

The Tier Of
Eternal Grace

Book Two
THE MIRRORS SHADOW
“In the somber of the shadows,
a glow shall be unearthed”

Tania Elizabeth

The Tier of Eternal Grace: The Mirrors Shadow
Copyright 2013 by Tania Elizabeth Tsang
Published at Smashwords

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or by any information storage and retrieval system, without permission in writing from the copyright owner.

This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously, and any resemblance to any actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.


CONTENTS


Compendium
Chapter One: Descry
Chapter Two: Lost
Chapter Three: Commune
Chapter Four: Defend
Chapter Five: Inception
Chapter Six: Inferno
Chapter Seven: Revealed
Chapter Eight: Evolution
Chapter Nine: Defile
Chapter Ten: Journey
Chapter Eleven: Conviction
Chapter Twelve: Motion
Chapter Thirteen: Influence
Chapter Fourteen: Felicity
Chapter Fifteen: Unearthed
Chapter Sixteen: Surrender
Chapter Seventeen: Reflection
Chapter Eighteen: Remember
Chapter Nineteen: Valediction
Chapter Twenty: Revelation
Chapter Twenty-One: Beginning
Chapter Twenty-Two: Parting
Chapter Twenty-Three: Existence
Chapter Twenty-Four: Fate
Chapter Twenty-Five: Imminent
Impending
Acknowledgments
About the Author
Other Books by Tania Elizabeth



Behind what may be
Is not all that has been seen
For within the shadows of the mirror
there lies secrets
Though secrets that not even she yet know
A life on Earth will be now her journey
Though will this journey break her? 
Or will it allow her to see her soul’s truth?
She must travel mind’s torments,
mind’s lusts and mind’s furies 
In order to discover who and what she is.


COMPENDIUM

Strength, honor, truth, and love: Tatiana Grace was a true leader.
As queen of Eterna Fadas, her life was dedicated to her people. She would do whatever she must in order to keep them safe, in order to keep them grounded in thy truths.
Now from the outside looking in their existence may well have appeared perfect. Grand and noble, their lives were incomparable. Right?
So why then were their lives holding question? Why then were their lives firing sparks of terror’d destruction? Why was thy queen herself being thrown into a tornado of unknown? The puzzle of discontentment that had laid in front of her, was now more than ever her truth.
The beast of all fae had bound her to a contract. He’d enforced her feet into the world of man, and under circumstances she never believed would sound her fate. 

Tatiana is now lost. Lost in a world so unlike her own.
Though could it be that through losing herself, she finds a different reflection? One that she may not know, but one that could bring forth a new kind of perfection.

Life is about choices. We make choices each moment of every moments passing, within our every breaths breath, and within the every beat of our beating heart. Through the choices, we choose our paths of elegant beauty or painful demise.
Take every one of those moments, even those of which scorn your mind of terror, and bring hurt to bleed from the depths of your heart; to ultimately bring you a silver lining. One in which shall forever meld into your futures coming, your destiny’s impending. One in which was possibly always meant to be.

Be no truer to anyone else than you are to yourself. Living within your truths will bring you a power undeniable, a courage unassailable, and a love within that is unquestionably the most beautiful charm of them all.

Though a faerie she may be… to the world of man, she is not. Still, a faerie, a queen faerie nonetheless, is more than may be seen with thy eye. It is what may be seen within the eye of thy heart, where truths shall always be revealed.
No emotion left in secret, no secrets left to hide. Through dark of another and thoughts left concealed, she will find her truths in ways she never imagined.



Is what had come be now thy end?
Or shall heart’s truth prevail?
Mind’s every night brings pictures roar
Of unnerving, frantic tale
What must be done is null thy vain
And hear what must be heard
The soul doth speak her heart through dream
Pay heed to thy unspoken word


Chapter One
DESCRY

Dreams be the speech of thy soul. Listen.

Quiet and distant at first I felt. I stare out into the sweet and soothing sound of the seas. Each wave break and fall in peace, and of mild temper. Though be it the longer I watch on, the heavier and more violent the force of each wave becomes. The waves of calm and serene were coming to life. They were fierce and haunting. They begin to race towards me. They were in hunt, and I was their prey. Dark and dire, they tried to engulf me. I fought back kicking and screaming, only to find myself running upon the sand. Fear was the only thought I retain. What was once only a dance of the ocean; had now turned into figures of cruel and terrifying shadows. They howled in horror and dread. It was though my feet would not move fast enough. I stumble time and time again. The ghastly figures are closing in on me; their horrifying screams becoming louder and more intense. Then below my feet, I am no longer standing upon the sandy shores. I am now standing upon a black and hardened pavement. I look up, only to come face to face with metal. I’m hit! I can hear screams and screeches, horns, and voices of shout. And then it goes black. But it doesn’t end there. All of a sudden I’m above myself. I look down upon my now broken body in absolute terror. However, it’s not me! It’s…

Corozon gasped like it was her last breath. A slight scream tried to escape as her deep brown eyes awoke with sharpened stir. She screamed, “Tatiana!” Tears were then rolling down her trembling cheeks, as she come to realize that she had awoken from yet another nightmare. The very same one she had dreamt every night for the past week since Tatiana’s disappearance. 
Within each night passed, Corozon had roused from sleep in sweat. Tears were always marked, and a feeling of fear and anxious unknowing wound so tight within, that it would not take long for the nauseous feeling to arise.
Malaika knew not how to comfort her, other than to hold her in his ardent embrace. He had tried to reassure her the first so many nights with words. Though he soon came to understand, that for Corozon, these moments were best left unsaid, allowing her to come to terms with the visions and emotions on her own.

Corozon knew within her very depths that there was truth to be found in thy nightmares. To what extent – she was unsure. 
What she was also unaware of was that Tatiana was dreaming the exact same dream, at the exact same time. For Tatiana, however, her dream was not only a dream; it was a memory. It was a replay of thy events that brought her to where she now lay. It was a replay of events that would persist like that of a broken record. One in which Corozon would rather have her shut down. If only she knew how, what, where, and why. 
However, the nightmares would continue, for it was Tatiana’s soul screaming for help. 
She lay in a state of unconsciousness upon thy earthly plains. She was attached to cords and monitors, unable to respond to the outside world. So if Tatiana could not speak her truths, then her soul would speak of thy truths for her; forever in know, of where it be she most certainly belong. 

~•*•~

Cradling his love’s every unsettled thought, Malaika wiped away at the tears. Then taking his hand from her cheek into her own, Corozon gazed upon the being she now fondly called her only. 
“I need to find him!”
The ridge of Malaika’s nose furrowed, his eyes carved an air of concern. He was quite certain he knew whom she spoke of, though still felt the need to confer. “You need to find who, my queen?”
Before she answer, Corozon let go of his hand, swinging her legs to the side of thy bed. Her feet planted firmly on the rug below, her toes curling and clenching within the feathers, while her hands grasped tight to the edges of her berth. It was like she were trying to hold back from saying or doing something she may further regret.
“Edan! I must find Edan.” Her words were of spite, and her eyes cut a glow of absolute contempt. 
Forming a flame between her hands, she declared, “He’s shut himself away for the past week. Crystabella has tried to have us believe that he tortures himself with guilt, bringing his own self to a place of absolute remorse.” She paused to catch a breath before she bellowed, “Bullshit! He knew exactly what he was doing when he took her across to Earth.” Bracing her hands together the flame ceased while her knuckles turned white from clenching far too tight. “He knows more than he lets on. He may be able to blind sight Crystabella with his words, but he doesn’t fool me. He will tell me where she is! And I will find her.”
Corozon jump to her feet, ready to charge, fire burning in the pits of her stomach. Malaika tried to calm her while she was already stepping out of her sleepwear. “Baby, please think about this rationally. Yes, I agree with you; Edan does know more than he allows us to believe. Though it is the middle of thy night. Should this not, can this not, wait until the morning rise. As with… if you go to him with such anger brewing, if you go to him with your mind set on only revenge; you know all too well that he will not respond. Edan will never answer you so long as he feels he is being attacked.”
At first she stand in silence while her mind ticked over a hundred fold. “Urgh!” Malaika was right. “Why must you make such sense?”
Malaika stood to his feet taking the few short steps to where Corozon collapse in poignant mess; her face sunken into the palms of her hands. He seated himself beside her, drawing her hands back. Gently lifting her chin, their eyes meet in truths reflection. “Because I am your sense. Just as you are mine.” He then hold her in soothing embrace. 

~•*•~

As morning broke and eyes did wake, it did not take long for Corozon to be up and out the door. She was on her way to Crystabella’s: the place Edan thought to call his home. Malaika had no choice but to follow. He could only imagine how this was going to fall, and he could not allow his love to ensue this on her own.

Taking to the air like a whip to the breeze, they flew through the Woods of Soul. All that held on thy Great Mother’s lands was in bustle of a brand new day. There was still such beauty and grace. There were smiles and blessings of many; and yet, there was still something amiss. There was an emptiness felt within the spirits of thy trees, within the animals of her breaths, within that of her people… of Tatiana’s people. All had a pining within that they were finding near impossible to shake. Where was their queen? Why had she not come back? Their only understanding at this time, was that Corozon would stand as guardian to thy throne, until such time that their queen return. 

Coming to an abrupt halt, Corozon snapped back, her hands now forcefully upon Malaika’s chest. He took a sharp breath. She very nearly winded him. “What babe?” He tried to ask. 
But Corozon did not hear him. She thrust and tweaked her head from side to side, her eyes deflecting just as much. She seemed to be looking for something – or feeling for something to be precise. Her senses had become ever more acute since the time Tatiana began her training. 
“They were here... not too long ago.” She was inadvertently referring to Crystabella and Edan. “They’re headed towards the Dances Burrow.”
How she knew this, Malaika never ask. He simply assumed that his love had sincerely taken place as Tatiana had for always hoped. 
Granted, she still slipped every now and again, and she’d be lying if she said that her every thought was of as much beauty as Tatiana’s. But she was doing her best, and that is all Tatiana had ever asked.

~•*•~

Now – The Dances Burrow. This was a place of sacred energies. It was fawned as a place of prayer, and a place of forgiveness. Its ground covered in a haze of glistening blue smoke. Its surroundings were of Majestic Oaks and Blue Jacaranda. Each leaf and bloom glowed of resplendence. Silver white grasses dressed the surface whole, while the perfumed scent of Jasmine, Gardenia, and Sweet Alyssum could be found within every breath.

Standing at thy border of its heavenly floors, Corozon calmed her nerves. She reminded herself of Tatiana’s words, Fury and fight shall never do you right. Breath and be still, for within love will fill. It is then that all shall befall. Peace and mercy the only will then on call.
Taking a deepened breath, she stepped forward from behind the trees. Malaika chose to remain at the sides for the time being. He would come forth when, and if he were required.

“Corozon?” Crystabella was startled as she jumped in her own skin.
Edan turn to face her, and then nod in questionable greeting. He was holding tense. Corozon simply smile back at them both.
“What are you doing here?” Crystabella ask.
Corozon was still reminding herself to hold calm. “I can only be honest, angel. I have come here to speak with Edan, in the hope he will answer some unsettling questions for myself.”
Edan’s shoulders braced while his jaw become hardened.
“I’ve been seeing Tatiana in my dreams. I believe she is calling. I also believe that Edan has not been completely honest with us.”
“But we’ve told you all he knows,” Crystabella was still defending him.
Corozon’s words weren’t sitting well with Edan either. His energy essence was already throwing swift daggers of red and black. The dampened fire provoked lit unbelievably fast. 
Crystabella turned to face him. She’d felt his energy change. “Edan, why are you reacting? You have a storm of lightning bolt ready to charge? Is there truth in her words? Did you lie about the night of full moon?”
“No.”
“So what’s with the…” Crystabella pointed all about his emotional essence. 
“Why are you asking me such frivolous questions? I told you all I know!” To Edan, it was one thing to have Corozon question him again; but to hear the query arise from that of his Bella… it was only making his fury burn ever so more. He spoke in heated whisper. “Bella. Have I not proven myself to you? I apologized for my wrong doings, and I have since treated you with nothing but respect. Why are you interrogating me?”
It was obvious that Edan didn’t believe his own lies, let alone have any other believe his deception. Shades of gray had already begun to entangle the undertones of his wings. Edan’s judgment of himself was not of much more than that of Corozon’s own. She almost felt sorry for him – almost. She then answered for Crystabella in soft tone. “Edan, I don’t believe any of us are here to interrogate you, nor am I here to make judgment.” Maybe not true, but Corozon was doing well at keeping her emotional essence guarded. “I am only here to find out what became of our queen. So please, calm down.”
Why she’d bothered to be polite she’d then wondered, as Edan address her in the most unflattering manner. “Now that is a lie if I ever heard one, Corozon. You are only here to nail your terror upon me. You are only here to find me guilty of what you believe to be my wrong doings. You are no better than that queen of yours. It is no wonder she placed her duty upon you. Who better to reign her lands than another like-minded bitch!”
What in heaven’s name? He don’t dare… 
Malaika flew out ready to deck him. Corozon threw out her hand and stopped him just in time. “Babe, don’t. He’s not worth it.” She then clasped his hand, reassuring him that all was fine. 
“Edan. I am choosing to look past your comment, and I am even choosing to look past what went before.” She referred to his every ill-fired action. “But I am pleading with you to tell me what you know of Tatiana. Please. I only ask so that we may find her.”
Edan swallowed hard. “I have no idea what became of your precious Tatiana.” And on some level this statement was true. “Why don’t you begin looking where her and I ventured?”
“Being where exactly,” Corozon asked.
“Barcelona, you fool.” 
To the floors of thy divine Edan now lay, as Malaika’s fist very quickly connected with his nose. Nobody speak to his love in that tone.
Edan snapped his head back in Malaika’s direction with chuff. “Is that it? Come on. You can do better than that, Malaika.”
Edan was more than happy to start something, and Malaika was more than happy to contest. Corozon and Crystabella then stepping in quick before it became a brutal mess. 
Crystabella was down on her knees behind Edan. She took firm hold of his arms, whispering a threat all her own. Corozon, however, would simply stand to the front of her beloved. She would only look upon him with eyes of confused affliction. Sure… she wanted to hold Tatiana’s belief of non-violence and respected perceptive thought, but she was still Corozon. She could remain a little less forgiving than that of her queen, and of much more fire within. This being the reason she could not help but smirk, and wink just a little, before returning her attentions back to Edan. 

Taking one step forth, Corozon then stood directly over the fiend. A beeline stare, she reached deep beneath his exterior, looking for any piece of compassion. “Edan, I beg of you. Please put aside your conceded notions of personal vindication. This is beyond any one being. This is about an entire realm of pure form. This is about all the people of Eterna Fadas, including that of yourself, and your beloved, Crystabella.”
Her gaze paused upon the core of his spirit. It really was a constant battle within. His soul spun brief moments of love and peace, but as always, his head tore away at his soul, giving no surrender. She pleaded. “Please tell me what more you can of your night on thy earthly realm.”
Edan smirk of sarcasm, even though his eyes still spoke a dull pain. Corozon tried to envision how Tatiana would handle this situation. Although that was pointless – she was not she.
“I am trying Edan. But my patience does not run as deep as Tatiana’s. So I ask you once more. Please speak with me about the night you crossed. I must find her.”
While Edan continue to hold his tongue in wrongful angst, Corozon’s temper fueled. She forced her hand upon his forehead. 
“Fine! If you will not tell me, I will find out for myself!” 
Closing her eyes, she spoke in mind’s voice to Edan’s own.

Bring forth the night of memories…

Instantly, Edan slapped at Corozon’s forearm with vile intent, forcing her hand away. He heard her mind’s spell, and wanted no part of her knowing. However, Corozon would have no bar of his absurdity. She forced her hand, demanding him self-restrained.
“You will let me see! For I will not ask a third time!” Corozon’s tone had become of burning threat.
Well then, if see is what she ask, then see is what she shall get. Edan somewhat smirking as his odious mind collect all thoughts. 
Again, Corozon placed her hand upon his forehead.

Bring forth the night of memories been
The night of thy queen, the night of thy moon 
Bring forth the night of memories been
Of all he had seen on thy night of ruthless tune

Corozon was instantly in view to the moments of memory that Edan had kept locked within mind. His every instinct was again to rip himself away from her visions. Though as he took sight of the pain rippling across her face, he made the ferocious decision to allow her full access to the exploits of their feverish night. 

~•*•~

Breathing long and deep, Corozon sighted the entire night of terrified events. From the first drum of manipulation before they’d even left, to the place Corozon had already seen one too many times in her own vivid nightmares. Almost too afraid to see any further, but knowing that she must; Corozon’s breaths then slow to a heavy pace as she watch and listen to a forbidden lost curse being cast. These were spells in which no faerie should any longer know, let alone use. 
From deep haunted remembrance, Corozon frightfully escape his memories of hell. She then clutched her hands about his throat. “What have you done? You – are – vile! You are hell itself! How is it possible that one person can be so malignant, so narcissistic, so evil?”
Edan then driving those final memories back into Corozon’s mind. She screamed while her hold become tighter. Edan was now fighting for his every breath.
Crystabella and Malaika were then forced to intercept. Malaika placed his arm firmly about Corozon’s shoulders, politely requesting her to calm thy emotions. Crystabella then wrap her hands about Edan, begging that he release the fearful hold he had upon Corozon’s mind. Neither Crystabella nor Malaika aware as yet to the contemptible acts that thy immoral and vicious delinquent had made.
 
Slowly Corozon let go. Malaika then pull her into his chest, where at once she break the dams of tear. With no thought, whatsoever, she turned in state of dishonor, discharging an electrical spear of fire and ghastly threat. It strike Edan on the chest. Shards of spark and splintered silver then cast about him whole. Edan look down in horror. The solid silver chains that hung about his neck had saved him from the deathly blow.
“How could you do that? How could you do what you did?” Corozon asked in bitter and insistent whisper.
Trying to appease the waves of terror, Malaika pull her back within his embrace. 
Turning to face Crystabella, Edan declare. “I’m sorry.” And then he was gone. A gale of reactive emotion left roaring, as he flew off in senseless speed. Crystabella was left bewildered, because for what he was sorry, she had no idea; nor was she certain what to believe anymore. 

The morning after the Moon Clearing was one of bedlam, confusion, and query. However, Crystabella had chosen to believe Edan when he implored that he’d lost Tatiana on the Earthly realm. 
Had she unintentionally fallen back into his deceitful life for the false need of his affection? Why did she continue to go back there? Why did she consciously choose to believe his lies, when she knew within every ounce of her being that she was better off without him?

Holding herself aground, she had to ask. “Corozon. What did you see?” 

~•*•~

Crystabella and Malaika then listened. Their own feelings of anger, sorrow, and vengeance becoming evidently clear. Particularly as the last of her visions were voiced. Not only had Edan left Tatiana wounded beyond recognition, he had also cast a spell of terrifying effect – a spell of life’s life itself.
What this meant, was that if by some miracle Tatiana had come through the injuries sustained, then she would have been left with a complete unknowing altogether. She would have been left with no recollection of who she was, or where she came from.



Terror rising
Petrified
Alarms within
Be then she cried
Eyes now open
Mind left closed
Fear undisguised
Be she exposed
Awaken in darkness
No memory found
Questions left pending
To he she now bound


Chapter Two
LOST

At times it may feel hopeless. That life is unforgiving. Breathe.
In the hopelessness of life, we find hope and promise.
We find strength.

Cold, sterile, white walls that stained from where too much bleach had been used. The beige curtains drawn. The only sight of color being the large bouquet of bright flowers in a glass vase of cream and blue that sat on the shelving below the television. To the corner, a single navy armchair, and curled up within it, a man she did not know. The only thought running through her mind, Where am I?
She was faint and somewhat dazed from the sedatives, alongside all other drugs they’d pumped into her body the passing week; but that did not disallow the fear to grow. Her eyes gaze down at leads and tubing coming from about her mouth and chest. Immediately, she pulled at the band and tubing inserted down her throat. The endotracheal tube shift and pull at her internal chambers, it sprained within the belt of her every breath – she choked. She screamed. What is happening? Where am I? Why am I? HELP!
Though be it her questions and pleas were not to be answered, for it was only in her mind she screamed query. The only sounds essentially escaping, where moans of terror and tear. Unable to remove the tube, she then began ripping at the leads from her chest. The beep beep beep of the alarm sounded from the cardiac monitor. 
The man from the navy blue armchair was already at her bedside. He was trying to hold back her hands, to have her leave be the lines that held her life the past few weeks. He’d awoken in such fright when hearing her choke. She fought him. Through grunts, groans, and fearful cry, she tried instructing him to get his heinous hands off her.
“Please. Please don’t be scared. I’m only here to help you.” He attempted to reason with her as he looked at her with such deep concern, “Please. If you settle, and promise to leave the cords alone, I promise I will let go. You are only hurting yourself right now by fighting me.”
While gazing at her with those deep blue eyes, Tatiana was unexpectedly taken to feelings of peace and safety somehow. I know this man. How do I know this man? I do not remember you. But I know you. How is that possible? Tatiana’s mind was at loss with the questions she asked of herself. She was so confused in thought. 
Tatiana then made the choice to stop the contention. He let go, just as he promised. He then rolled his shoulders back, standing upright beside her hospital bed. Taking a deep breath of calm, he breathed in the warm scent of vanilla and marshmallow. A hinted trail that he had come to know was Tatiana’s natural perfumed essence. 

Within seconds, the doors to her room were swung in reasonable force. Tearing through them coursed a middle-aged woman. Her hair was of copper; she was svelte in size, and dressed in all of white. Nurse Coleta was her name. Her looks of no measure turning very quickly to looks of perplexed surprise as she cast her eyes on Tatiana.
Her patient’s eyes were wide and alert. Movement, though slight, was also more than evident. Turning the alarm of the cardiac monitor off, Nurse Coleta turned towards the man by the bed. She asked him how long she’d had been awake for? She called him Julian.
Julian? Thought Tatiana.
Julian wasn’t able to give Nurse Coleta a precise answer, though he was more than certain it had only been a few short minutes. While Julian spoke, she was promptly checking Tatiana’s vitals and responses. She then called for Dr. Mario Montez to proceed to room 311. 

With no understanding as to why he’d been called to the room at this stage, he was speechless once stepping into view of the woman whom he believed was still in deep coma. A woman who very nearly died three times in the first 24 hours of being admitted. A woman who was still barely alive only days before. 
“You’re awake?” Dr. Montez hesitantly asked as he advanced towards her. He began checking vitals – thoroughly. He was rather abash.
Mario Montez was a staunch man. His face was kind, and his hands were soft as they stroked the sides of Tatiana’s face. He did look tired though. He was coming to the end of a 20-hour shift. Not that he had any intention of leaving now. 
“How is this possible?” His question more suggestive than anything else. “You my dear girl were… I mean… your injuries; they were so extensive. Your recovery should have been long and… how is this possible? This can not be.” Mario Montez was in a state of complete astonishment as he mumbled erratically to himself. “A miracle!” He announced, looking up at Julian. “That is what this is… nothing short of a miracle!”

The more this man spoke, the more Tatiana became agitated. Who was this man that seemed to think he could examine her all he liked, and speak about her like she weren’t even there? Question, after question, after question. Tatiana’s mind stirred too many. What is going on? Where am I? Who is he? Who is HE? She turned back to look at Julian. How did I get here? She then shut her eyes as she came to realize she had no idea who even she was. Who – am – I? Who am I? Who am I? Who am I?  With each time asked, the fear took hold so strong, that her heart rate rose, and her palms became clammy. Tatiana’s eyes opened wide and full of fear. Casting her gaze at Julian, she wanted to ask, though was unable to for her throat was still full of tubing. The expression across her beautiful fine features screamed fear.  
Julian peered at Tatiana, and then at Montez. “Get that thing out of her. She wants it out!”
Tatiana tried to agree in nod, her eyes filling with cries of nervous tears. Montez then calmly explained that he must first be certain she was capable of breathing on her own. He asked her to take a few deep breaths. Once assured that she could, he requested she take a further three – one in, one out, and one longer breath in. With the final breath in, he deflated the cuff, and gently removed the endotracheal tube. 

Tatiana’s throat was sore, and her voice hoarse. She turned to face Julian. “Who – am – I?” 
Julian stared back at her with pure hearted sorrow. She did not know her own self, let alone him. Not that she should, considering they’d only just met, and met in the most distorted and unfortunate way we might add.
“Tatiana. Your name is Tatiana.”
The look of fear on her face did not change. The tears of her angel’s eyes then seeped beneath her lashes, falling like drops of storm. 
Terrified. Scared. In absolute shock. Her head pound like a thousand soldiers marching in pace with the other. Every footfall another bruising within her mind of crowded emptiness. Tatiana’s eyes begin blinking in nervous fret. Her legs snap, and then twinge. It was like she were ready to leap from the bed. Her head was in jerks of sharp bursts – side, to side, to side. Her hands grasped at the bed sheets beneath, while her body shiver and tremble in torrent frenzy. With a snap of the wrist, Tatiana was suddenly rising from her bed. Her entire body detached from the hospital cot. She now writhe in deluge of twists and turns, at a height above where she just lay.
Julian, Dr. Montez, and Nurse Coleta, stood in a mix of disbelief and horror. 
This is not humanly possible, thought Montez.
“Do something!” Julian screaming at Mario Montez. Snapping himself out of dissolution, Montez called for assistance. He and Nurse Coleta tried to seize her legs and arms. They tried to compose her fits of sudden quake. They tried to bring her back down to thy berth.
“We must settle her before she does herself further damage. An acute seizure,” Montez presumed, “brought on by the unknown no doubt.” Montez then ordered Nurse Coleta to retrieve the Midazolam.

It was then that Tatiana heard a voice outside of herself, but this voice was not one of the three bodies that already stood about her. It was a voice in which she knew more than any other she’d heard thus far. It was a voice in which somehow soothed her from within.
‘Calm, my queen. Calm.’
Within a moments ponder, Tatiana had then ceased the convulsions just as quickly as they had begun. Her body gently drifting back to the firm of the mattress below. Searching the room for the voice, she returned her gaze back to meet Julian’s. “Who said that?” The words only just a raspy whisper, but enough that he could hear them.
“Who said what, my love?”
“To calm.”
“Sorry?”
Tatiana instantly come to realize that it was only her who’d heard thy angel’s voice, and that somehow, she was okay with this reasoning. Trying to remain calm, and at peace, the tears seeped once more from her eyes of illusion jewels. However, this time her tears shed of sheer heartache. The fear was gently subsiding. 
Dr. Montez was almost ready to inject the syringe of Midazolam. He thought it would still be best. 
‘See within,’ Tatiana heard. She then find herself turning to face the doctor. She peered deep within his eyes, just as she had done to Julian, the very first night he’d laid his eyes upon her. 
Mario Montez was suddenly pulled from current thought. Instead of looking out at the present moment, he was suddenly seeing his very own reflection, his every innermost desire, his doubts, and his fears. Alarmed and dismayed, he dropped the syringe and took a step back. He tripped, landing hard on the tiled floor. Looking up with eyes of trepidation, he asked, “Who are you?”
Not exactly a question she could answer. 
Tatiana then sensing his fear of her. What did I do? Why would he ask that of me? Julian in wonderment of just the same. However, she wouldn’t actually ask; for whatever happened, it had worked in Tatiana’s favor. She had no desire for any more drugs in her body. Her only want was to have her questions answered. She needed to know the answers. She needed to remember who she was; and being under any damaging influence was never to serve her well.

~•*•~

As the last remnants of her body tension eased, and her every muscle relaxed into relinquishment of her battled mind; her fingers then slowly let go of the sheets, one – at – a time. Without any knowing why, Tatiana then close her eyes and begin taking deepened breaths. Each one bringing her one breath closer to a state of short-winded storm. Again she heard the voice of her angel’s song. ‘Remain calm, my queen, hold love at heart, and all will be revealed in due time.’
Again, unknown to herself why; she did not question the voice, of where it came, or of what it spoke. Instead, she only complied with the voice. Knowing without knowing, that the voice was of salvation.

No longer scared, only inquisitive, she looked about the room with eyes of a newborn. All was so new, and unfamiliar. Her soul completely aware and awake, even though it held a present sense of somber. She would neither recognize, nor connect with that aspect of herself, at least not consciously. Her sentient mind would be for some time, too absorbed in learning about all that laid before her physical eyes, to ever consider seeing anything within.
Turning to face Julian, her eyes fixed upon his, she was overwhelmed with that same feeling of comfort. A comfort of a home unknown. Whoever this man be, he was an angel all his own. His eyes were blue serenity, while his every facial feature held a landscape of blessed divine. Tatiana’s eyes then sweep his essence whole, her hand following in suit. He was wearing a clean, white, short-sleeved cotton shirt, with a single cinnamon brown button upon each sleeve. Her hand browsed down his strong, muscular arms, then across his well-formed chest. Moving her eyes back to his, another single tear streamed from the corner of her eye. Though before the next meet with her cheek, Julian gently placed his hand beneath, wiping away at the emotional bead. The energies exchanged were electric. She had to ask. “Who are you? How is it that I know you?”

Julian was uncertain how to answer. He’d already fabricated enough stories, just so he could remain by her side over the past two weeks. He did not want to begin by misleading her into the untruth also. But then, he was oh so enjoying the bliss of thy moment he held in the palm of his hand. Did he dare disturb it? 
It was Mario Montez who interrupted the silence, while Nurse Coleta helped him back to his feet. “This is your marido, chica. Your husband.”
Still buried deep within his eyes, Tatiana frowned. “How is it that I do not remember you?” Contemplating the question she’d just asked, she answered her own question with yet another. “Though how is it that I do not even remember myself? And may I ask where it is I am?”
Tatiana was lost, but composed. Her mind was filled with question, and her stomach churned just a twitch; yet she was calm, and polite.
Again, it was Dr. Montez who answered for him. “You, my dear girl, are incredibly blessed. Your husband, Julian, has barely left your side. He has been here night and day since you were first brought to this hospital.” His following words changing to tones of uncertain regard. “Your amnesia I can explain. However, as for how it is you sit here before us, just as you are? Well, that is beyond all of my comprehension. Medically, scientifically, it’s simply not possible. Yet you, my dear, have defied all odds.”
 
Letting go of her gaze upon Julian, she turned to face Montez. While listening of wholehearted intent, her hand find place upon the man who brought her an unknown comfort. She wrapped her fingers round his hand, clasping it with tender strain. 
Julian gasped just slight. He was immediately being overtaken by euphoric sensations. An enchanted pulse rushed up his arm, through his core, his mind, his heart. It felt like a thousand grains of starlit dust were exploding of light from within. He drew in a deepened breath as his eyes then gently close. When he reopened his windows of sight, there was more to be seen than he had ever seen before.
Colors of splendor set about each living soul that stood before him. Tatiana’s own colors were the most exquisite. She was surrounded by an aura of glittering rainbow, expanding well beyond all others. Then to the end of the bed, there was another. Although Julian did not know he. He also knew that this being was not of thy earthly plane. He was of an ethereal nature, and felt of the same energy that Tatiana arose from. Behind him, there was even a set of green wings. What the? This is not happening! I am not seeing this. But he was. He was seeing just as Tatiana sees, or shall we say, did see.
Forcing his eyes shut, he shook his head twice. I don’t need this right now! Slowly his vision’s sense reopened, Thank you. All was again as it should have been. 
It would be a long time to come before he would ever admit to what he just saw. A hallucination. It had to have been. Lack of sleep. Julian tried to reassure himself.

Whilst Julian saw of lights, Tatiana kept focus upon Montez. One by one, the questions that spun thy webs of confusion and loss were beginning to flow free from her lips. And one by one, Mario Montez answered the questions in which he could reply. 
Tatiana came to understand that she was in the Hospital Vall d'Hebron in Barcelona, and that she had been in a terrible accident two weeks prior. She was told brief aspects of her injuries sustained, and to what would all now be expected. 
Every now and again she find herself apologizing for her ignorance. She struggled with the fact that she could not answer the questions herself. Montez looked at Tatiana with a gaze of tender reassurance, “Please, my darling girl. You need not apologize. As I have already spoken. The confusion and loss of memory is of course expected after such an ordeal. The very fact that you are with us still, that you are alert and coherent, is in itself a miracle; a phenomenon in which I shall ponder for much time to come.”

Neither Dr. Montez, Nurse Coleta, nor Julian would ever speak again of the incident in where she arose from thy bed. It was simply too much for any one of them to fathom, let alone believe the fact that it had even really happened.  

~•*•~

Tatiana watched on as both Dr. Mario Montez and Nurse Coleta walked out through the doors and into the corridor. Once certain they were no longer in view, Tatiana took a deep breath of relief as her head fall forward in respite. She then allowed the ache of no hope to rear its dreadful head once more. She may now know of her name, of where she was, and of all that had happened in the past two weeks, but what of her time before that? 
Tatiana was swelling of question for Julian. Somehow, and by some means, she knew not all his words were of truth. “Julian… who are you really? You are not who he says you are… are you?”
This took Julian completely off guard. Why would she ask such a question? She had no recollection, so how and why? He knew in that moment that he had to divulge the truth. He knew that he could not lie to the angel of who lay before him.
“No, I am not. I am not your husband. You know of me, even less than you know of yourself. I found you… or you found me, I’m not quite sure. I was with you the night of your accident. No other had been there to claim you then, nor has any been to find you since. I felt impelled to stay by your side. I had to know that you were okay.” He paused whilst allowing that information to settle within her mind. Then he continued. “My name is Julian. Julian Garcia Ramirez, of Naples, Southwest Florida. I am, or was, on an extended business trip. I was meant to be on a flight back home the day after I first met you. Though I could not tear myself away. I had to stay. I cannot explain my reasoning’s, for I have none; and trust me – I have tried to make sense of my being here. That is all I’ve asked my own self, time and time again since you first arrived. The unsung sense, as it would stand to be, just somehow makes sense when I look at you. That in itself being senseless, I know. But you deserve the truth; as ludicrous as the truth may be.”
For many hours, Julian and Tatiana spoke. Well, be it Julian did most of the talking. He spoke of his home, where he came from, his family, his work. He spoke of the night he first laid eyes on her, and how when he’d first looked into her eyes, he was shown in mind’s eye, many visions. He saw flaunts and flashes of his deepest desires. He saw flaunts and flashes of his every greatest fear, alongside the doubts he carried of oneself. All of which he’d known he could govern and guide, to never be more than a moment in time; just like any such moment that may have arisen throughout his life. Though it were the two visions he could not shake that haunted his mind ever since. 
One was of a life – with her. The other was of a life – without her. The first, being one of a love, and a bliss he had never known. The second, being one he dared never know, for the pain in that split second was enough for him to then follow this woman to the ends of the earth and back again. 

Tatiana listened closely to every word that passed through his luscious lips. And the more she listened, the more she heard of his heart. 
Tatiana may have not remembered who she was, or where she came. But what she did know was this… 
Julian was her knight in shining armor. He was her savior, her valiant soldier of passion and trust. He was now, the only person she knew, and had ever known. She also knew, that although all seemed hopeless in a sense – it was not. She knew that over time, she would find strength and courage. She would push through the uncertainties. She would find a world of clearer path.

~•*•~

Exhausted by the emotional revelations, Tatiana’s eyes became increasingly heavy, while her head still throb of too many thoughts. She tried to fight the feeling of worn and faint, though Julian implored her to rest. Caressing the side of her face, she finally drifted into peaceful sleep; and as she did, the angel’s voice was heard in secret once more. His words of tender thought then coursing through her own lips in whisper. She spoke them so freely.
“Sleep well, my love, dream sweet this night. For grace and glory shall come to light.”
“Sorry?” Julian asked quietly, as the words that Tatiana spoke were of as much a riddle to he as was her life. But there was no answer. Tatiana had already drifted into a sleeping beauties peace. 

Julian gazed in awe and wonderment at the woman of whom he’d just met. A woman of indescribable beauty, and a woman in whom had already unknowingly captured his heart in every possible way. Would questions ever be answered, or would questions remain to be never explained? Where now were their lives to lead? Was she who he’d always awaited?



A friend of thy soul
Will stand by thee
Through dark of thy days
And light of thy nights
No matter how far or how long


Chapter Three
COMMUNE

Never be you less, if help be thy words.
For together we stand, and as one we hold power.

In the lead up to the next full moon, there was a fusion of determined, yet confused energies all about Eterna Fadas. Corozon had assembled a gathering of faeries. She had travelled as far east as Armarria to assemble them. 

Armarria was a grand flat that lay in the depths of thy Sovereign Mountains. It was a three-day journey there and back. The lead soul of this secluded piece of land was Eeowyn. He was a very wise and gentle soul whom she had not seen for too many a year.
Now be it true that Corozon could have spoken to him through soul, or even through mind. But with what she asked, she knew better. 

The people of Armarria were fae of incredible strength, both physically, and spiritually. They were a small community, and all who dwelled upon her flourished soils held a shield like armor. The transparent sheath prevailing as a faint blue glow, which covered all their entirety. It enabled them to be shielded by all effects of thy full moon, alongside any negative influence that carried near and about their energetic presence. They lived in the purest form of harmony, never placing him or herself within positions of acrimony or threat. This being one reason why they lived in such seclusion. 
At first glance, you would quite possibly be mistaken into thinking the complete opposite of their peaceful demeanors, for they were all very well built. Their look was bold and fearless. Even the women held a build of stone, as their every muscle cut so defined. However, once opening their mouths, their speech was soft, full of nothing but love and gratitude for all of life’s beauty. Corozon was always enamored when in their presence.
The people of Armarria were also of commitment and hard working. They worked the lands tirelessly, and were known to produce some of the most succulent and mouth-watering fruits and vegetables within the realm. 

~•*•~

Flying down from the thick of thy surrounding trees, Corozon and Malaika smile of heart, as Eeowyn look up from the pastures and wave. He and his fellow faeries were busy harvesting the last of their crops before the grounds freeze hard from the almost winter’s days. It had been a very long while since last having a visitor. Thus Eeowyn, though pleased to see Corozon, was also a little weary when first laying eyes upon the two faeries of Feather Vale. 
They may have been of distant lands, but all within Eterna Fadas were kept up to date with any knowledge that was considered out of the norm or of importance. Therefore, all were well aware that there had been a disappearance. They understood that their queen was amiss, and that Corozon would govern Tatiana’s place until her return. However, they were not as informed on the man who flew beside her, but took it in great confidence that he must have been her right-hand man.
Placing their feet upon thy soils, Eeowyn stepped forth. “Why hello there, my dear Corozon.”
“Hello, Eeowyn. Long time no see. How are you?”
Corozon and Eeowyn had been friends for too long to remember. They were kindred spirits of the fire element. 
“I am well, my dear friend. Though what brings you to our lands? It is a long flight from the tranquility of Feather Vale.”
“I am here for your help.”
This statement brought slight unease to thy man of grand stature. Why would Corozon require his help? Why would she have traveled so far, when she could have asked from the comfort of her own home?

Eeowyn would then have to wait any further comment, because coming at full speed from behind was a splendor of beauty and emotion. It was Prima. She flew at Corozon, with arms wide open, and a smile that held larger than the brightest of stars. “Corozon!” she exclaimed, as she took Corozon in a warm yet very firm embrace. Corozon gasped. The people of Armarria often forgetting of their strength. “Oops, sorry Corozon,” her smile never fading.
“My beautiful Prima. How wonderful it is to see you.” Corozon’s own smile mirroring that of thy overly energetic soul.
“Please – please – come. We must sit, and we must catch up.” Prima already clutching Corozon’s hand and dragging her towards the village.
Corozon chuffed. “You… sit? Is that possible?” She then looked back over her shoulder at Eeowyn, “You coming?”
He smirked, “It would seem so.”

Prima was well known for never being able to sit still for too long a period. She had too much energy to burn, always prancing and dancing about, spreading love and joy through all. 
Hooking her arm with Corozon’s, Prima had to ask in whisper, “So who is this delectable faerie then?” Winking as she peer in Malaika’s direction, “I sense a strong craving between the two of you.”
Corozon just grin. She would say nothing more. Though she would proceed to introduce him to all.

Finding their feet at the heart of thy quaint village, Malaika gazed at its charm. Their every home was mounted on the outer edges, while at the very center stood the most exquisite fountain of stone and crystal. Open floor spaces shouldered roses of many, while hand-carved swing benches hung beneath white-feathered willows. 
Back and forth the conversations swayed. Much of thy village now gathered, all losing themselves in pleasant conversation. All except, Eeowyn. His mind was held on the real reason they were there. Hence, he eventually had to ask. “Corozon. Malaika. I am sorry for interfering on such pleasantries, but why have you ventured here? I am too certain that it was not for the simplicity of mirthful memory.” 
Corozon’s expression then turning to one of somber, as she explained of thy truth behind their visit.

She made clear of the night where terror had formed. She gave details of how, why, who, where, and what. Every faerie held in dismay at thy revelations, though still confused as to why, and how that brought Corozon to be upon their doorsteps? How it was that she declared their help?
She clarified. “Due to Tatiana’s unknowing of who she is, or where she comes from; it’s like her mind of empty thought has taken precedent of her soul. It is disallowing us to sense her in any manner. I need our most strong willed and honorable to cross onto the earthly plains of Fageda d’en Jorda, travel into the city of Barcelona, and find Queen Tatiana.”
Eeowyn’s intuition told him where this was leading, but would ask nonetheless. “And again, why are you here?”
“Eeowyn. You must know that I ask this with a heavy heart. I would do this myself, though I am needed here in Eterna Fadas to lead the faeries into pure of mind. I understand very well that it is not in your natures to enter such a conflicting situation, let alone enter the world of man. But Eeowyn, it is your minds that I need. You are not affected by the full moon’s frequencies, and therefore, I have complete faith in that you would cross with no implication. You would remain levelheaded with thou task at hand. You would not have the torment of struggle that so many of the faerie still deal with upon each of thy full moon. Of all the faeries in Eterna Fadas, it is to be you, and the people of Armarria that I believe would succeed in finding Tatiana.” She paused, her eyes holding back tears. “Whatever state she be in… she must be found.”
Eeowyn was hesitant. However… eventually it would be agreed that he, Prima, and nine other of Armarria would assist in finding their queen. Corozon was right. Thy queen had to be found at all costs.

~•*•~

The dawn of thy full moon had arisen, and the depth of thou night seized strong. Concerns for Tatiana’s welfare had grown, and fear still held its hold. Where was she? What had come of her? Was she even alive? The answer to the last question… Corozon could not even bear to think. 

The skies were of magic; of stars silver trail. The moon was full in its splendor, while the vivid background of violet and green surged in bands of night’d dance. Corozon gazed her attention into the allure of its spell. She prayed. She prayed that thy faeries find her queen, her best friend. She prayed that they find her well. 
Standing firm, her feet bound to Mother Earth, Corozon stood in fearful pride at the border of thy Feather Vale aperture. All about her stood three dozen of the most loyal, stable, and endearing faeries. Lyric and Malaika were giving direction. Where it was they were all to go, how long they should have themselves remain there, and just how best to approach Tatiana, if they were to cross her path.
Crystabella was there also. She was quiet and vacant, as she looked up at the vague shapes moving about thy darkened cliffs. She rested herself on the border of thy riverbed, patiently awaiting Corozon.

Lyric was the first to speak thy spell of safe journey. He’d awaited this night, every minute of every hour within every passing day since the last full moon be gone. He’d blamed himself for losing the woman who claimed his heart. She was the only other who spoke his soul, and he could not dare think of his eternal life without her. 

Fageda d’en Jorda is what I see
Follow through my mind’s decree
No harm of self, no ill of mind
Be all I pray, be all I find

Once all other had journeyed through, Malaika was then to be the last of who step into a world of no thought to their own. Corozon had struggled with the thought of him crossing, though she would not allow her emotional attachments to be the catalyst for denying him to assist his own queen, Corozon, in the only way he knew he could. 
As she watch him vanish from sight, she and Crystabella then swiftly fly in the direction of thy Clearing. Corozon would guide thy people into pure of mind, and not the untold. She would continue her calling, as what she had to believe was only ever to be Tatiana’s temporary replacement.



Fight the encounter
of restless perception
Never resign
or admit ill suspicion
See through the fable
of mind’s vicious heed
Stand strong in thy feeling
of full hearted feed
Listen in silence
so thy truth may be heard
Protect with love’s essence
and honest of word  


Chapter Four
DEFEND

To be defeated is only a fable in which one may tell of oneself. 
I will try, and I will try again, though never shall I call it failure. 
I am simply one step closer to thy truth.

The day’s first light reflected off the cold and mirrored waters of Tranquillo River. It was much quieter than the norm, for within the darkened hours of thy morning’s breath she had turned. Thy Great Mother’s cool breezes of autumn’s time were whispering on cooler breezes of winter’s term. Snowflakes were falling across thy lands, bringing a fine pearl layer of powder upon all its view outside. 
It was also the morning of thy full moon gone, and unfortunately, there had been no more to reveal of thy queen, besides that of which they already knew. Lyric, Malaika, alongside thirty-four other divine fae, had compromised their states of pure mind for the sake of finding Tatiana. They’d begun their night’s venture in the forests of Fageda d’en Jorda. From there they spread out through the streets, the shores, and the surrounding regions of Barcelona. All still of faerie stature, and all remaining hidden from human form. The strong of mind never succumbing to the effects of thy full moon. Regrettably, none had neither found nor felt any such energy of their true queen. 
Once sighting the rise of Earth’s morning star, they’d each then made their way back into thy realm of faerie heart.

Now all had arrived home safely, and all were on their way to Tatiana’s – if they weren’t there already. Well, all except that is… Lyric. 
Corozon and Malaika stood at the river’s border; they awaited his intended return. Corozon was beginning to worry, as her mind sank into suspicion. Then, with heavy heart held of what may have been; there, before their eyes flew Lyric. He tore out from thy aperture’s blur. His energy was one of frenzy. Did anyone? He asked in mind’s thought. The look on his face could have broken anyone’s heart.
“No Lyric, no one.” Corozon solemnly replied.

~•*•~

Standing on the cliff, overlooking thy aperture stood a being that thought himself better than any other. A being whom Corozon had not heard from since their morning of confrontation. 
Edan had found out of their plans to cross into Earth, and he wanted nothing more than for all to hold complete and utter failure when it came to finding their endearing queen.

So be it none had seen he in three weeks of passing, and yet he had most definitely seen thee. Keeping at a distance so that no one knew of his lingering presence, he’d watched every happening within the lands of Feather Vale. He desired to know all, and if there was something he’d not been able to get close enough to, then he was sure to have someone who could.

~•*•~

Thirty-four faeries were aimlessly seated in thy heart of Tatiana’s home. Some sat on the spiraling staircase that adhered to the grand column in the very center, while others were swaying their legs from the sides of thy wooded sky paths. And well… basically, they were settled wherever they could find themselves comfortable. They were all awaiting the three who were missing. 
Crystabella was busy running back and forth from the morning chamber, trying to breathe a little life back into all. She offered sunblest tea and homemade baked treats.
It had been a night of unfavorable outcome, and all were especially exhausted. Even so… the questions that swayed between most of their lips, and most definitely through all of their minds were of thunder… what was to come of thy revelations, that all were held of no find? And what was to be their following motion, if any motion were now to be sought?

Still awaiting thy compelling Corozon, thy devoted Malaika, and thy honorable Lyric, all began to further tire as weakened yawns were spread throughout. The occasional snore could already be heard from the few who’d held their eyes open for as long as was possible. Mind you, their restful sleep of dreary dream would last but a very few winks. 
Whack! 
One of the grand doors into Tatiana’s chateau had been swung open with such force that it near knocked a fellow faerie out, slamming into the stone faced wall.
“Sorry, Briar,” Lyric apologize as he quickly turn to note the fae who’d leapt to the air just in time. 
All of thy faeries were now wide-awake and alert. Not only from the brunt of thy door, but from the bitter chilled breeze that had followed him through. The winds had picked up, and the snow was now falling of more weight. However, if the crack of the door, or the snap of the frost did not wake them, then Lyric was most definitely about to do so as he shout, “Does anyone have anything to tell us? Anything – at – all! A whisper of her name, a sense of her spirit, a glimpse of hope in any shape or form?”
Corozon and Malaika were standing behind him, still in placement of the imposing doorframe. Corozon was already well aware that none had any such news to tell, though dear Lyric was having a harder time believing this. “Someone must know something! Someone had to have seen something… felt anything! Come on… please… anything.” His last words wafting to almost no sound.
Complete silence exhaled, for what seemed to be endless in breaths. Corozon then break the lull, as she step forth speaking thou next measures. “I feel your exhaustion from the long night dissolved; and to each of you, I am eternally grateful, as is your rightful queen. I feel your agitation, and your concern, just as I can hear all of your queries. Is she still alive? Yes. I must believe that she is. My intuition tells me no different, and I will never deny the knowledge of that second sight. As to whether she is well, for we all know of how she was last sighted. Well… after asking myself this too many times to count; again, I have to believe she’s in good health. We have led through a night of no answer – true. Though this does not mean defeat of any kind. This does not mean that we choose to lose hope. What it means is this… we have accomplished our journey’s first paces, to a place in which, will, uncover thy truth. To a place in which we will find our faerie queen.”
Corozon doth explain that on thy following full moon they would try again… and the one after that if need be. Everyone simply nod. They were all too jaded and worn to contend. Not that any would want to, they were just tired, and needed rest; just as thy moon had to fall behind the horizon. 

~•*•~

Crystabella on the other hand was still wide-eyed like that of an owl. She had so many questions she wanted to ask, but knew that they would have to wait. 

Once directing all exhausted bodies into the guestrooms of north and south, the four whom held the closest friendships to that of Tatiana, besides their beloved Kailen, God rest his soul; met within the parlor on the bottom level of thy north wing. This had always been Tatiana’s favorite room. 
Stepping within its space, the feel was so different without the warmth of Tatiana’s presence indulging its very core. The fireplace was unlit, her Prussian blue armchair, amongst all other fixtures, had gathered a fine lining of silvery dust. It shone like a blanket of glistening stars as the morning sun glared through the window.

Settling himself on the pale blue window seat, Lyric looked out through the large bay windows. He was amusing oneself with a single bead of light on the opposite side of the glass, much like it were dancing. His mind was so beclouded. 
The strong winds of the winter’s cold had calmed, and it was quiet for all he could see. The trees stood still within the crisp of the snowfall’s fleece. The occasional drafted breath could just be heard singing through the hollows and chambers of the forests intrinsic paths. A mother deer and her fawn leapt across the open gardens that now cover in white. Still, and quiet, was always to be expected upon the days of winter’s charm, especially upon thy morning’s that followed a full moon. 

Staring out into the stillness, a single winter Blue Jay flew up to the glass directly in front. Her colors were brilliant and bold, reminding Lyric of Tatiana’s blue tresses. The bird was softening her every wave as she gently place herself upon the window ledge. She slipped slightly as she landed, though held her gaze strongly upon Lyric. Placing the palm of his hand to the glass, Lyric whispered. “Where are you my queen? Where… and why can I not sense you just as I have always done?”
Gently the Blue Jay ascended. She’d not risen far when all of a sudden, she jerk. She looked confused. Flying back towards the window at a nimble and careless speed, she struck the glass hard, falling to thy bottom ledge once more. She lay there not moving. When she did try to rise, she fell again. She was hurt and disorientated from the blow. Lyric extended his fingers, the palm of his hand flat against the base of thy window. He focused his attentions, sending untainted healing energy into thy bird of blue beauty. Within less than a heart’s beating, she was back on her wee legs with eyes of thankful smile. She hopped about. It seemed her wings were a little frozen. She sharply snapped them out. Finding her balance, she tried shaking herself out of flightless fever. Thankfully, she soon found her stability, and was flying off into the dawn of the new winter’s day. Lyric watched on as she united with another Blue Jay who’d suddenly appeared on the branch of an old oak.

~•*•~

Beside the hard crack from when the Blue Jay hit the window, and the crackling of firewood that Corozon had since brought to life; there was no further sound in the breadth of thy room. Corozon sat on the plush rug, not too far afront of thy wooded fire. The spirited blaze burning a warm cloak about the room, filling their souls with comfort.

“She was struck by a large vehicle wasn’t she? He left her lying there upon the ground to die… didn’t he? He left her there not knowing who she was. She was alone. She had no one to help her heal.”
Lyric abruptly broke the silence with a bellow of rambling. He looked over at Corozon. She sat up straight, intrigued. “What are you getting at, Lyric. This we all know.”
“You can’t feel, Tat. I can’t feel, Tat. Because she is no longer our Tatiana. She has no understanding of who she is. She is in a state of delirium. She is still stumbling, and most definitely cannot fly.”
“Yes, we understand that.” Corozon gazed at him with question. “Where is this going?”
“If Tatiana was placed under a spell upon earthly plains, we have no certainty how the spell may have impeded her. True?”
Corozon agreed with an eyes glance of acknowledgement. It was obvious that Lyric’s mind had begun to run circles around itself. His wings of energy were infusing of white and indigo. Splashes of orange flickered throughout as he spoke. He was no longer allowing the fear and loss to overwhelm, and although his mind was running circles, he also believed he was seeing clearer than he had the entire span of thy passing month. Thus Corozon listened with no further interruption.
“Crystabella. Edan is of the water element, is he not?” Staring across the room at her, awaiting an answer. “Crystabella… hello in there… did you hear me?”
Crystabella said nothing, instead only gaze at the floor below. She’d placed herself, cross-legged upon the red, full cushioned sofa. It was obvious she was lost in her own forms of deep thought. Again, Lyric tried to grasp her attention, speaking her name in a much slower tone.
“Cry-sta-bell-a.” 
This time she sanctioned she’d heard, as slowly she lift her head. “Yes, Ly-ric. How can I help you?” She answered in a slow sarcastic pitch.
“I had asked whether Edan’s elemental power was of water?”
She cocked her head slightly to the right. “Yeh – it is. Why?”
Lyric went on to explain. He gave voice to his struggled thoughts on how Edan could even cast such a spell over Tatiana while on thy earthly realm? How was it even possible, considering that once they crossed the midway point of the aperture, their powers were impaired, besides that of their elemental? He then went on to explain that he had also lied to a degree. It turned out that Lyric had been able to feel the energy essence of Tatiana for the past two weeks, though he could never get a direct sense of where it came. It was so muddled and distorted. He’d tried so hard throughout the night just past, but could find nothing more concrete. For the briefest of moment, Lyric thought he’d felt her in the last few glimpses of thy morning’s night. Regrettably, in less than three waves of a butterfly’s wing, her scent of essence was again gone.
He’d tried to close his eyes and fall into deep reflection. He tried to see through his love’s tender eyes. This was something Tatiana had taught him centuries before, for she and Lyric spent so much time apart. But… nothing!
Lyric then find pieces of unobstructed clarity. “The spell! It has been entangled within his power of water. He has imprisoned her mind in frozen cage, her memory lost in icebound time.”	
Lyric gazed upon Crystabella as though he were looking for more answer. Corozon and Malaika understood what he was suggesting. Crystabella too knew where this was heading.
The only ones able to reverse a spell of water on Earth would be that of another who is of waters strength. Crystabella was already beginning to feel an ailment of fearful ache within the pit of her stomach. 
Corozon turned one’s eyes, “Crystabella, do you understand what this means?”
She was of no answer.
“Crystabella. When we find Tatiana, it could be you who may unlock her memory.” Corozon a little enthused.
“No, I couldn’t. None of us can. Unless of course, you know the spell?”
“No, I don’t.” Corozon feeling a little dismayed by her reply. “But, I kind of like to believe that with enough true power of heart, and as it has been pointed out – a strong power of water – then… does it not give us hope?”
There was a long pause, before Crystabella’s following words, completely threw them. “Please do not ask me to cross. I vowed to never cross again. Too many unforgivable acts of my past lay there.” 
Corozon attempted to presume why she spoke such confounded thought. “Sweetheart, you do not place blame upon yourself for Edan’s actions do you? Who you believe yourself to love does not mean that you must convict your own soul. Just think… because of the love you held for him, how close the two of you were; there is no other who understands him better or that could unravel the spell he spoke to have Tatiana condemned. ”
Crystabella buried her face into the palms of her hands. A single tear shed. A tear in which had been holding since Edan made choice to run. Corozon’s words stung more ways than even she could have seen coming. Crystabella believed she’d moved past the horrendous events of all those moons ago. She’d thought she believed, and had even come to fool Tatiana into believing that she’d forgiven herself. There was a point where she’d come to believe she no longer required the affection of Edan in order to feel worthy. She had come to an understanding and belief within that she was of strength, that she was of courage, and that she was worthy of not only others love, but more importantly, the love of oneself. Though all she thought she believed… it was fallacy. Her friends needed her right now. Tatiana needed her right now. And yet once again she was too lost in her own pain and suffering to see any further. The one senseless thought that swim frantically about her heavy mind – Edan. She kept fooling herself. If only Edan were here to hold me. All the confusion would just melt away. They will never understand. I know he loves me – regardless.
Even with all that had happened over the passing weeks; she still held onto, and falsely believed in the love that she and Edan claimed true. She allowed herself to believe that there was more to the story than Corozon and all others knew. She had to believe this, or else she was the fool of all fools, falling for his entanglement of lies and deceit – again – just as she’d always done. Crystabella’s mind wore away at her soul. She was caught in a battle of what she should believe versus that of which she should not. They just won’t accept anything, but what they have already chosen to see. But what if it is I, who again, does not see? What if… No, I know he loves me. 

Crystabella stood to her feet, her fingers slowly curling inwards to a fist, while her every muscle strained. Corozon will never see! With her head still facing the floor, she spoke in a soft but gradual tone. “Corozon, you don’t understand. Tatiana is the only one who understood. She knew the whole truth, and still she made no judgment on me for it.”
She lifted her head to finally look Corozon directly in the eyes. She could see the ill perceptions that Corozon was holding onto. No tongue made, though the mind thoughts were still there. Or was this Crystabella’s own judgment placed upon herself? Maybe it was only her guilty conscience getting the better of her? Crystabella’s wings were turning a violent red with shards of pale aqua scorching through her spirit’s structure. Her voice becoming harsher with each word shred. “I can see that look in your eyes. You already make judgment on me, don’t you? Because I say that I cannot do as you ask, you think me selfish. I understand why you ask me, but you do not understand why I say no. Tatiana would understand. She would not beg of me to do anything I was not comfortable of doing!”
Corozon, Lyric, and Malaika were speechless. They knew not of where any of this came from? They each stare in bewildered quiet. Without moving a shred, Lyric shifted his eyes, glaring his troubled concern. His words were for Corozon only. Please tell me you have some idea what she is going on about? Though Corozon’s knowledge was of no more than that of his own. She shake her head just slightly, while her eyes speak the same troubled concern.
“Crystabella,” Corozon spoke in whisper. Someone had to say something. The silence was deafening, and dragging out far too long. “Crystabella. I was not begging of you to do anything. Though you are right. I don’t understand. I don’t seem to understand many things. There are obviously some deep-seated issues at play here. You should know… I would never have you do anything that you did not want to do. I can always ask another one of thy water faerie’s to assist us in reversing the spell.” She paused. Corozon was feeling for her friend, but she was also a touch frustrated with her. How could she deny saving Tatiana? It made more than no sense to herself. Therefore, she did not mean to speak her next words so harsh… they just slipped. “So Crysa, please snap out of this unnecessary notion. We need to focus on the big picture here. We need to focus on having Tatiana return to her rightful place.” 
The look of sheer temper flared from within Crystabella’s core. “Snap out of my unnecessary notion? What would you know about unnecessary notion! You live life as though it were golden. Well, I hate to rain on your parade, but it’s not always flowers and stars. Sometimes we are dealt a hand we may not want, though have no choice but to play.”
“Crysa. You always have a choice! You know that.”
Corozon may have been right. However, with guilt surging her veins, feelings of loathsome thought strained, alongside the self-pity possessed… Crystabella could not see clear. 
Realizing how wrong she was for snapping, and having the words of Tatiana in mind ‘nothing is resolved in moments of anger’ Corozon pacified the questions that trailed. “I’m so sorry for reacting. Is there anything I, or we can help with? Please let us help. Please explain why you feel the way you do? Please tell me what it is that I do not understand? Why you feel such guilt?”
Corozon was so conflicted and confused. How did their conversations go from one of possible revelation to fiery frustration?
Crystabella scream, “Why I feel guilt?” Her every word then built of fire and pain. Anger screaming from every cell in her body as her words of no belief and spiteful speech then cast a harmful thorn. “I feel no guilt! Why should I feel guilty? And even if that were true, you would know none of where it came. You would never know of where it came. You would never understand. You have nowhere near as much compassion as Tatiana. You are of nowhere near the queen that Tatiana was! You – will – never – compare!”
A shard of sharp and hurtful blade then tore through Corozon’s center. Her heart break with the vicious remark that had expelled with such ease from Crystabella’s gate of word. 
Malaika stepped forward from the stone wall he’d been leaning against. “Listen Crystabella. I won’t pretend that you aren’t hurting, for whatever reason it may be. I most definitely won’t pretend to understand, even though we can all see the pain you are holding onto within. I’m sorry you feel so hurt. But what I also won’t pretend to do… is not hear the words you just spoke. Do you think Corozon desired to be in this position? Has she ever pretended to be anything more than what she is? Place guilt and hurt upon your own self – fine! But don’t you dare go place your ill perceptions upon her. She is only trying to do what’s right by everyone concerned.” 
Feeling cornered and incredibly sorry for herself, Crystabella was already fleeting from the room, tears streaming down her face. Reaching the entry column, and just before she disappeared from eye’s view, she turned and added in fury. “And don’t you ever call me Crysa, Corozon. Tat was the only one to ever call me that!”
Then she was gone. 

They could hear the grand doors of the front entrance being opened, just as they heard them shut thereafter. Corozon went to follow. Lyric sprung from his feet, catching Corozon by the arm before she flew any further. “Leave her be.”
“But she needs me. She’s alone. She is lost in whatever world of mind torment she places upon herself. Lyric, she needs me. Tat would never have let it get to this.”
Corozon then fall to her knees in tortured strain. She dropped forward, her forehead pressed against the floor. “Actually, she doesn’t need me. She needs Tatiana.”
Lyric tried to ease the burden she was feeling within. “Crystabella will be okay. She is stronger than she believe herself to be. She only needs time to reflect, and with time, she will allow you to help. She will open up to what holds her in that place. She will allow her heart speak her truths. Her heart will bring her back to us, Corozon. And remember… did Tatiana not have to let go some of her own hold years ago when Edan first came onto the chart? Leave her be. She will be back. I promise. You will see.”
There may have been truth in his words, though it did not help her shake the feeling that she’d failed. She failed her responsibilities. She failed Tatiana to some degree. Something within told her this was just the beginning, and she struggle with the thought that she should have seen this coming – long before it had even arisen. 

Malaika placed his hand on Lyric’s back, requesting that he take over from here. He could see Corozon’s mind ticking over, and he knew just as he always knew, that no words would ease her mind of gray. As always, this had to be done in her own time. For now, he would simply scoop one arm beneath her knees, the other behind her back. He lifted her up, and held her close to his chest. “We need to rest, my queen. We’ll head home. The emotions of thy night have simply got the better of us. All will be as it should be. You taught me that.”
He then gave his thanks to Lyric, before taking to the skies with Corozon in arm. It was time she had some sleep.

~•*•~

Lyric had trouble sleeping that day, and of the night that came thereafter. It turned out Corozon did also. She was being woken in frightful vision, in painful dream. These dreams may have altered over the weeks gone past, but they were no less confronting or disturbing than the others before.

Crystabella on the other hand, slept a full day’s rest. However, she would not be seen again for the remainder of thy month to follow. Her mind riddled with too much wrongful conscience that she dare not save face out of scrutiny. As with, she was comfortable where she hold in thy present. She was in the one place that she’d once again come to believe was where she belonged. The only place she felt of any worth within her broken thoughts, within her mind’s painful confusion.
She was held in Edan’s arms.
Though had she ever really left?



Embrace every moment
For the blessing it be
Allow not the question
To shadow hearts see
Bring forth every whisper
To now be of heard
A respect of hearts longing
To be spoken of word
Dare not thee be feared
Of journey’s undreamed
For the venture may bring
Hearts truth past redeemed
For a story be told
Of passionate sound
Of hearts hungered glory
A charmed life be it found


Chapter Five
INCEPTION

There is magic in the belief, of all that is unseen.

Rubbing back and forth about the band around her right middle finger; she close her eyes, losing herself in visions of forests abound of desirable blue roses, vibrant tulips, and trees that bare leaves of splendid silver. Shaking herself out of what she had to consider was of delusional mind, Tatiana open her eyes and look down upon the extraordinarily fine beauty that set so natural upon her hand. She may have pretended to believe that the images were nothing more than just visions of illusion, but she knew that this piece of jewelry was going to bring her something of more. It was the only thing she had left after the accident, and she was certain it would unlock the chains that held her memories lost. 
A ring: an exquisite and unbelievably extravagant ring like no other. Its band was crafted of the finest sterling silver, and at the center top, a rose. A rose that spanned the width of almost two of her long, slender fingers. Though it was what it were made of that rendered it ever more precious. Each delicately placed petal was made of fine unheated rich blue sapphire. Finer strikes of diamond held in elegant poise throughout. A feeling of magic and charm felt deep within, each time she slipped it on her finger. The very truth of the ring being much more than any could possibly ever imagine.

~•*•~

Over the days and nights that eventually ran into several weeks, Tatiana had been instructed that she was not to leave the confines of the hospital. She’d gained much attention from those in the medical world. Her recovery was one in which astounded even the most renowned surgeons of the earthly world. Test after test was performed, and yet test after test still gave them no answers. More and more coming to believe of the miracle behind her recovery. 

You must remember, that although Tatiana is a faerie, a faerie is no different in physical body than that of a human. They are still of flesh, of mind, of heart, of every organ existing in man. Their stature of no more than a ruler’s length, and their wings of energies forces, the only things that differed the two species. And as it was to be, the spell of forbidden lost, of life’s life, was cast upon lands of earth, and whilst she was of human stature. Therefore, it had somehow cemented her in human form. She would from that moment onwards, always exist of human appearance, until such time she came to remember, giving full acknowledgment and acceptance to her true origins.

~•*•~

The weeks in which bound her to thy hospital, had allowed Tatiana and Julian to become much closer. Julian refused to leave her side, even in her moments of feared confusion, when she’d ask him to leave, and to never look back. She struggled to understand why such a beautiful and well-established man would want to remain? Why would he want to help a woman he had no recognition or knowledge of? Each day that passed became easier to ingest the thoughts that she may never remember anything of her past. Just as she gradually came to accept that Julian had made a commitment. He would guard her with his life. Her fears slowly faded as she made the conscious choice to enjoy her present days, instead of mulling over what once was, or could have been. 
There had been a few occasions where Julian snuck Tatiana out of the hospital, to enjoy the sights of her newfound world. Smiles and laughter was always to be had in Julian’s presence. He became her comfort, and in a sense, he became her home. The only place she felt at peace.

What she learnt of Julian, was this… 
He was an only child who had lost his parents in a terrible accident when he was barely nine years old. He was raised in foster care, moving from home to home. He had learnt to grow up very quickly, and soon founded the belief that he would never allow his misfortunes dictate his fates design. He diligently worked his way through education with a determination second to none. In his late teens he was then blessed to have met a very wealthy man. This man took him under his wings, teaching him the ropes of business and success beyond his wildest dreams. A man who also taught him of gratitude and respect on many levels. A man who taught him of his truth. Julian became a man of grand stature.
Some years thereafter, Julian was then his own incredible wealth of fortune, both externally, and internally. He became the youngest man to earn of such wealth, as the owner and Chief Executive Officer for some of the most exclusive resorts around the West Coast of America, Asia, and the South Pacific regions. Alongside many other small but very fortunate business ventures that is. 
Julian had in fact considered moving into the European market, and had spent two weeks inspecting the possibilities of Greece, Italy, and France. It had been whilst on his business venture exploring and meeting with prospective clients, that some close friends of his had called. Friends that happened to be in Barcelona at that time on holiday. They’d invited him to join them for a brief stay before he returned home to America. Then, as it turned out, after dinner that one fine evening, he was overcome with a persistent feeling that he must unwind with a few quiet drinks on his own. His feet, his unrelenting mind of chatter, or was it something of a higher power that led him into the Oceano Club?
It was there he’d then danced with what was soon to be his future, with who had already become his every breaths longing. 
Now any sane person would have run in the other direction as soon as they could. For in truth, she was not of his concern. At least, she wasn’t some weeks ago. Now, however, this was most certainly not the case. She was more than his concern now… she was his destiny.
If only he knew just what he was getting himself into, maybe he’d have had second thoughts.

~•*•~

The time of restrained existence, it arose, and now it had passed. Surprisingly, it flew by before any were aware, as Dr. Mario Montez finally grant Tatiana the right to leave. She had surpassed all examinations, her physical body in perfect condition. It was only to be her mind that then dwelled in the obscurity of silence. As far as all understood, Julian was her husband, thus her mental state would be in safe hands. Even so, Montez did instruct that she should continue with the psychotherapy, once she was back and settled in her home environment. He tried to reassure them that with time, it was still possible for her memory to come back.

The departure of Tatiana from the hospital was a joyous, and yet a saddened farewell for the staff of Hospital Vall d'Hebron. Tatiana had become not only a patient over the weeks she’d been there, but an endearing and entrusted friend. One in whom they each found their own sense of comfort and inspiring stir within whenever they were near. Her nature’s essence of pure love filled all their hearts. Her every word and gesture of gratification and non-judgment, became a daily desire for all who’d come across her path. There was something about this woman that you could not help but love. 
Many in her situation would have dwelled in the darkness of no understanding or knowledge of one’s self. Yet she did not. She chose to see light instead of dark… possibility instead of unfeasibility… hope instead of hopelessness. She continually reminded Julian, and all others, of how incredibly grateful she was for the simple fact that her heart beat. For the simple fact that she could see with her eyes, smell the aromas and vivid scents of each morning rise. She was thankful for the warmth of the golden sun upon her face that shone through the diamond paned windows of her hospital room, and for each of their divine selves also. She felt blessed to have met such beautiful souls in whom she could now call her friends. She loved and respected everyone, both the known and the unknown, the seen and the unseen. How or why? That simply added to her thousands of questions unanswered, though she need not know. She simply accepted it for what it was, undoubtedly knowing no other way. 
You see, Tatiana may not have been able to consciously recall anything of her true self, who she was, or where she came from; but her soul did. The true essence of who she was could never be lost. She was an empress, believing still, that all beings were of divine beauty. Tatiana would carry out her life, just as her heart’s unspoken truth desired. Her words would remain her honor, her love her endearing essence. 

As for her love of Julian? That had become somewhat heightened and very different to the love she felt for all others. It was a love of such deep respect. In the beginning, he was as much a stranger to her as she was to herself. Though she now knew more of him than she knew of the woman who held her reflection in thy mirror. She knew of his integrity, and his heart so bold and true. She knew that the feelings he held for her were of more truth than any. She also knew that during the weeks spent in his company, she’d grown a deeper, more desirable love for him; that again, she dare not deny. She would miss him when he was not near, and somehow, she even missed him when he was. Thus, leaving the hospital hand in hand with Julian, it felt incomparably natural. She would not ask question, of the how, the what, or the why. The when? Well, that was obvious. The where? He had already explained. As for who? She felt she knew him well enough. She trusted Julian unknowingly and yet knowingly all the same.

~•*•~

Boarding the Challenger 604, Julian’s private jet, Tatiana felt a twinge of nerves signal, while her stomach churn in strain. How could she not? She was in safe guard when in the confinements of her room, always surrounded by those she’d come to know. Even the few excursions where they’d crept silently out into the world; she was still free from harm in the very thought that she’d soon return to her safe haven. Now, it was just he and she. Now she was stepping forth into her new world.

One foot forward, then the next, Tatiana reminded herself as she maneuvered her way through the front galley and large cabin. Julian directed her to a window seat. She sat down slowly into the cream leather berthable seat. This was foreign. This was most definitely something and somewhere in which she had never been. Her memory may have been presently unforgiving, though she was certain that she’d never stepped foot into anything of its kind before. Mind you, this is how all felt. Everywhere she looked, and every place she take a new step, she was moving forward into unknown territory. There was nothing she know of this world. There was nothing she know of herself.
“Are you okay, my love?”
Julian taking a seat beside her, reaching for Tatiana’s hand. He squeezed it just lightly, caressing the back of her hand with slight strokes of his middle finger. This always seemed to calm her somehow. 
“I’m fine. Just nerves.”
Was she trying to reassure Julian, or herself?
“I’m here my love, and I shall be here for as long as you need. That is a promise.”
His assurance brought the most genuine and gentle smile to her face. She was going to be fine. She was going to be better than fine. This was simply an adventure of new. One in which would open her eyes in ways she could never imagine.

Just as the plane was set to take off, the pilot spoke across the intercom. 
“Good evening, this is your captain speaking. Welcome aboard. We will be taking off very shortly, making our way to Fort Myers, South Florida. We will need to refuel midway, therefore we shall be descending for a brief stopover…” 
The captain’s voice then becoming a blur, as Tatiana knew of nothing in which he spoke, as he brief them on winds, speed, and visibility. Instead, she just looked out of the window and imagined what her life now had in store. To her untold life she was now most definitely bound. 

~•*•~

Once safely landed, they were then in a car, on their way to her new home, located on the Gulf Shore of Naples. It was less than an hour’s drive. Though the drive could have been ten hours and Tatiana would not have noticed the difference. Between the exhaustion, and the unfamiliar of her new world, she knew not of her left from right at that point in time.

Julian’s home was an exclusive and completely private piece of tranquility; a luxurious and tropical haven that was within steps of the beach. The main house was of grand style, but open and welcoming too. Southern pine ceilings of undetermined height, and richly colored floorboards set through the entire house. A stately room at the forefront of thy home was more than impressive in size. There was a large fireplace burning majestically on the far right side, while embracing either side of the ignited sea sat voluptuous lounges that looked oh so inviting. To the left, a gourmet kitchen with polished marble settings, and through the back open glass doors, another dwelling all its own. All areas seemingly merging with one another as the outsides natural elements meld gently within and around the terraces and pavilions. 

The skies were still dark and Tatiana was not to be the only one experiencing the deliriums of exhaustion. Julian too was extremely tired, and wanted nothing more than to rest his weary eyes. He motioned Tatiana up from the lounge in which she had already found and laid upon within moments of arriving. She was incredibly hungry also, though was far too tired to even consider eating. Turning onto her side, she tried to ignore Julian’s first request. He was persistent. Eventually, she extended her arm, coercing Julian to help her to her feet. As he pulled her upward, she was hauled forward into Julian’s arms. Through jaded eyes of worn and fatigue, she focused her every attention into the abysmal depth of his most exquisite blue eyes. She fall deeper and farther into his grasp. There were many a nights that dawned on the arousal, where the threshold of their lips would almost break through the tension. This night was no different. They stood there for what seemed like evermore. His every breath felt on the surface of her lips, his heartbeat felt strong against that of her own. Then as his hand rise to lull her every thought, he lift his chin and kiss her gently upon the forehead. He would rest in his honor as a gentleman, as he pull away yet again; just as he always did at the very last second, never allowing the emotions of sensual charm to take charge. 

Out through the back folding doors they then slipped. Julian held her hand, leading the way to the guesthouse, which stood in the back right hand corner. It was just as magnificent as the main house, with solid wood furnishings, cathedral ceilings, a grand and lavish bathroom, and a bed, majestic in size and comfort. A quaint kitchen also stand to the back end of thy polished floors. Not that Tatiana cared for any of which she saw. She was simply counting her blessings for having had such a divine man take her into his home and into his life as Julian had. She was even more grateful right now for the bed. She walked over to it with a colossal amount of enthusiasm, slumped face first into its plush pillows, and sighed of pleasant relief. This made Julian smile.
“Fit for a queen,” he remarked.
She flipped onto her back, pushing herself up onto her elbows. “Sorry. What did you say?”
“Fit for a queen,” Julian repeated his words.
“Hmm… that’s what I thought you said.”
Thinking that he’d said something wrong, he stepped towards the bed, seating himself beside where she now lay, her head back down upon the white crisp pillows of heavenly comfort. She stared up at the ceiling, recalling the words in which she heard that first day. The words that had been spoken by an angel’s voice ‘Calm my queen.’ Words and a voice in which she would never forget. 
“Are you okay, Tatiana?”
“I am, I think.”
“I’ll be right across the walkway if you need me. My room is just down the hallway to the right of the kitchen.”
Just as Julian went to stand, Tatiana took him by the hand, asking that he stay. She didn’t think she was quite ready to spend a night on her own, especially in the unfamiliarity of her new surroundings. Julian was more than happy to oblige. “Absolutely, mi amor.”  
Julian then leaned back, stroking the side of her face, placing Tatiana into the tranquility of sleep. Her every thought was soon one of fade. 
It didn’t take long before both Tatiana, and then Julian had fallen into peaceful slumber. A night so sound that Tatiana did not move, did not whimper, nor did she dream. She just lay in Julian’s arms for what was to be the first of many to come just the same.

~•*•~

The day to arise was a day of wonder and new experience for Tatiana. However, it was also a day that would not begin until the sun was almost to the center-most place of the azure above. 
Julian on the other hand had been awake for several hours. He had much work to catch up on, spending most of the morning in his study making phone calls and sending out emails. Come thy midday sun, Julian had asked Joseph to prepare a light brunch upon the guesthouse terrace.

Joseph was an older man, though he was of a power and nimbleness like that of a man half his age. His mind and spirit were of such depth and understanding. It was hard to believe that he were as he were, where he were, and not out making a bigger life for that of his own, instead of serving another. Well, that is how many may have seen it with closed eyes. When in fact it was Joseph who had saved Julian all those years ago, for Joseph was the man who he’d met in his late teens. The gentleman who had nurtured him into the man he is today. 
Unfortunately, Joseph had fallen on misfortune when he’d placed a substantial amount of money into a business plan that turned out to be a scam. His generous and trusting nature was what eventually brought him into financial ruins, putting him into bankruptcy, and in a place where he’d lost absolutely everything. 
Then, a chance meeting, or was it by thou hand of fate? One late afternoon while on his daily run, Julian ran into Joseph. He was seated on the boardwalk, not too far from Julian’s very home. After hearing of all that happened, Julian urged Joseph to come and stay with him. 
Joseph was a proud man, who counted all of thy blessings. He agreed to reside with Julian, on the condition he find purpose by overseeing the reigns of his home. The rest is history. 
Julian saw him as a dear and entrusted friend of equal, who in many ways also became like that of the father he’d long lost. The news of Tatiana’s arrival into their home did not come as a surprise to Joseph.  He knew all too well of Julian’s own genuine and gentle persona. Alongside his lustful words expressed – none of which lay before him came as a surprise, whatsoever. In fact, Joseph had long seen this coming.

“Tatiana… Tatiana.”
Julian spoke quiet, like the kind and gentle breeze of a midsummer’s day. He was rubbing her shoulders while he spoke. She stirred just slightly, before gently opening her eyes to the sweet sound of serenity, for that is just as Julian had become. 
“I have some fresh fruits and croissants. I thought you might be hungry. You barely ate on the plane.”
Slowly becoming aware of more than just Julian himself, Tatiana peered out the open doors. She sighted another standing by the outdoor dining suite, which was covered in fruits and pastries of every kind imaginable. An exquisite fresh bouquet of pale pink and faint violet lilies, in amongst an array of white tulips were set in the very center of the table. The violet hued lilies almost looking a touch blue from where she lay. She squirmed a little more before speaking of her deepest gratitude, and admitting that he was correct; she was starving. 
Julian introduced Tatiana to Joseph. The two shared a brief greeting and then he was rather quick to leave. However, Joseph did add with firm intent before his absolute exit from the terrace, “I look forward to getting to know you, Tatiana. The real you.”
The look within his eye was one of eagerness. Though it was the tone in which he’d made the comment that had both Tatiana and Julian look back upon him with questionable curiosity. It almost seemed he was referring to a recognition of some kind. However, this would be a topic of the following days ahead. 

Today was their day. Their day, to bathe in the pure pleasure of one another’s company, and to be out of thy guard of those white sterile walls. The ones that had become their home for coming on two months.

With Joseph well out of ear’s reach, Julian politely went on to explain of whom Joseph was and how he had come to be there. The two then continuing with fervent and nonsense conversation, as they always did. And as always, there were many a laughs to be had. At one point, Tatiana took in the beauty of the flowers before her, only to notice that one flower was out of place. It was not of a lily or a tulip, but of a rose. A single blue stemmed rose. She reached out to pull it from the bouquet. Though as her fingers made contact with the petals, she was immediately drawn into a vision of spectacular color and feel. A countryside of beauty and grace, like nothing she had yet seen here. Startled, she pulled back her hand, making the choice to disregard the illusion of mind, yet again. 
Placing attentions back on Julian, she took another mouthful of melon, forcing all other thoughts to be gone. Once both had eaten all that they possibly could, Julian then insisted that she get changed. 
“I made the liberty of having a friend of mine, Larissa, to fill the wardrobes of the latest and most elegant styles of clothing around. I do hope you approve.”
Tatiana only simper as her lips then graze swiftly and gently upon Julian’s. She stepped back, silent and in awe at the realization of what she had just done.
“Go… go get changed.” Julian relieving the moment with his take-charge attitude, while a smile of contentment placed seemingly across his face. 
Tatiana then turned on her heel, doing just as she was instructed, her own smile spreading the width of her flawless fine features. A smile that was as bright as the day’s rays, and as warm as the glow of its rising glory upon her skin. Julian then left her grace to freshen up. All the while, he ran off to finalize a few last minute things for their grand day ahead. 

As Tatiana stepped into the bathroom, she sighted yet another single blue rose. This one had been placed within a small vase of flowers upon the vanity. She looked at it with query before proceeding to get ready.
Over the coming weeks, Tatiana would continue to cast her eyes upon single stemmed blue roses. Some in which would turn up in the most inconceivable ways.

~•*•~

Julian had planned an entire day of new sights and sounds for thy beautiful empress, who had thankfully stepped amiss and placed her footing into his life. She brought a new sense of adventure, mysticism, and a love for life into his. One in which he could not ignore, and one in which he had never experienced before. Tatiana may have been seeing things for the first time, though he too was doing just the same.

Their first port of call: the beach. Julian guided Tatiana to the front of his home’s tropical oasis. This led them directly to the beach. Sinking her feet into the warmth of thy sand, she felt such genuine peace. She closed her eyes and breathed in the scents of the sea air. Julian found himself gaping at her beauty, as the breezes blow and gather beneath the delicate lower lining of her dress. Tatiana looked like a celestial being, God’s divine messenger of thy promised lands. She wore all white: a full-length dress of silk and fine cotton, with twin splits running the length of the skirt. He had absolute admiration for this endearing woman. Here she was, placing complete trust in a man she had known for no more than a story’s first few pages. 
Breaking her absence of sound and motion, Julian stepped behind her enchanting frame, placing his hands above her hips, grasping at her waist so gently. A slight jolt as she then came to realize that Julian was now standing behind her. He leant over her shoulder, pointing forward to the shoreline. There, at the very edge of divinity’s tears, was a charming, clean, white boat, much like that of a small fishing boat. Julian wanted their day to begin on the water. He wanted to paddle over the ocean’s gentle surf, into the stillness of the ocean’s briny deep; and then back inland through the waterways of the mangrove forests. All the while taking in Mother Nature’s own grace. 
Within moments of being on the water, a beautiful creature of the divine seas approached them ever so calmly. It was a dolphin. In and out of the calm and gracious waters he leap, all the while swimming near to the bow of the boat. He had even followed as they turned into the body of water that branched out through the mangroves. 
Manatees and herons were also to be seen in abundance. Drifting by the lower course of river that blend with the currents of the sea’s tide, Tatiana thought it were beautiful. The manatees, the heron, and now three silken dolphins played elegantly all about them. The dolphins were now soaring out from the water’s surface, performing it may have seemed, as they curve and spin, weave and intertwine with one another, and that of the boat. One such dolphin coming right up to the side of the boat by Tatiana, perking its head up, speaking as it do with its speech of whistle and clicks. It was like he were trying to communicate with her. Tatiana reached out her hand, placing it upon the dolphin’s head. She brush her hand back and forth across his smooth skin, feelings of love and tender regard consuming her entire essence. The words believe within were strumming loud within her mind. Believe what? She asked in conscious thought. Though she would have no answer, for these were the only words she would hear spoken, again, and again; until it be that she lift her hand from the dolphin. For then it stopped. 

Once back at shore, it was back up the beach to the roadside, where a car was awaiting their arrival. A young gentleman opened the door, bowing his head as both Julian and Tatiana stepped within. It was only a short drive; the car stopping in front of a grand three story building: the Naples Museum of Art. 
The Naples Museum of Art was renowned for its collection of world-class paintings and sculptures, alongside many other art forms. Julian had thought it be a nice idea, possibly one in which would awaken some senses. Julian had always thought art of every medium, to be of magic. He would look at a piece, and find himself delving into the emotions that may have been felt whilst the artist created their piece of powerful outward impression. He would also lose himself in the artistic expression that the artwork would bring out in him, as he begin constructing and designing his own images of emotional paint and picture in mind. 
It happened to be quiet at the museum on this particular day, which worked out perfect as far as Julian was concerned. They waltzed up and down the gallery’s floors, Tatiana wanting to view and reflect on almost every piece. She was finding this to be an enlightening experience. It was like she was opening her mind, to a plentiful of exquisite possibilities. With each moments passing, she gained another moment in which her gratitude and respect only grow for that of Julian. She was coming to understand that she really loved this man; no fear held. She trusted him with no answer needed and no question would ever be voiced as to why. He accepted her, fault of mind and all. It had become obvious that he desired her with no restriction. And in turn, she felt that she’d come to need him, though not of necessity or plea, but out of freedom. To be who she was, no questions asked. To have the ability to soar if she so pleased, and to shroud herself within a quiet veil of contentment when needed. She loved him, and she vowed then that she would never fly away.

~•*•~

From the serenity of the ocean’s calm, the play of its creatures divine; from the artistic creation of such splendor, and now, to the fanatical of the wild. Julian had brought Tatiana to the zoo. 
The Naples Zoo was built about the Carribean Gardens, which were bounding of botanical collections, an array of tropical plants and flowers. This it seemed was where Tatiana found herself feeling most at home, compared to all else. She wandered aimlessly, though with a sense of direction that held her in thy element. She was more content than he had ever seen her prior. Her spirits were high, and her natural nature for life’s beauty was more than apparent.
Julian remained silent for much of this excursion. He simply watched on as she take in every sight and sound that surround her. She interacted with the animals on a level that he did not understand. It was like she were conversing with them. Though as always, Julian held his thoughts to himself. Unusual and extraordinary things about Tatiana were becoming the norm, and for the time being, he would do no more than simply accept them.

~•*•~

Their day of blissful adventure and new experience was then brought back to the beach, to the front of Julian’s home. As the chauffeur opened the car door, Julian was already offering his hand. She stood, and as she looked out over the sandy shores, a single flicker of light could be seen. Julian led her towards where it came. The beauty of all she then behold was nothing short of breathtaking. One by one, a circuit of small bulbs then light up and around an archway that led into a spire of more. Flowering vines entwined all about the arbor. Then, within the very center, a table and two chairs covered in silver sheath. Upon the table sat three candles of different sizing, all melding together from the weeping of the wax that cascaded from one candle to the next. It was its own exquisite piece of artistic formation. 
Pulling out her chair, just as any gentleman would have done, Tatiana rested herself on thy seat. Julian then made his way about the table, and seated his own fine self opposite her. He reached out his hand seeking for that of Tatiana’s. 
Tonight was a night of full moon, a sphere of luminous energy. It shone across the outer face of the ocean like a promenade of dancers in surging movement within endless, graceful waves.

Joseph would then serve them a delicate cuisine from the grounds of Mother Earth herself. Julian was a vegetarian, and although Tatiana was of no recollection to what her own diet consist of, she was certain that she approved of all varied dishes he had always set before her. Never insisting on anything other. 

Feeling a swell of frenzied emotions within, she bite her tongue trying to cast aside the slow burn that was rising, and the fiery desire that tore beneath. She had prevailed against them for the last few hours, though was beginning to feel the brunt. All fierce emotions were being built on unstable floors. 
Her body thrived for Julian’s hands to hold more than just her five fingers grasp. She yearned his mouth to merge within the senses of her taste. 
Tatiana then stand. She leaned across the table, giving in momentarily to the temptation of her desires; her lips placed ever so lightly against his estuary of currents flavor. She breathed in his pleasing scent. Julian himself extracting the fever from the alluring distraction of trivial talk they had both come to speak. She nurtured his bottom lip, before skimming the rim of his mouth. Julian’s pulse was felt strong beneath Tatiana’s fingertips, as her hand hold his throat firm from when she first veered her ambition of lustful motive. The pulse then driven through his veins. And although this had been his very own thirst from that first moments meeting, it was Julian who would then pull back. “No, my love. Not here. Not now.”
Tatiana’s eyes had turned a glow of solid silver. Julian take a step backward keeping a concrete grasp of her hand. She didn’t understand. She was torn between the feelings of confusion and rejection. How could he not want me? She had been engulfed by the irrational influences of thy stately moon above. 
Without any thought, Tatiana propelled herself forward with brute strength, leaping to the air as though she were in flight. She wrapped her legs about him. She tore across the table with such urgency that the candles and dinner plates landed on the sandy floors. Her mind of ravenous and animal like behavior then taking charge. She tear at his shirt, her lips making their way down his godly physique. Julian ached for her body, a desire of which was unmatched to any he had ever felt. But as her lips return to his in aggressive motion, it was he who pulled back again. This time with much more force.
Taking firm grasp of her waist, he lifted her up and back at a short distance. He gently placed her to the ground. Still her eyes were aglow of solid silver while her every suggestion flowed like that of a tiger on heat. 
“Tatiana, I can’t. I won’t. Not yet.” 
An undeniable measure of affliction had then settled within her gaze. Julian becoming more than well aware that he had just displeased her, no more than he’d displeased himself. Though he would restrain himself, for now. 
It was his turn to be the aggressor, though one that was also of tender touch, not desirable kill as Tatiana’s seemed to be. With his hands still placed firmly about her waist, he pulled thy empress in and kissed her. Unlike that of the first, this kiss was of depth. It was of a much stronger emotion than just that of frenzied fever. It was of an emotion that would bond two souls in such a way that neither wanted to consider the thought of waking another single sunrise, one without the other. And with that one kiss, it brought Tatiana’s feet back to the sandy floors. It ground her soul beneath thy soils. The silver glow in her eyes slowly returning to its original shade of warmth; a coloring of soothing turquoise jewels. 
Julian was more than her peaceful place; he was her grounding. Through his energies, she would be calmed; she would remain of graceful center.

Tatiana and Julian had formed a trust of no boundary, as they simply allow fate’s path take its course. Lessons would still be learnt and much growth was still to be made. Though the one thing they were certain, beyond all comprehension, was that they would do it together.



Fierce of spirit
Fires of fury
Blazes lit
Flames swell in sea
Redundant heat
Coals of red
Burning mass
Of deeds thee dread
Ignited furnace
Destructive lights
Will peace befall
Or villain find fight
Hearts in break
Fueled energies ill
Explosions sparked
Hold truths at will


Chapter Six
INFERNO

Dark versus light. Fearful mind versus loves pure of heart. 
This shall always be your choice to name.

Smoke could be seen billowing out from behind the thicket of white winter trees, from within thy Woods of Soul. Birds soared from the covers and into the open of the late afternoon sun. The deer bound, the wolves run, and the squirrels scamper, alongside all other animals of the encompassing area. They break through the no certain paths of the forest floors, while fear and panic scorned through their every footed motion.
The people became a flutter of restless uproar, as the first to note the smog of the flame was Andreina. She’d screamed, “Fire!” from within the middlemost of all who’d already gathered about the sanctuary. They had been awaiting Corozon’s arrival for the night ahead of thy Moon Clearing. Though that would be a wait in which now be ended, as all thy faeries ascend to the skies, heading in the direction of where the smoke arise. 

Malaika, Lyric, and the honorable group of faeries who’d assembled for the world of man, where just about ready to cross. However, this night would not be spent on Earth, for their every presence was needed right where they were.  
“That’s coming from Tatiana’s home!” Lyric shouted in anguish, as all note the swell of gray and black cloud.
Immediately, the bold and brisk were leaving thou places of present post, making their way in the direction of fire.

~•*•~

Flying out at daring speed from within the woody perennials, Lyric’s breath break at all his eyes behold. Pulling himself to an abrupt stop, he extended his right arm, locking it in solid berth. Malaika collide with his strong handle, and gasp. “What the?” Lyric just nod forward. Malaika then further gasping at the sight that lay across the Tranquillo River. 

Within the grounds of winter’s snow, fires burnt in fury. Their queen’s home was falling in on itself as ceilings were severed, and balconies collapsed. The crackle and crack of all within, fall beneath what was. There was so much damage already brought about, was there anything left to save? 
Drifting still in displeasing hearts waver, they gaze at the spectacle of faeries darting back and forth through the fires and winter chill. All were trying to save what they could of Tatiana’s precious valuables. While others were already sweeping away at the river’s ice-cold water, showering it upon the distressed display of flames and heated embers. 
Alas, no sooner was the blazing combustion being extinguished, that all was then once more alight. 
BOOM!
The deep hollow sound of the explosion carried through the breezes and echoed within the fallen fixtures of Tatiana’s chateau. Winds of strength were being thrown about the area, giving further fuel to the flames. However, these were forced winds, winds of control by another’s hand. They were most definitely not that of natural craft. 
Focusing on the direction to where the burning vapor came, Lyric soon begin noting a few unwanted visitors. Faeries of darkened demeanor were standing flanked about the vicinity of the half held structure. A structure that was once considered the most beautified home in all of Eterna Fadas. Lyric then immediately instructing Malaika to search out a few particular fellow faeries. Ones in which they could trust with having that of undisputed strength. He wanted them informed of the circumstances at hand.

But who was behind all of this? Who was holding the reigns to the fiery inferno that blare of heat and hurt? Need he even ask such a question? There was only one in who would have been maliciously sinful and cruel enough, to have even considered pulling off such an act of disgust and disharmony.
Edan!
Though where was he? If there was one thing Lyric believed he knew of Edan, it was that he would thrive on viewing the onslaught of dampened spirits and pain of mind. Why now though? Tatiana is not here. He’s already made damage of unbearable circumstance. Why must he cause any more? None of Edan’s mind play made sense to Lyric.
Sure Tatiana tried having him understand that Edan lived his every day and night within an incredibly tortured soul. She tried to have him see the pain, which supposedly dug so deep that his every breath drew sparks of destroyed hope and heart. Apparently, his fear and troubled drive held him in the belief that the only way to erase all painful memory, was to bring the same elements of emotional torment upon others, just as others had done so to him.
Lyric did try to understand. He wanted to believe as his soul’s other half did, but it was simply never to be the case. Lyric’s views were never that different to Kailen’s.

Caught completely off guard, Lyric was suddenly ripped from thought as he bowled head first towards the ground. Lyric had spun just in time, coming to a halt, only centimeters from the snow filled floors. He looked up. Zayd!
At once Lyric was retaliating, soaring toward Zayd, taking grasp of his neck chain. Clenching his fist firmly, he hesitated. His mind was of Tatiana’s thought on physical violence.
Zayd had then laughed in vulgar tone. “You, are as weak as she.”
No less time than any tongues word, Lyric’s fist then connect with Zayd’s face, causing the side of his eye to burst open. Blood trickled down his cheek and across his lower eyelash trim. Zayd was flat against the ground.
Lyric then sprung from his feet to the air, hovering at a height just above. “What the stones of ashen molt are you doing Zayd?” Lyric voiced of angered contempt.
“Kicking your ass!” Zayd sarcastically replied.
“Yeh… no, Zayd. You ain’t kicking nobody’s ass. But where have you been? No one has seen you for months.”
Zayd’s smug look said enough. He wasn’t going to confess to anything.
“Why have you joined forces with Edan again?” Lyric persisted.
“Oh, shut your contemptuous mouth, would you!” Zayd had no desire for pleasurable chitchat, as he urged himself up from his back and onto his feet. He reached up, tearing at Lyric by the ankle. He tried to swing him back towards the earth’s solid face. As he did, Lyric’s ankle cracked a loud, splintering snap. Flying forward, and almost at the ground, Lyric put out his hands using them as springs to force himself back to where he just came.
“You bastard!” Lyric was livid.
“Oh dear! It seems the ever modest Lyric has a vicious side after all.” Zayd’s sarcasm was not a welcomed word. He may well have had a quick tongue on him, though his physical exploits were far less prompt. Lyric was swiftly instructing winds to force Zayd in his direction, his fist again connecting with Zayd’s jaw, sending him soaring back towards the body of a great pine. Just missing its trunk, Zayd threw out his hand, taking hold of one of thy branches. It bend slightly with his weight. 
Leaping to the ground below, beside the river’s edge, Zayd scoop his hand at shoulder’s height above the water’s ripples. A large volume of iced water hauled from below. He held it above, turning it into solid form. He was just about to propel it in Lyric’s direction, when… “I thought you said you were going to kick my ass?” Zayd was as wet as wet could be. Lyric had been too quick. He’d poured direct heat into the ice, turning it back into its original form. It came crashing down upon Zayd’s head. Then with twist of thou wrist, Lyric commanded the water refreeze. 
“Now would you just please stay, Zayd? I really don’t have time for this.” Lyric wanting to soar in and help. He also had others to instruct.  He was about to take off, when again he had to stop. He could sense the fierce burn filling Zayd’s core, the ice melting out around him. Within mere moments, he was free. Though no sooner was he free, that Lyric had ushered another gust of cyclonic wind in Zayd’s direction. He was thrown straight into the trunk of thy tree this time. Holding him in place with violent snowstorm, Lyric then further instruct the branches to swing down, hold him in place, and not allow his escape. Zayd swore and convulsed while trying to free himself. This was déjà vu… and not of a kindly one at that.
Lyric ignored his wails. He had greater concerns to deal with.

~•*•~

Eeowyn, Prima, and the nine other of Armarria, who were originally there to cross in search of Tatiana, were already fleeting from one faerie to the next. Left hand to left hand, a transference of energy made to as many faeries as they could get their hands on.

Heart to heart
Guide thy path
Through to dawn
Feel no wrath

At once, a feint blue protective shield was placed about thou faeries aura. One in which would last throughout the moon lit night, and into the dawn of thy new day. 

Malaika was already in amongst the mass of frenzy, of all that had transpired. He’d gone looking for eight such ardent beings, and that of his Corozon, though she was nowhere to be found. 
“Malaika!” Lyric called from the border of Tatiana’s home. “Edan is at play here. His small army is on another trail of torture.”
“But why?” Malaika asked in haste and ignorance. His mind was still upon the whereabouts of his beloved. “He knows Tatiana isn’t here, doesn’t he?”
Lyric had no answer to enlighten the situation. He just knew that he had to find Edan, and that Malaika had to commence telling those few faeries chosen, to take to the skies and begin bringing each of Edan’s little entourage down.

Still desperately concerned for Corozon’s welfare, and rather troubled by the fact that she wasn’t there giving her own instruction; Malaika cautiously explain to a handful of faeries, what it was they were required to do. As they each then establish the obligations set, Malaika flew off in haste. He was on his way to the Clearing.

~•*•~

Standing on the margins of thy sanctuary, still half in mind of Corozon’s whereabouts, Malaika pray that she make an appearance soon. He held faith that there must have been good reason behind why she remained absent.
Malaika then gathered four pieces of Black Onyx from about the Clearing circle. The Black Onyx held properties of protection. He would use them to help create a shield.
Placing the crystals at four points within the snow, Malaika then cast a Spell of Cage.

Chamber of crystal
Cell of thee bound
Bring forth thou imprison
No escape to be found
Keep thee captured inward
In steady arrest
Be it peace overwhelm
No further contest

A translucent barred barrier, no bigger than two strides each way, erect from all four points of Onyx’s power. This was to be the place in which all faeries of disapproving mind play and action would be kept. 
Now all Malaika could do was sit and wait. The one thing in which he was not so good at doing. Especially when he knew that the effects of full moon had begun to cast. 
Well into thou twilight skies, and all about Feather Vale he could hear the deranged and irrational conduct of so many faerie. Many of who’d ascended earlier that evening to gain guidance and protection. However, because of the torturous confusion Edan cast, they’d not further thought to center and ground themselves on their own.

Try and imagine if you may… drunk and disorderly, every excessive happy drug soaring through your veins, your desire for more than you had, mixed with the emotions of sensual hunger and daring wish. That would about sum up how a full moon can affect a faerie if they do not try to ground themselves, even a fraction.

Thus, to Malaika’s ears, all he could hear were unbalanced squeals, chaotic screams, and words of absolute uproar. Flight of maelstrom and puerile fight all deeply seeded within hungers, which had been elevated beyond control. Several had even flown toward the aperture and were passing through into the world of man.
Though no physical harm would ever come about, or at least, very rarely would it come about. It was still a night that was more than less desired, and one in which had Tatiana’s people placed in positions of regret the days ahead.

~•*•~

A night of mischief and mayhem had now been lit on the grounds of human soil. This had always been Tatiana’s deepest fear. The faeries lived in harmony because they did not allow the influences of negative misconduct, of ill placed judgment, or that of human interaction to interfere with any of their energetic fields. Having so many soaring about the world of Earthly beings was bound to bring feelings of fear and doubt back into thy realm of faerie. Not to mention, the misguided view any human may form of thy faeries, for their actions would be nothing of their true nature. 

Centuries ago, mankind had thought faeries so vile and badly behaved that Tatiana made a ruling. No faerie was to cross onto Earth unless granted by the queen herself. This ruling only established out of love, and of protection for her people. This also being the time in which the Moon Clearing event had first begun its existence. Over the years, mankind then came to a place of belief and understanding that faeries were not of cruel and misguided, but of beauty and enchantment, just as she had hoped.
The colonies of faeries whose homes lay within the forests of Earth; were those of whom Tatiana had placed much loyal confidence within. Faeries in whom had made promise and pledged thou word of honor that they would guide themselves into purity of mind each full moon. They had also vowed to never leave the confines of thy forests, especially on that of a full moon, unless absolutely necessary. And, other than the occasional delinquent, who would choose to fail upon their word, all had remained of well intentions.
Unfortunately, it would now seem that the world of human existence would soon be swelling of playfully annoying, and troublesome faeries.

~•*•~

Back about the surfaces of Tatiana’s chateau, stood six such faeries about to make their mark. Remaining aground for a short few breaths, they focus their attentions on feeling out thy energies of each faerie in the surrounding field. It was imperative that they did not indict the wrong people. Remaining in powers of two, and having sensed the conflicting energies, they give thanks. They say grace for the promise of power, to overcome those same energies that had already begun to unravel in all faeries who had not yet grounded. 
With prayer of pleasantries spoken, and peace held deep within, they arise from the floors of her majestic grounds, soaring in the direction of each foreboding and recusant imbecile. 

Aphrica and Lorelei were climbing the cold breezes. They eluded the branches of a great pine that stood to their left. At the very nearly tip of its molded structure, a faerie by the name of Antoinette sat, almost leisurely upon the thick of a branch. She was directing orbs of fire towards any place that had since been smothered into smoke and ash. She was setting thy blazes alight once more. Aphrica came in from below, while Lorelei flew in from Antoinette’s right side. She had been so preoccupied with her task at hand, and unfortunately blooming in her ghastly successes, that she had no foresight into the girl’s obstruction. 
Lorelei had flown in at full speed, placing her forearm firmly against Antoinette’s throat. By which stage, Aphrica had also called upon the help of some vine, urging it to coil about Antoinette’s ankles, keeping a rooted hold by winding itself around the lower branches beneath. Antoinette swung at Lorelei, casting her back a few feet. She’d then tried to take to the air, though was unpleasantly surprised to find herself being held down. Aphrica was then very quickly up behind her, wrapping one arm about her shoulders, the other pulling in at her right hand that was just about to fire an electrical charge at the vine so as to release. Antoinette was enraged of fury and flame. With her free hand, she tore it back, taking grasp of Aphrica by her hair, trying to take back some kind of command. Though there was no fight further to be had, as Lorelei was then adrift in front, blowing a handful of Estralas Encantado upon her. Antoinette breathed in just slight as Lorelei spoke.

Cease all motion
Sleep in truce
No harm be done
Forgive abuse 

Antoinette was immediately placed into peaceful slumber, falling limp into Aphrica’s arms. 
“That seemed too easy.” Aphrica remarked.
For it had been, as both Aphrica and Lorelei look out at the ill-favored affairs unfolding before their eyes.

On the other side of Tatiana’s chateau, Eryk and Geraint had been blessed with similar fortunes, as they too mandate a faerie by the name of Dusk. In a sense, he’d been almost too co-operative as he simply allowed the boys to shackle him in stoned restraints. 

Five. That is how many faeries Edan had been able to turn, to lose faith in their own kind, and have them go against all of their beliefs.  Though two were of an easier mark to arrest, the other three were not so accommodating. 

~•*•~

Aren, Jaedon, Nikeese, and Tristan… well… they were under attack, as much as they were in charge. As always, Aren and Jaedon were a well set pair of adversaries. They fought well, and they fought with cunning and clever minds, never allowing the belief of defeat, no matter the circumstance. 
They had found themselves up against two rather insane faeries, whose minds were like that of marbles. A senseless pair they may have been, though Aren and Jaedon were still finding their minds attachment to each other to be incredibly strong. Their every thought was matched. 
Jaedon had been the first to view them. They were found to be standing beside the river’s edge, trying to keep hidden behind a grand piece of Gypsum crystal. These large pieces of crystal were found all about the skirting’s of Tatiana’s home. They are thought to dissolve negative energies, place a calming within, encouraging one to look into the depths of their souls for truth and peace. No such luck with this pair, however, as they pop their heads up every now and again to add furthermore havoc, propelling fireball after fireball at Tatiana’s chateau. One such armament of fiery charge had just missed Jaedon by no more than a hair’s length of his pretty little head. Aren caught the next with a wind of wild fury, sending it soaring back in the direction of where it just came. It exploded upon the crystal’s surface. A display of silver sparks and crystal specks dart in every direction. A few small pieces carved even across the fools faces. Though they felt no need to whimper. They just chuckle beneath their breaths, while words of sarcastic bite follow. 
“Oops, they found us. Whatever shall we do?”
Jaedon was then above them, kneeling on the top most piece of Gypsum, while Aren came in from the side. Looking at one another, the two of whom neither Aren nor Jaedon had ever seen before, shook hands, wishing the other well. 
“Aren – watch out!” Jaedon yell.
Though his words weren’t quick enough for dear Aren. With both of the boys hands still held in well-wished gesture, they used the other to give fuller force as they both kicked out. The first foot of one connected with Aren’s chest. The second had driven his foot up in an attempt to strike Jaedon from his throne above. However, Jaedon had great foresight. He’d seen it coming a split second before their feet had even left the ground. He caught his ankle midair. Unfortunately, he hadn’t seen the following motion, as the misfit whose foot had just forced Aren to the ground, had twisted and driven into the side of Jaedon’s face. Immediately, Jaedon lost his grasp, the oaf falling head first into the icy ground. Jaedon’s own crest was about to impact the stony floors with great force, though he caught himself before it did. He’d clutched at one of the translucent beams of stone. Unfortunately, it’s edging was sharp. His hands were torn to bits, across his fingers, and palm. 
“Fisha flucka frigin fury!” Jaedon’s words were full of tempered storm. One in which was about to be unleashed. 

Dark and hardened
Fire at core
Leave no mercy
Feel thy roar

His own fiery furnace ablaze within, he used the energy of thy stone to assist. He formed a solid sphere of blackened fire, fragments of red-lit lightning bolts whipping about within. 
Aren, still flat against his back on the white of the ground, had caught his winded breath, and was swiftly arousing a breeze of brunt. It fell hard upon the wretched foe, as he was then locked between two pillars of crystal. His ally who’d flipped round and was now crouching at the base of the stone, did his best to fight the gale, using forces of his own battled breath. 
All of which gave Jaedon time to build upon his attack. Jaedon had long let go of the beam. He drift in horizontal space. And now, there were two spheres of darkened matter that lay within the energy marks of his hands. Just as Jaedon was about to send the first one through the air, the two adversaries took clasp of the other’s hand.

Guard and conceal
Let no harm be done
Protect thy selves
All magic shun

At once there was a beam of light cascading about them. The first fragment of fire deflecting off their barrier. However, their shield then quickly broken, as Aren take strong hold about the varmints legs whose feet were still planted on the ground. Aren pulled hard and fast, the fool landing back against the rocks and snowed soils of the river’s edge. 
Quick to his feet, Aren was then above him, his feet coming down hard upon his wrists either side. In Aren’s hand, a pointed piece of branch that he’d snatched from the ground nearby. He aimed it at his throat. 
“You wouldn’t dare!” The wretch announced. Though it was he who also dare not move, in the case that there was no bluff to be made.
Meanwhile, the other lowlife had pulled himself free and was trying to escape. Jaedon fired the cursed sphere in direct line with the snake’s back. It hit him with duress. He began shaking in excruciating pain. The armament had been a solid charge of electrical current, of heat, and jailed curse. As it strike his back, he first felt the force of solid rock, its energies then sourcing his every vein. A fire of tortured burn scorched his body whole from within, having him convulse and seethe at the mouth, bubbles of bitter pain. 
A surge of guilt and anguish then drown Jaedon’s anger. He watched on at the physical fever he’d just brought down upon the being he not know. Feeling remorseful for his actions, he reached out like he were grasping at something, close in his fingers, and pull back with sharp intent. At once, the snake fell hard to the solid surface below. Jaedon still in bewilderment at his behavior, shout at the delinquent in command. “Go! And don’t dare return! For I fear what I may bring about if you do.”
Aren looked up. In that single distracted moment, the faerie snap his arms out from under Aren’s footing, and thrust the sharpened branch away from his throat. Aren then losing his own balance as he take a few steps back. This had given the traitor just enough time to slip out and up into the air. He and his so called friend then high tailing it out of Feather Vale.

“What was that?” Aren asked of Jaedon.
Jaedon’s look was of disgrace. He drifted down, seating himself beside the Gypsum stone. He placed his elbows onto his knees and his head within his hands. “This isn’t who I am, or who I want to be.”
“What are you on about Jaedon? We’re only defending our way of life. We are only defending our queen.”
Jaedon admitted to having no problem defending their every belief. However, what did not sit well within his soul was the lucid anger, and the want for painful revenge. This desire made him no better than the vile delinquents who’d lost their way. His feelings of ill will and vindictiveness made him no better than that of Edan. 
He sat there, trying to hush his mind of all spiteful thought. He listen. He listened to the beat of his own heart. He listened to his every breath. He listened to the surrounding wails and the bustle of all those still in peace of mind. The faeries in whom still soared back and forth trying to oversee and manage the flames, of which most had now been smothered.
Lifting his head to gaze upon the ruins, he find himself in a pool of tears. In the months passed by, he’d lost Kailen, one of his longest and dearest friends. Then he’d lost his queen, who he also considered close. He’d been holding onto any depressed emotion, and any feeling of grievance that tried to break through. Though now it was to be, that all he’d buried, and all he kept unseen, even to his own self, would fall a thousand times hard. His chest become heavy and his heart bled in emotional wound. His head hurt and his throat pained, while his beautiful brown eyes burn of broken tears that should have been shed so long before. Jaedon cried so hard that his sobbing bring shortness of breath with each muffled wail. 
Aren could only sit in silence and remain a tender presence felt. Aren had allowed his emotions to overwhelm him on a few occasions, and knew that it had been only time before Jaedon feel the weight of all he had captured within.

“For she’s a jolly good fellow, for she’s a jolly good fellow, for she’s a jolly good fellow, and so say all of me, and so say all of…” Nikeese’s tune of merriment way halted within its tracks. She noted the dampen spirits and the drowning of mournful and grim. Aren took note of her arrival, “What is that dreadful noise?” 
“Just singing my praises. I kicked that sorry ass to the lip of silent sound,” Nikeese replied.
“Singing? Is that what they call it these days?” Aren’s grin baring from ear to ear, “That would be enough to have anyone run screaming in the other direction.”
Aren then jump up, his fist rising up in glorified triumph as he announce. “Be all who hear me now. We have our weapon of self-destruction. We call it, Song of Nikeese. No one shall cross our paths wrongly, ever again.” 
Not only was Aren in fits of laughter, head thrown forward in hysterics, but it had also brought an end to the tears of disheartenment for Jaedon, who could not help but snicker himself.
Jaedon then peered at Nikeese through his blurred vision of melting salted droplets, the last of them seeping over the lower waterline of his eye.
“Where’s Tristan? And where be the ass of that rogue you kicked?”
Looking rather chuffed with herself, she stand in holding position; shoulders back, hands on hips. “Tristan is at the Clearing with Malaika and the other fools who were brought down. Malaika’s got em` locked up, forcing peaceful thought upon them. And that rogue you speak of… well, I am da man, or woman. Either way… I da bomb, baby!”
“Oh here we go! She’s going to begin gloating of her obvious conquest. I think I’d rather hear you sing.” Aren couldn’t help himself. He loved to stir her up, just as she enjoyed the play of stirring him up right back.
“You wanna start with me boy? You know that I need to kick that sorry ass of yours now, right.”

Jaedon then interrupted their fight of play with question.
“Nikeese, did you happen to see Lyric on your way back here? He was left to seek out Edan on his own.”
“No. I saw nothing of him.” 

~•*•~

Lyric was in a place he rather wished he was not. For his fight was of no mercy. 
He had gone in search of Edan and had eventually found him in the darkness of the skies, overlooking all that was befalling, just as Lyric had presumed. Though within the skies, he did not remain for long. 
Upon ascertaining his eye’s view of Edan, Lyric flew up at incredible speed, seizing him from beneath. Edan then kicked a thousand bolts down upon Lyric’s head, forcing him back towards the ground. Pulling himself up, just above the flames that were engulfing Tatiana’s home, he arose again in pursuit of having Edan pay for his nefarious deed. Reaching Edan in less than a few heartbeats, they attack one another in violent downpour. Back and forth, each one taking the upper hand at one point or another. In one moments lashing, Lyric was thrown into the pit of fire and ash, landing hard upon his back. He opened his eyes just in time as Edan forced a solid beam to fall in his direction. Flipping to his feet, he darted to his right. Be it now he held more fire in his veins than ever before. Scorching about his energy essence like tracks of stolen ember, his ignited anger could have lit a valley of candles thread. 

Heart of fire
Burn beneath
Sear demon’s soul
Seize with teeth
Seize him, now!

An explosion, and then a mountain of flame build beneath Edan. Feeling the growth of heated swell below his soles of feet, he granted himself an escape. Though an escape he would not have, as the fire that burn in forced fury, open like that of a jaw in hungered search. Its gate of open mouth moving in rapid motion, up and then around the inconceivable and pretentious Edan. Edan scream as his skin begin to burn and bubble. He tried to break away, though the more he struggled, the stronger the fires hold seemed to have on him. Reaching out in the direction of Tranquillo River, he pulled back towards himself. A pool of purified water then extinguishing thy flames upon contact. 

Edan no longer resembling that of his own provocative self. His skin and flesh burnt in places to brittle crust. He turned his head in angst and horrendous pain. “Well played, Lyric.”
Edan then moving up through the clouds of smoke and ash filled air in excruciating ache. Lyric not caring to contest any longer.

~•*•~

Malaika sat on the perimeter of thy sanctuary, looking in at the three faeries who’d settled their uncompromising smugs of fever. They’d pushed aside the feelings of churning debate and fermented distraction. All of which Edan had filtered indirectly into their once untroubled minds. Though, in good fortune of their own, they had been arrested and placed within the confinements of Malaika’s ghostly cage. A cage in which when placed within, brought effects of spiritual grounding, and a control of unwanted energies, thanks to the mystical properties of the Black Onyx.
Tristan was still there, as was Aphrica and Lorelei also. Jumping to his feet, Malaika then asked all three to take command of the situation. They simply had to keep a close eye on the imbecile’s and their behavior within the barred barrier. He instructed them that if any further turmoil unraveled, to call for him, and he would return immediately. Though for now, he was needed elsewhere. 

He had not wanted to say where, or what he was doing, for there was no need to cause any further panic. Malaika just knew that something more was amiss, and he was determined to find out what. 



No stone may be turned up flawless
A mask will have secrets to hide
No rose will ripen of no thorn
The shores are uneven at tide
Though be it we center attentions
To the beauty and not of thou fright
Thee listen to hearts inner voice
Thee believe in that of hearts sight.


Chapter Seven
REVEALED

Don’t deny the beauty that may be seen behind the shadows.

The morning to follow their day and night of beauty told and adventure held, was not all that Julian had expected.

After returning back into the boundaries of his home, Julian had walked Tatiana to the guesthouse. Being the gentleman that he was, he then advised her that he thought it best she spend the night alone, so that she may reflect and be certain of all she so desired. As with, he was not quite certain that he could hold himself back again, if she were to bring those urges to the surface once more. It had taken all of his will power as it was. Will power of which would assuredly start to falter, if he had his chance again.
Thus, he left her be to shower and place her own self into bed for a peaceful night’s sleep. Leaving her was incredibly hard. It was like he were being torn away from that which held his every breath, and beat his every heart’s pulse. He lay in bed for some time, replaying all of their day’s events. A feeling of truth, of peace and wholeness permeated from within him. Tatiana was she who he’d awaited for so long. It was she who was his destiny’s call. He would spend his life being all that she needed, and all that she so rightfully desired.

~•*•~

As the morning rise awaken and bring with it a day of such beautiful new possibilities, he step out from beneath the warmth of his bed, into the warmth of his heart’s now ardor. 
Proceeding to the kitchen, he put together a breakfast delight. He planned on taking Tatiana breakfast in bed. Stepping out onto the terrace, the sun shone of splendor, bringing further glow to his spirit. Stepping up towards the doors of the guesthouse, he balanced the tray in one hand and knocked. “Good morning sleeping beauty.”
There was no answer. Figuring that she was still in peaceful sleep, he placed the breakfast tray upon the timber decking so he could open the beautifully hand crafted timber bi-fold doors. Though before his eyes, was not as he had expected. The bed was still made. He stepped within, going directly to the bathroom. Nothing.
His heart begin to beat through his chest, his breaths became shallow. He turned to look back at the main room, hoping to see her standing there. His eyes dart about the room in feared distress. He raised his hands in prayer against his lips and whisper, “Where are you, Tatiana?”
Immediately he ran to find Joseph, though Joseph had neither seen nor heard a thing from the time they left the beach.

~•*•~

Chirping, buzzing, a howl, and a growl. These were the noises that stirred Tatiana from deep sleep. A cool breeze felt up the length of her spine. With eyes still closed, she squirmed and wriggled, trying to find herself comfortable. Though where she lay was not quite all that. Her hands feel about below her: soil, grasses, gravel, leaves? Her eyes then shot open. 
Dread and dismay, alarmed apprehension. All of which soared through her body. Where am I? How did I get here? And where is Julian? From behind, she could feel the warmth of another body close. Tatiana then rolled onto her back, turning her head left. She find herself staring straight into the strong, yet beautiful eyes of an African Lion. Catching her breath, she was then puzzled by a magnitude of mixed emotions. The feeling of confusion and fear dwelled, for she had no idea how it came that she be where she was, even though she was being able to recall bits and pieces of the night past. However, whilst churning in a state of travail, she was also finding herself to be in a moment’s comfort. This was the place in which Julian had brought her the afternoon before, where she had felt more at home than any other. She knew just where she was, and the lion that lay beside her; she had spoken to him the day prior also. She was at the zoo. 
To be more precise… where she lay at present was within the lion’s enclosure. All about her were open woodlands and lengths of grasses. There was a small man-made pool of water, and towering fences on all sides, so as the visitors could look in on the lion’s beauty, feeling like they were right beside his strength. Tatiana was then submerged within an emotional river of calm and serene, as the lion roar, and other lionesses came into view. She may have been laying to the side of his majesties grand force, but she felt no desire to be of any concern. In fact, Tatiana felt completely free from any harm or danger, as she then lift her left hand and begin stroking the feline, as though it were a dear friend. The lion growl in contentment.
The calm and serene then being spoiled, as Reece, the zookeeper, yelled in alarm from the other side of the fence. “Lady, what are you doing in there? Get out – now!”
He was flooded in fear, unlike that of the woman before him. He ran about to the locked gates, opening them just enough that he could peer in. He urged Tatiana to slowly move toward him, and away from the lion. 
Tatiana thought it quite amusing, though thought it best she do as she was asked. Though not before she knelt back down, held the lion’s face, and kissed him upon the nose. Thank you. Reece’s eyes were opened so wide that they could very well have fallen out of his head. What he was seeing could not be… could it? 
Tatiana then walked her way lightly towards the gate. As she stepped, her mind begin to wander. One thing in particular now stood at the forefront of her mind – her only concern – how would she explain this to Julian? For although it was obvious that she was not bothered by her surroundings, she was also completely unaware as to how, or why it was that she’d come to be there. Once outside of the enclosure, she was taken to the main office. Julian was then called, and asked to come and collect her.

~•*•~

Seated upon the lounge that sit within the front foyer, Tatiana look up to see Julian walking in through the entrance doors. Worry, concern, relief, alongside a thousand questions surged through his mind. He ran at Tatiana, and held her in his arms. He pull back, just enough so that he could see her face. “My love, are you okay?”
“Yes, I’m fine.” 
“Then, my love, what are you doing here?”
Tatiana bit at her lip. “I’m not quite sure,” her only reply.
Julian knew it not the place to ask anything further. 
Due to the fact that Tatiana had not given any answers to anyone else either, Julian was then left to try and explain. He spoke with the people of the zoo about her accident, and how she had lost her memory. He also went on to give the only reason he could currently fathom, which was that she’d experienced a moment’s relapse of some kind. Her unstable mind meant that there were times where her actions made no sense to herself, let alone anyone else.
Thankfully, for Tatiana’s sake, Julian, was a well-respected man of Naples. He had helped fund many charitable events, and also donated to the zoo itself. Thus, the director thought there be no reason to call upon the authorities, or ask any more of the situation than had already been asked. Julian thanked him profusely, before placing his arm around Tatiana, and walking her out to the car.

~•*•~

Now… questions may not have been asked while in the proximity of so many others at the zoo. However, once arriving home and settling Tatiana down on the lounge with a warm cup of tea, there was no way that Julian was not going to try and get to the bottom of this. He had just spent the first hours of his morning in hell after all. He and Joseph had run up and down the beach, and all about the neighborhood, until such time that he received an unexpected and anxious call from the director of the zoo. 

“Tatiana, my love, please try and tell me how you came to be there. Do you remember anything? Help me understand.”
As Tatiana said earlier, she had no idea how she came to be there. She could not remember leaving the place of her room. She could not remember how she got there, or how she got in. What she did still have locked in memory, however, was heartfelt sparks of what happened thereafter. She recalled messing around with the cheeky coyotes, dancing with the hyenas, sitting in deep conversation with the owl, and then the hawk. Then she remembered feeling exhausted. Not knowing how to get home, she’d found a place next to the lion to rest her eyes. If there was any more to tell, she could recall nothing further. The next thing Tatiana knew, she was waking to the lulling sounds of the animal’s morning greetings, and she was asking herself, all that Julian asked of her now. 

Now Julian was a man of open mind. He believed in the possibilities of most things, and that anything that could be thought of in mind contained some element of truth. He believed in faith, and of miraculous occurrences. How could he not, when he’d come to witness so many over the passing months? Though the words that Tatiana spoke, the ones in which slipped from her tongue with such ease, as though it was the norm; these, he was having a hard time believing.
“Are you kidding me? You were dancing and talking to the animals? What do you mean, you were dancing and talking to the animals?” 
The tone in which he asked was wary, though was not of one that was not willing to listen further. He had thought that maybe she’d not been literal, and was speaking an analogy type of reference. However, Tatiana’s further response only confused him even more so. 
“Yes, why? I’m sorry that I was in there. I understand that it was not my place to just waltz on in. Though what is it you are asking me exactly?”
“Tatiana, you can’t be serious? Talking to the animals. That is not humanly possible. Cavorting with them so freely, ones of that nature. That is not something any other I know of would ever do. You speak about them as though they are no different to you and I.”
“But they are not. I don’t understand. They may be of a different look to us, though they still breath do they not? They still have a heart that beat do they not? They still have minds and souls of beauty divine – no different to you and I. We may not speak with them through verbalized word, but we speak with them through mind.”
Tatiana spoke with such confidence, though Julian could not make sense of anything she was speaking. She honestly believed that she could communicate with these creatures. That they were her friends, as much as any human friend could be. He sat in silence, his hands clasping the side of his face in deliberation. He found himself thinking of their time on the oceans waters, where an array of marine life found itself to be drawn to the boat. Or was it that they were drawn to Tatiana? No, it can’t be, shaking his head as he thought this. And then, he began to think of what he’d witnessed for himself when he first took her to the zoo. He himself had thought that she were interacting with the animals on a level that was beyond anything he had ever seen before. Though thought nothing more of it at the time. Is what she speak of true? Can she speak to them? Can she hear their thoughts?   
In all her innocence she then asked, “Why are you asking such a silly question Julian?”
Okay, now this was getting ridiculous. “Tatiana, I didn’t say anything.”
“Yes you did. You asked if what I speak of is true, and can I speak to them, and hear their thoughts.”
The look on Julian’s face could have been a cloud of white shadow, for he had turned a little pale with fright. A feeling of sudden tension seized his body. His head was pounding, and his mind was within its own tornado of thoughts, too many for even Tatiana to hear any one thing of certain.

Then there was Joseph. Joseph had stood behind the kitchen counter, just listening. He listened carefully to the conversation that was taking place. Though he did not only listen with open ears, or eyes; he listened to the revelations of mystic with his heart. Revelations that he could see were still being held behind shadowed doors. 
Though he felt no apprehension. Nor was he to doubt anything of which he hear. 

Tatiana sat there, not sure of what she’d done wrong. Why it was that what she spoke of was so unaccepted by Julian. Without knowing her past before the night of the accident, and with no real understanding of this world as yet, she had thought that everything she’d seen, heard, and felt, was no different to any other. She then began questioning herself. It had her considering whether something was wrong with her? Was she insane? Was she making this up? For what seemed so natural to her, she was now in two minds. Her heart was screaming her truths, while her mind was trying to throw unnecessary query and doubt into her pure existence.
Tatiana’s look must have said more than needed to be said, as Joseph then walked from behind the counter, coming up the rear to where Tatiana was seated. Placing his warm hands on her shoulders, he spoke only a few words to her, though they were enough to have her come into herself on a different level.
“Give him time, my sweet girl. He will come around. As will you, provided you listen.” Joseph then smiled a tender grin, his eyes bowing in accordance to his belief in her. He brought feelings forth of self-assurance and compassion that blind all other confounded thought. His hands then softly slip from Tatiana’s shoulders as he walked away. He would leave them be, so that they may come to their own understanding of all that was revealing itself.

~•*•~

The room now wait in silence. The absence of sound then broken, as Tatiana heard the voice; the voice of which an angel came. The very same one that came to her hospital room, while in her dire of need. The voice in which somehow made more sense to her than any other. ‘Listen.’
Listen? Listen to what? 
‘If you listen, you will hear. If you believe, you will see.’ 
Her mind scream. Aahhh! What! What am I meant to be listening to? I am already hearing more than I am meant to, supposedly. How do I know that even you that I hear is real? What if I am making you up also?
The voice said no more.

Taking a deepened breath, Tatiana tried to calm herself. If not for her own self, than for Julian. Julian, who was still seated to her left on the lounge, trying to make sense of all he was hearing. His own mind coming to the conclusion that it was simply a reverberation indifference of some kind. It had to have been brought on by the head trauma. There was no other explanation. 
Yes, okay, he knew of psychics, even though he’d never been to one himself. He’d heard of telepathy, though had never really given it much thought. And, he understood that there was more possibility outside of all natural and scientific understandings. Trust me, he’d dealt with his fair share. But to have this placed before him, this was more than he could presently wrap his head around.
Julian paused his thoughts for a moment. He looked to his right at the angelic being of whom had and was changing his world, his views, in more ways than one. He then catch himself before he say anything further of disregard, as he sight the look on Tatiana’s face. He had not thought before he’d spoken earlier. He had only reacted, and quite possibly, it was not the best reaction he could have given her. It was obvious that he’d hurt her in some way. He had disrespected her beliefs. She’d already been through so much, and he knew that she had come to need him. She needed his help in understanding all that was so new to her. He reached out his right hand, placing it upon her left cheek, brushing aside the hair that had fallen in front of her eyes. “I’m sorry, my love. That was selfish of me.”

Tatiana said no word, and instead chose to close her eyes, and listen. Still unsure of what she was meant to be listening to, but simply having to believe and hold faith in what it was she was being told to hear. There had to be some truth in her visions, and the sounds in which had been revealed to her over the last so many days.

Tatiana began taking some long, deep-seated breaths. After about the third breath inward, it was as though her entire body swelled of a pleasant and resplendent feeling. She felt heavy, and light, at all the same time. It was like she were being lit of divine light from within. Colors of blue and green swirled about her energy essence, and in her mind’s eye. With physical sight closed in silence, she saw a set of eyes. These eyes were exquisite; they spoke of strength and courage. From the depths of the eyes within, the words Trust and Believe were faded in the distance. Tatiana then granted full view, to who these eyes belong. A tiger: a great, white, majestic tiger. She was striding towards her, blue rose petals strewn all over the ground, and then an eagle. A grand golden eagle soared in from above. He landed directly in front of where she stand. She looked to the ground below, noticing her fine white paws. It was she who was now the tiger. The eagle called into the remoteness of thy hypnotic skies above. They radiated an entrancing pearl glow, streamlined of green hues, and vivid royal violet. Two words of whispered voice then heard from behind the eagle’s call. The same two words she had only just seen. ‘Trust – Believe.’
She watched, and listened. She was beginning to understand. It was she who was to step up. She was to be the white tiger of strength and courage. She had to have her pure of mind spoken, with no doubt and no fear to be held. As always, her understanding of this, alongside many things, was of no understanding, it just was. Above all else, she was to trust, she was to believe. She would trust in which she see. She would believe in which she hear. Regardless of other’s perceptions. Regardless of what any other believed. 

Opening her eyes slowly, she looked openly into the core of Julian’s perceptive eyes. Placing her hand on top of his, she spoke. Her words were of wisdom and grace, like nothing she’d ever spoken to he before. Though it were the words she had not spoken that brought him to tears.
“No, it is I who must apologize. I understand now how it is that I see things different to you. I understand that this must be hard for you to comprehend. I will answer what I can, though I can make no promise that I will be able to answer or give reasoning. Nor can I promise that you will even want to hear what I have to say. But together, I know all will be, just as it should be. We were destined to have met. You became my savior, and I will remain in eternal gratitude to you. This is a journey in which will open both our eyes. We have much to learn from each other, with incredible growth to be had. My only ask of you, is one of patience, and one of trust, in me.”
As the words voiced, it were though a movie in fast-forward was being played. Julian had seen Tatiana sitting alone in a field of wild flowers. She seemed at peace at first; though at second glance, it appeared she were in pain. She was calling for someone to hear her. She was calling for someone to find her. Julian stood within arm’s reach, though he did not hold out his hand to her. The more she called, the further she then became. The distance between them growing so great, that eventually she became a blur until he could no longer see her at all. That feeling of losing her was the same feeling that he had felt upon their first night’s meeting, when he’d gazed into her eyes. A feeling that had become in that single moment… his deepest fear. Questioning himself on what he’d just seen, he could no longer hide from the truths. Truths in which he would never question again. Truths in which he would never ask. This day had brought with it more mystical secret than he could’ve ever thought to know. And yet, all he could do now… was trust.

Tatiana had not seen as he’d just seen. Clearing her throat, she continued her words of heart. “I’m not quite sure what it is I can teach you, or what it is I can tell you of truth; though I know that with time, all will be revealed. I know with time, that all will make sense.”
Tatiana then paused. She gazed at Julian with a look of endless endearment. She reached out her free hand, resting it gently upon the side of his face. 
“Julian. There is one truth that I know I must tell you. That truth is one of you. I love you Julian. My love for you is of such deep respect and admiration. To live my days in your presence, is a truth I will not live without. You give me a power within to conquer, whether you are right by my side or not. You allow me to unmask any situation and stand tall within it, no judgment made. The very thought of you seems to bring pulses that are only meant for you. With you I see only happy, I see only wholeness, and yet I still feel free to be my own. I know that I am my own independent person, and that I could survive on my own if needed; but I also know that I simply want with all of my being to not do so. I understand that to love someone, and be loved back, will bring pain at times, and quite possibly be even unbearable. But what I have also come to understand is that if I didn’t love that way, than it wouldn’t hurt so much to begin with. I love that a simple glance or smile can make any moment seem so much brighter. I love that a singular touch can make all else seem of none. And… I know that this path we have been placed upon, may seem at times the hardest path imaginable. But I must believe that together, we will take a step back once in a while, and come to realize that any turmoil or pain we have endured, we would not have had it any other way. For it is, and will be because of these moments, alongside that of the good, that only make each of us stronger, and more in love than we ever thought possible. I will never take you for granted, and I promise to make every day count. My past is no longer written, though my present and my future, that, I can rewrite. I love you, Julian.”

How is it that all their morning’s ventures then melt into nothingness? Julian’s lips then becoming her place of rest. Their kiss becoming like that of a thousand more kisses to come. 

~•*•~

Leading Tatiana to his own chamber of rest, Julian paused before they entered. He turned to look upon her beauty, brushing the fallen lock behind her ear. He gently embraced her blush cheek within the palm of his hand while he look at her, as though she were the most precious of lost treasures within a hidden isle. Ones that none had yet discovered. 
“I vow, Miss Tatiana, to never do wrong by you. You are the constellation of my heaven’s high. I was guided to you. Now it is my turn to guide you.”
A single baring tear of love’s lighted essence sketched the corner of her eye and bled beneath her view. Julian leant forward kissing the tear away, his lips then following through to meet with hers. The kiss was short, and yet it assumed such deep-hearted speech. 

Moving then beyond the doors, they stand within his personal den. It was a noble room; rich in color, and dignified in style. The solid bed of stained Jarrah timber, with its bedding of deep red and chocolate brown. At the very end of his bed sat a large timber box, locked, which held more than any were to know. Upon the timber wall slats to the left of his bed hung a beautiful, wooden, hand crafted cross. The word faith engraved through the centermost. To the right, another wooden framework – a set of finely sculpted wings, that to Julian represented freedom. To fly is to be free, were the words etched into the bottom of thy wing. Joseph had given these to Julian during the first year of their meeting, all those years ago. Julian always keeping them close. 
Tatiana was then further led into Julian’s ensuite of large cobblestone tiles, heavyset wooden basin and fittings, and a luxurious spa. In the opposite corner was an impressive double shower.

Piece by piece, her garments slowly fall. She was, by all extremes, the most exquisite being he’d ever had the pleasure of laying his eyes upon. Standing in awe at the vision before him, nothing more was required to be said. Her eyes gave gesture all their own. 

This is where it began. A definitive melding of two beings, of two different worlds. Days of beauty, spells of cruel – all of which this union would bring. But even through breaths of hearts terror and minds torn – beneath the shadows of unknown – a blessing of grace and divine intervention, would for always be found, and would for always find glow. 



Rebirthing of a difference
Her fires lit within
Her truths held in the changing
Her soul’s destiny begin
Her anchored heart in ardor
And mind become so clear
From depths she now emerge
Never again, shall she be feared


Chapter Eight
EVOLUTION

Stairs are climbed one step at a time, 
just as the adversities of our lives must be conquered 
one footfall at a time, in a pace that conforms to our own spirit.

“Corozon! Corozon! For goodness sake, wake up!”
Malaika slapped her across the face. 
She may not have been awake before, but she was most definitely awake now. Her contentious reflexes took play while she drive a heavy blow with her fist in direct line with his nose. Malaika took hold of both her wrists, pushing them back against the snow covered rocks above her head.
“Damn you girl. You’re just lucky that I adore the living day lights out of you.” Malaika then snatching her lips in his. “Ahh, my nose.”
He’d knocked it against Corozon’s cheek as he tried to kiss her. She chuckled beneath her breath apathetically. Her initial reflexes may have been to bear arms, though Corozon had then sunk back into a half comatose state. Reopening her intense eyes of orange, she reached up to place her ice-cold hand upon his nose, sending unwavering energies of heal and restore. 

~•*•~

Leaving Tristan, Aphrica, and Lorelei; Malaika went in search of Corozon. Something of sinister feel was astir. There was no way she would have stayed away from such a contest of heated conflict. She’d vowed that she would protect their world, and all who dwelled within her ethereal realm, at all costs.

The winds blew cold, while the snows had calmed to a graceful descent. Malaika closed his eyes, feeling about for a whisper of Corozon’s energetic essence. It had not taken long before he’d sensed remnants of it within the river’s breezes that blew upstream. Following the currents about the bend, he found her. She was hidden beneath a layer of snow – unconscious. Feeling her heart beat strong, he’d scanned her body for any extensive damage. Nothing was to be found, other than a bump the size of a fist at the back of her head. Her head which was now of red and orange locks. Once healing the swelling, Malaika tried to wake her. Soft and polite hadn’t worked; though he should have known better. No such mannerism would ever work on his beloved. Thus the slap on the face.

~•*•~

It was the birth of another beautiful winter’s day. The sun reflected off the new layer of snow that had fallen in the darkness of thy morning’s hours. The birds could be heard singing their tunes of enchanting charm, and the squirrels were busy scuffling through the floors of blanket snow. The ice snap’s fall, and the river’s gentle flow, brought about them a soothing of lulling spell.
Still laying flat against the river’s rock, and having just removed her hand from Malaika’s nose, which was now healed and as perfect as ever before; Corozon was suddenly overcome with chills. For although the sun was warm against her face, and her body temps seemed to have risen just a touch; the breezes were still of crisp polar frost. It didn’t help that upon her was nothing more than a few pieces of torn and frayed morsels of material. They cover barely her suggestive features. Her spirit was then sharp and alert, as she become completely aware of where she was, when it was, and how it was she came to be there.
Pushing herself up by her elbows, Corozon then sat in disbelief. Her initial instinct was to flee, to head towards the sanctuary, where she should have led the faeries through the night just gone. Though she stopped herself, knowing it was too late. 
Shaking like a leaf that waver in the middle of a winter storm, Malaika wrapped his winter cloak about her. At once she was warm, her fingers beginning to gain feeling, as she nudged them beneath the napped fabric, pushing the neck of the cloak up over her nose. She breathed in, taking in the full scent of her beloved, his natural fragrance of cinnamon and caramel. Malaika then ask, “Baby, what happened? What’s with the hair, the eyes, your natural essence?”
“What are you on about?” Corozon had no idea of what he spoke. Malaika pulled forward a piece of her hair.
She gasped, “It’s orange.” 
He pulled forward another as she then question further, “It’s red? What the?”
Malaika then explaining that her eyes, and even that of her energy essence had changed to similar tones also. Her mind was then traversing back through the night just gone.
“This must have something to do with the phoenix, and the vortex of fire; the electrical charge I had cast?”
Cutting her own self off, she began asking Malaika questions of the night elapsed. He, however, would not admit to anything. He would first expect a full explanation to what she was talking about. How it was that she’d come to be unconscious by the river? 

~•*•~

Corozon agreed to his demand. She would explain.
The story began with Crystabella. She’d come to see her in the later part of the afternoon. She’d been so happy to see her at first. Corozon had hoped that maybe she’d come to a peace within, and was ready to rejoin them, in her place of rightful passage. Though as Crystabella stepped forth from beneath the shadows of thy afternoon sun, it was obvious she was far from well. She looked pale, bruising apparent on her face, and then her back, as Crystabella removed her full-length coat. It was evident that some healing had begun, though not enough at this stage to heal her wounds completely. However, there was more besides that of thy bruises. Beneath the exterior lay torments that Crystabella had not wanted to divulge. She tried to change the subject, explaining that she was not there for her own wellbeing. She was trying to make up for the harsh words she’d let slip the morning after the last full moon. Corozon agreed to hear her out, though implored her to unveil the truth behind the real pain she wore first. Crystabella agreed. She professed to that of her own pain, and then to the plans she’d overheard Edan speaking with his new entourage. Plans of which he’d hoped to come to pass upon the twilight of thy full moon. 

Malaika sit and listen to the story being told, and as the words of the night passed were spoken, his look suddenly changed to a look of somber heart. His lips furl inward, and his eyes speak of the unjust. 
“Malaika, what’s happened? Did Edan succeed in his plans?”
Malaika promised to tell her all, though asked that she finish telling her own story first. He interjected briefly, asking her of how it was that Crystabella had been in a position to be able to hear such information in the first place? Corozon recommended that there be a story for a whole other time.

~•*•~

“Okay, where was I?” Corozon then returning back to the forthcoming story. 
So upon hearing of the destructive branches of Edan’s scheme, Corozon had demanded that Crystabella tell her of where Edan and his fawning parasites were. Crystabella hesitated. Mind you, it did not take long to break her wield. Corozon then instructing Crystabella straight to her abode. She would wait there for her return. She’d expected Crystabella to join her at The Moon Clearing. The Moon Clearing, that was never to eventuate. 
Corozon proceeded to explain that she’d then made a snap decision to go and confront Edan on her own. It was already late in the afternoon, and it would not be long before she was needed on the Clearing. She felt that she did not have time to call for another, and with hearing the revelations of Crystabella’s own struggles; she thought it not best to implicate her any further. It hadn’t taken long to find him. Crystabella had told her that he was just beyond the borders of Feather Vale, beneath the Bridges of Cathedral. This was a section of river, sheltered by a series of naturally woven bridges of giant buttress roots. They grew out from some of thy magnificent strangler trees, some of the oldest trees in Eterna Fadas. 

Drifting at a distance from the limbs of the cathedral, Corozon could hear the small talk of mockery and lies. Their laughter sounding more like insolent hyenas. 
“Actually, that would be belittling the hyenas,” Corozon commented before returning to the happenings of the afternoon before.
Corozon hovered and listened for only a short few moments, before she’d then shouted out for Edan, forcing him to come out from the shadows of thy bridges. He did. Though he also had five others behind him. They stand about him like he were some high and mighty they need to protect. 
“Edan. What is it you think you are doing here?”
His response was of more mockery than was needed. “Awww… is the dear, new little queeny worried about me?” A smirk as conceited as he covered his features, “Or, is she just worried about her people?”
Corozon spoke not a word at first. She only glared at him with eyes of contempt.
“Well, my dear Corozon. There is no need to be worried about your people. I have no plans to hurt anyone.”
Corozon had gone to bite back, though once more she heard Tatiana in the back of her mind. Calm the seas of fury. No good will come.
“I want no trouble here Edan, and I have not stated that I believe you are to do wrong. I only ask that you and your friends leave, in peace.”
“Yeh… no! I don’t think I’ll be leaving anytime soon, queeny. It is the night of a full moon after all. I want to play a little first.”
Corozon continued to keep her calm. He may not speak of it as yet; though she knew she had to do her best to stop them in thy path. “We are all well aware that a full moon is upon us. Though be that also why I ask you to depart. I understand that there are many who still look down on you in these parts, and it would pain me to see anyone react in a manner beyond their desired.” 
Edan could not help but laugh of sinister slay. “How much of a moron do you think I am queeny? You have not one ounce of concern for my wellbeing. You, alongside all your pretty little people, wish me dead. Damn… I mean, if I were you, I’d probably want me dead too. But alas, and quite thankfully really… I’m not you! And I wish me, all our world’s power. No one would dare speak, or even think ill of me then, would they?”
Corozon spoke again, in a manner even those of the divine angelic plains would have been proud of. She spoke with compassion, with heart, and with as much understanding as was possible. “Edan, I won’t even begin to understand why it is that you don’t like me, or any of our people for that matter. Why you choose to oppose our every belief and natural instinct? Why you choose to struggle as you do, and feel the need to have that of dominance? Why it is that you do not believe you are already of perfection? Imperfectly perfect, as Tatiana would always say. I am going to beg of you, Edan, please do not follow through with your scheme of violent disorder. Please.”
“I had wondered where she’d got to this afternoon.” Edan not caring to listen to anything Corozon voiced; hearing only the part in which he mention. Edan was referring to the fact that Corozon had obviously come into possession of information she shouldn’t have known. Information that could have only come from one of seven faeries: himself, one of the five beside him, or that of the only one who were missing – Crystabella.
“Sorry, Edan, you lost me. You had wondered where who went?”
Completely aware of who his comment was in reference to, though not wanting to place her in any further harm; Corozon played dumb. Edan on the other hand only then chuckled. “You know what? Crystabella told me a few things too. One thing in particular I recall her saying was how she’d said in a moments anger that you would never compare to Tatiana. The funny thing is, you aren’t doing so bad, even though I doubt your powers are anywhere near as strong as hers. So I ask you. If there is truth in what you seem to believe is to become of this night, and that your beloved, so called true queen had found it difficult to prevail over me… how is it that you think you have any chance of defeating me? Actually, now that I come to think of it; Crystabella’s statement, that you would never compare. She was right. You won’t!”
Corozon had never been one to allow others ideas, or their antagonistic ways to have such an effect on her. But the last so many months, from the first night Edan tried to bring complete destruction to their lands, something had been lit within her. The fire no longer laid dormant. It continued to rise beneath her skins surface, waiting for the moment to emerge. Corozon had tried to be more like Tatiana, and maybe once upon a time, she had a better chance of doing so. Though now, whenever she saw Edan, thought of Edan, thought of Tatiana, and how she’d yet to find her… Corozon only see red. Now here, standing before her, was a man of no color. His energy essence was of only black and gray. Why is it that Tatiana and Crystabella chose to look past this time and time again? As far as Corozon was concerned, Edan was of no pure bone. He was only numb, and hatred. His only destination was the savagery abyss. A place none ever spoke of. A place most only knew of in fables that were better left in the dark.

Tensions mounting, blood boiling, words about to become words she’d rather forget. Words that could have been felt from every corner of thy realm; they were spoken with such vengeance, full of ferocious and enraged emotion. Sparks of fire red, and sharp spirited orange, ignited about her essence as she spoke. “I have never, nor did I ever think I would meet such a narcissistic, obnoxious, savage, bloodthirsty, pig of a man.” Her own disdained sarcastic speech then taking hold. “How blessed are we all to have been bestowed with your harrowing presence. How is it that you think you have any – I mean, Bwahaahaahaahaa. You are the last person in this realm, or any other that would ever have a chance in hell of taking command and gaining power. You are an ignoramus of a creep after all. See, this I don’t get. Tatiana believed in you. She tried again and again to have me believe that there was still good within you, that there was some dark, underlying hurt and torment that had yet to be unearthed. But that one day – she honestly believed – that one day, the hurt would heal, and that you would change; that you would see the light. She believed your soul could be saved. I have no idea how you did it? How you pulled a sheath over her eyes? But you did… and now she’s paid dearly for it. However, you, my dear buffoon of a man, will never fool the likes of me. And now… it’s your turn to pay!”
An electrical current of red and orange grew of strength in the palms of her hands. Her wings resemblance now that of flames. The snow now falling of heavier demand. 
Corozon’s first round of voltaic charge, tore through the bitter cold air. Edan bowed left, and then to the right, as each armament of electricity threw. Edan was then instructing his little army to move, to apprehend her sorry ass, as he put it. All five stem out in different directions, none of which understood the powers they were about to come up against. 

One such faerie was already in for attack, with no thought behind his actions. Corozon simply threw her hand to the air, bidding a tornado of snow to emulate, freezing its then core as it built about him. He was placed in frozen capsule. 
Dusk, whom was once a fellow neighbor, and friend to all those of Feather Vale, drift backwards into the white of the trees. His intuition told him that this was going to be a fight he’d rather not be a part of. Edan’s remaining three, however. They charged at Corozon with full force, all at the same time. Two, who were dressed much the same, soared toward her with fireballs swifter than they. To their dismay, Corozon was just a little quicker than they would care to admit, as she reached out catching both burning beads midair, redirecting them into the waters below. 
The third faerie of who was female, and one in whom Corozon knew quite well, or shall we say, used to know quite well, was coming in from behind. Corozon had been so focused on the two coming at her from in front, that she’d misplaced Antoinette, who’d shot through the air. With feet first, she struck her just above the waist, in direct line with the back of her ribcage. A loud splintering snap came from within. Corozon roared from the blow. Corozon then immediately throwing back her hand, her eyes still placed on the initial two imbeciles. From all about, a blast of excessive wind was then cast back in Antoinette’s direction. She was aggressively forced at bay. Corozon’s nature may have been one of more fire than that of Tatiana’s, but she still held heart, and had no desire to have anyone hurt. Except for maybe one.
The two halfwits who’d thrown the shells of flame were far from done. They forced elements of fire, wind, and snow, one after the other, to arise and sail through the air in Corozon’s direct line of fire. Corozon then find herself very quickly removing her warmer upper threads, as they catch alight with the passing of one insignificant fire pellet. A chill ran prompt from the base of her spine to her neck. Her only covering left being oh so very little. If anything was to come from that, it had stopped the two fools in their tracks for a brief moment, as they gaze of greed at Corozon’s provocative frame. 
Antoinette made choice not to hear Corozon’s plea with her to leave. She return in less than three butterfly snaps, rejoining the calamity that was still to befall. Corozon wanted no part of their pitiful attempts to bring her down, as she continue to defend herself, throwing only a few armaments at them when needed. No one could deny that Corozon held her ground with incredible integrity, and compassion, for those she was weighed against.
Antoinette seem to be getting a little restless. She’d thought that her own skills of combat were much more than they now seem to appear. There was a thick leather chain wound round Antoinette’s waist. She drew it from where it hugged. It lashed at Corozon like a whip, slicing across her now bare back. Another curdling roar escaped Corozon. “Damn you, girl. Twice, be me a fool. Three times, not a chance.”
Though Antoinette had already lashed a second time in Corozon’s direction. This time, however, Corozon caught the end of the leather whip, and with one quick jerk, she’d hauled Antoinette in to be adrift a fingers length from her own. Corozon glare. She look beneath the fickle exterior, coming to note that Antoinette’s internals were brimming with so much tormented desire that it ignite something further within. Antoinette was once a faerie of warm care and regard. Corozon knew that this was of Edan’s doing. 
Corozon’s eyes then burn a glow of fired flame. The leather chain was catching alight while Corozon’s entire energy spark an unexpected and awakened heat. The small flame then make way along its length to Antoinette’s hand, disintegrating thou leather strap as the flare pass. She screamed; it burnt her palm. Taking a firm grasp of Antoinette’s apparel, Corozon then kick her feet back, one, and then the other. They connect with the other two who’d tried to close in from behind. Gazing down towards Edan, who’d stood so quiet and still beside the edge of thy Cathedral Bridge, just watching on in amusement; was then thrown his silly girl of follow. He pulled Antoinette up just before she’d made contact with himself. 

Beneath Corozon’s skin crawl, her blood boil, and the electrical currents that surged were ablaze furthermore. Corozon then cry a sound of song so beautiful and elegant, it bring Edan and his band of misfits to a halt. The face of a phoenix consumed in flame then flashed before her eyes. At the very same time, Edan was thrown, as Corozon herself transformed into a phoenix of ignited blaze. It was like she was a power driven by a charge, not even she understand. She began to lose control as she spin a thousand times too fast. Bolts of sharpened light held strong within her tornado of command. All three faeries try pulling together, propelling piece after piece of anything they could conjure, or get their hands on. Though with every agent cast in her direction, it explode into nothing upon impact of her frenzied storm. The longer she focused on her violent squall of fire, the larger it became. Strikes of lightning thread emitting out beyond the capabilities of most faerie. This type of vigorous power only ever seen dealt by one other – Queen Tatiana, herself. Edan stood in silence. He watched with focused eyes of new. He realized then, that if his plans for thy night of full moon were to pass in succession; he’d have to eliminate the one faerie, whom it seemed, had enough power to force his hand into vanquishment. 

Edan called to the three who still stood beside. He ordered them to step back, for their powers were of no use here. They do just as they were told. Antoinette was quite confounded by the powers that surged from Corozon. Drifting back they join Dusk, who’d done nothing more than observe from within the branches white, and the other who’d been held within frozen capsule. Edan had been watching scrupulously, and had come to notice that although her powers were strong, she did seem to have an Achilles` heel. She was of a great electrical conduct, and was not reacting so well to the small splurges of water that came up from beneath at times. This power was new to Corozon, and she’d yet to understand its fundamentals. He had noted the slight twitch in her energy forces, as the water particles met with the electrical currents now coiled all about her. Thus, remaining where he was, and warning the others to stay well clear, Edan ordered a large mound of icy water to rise from the river’s flow. Throwing his hands to the skies, the water threw to the air, coming to a holding place either side of Corozon. Then opening his hands, his fingers framed like claws, the waters mirror all that Edan engage. Clasping his hands together, the waters continue to imitate their now master, while coming to a close that fall in upon Corozon with heavy force. At once, Corozon went into convulsions of electrical shock. As the last of her energetic tremors came to an end, she fell hard and fast, landing upon the rocks below. She lay there unconscious. Her wings of energy essence, though drained of life, had transformed into flames of fired heart. Her locks of hair now layered of fiery red and fierce orange; her eyes set just as intent.

~•*•~

Corozon’s look was of dread, as she bring her hands to clasp in front of her face. “I’m guessing that’s when Edan thought to leave me for dead. I’m guessing that’s when he made his way to…” Corozon paused, looking at Malaika with uncertainty. “You never told me. Though I don’t know I really want to know, do I? Edan made it to Tat’s, didn’t he? He brought fired fury down on her home?”
Malaika didn’t need to answer, she already knew just by looking into his eyes. The deeper she gaze, the deeper she fell into Malaika’s memories. Through flitters of snow, flames as high as the redwood, and as loud as a lion’s roar; his memories weave within her visions. Commotions of undesired confusion and trepidation swarmed about all she see. Then carved into the background of deafening noises, she could hear another kind of commotion. Frenzied, irrational, and inharmonious. They were the faeries of who’d lost themselves in the night’s full moon affects. Her own senses of fear then arising further, as she begin to speculate what happened thereafter. All that Malaika had seen and felt, including his constant fear and concern for her own self, had very quickly become her own memories. 
Peering into another’s mind, and seeing as they saw, was something she’d never succeeded in doing with such clarity. However, these were memories she wished she’d never seen.

Corozon wasn’t quite sure whether she wanted to cry of sorrow, or scream in anger. So she did both, falling forward onto Malaika’s shoulder. Kissing her on thy crown, he tried to reassure her that everything was going to be fine. That all about Tatiana’s would be healed and mended. It was only going to take some time. 
Corozon wanted to remain in positive mind more than anything. But at present, she couldn’t shake the feelings of further ill misfortunes to come. She dreaded the thought of having to step foot anywhere near Tatiana’s home. 
Her first stop, however, had to be her own home. She needed to see that Crystabella was still there, and that she was okay. Corozon then briefly explaining that when Crystabella inquired of Edan’s plans, she’d swore at him, telling him that she would never let him follow through. When she’d threatened to tell others, he took his backhand across her face. As they further argued, Crystabella was beaten beyond belief. On escaping out the doors, Edan threatened her further. He told her that the next time she defied him… she wouldn’t be so lucky. 



Some pains should never be felt.
Through pains of hell, it can at times 
become hard to see our worth.
The moments of despair and distortion,
becoming what seems our every sight of life.
What we must remember is this…
Whether it be brought on by another,
or by that of our own selves.
We must never allow the feverish burn 
to undermine our true essence.
We must believe in the strength, 
and the beauty that we most definitely are.


Chapter Nine
DEFILE

The pretty princess will endure days of heartache. 
The wicked witch will be blessed with days of love. 
Little be it known, that they are one in the same person. 
Who they are is only defined by one's perceptions.

Stepping through the front door, Corozon was overwhelmed with feelings of excruciating pain, extreme anguish, and regrettable torture. Feeling out the direction in which the most unbearable hurt came, Corozon ran in the direction of her guest bathroom. The door was locked.
“Crystabella?” Corozon whispered with light knock. She didn’t want to frighten her, for the strong emotions emerging were making Corozon physically ill. Leaning against the door, with her forehead to its wooden frame, her hand held the handle as though she were waiting for it to be unfastened. 
Still in whisper, fear swelling through her every voiced word, she asked. “Crystabella, are you okay? Sweetheart, what’s going on in there?”
It was silent besides the sparse shift or the occasional weep heard in every few breaths passed. 
“Crystabella. Please let me in. Let me help you?”

Malaika couldn’t feel the intensity of pain coming from behind the doors, though he was able to sense enough to know that she was incredibly distraught. He stood behind and to the left of where Corozon stand. His eyes cast upon his love, whose own eyes shed of troubled hurt. She turned her back to the door, sliding down onto the floor. She pulled her knees up in front of her chest. Placing her hands either side, she noted the damp to her right. It was coming from beneath the doorframe. At first she’d presumed it was just water. But as she turned her head to look down, she became evermore alarmed. 
It was blood. 
Shooting straight back up from her seated position, she turned to face the door. Slapping the door twice with heavy force, she yelled, “Crystabella! This time I am not asking. Open – this – door – now!”
Crystabella was in no right frame of mind to answer. Corozon belted the door with strained fists. The door falling hard against the marbled flooring. There was blood smeared on the floor, the basin, and all about the bath. Sitting at the very corner of the bathtub was Crystabella. She sat there as white as a ghost; blood filled towels wrapped around both her wrists. Corozon was immediately at her side, cradling her head of emptied hurt and curdling pain. 
“I’m sorry, Corozon. I’m so sorry. I’ve caused such a mess. I’m so sorry.” Shaking her head profusely, her forehead upon her knees, Crystabella kept repeating beneath a mumbled breath, “I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m sorry. I’m sorry.” She gave forth to a river of tormented scars.
Corozon could feel every shred of Crystabella’s despondency. Her heart bled for her of painful tears. “Sweetheart. Don’t be silly.” Corozon then trying to lighten the situation, “This mess. What mess? I was just thinking that this place could do with a touch of something else.”
Beneath the depression of blue and of bleak, a slight turn of the mouth tried to surface. “I don’t think you quite had this in mind though, Corozon.”
Smiling back, Corozon simply stroked Crystabella’s hair. She did not feel that asking what happened, right in that present moment, was to bring any answers or closure to the situation at hand. For now, Crystabella just needed a friend. She needed to know she was loved. For it was obvious she felt of no such thing.
Looking up at Malaika who stood in the frame of the door; waiting, listening, wanting to help, though not quite sure what he could do; Corozon asked if he could help her remove the towels wound tight. Corozon was uncertain of the damage beneath. She was worried about further blood loss. Crystabella’s natural healing capabilities would have already kicked in; though dependent on the depth and severity of the wounds, it was best that Corozon helped with thy process. 
Clasping at the crystal on the leather bound chain, Corozon shook it twice within her hand. The dust of Estralas Encantado now lay in her palm. 
Malaika removed the first towel closest to him. Corozon gasped at the desperate and clear cuts that ran up Crystabella’s arm like a ladder. Corozon had to bite her lip and close her eyes, calming the broiled emotions that were surfacing from her depths. She’d heard some of Crystabella’s heavy thoughts. They swelled within like a blizzard of violent assail. 
Misting the heaven’s dust of stars upon thy wounds, she placed her hand at a slight distance from the skin itself. A light of incandescent glow then hail from Corozon’s hand, binding Crystabella’s arm in energetic heal. Within three winks of times heartbeat, all that was left was the blurs of blood that smudge the length of her forearm. 
The second arm was no better.

Wanting to clean Crystabella up, Malaika left the girls to it. She was still far too weak to stand, her body still needing a few more minutes to rejuvenate from the blood loss. Though it was also her mind that was causing her strengths failing. Her mind that was still cursing upon all she believed she’d done wrong. Slowly, Corozon slipped the blood stained clothes from Crystabella’s frail frame. She then reached behind to snatch the sponge, gently wiping away at the remaining moments gone. 
Cleaning up the last of the blood, Corozon helped her to her feet. 

~•*•~

Once dressed, Corozon held firmly about Crystabella’s waist, guiding her to thy guest bedroom. Corozon pulled back the blankets, coaching thy broken spirit beneath.
Resting her dismal mind, Corozon then sat beside. Malaika was at the doorway, bringing forth a warm cup of cocoa. Corozon knew it was wrong to ask right then, though her troubled intrigue got the better of her. “Crystabella, my love. Why? Why would you be so reckless? I had never thought that my eyes would perceive such impulsive, imprudent, and painful self-harm.”
The look of fright and furious rage hemorrhaged from Crystabella’s sight, while the heavy beat of her chest, pound of displeased ache in her throat. She pulled herself up, pushing her back against the bedhead. She’d drained all tears by this stage, there was no sorrow left to be felt. Fear? Yes. A slow burn of venom beneath the surface? It was waiting its time to emerge.
“I despise that I regret, though I do. My actions were weak. I understand that. Though it does not change my feeling’s upon all that has happened. Nor does it make me any less vengeful for that of the man who took so much from me. I am a witch, a monster, for having allowed myself to be placed in such positions of acrimony, among other horrendous and ghastly acts. What if I am completely deluded, and it was I who gave him permission, or worse, had encouraged him in one way or another? I’m such an idiot. I’m so angry with myself!”
Corozon interrupt. “Don’t you dare blame yourself! Is this why you?”
Clearing her throat, Crystabella tried to explain. “Corozon, I spoke to you of the abuse. How he’d ill-treated me in more ways than one over the passing month. How he’d forced himself upon me, never allowing me a chance to breathe, to defend myself. I promise I told him no, again, and again. But he chose not to hear.”
Crystabella paused to catch her breath, as she then disclosed further hideous mistake. She confessed to her long time fear of losing Edan’s falsified love. She spoke of their deplorable times upon Earth. She acknowledged that she should have come forth and addressed Tatiana upon that first ever full moon torment. She also admitted to her most recent undoing, where against her better judgment, she had chosen not to listen, yet again. Where instead she only scream and speak down to an endearing friend, who had only tried to be there for her. That against her better judgment, she had run back into the arms of evil itself – again.
Crystabella had been living a lie. She thought if she told herself enough times that it was she who had control, and not he, then it would be true. She tried telling herself that she was worthy of more. She was worthy of love and respect… more than he or her own self had ever allowed her to believe. 
It was one thing to say it aloud. It was a completely different thing altogether, to believe those words deep within the intensities of her soul. For in truth, she still believed no such thing. 
All of which Corozon hear, then being the catalyst to Crystabella’s self-harm. Why for a few short ages in time, she came to believe that she was better off dead; that everyone was better off without her.

This was to be the first time Malaika had heard so much of who Edan was, and to what he was capable of doing. For a split second, Malaika even allowed his own emotions to swallow him whole. There was once a time where he too had permitted himself drawn into Edan’s web of deceit and torture. He thanked god for the love of his Corozon.

Corozon would spend the remainder of thy morning, holding Crystabella in heartfelt embrace, allowing her to speak of anything she must. Corozon would not pass judgment, and she would understand that it was much too early to bring any real healing about.
Time. Time was all Crystabella needed now. Time would heal her wounds.



To steer a course of unknown
To sail the seas of unchartered and new
Be there courage and strength
And belief in reflection
Take pride in the blessing of you


Chapter Ten
JOURNEY

May the paths exploration, be the embodied heart
of thy paths final destination.

Stones of glistening splendor, in violet, green, and blue. Trees that grow in magnificent form, both the smaller, and that of thy grand. They bind as one, their origins conforming from a single seed beneath the sterling silver falls. The soils are of glittered sands, while the grasses and mosses held of lustrous harlequin and paris greens. Flowers were aplenty and glowed, of a magic’s fluorescent heart. From the simplicity of the daisy that grow in every color of thy rainbow, to the vibrancy of the purple, orange, and pink tulip. From the boldness and elegance of thy white cat’s whiskers, to the depth and desire of thy blue rose. Every tree, flower, shrub, and stone, bringing with it powers of heal and restore, love and light. The Forests of Felicity stemming out for miles on end, no one part of less significance and illumination than the next. 
At the very core of its existence lay thy Eternal Falls: a waterfall of two exquisite parts. That of which could be seen, and that of which could not. The power within these falls was of more power than any faerie ever dream to dance within. The fall being one of silver stream. The entire breadth of land being only known by a single few. 
A thousand years prior, Tatiana cast the enchanted domain under a spell of concealment. This being done for the protection of all her realm’s people; for some had prior to this time, abused her nature’s resplendent powers for minds dreadful ego ways. These flawless grounds were held of the name – thy Forests of Felicity. 

~•*•~

Only days prior to her daunting disappearance, Tatiana had divulged all details to Corozon. This was a venture in which Corozon had always dreamed of taking, though never had she dreamt of making it without her queen. Nor had she thought she’d be taking it now. 
Unfortunately, thou people’s stars of Elysium power had depleted one year too soon, and thy Forests of Felicity was the only place of where Estralas Encantado was birthed. The responsibility of being sure that thy realm’s supply was fed was now placed on Corozon’s shoulders. She would venture into the mystical lands she had never before set her feet. She would cast la Rosa de Prata beneath thy sands of crystal force.

Malaika, Lyric, Eeowyn, and Prima would travel the distance by Corozon’s side. Eeowyn was one of the very few fae who actually knew of the forests location. He’d always taken the journey with Tatiana, but only ever stood on the outskirts of its power, alongside Kailen and Faro each time. 
Faro was a great man, and an essential part of Eterna Fadas. He is the keeper to all spells of thy faerie realm. He lives within thy Hills of Honor that are located just beyond the Felicity Forests, and that of thy Dell of Depression. 
With Tatiana currently not present, Faro would be the only other soul who could give them thy spell’s key to enter the enchanting lands that bound thy Eternal Falls. 
Corozon was uncertain of what her eyes were soon to behold, though she did know that it would be a journey of more than she’d ever conceived. 

~•*•~

Gliding of grace, Corozon come to stand upon the railing of thy majestic bridge. She was set out front of Tatiana’s chateau – or least what was left of it. Within her hands she held la Rosa de Prata firm. “I’ll do you proud, Tat,” she whispered.
Corozon cast her eyes once more upon the devastation. All that was essentially left standing, were a couple of exterior stonewalls, fragments of the walls within, and a few pieces of furniture that were lucky enough not to be held in full flame like the rest. All else, however, had been reduced to nothing more than ash and soot.

It was thou morning after. 

Gazing at the ruins before her, Corozon was overcome with feelings of both sorrowed suffering, and eager excitement. Her heart still pained of all that had resulted, though she was also desirably avid for what the days to follow would bring. It had already been arranged, and all were to be meeting by the field of red poppies, on the outskirts of thy Feather Vale’s homes. Though the grounds were covered of snow, all knew where it was she’d implied.
From behind her feet, to the end of thy bridge’s railing, Malaika then came to land. He stepped forward, one foot in front of the other; Corozon’s eyes still lost within the remains and thy debris. Placing the last of his steps at her heels, his footing slipped upon the snow and ice. Corozon snapped back her hand, grasping at his shoulder strong. Her powers of sight and sense had grown, and were increasing on a daily basis.
“Nice catch, my queen.” Malaika wrapping his arms around her waist from behind. “You may soon tire of me. My powers and senses are becoming of nothing in comparison to your own.”
Though Malaika was of sarcasm, Corozon sometimes wondered whether his pride’s ego may take precedent over his heart’s desires, having him resent her for being in the position she be. In turn, she tried to nurture his pure thought into a place of absolute serenity within the shadings of energy itself. However, too many a time his mind would slip into false thought, of doubt, and within ego’s erred ways. Therefore never allowing him to delve into the full capacity of his own fueled abilities.

Corozon, on the other hand, was arousing, encouraging, and learning of more with each passing day. Every morning she awake, she would make her way directly to the arbor at the very heart of thy sanctuary. There she would center herself through meditation, calling upon the strength and properties of all surrounding crystals on the Clearing. It was there that she would not only find peace, but she would find answers, being guided by her higher self and that of thy divine. Each day she would hold within her hands, thou power and beauty of la Rosa de Prata, Tatiana’s staff. Focusing in on its energy core, Corozon would try to further become one with its omnipotence. Though la Rosa had no desire to be of any more to Corozon than Tatiana had bestowed. La Rosa spoke only one heart. Unfortunately, her pure and powerful essence had begun to fade. It was she who held thou full source of Estralas Encantado for all thy realm; however, la Rosa now hold very little magic of the pure stardust substance within. 

~•*•~

Eeowyn and Prima were the last to join them. 
In a season of winter’s present grace, in amongst the endless white; lay a field of pleasant poppies, lay a field of pleasant perfume. It was an artist’s splash of rich red rouge painted perfectly upon a sheer white canvas. 
Corozon and Malaika had arrived well before the others. Coming close to where they needed to land, Corozon asked la Rosa to merge with her own power, to bring about an early spring within this singular wing of thy valley. Drifting softly down to her snow filled fields, Corozon position la Rosa into thou soils of snow. She gently spoke thy rhyme of heart.

Winter beauty
Be thy close
Spring resplendent 
Poppies pose
One mile west 
East, south, and north
Warmth of color
Bring thee forth

La Rosa sought what power she had left, piercing thy Mother’s grounds beneath with a light and warmth of growth and thirst. Within only moments, all about Corozon and Malaika stood the most resplendent red poppies to have graced their view. Corozon then lay down within the poppies opium perfume, awaiting all others arrivals. She was at peace. 
Corozon had asked them all to meet her within the field of poppies for that precise reason. The scent of poppy would bring to them sensations of harmonious cloud. It would help relieve any pain, or fear of mind, as it was Corozon’s desire that they all begin their journey in just this way. 

~•*•~

Before all five’s morning drift through any further time, Lyric rose to his feet, a loud clap echoing from his hands and throughout the valleys. “Let’s go! It’s a three-day journey is it not? Let’s go, let’s go, let’s go!”
“You’re rather ambitious Lyric. Though you’re right, we should get going. Three long days it shall be.” Eeowyn making comment in wise tone before he add, “Provided we don’t run into any interference that is.”
All were now to their feet, turning to look at Eeowyn with question. Corozon being the only one who asked all they’d each thought. “What was that meant to mean?”
Eeowyn smiled of cheek. “Be we of no concern. Nor shall we make it a concern at any point in time. I regress, and I take back my words.”
No one believe him, though figure they would come to meet this so called interference if need be, and deal with it then. The harmonious feelings encompassing thee had helped soothe all undesired thought.

With no time to wait, Corozon then rise to the fresh breezes of thy crisp morning’s beat. “Come on, I have a dream to seek out.” 
With that, all five faeries were then to the skies of entrancing pearl glow. The violet and green forms all shading within a dance of winter’s silver lining. 

~•*•~

Remaining of courtesy, gratitude and love, Corozon had been sure to glide through the passing townships at a slower pace, bowing her head to all she sight. 
Eeowyn made comment that although her actions were admirable, and would be felt within by all, it was only going to make their journey that little more extended. Corozon was disappointed, but understood. She flew at a height well above the lands from that moment onward. 
Come mid afternoon, all five faeries decline from flight to rest for a little by the Auroral stream. 
The Auroral stream flowed a magnificent solid glow of red, green and yellow. The vibrant colors moved rhythmically within the gentle currents song. Alongside the stream were miles of endless pine trees. It was still of winter days here also, though no longer did the snow seem to fall. They had only rested a short time before they were once again to the skies.

The sun was now setting in the west. Corozon had been within a blanket of clouds, when from beneath her she’d heard their call to descend. Eeowyn knew that thy village of Belliant was not too far in the distance. All were so exhausted. He’d thought it best they stop for the night. 
Belliant was a lively village of dance, song and act. These were a people of plenty: bold, cheek, rather reckless at times, ostentatious all the time. Not exactly the best place to rest their weary head, but it would be several more hours before they reached another town. This would do them just fine. Eeowyn had his own wee smirk of a reason to descend her also.  

~•*•~

Landing within thou cobbled streets, they were automatically surrounded. Everyone was rather ecstatic to see them. A particular petite faerie maiden was found to be pushing through the crowd of energetic color. All stepped aside as they each looked left or right to where she be. 
“Good evening, Eeowyn, Corozon.” She alleged in a very proper tone, as she moved to the forefront of all who’d gathered very quickly. She was a delicate beauty of jade and violet hair, though very strong in her word so it seem. 
She paused, looking about at each of the other three intensely. It was like she were searching for something.
“Lyric,” she pronounced as he nod his head to affirm.
“Prima.”
“Yes, that’s right,” Prima declaring her correct with excitement. 
“And, Malaika,” who also nod his head in agreement.
Stepping towards Eeowyn, she then forgot all formalities, and jumped into his arms.
“Ceearne!” Eeowyn smirked. It seemed Eeowyn were just as excited to see her as she was he.
“I saw you coming. It has been such a very long time. I don’t remember the last time I saw you.” The beautiful woman remarked as she stepped back from their embrace.
“You don’t remember the last time you saw me?” Eeowyn smirked widely as he asked. For though it was a question, it was a question he obviously thought was absurd she be asking.
“Well, okay, maybe I do.” A cheeky grin displayed before she then exclaimed. “69 years, 1 month, 18 days.” Adding then after she gazed up into the sky. “Though it was still within thou mid afternoon sun that I greeted you last, and one day thereafter within the dawn of thy new day that we said our goodbyes.”
Corozon was speechless as her jaw possibly dropped to the ground alongside Lyric, Malaika, and Prima’s.
Eeowyn’s energy had become rather enthusiastic and eager upon seeing Ceearne. He’d then taken her hand and turn to face the others. “This is Ceearne. She is a very dear friend of mine, a friendship that goes back thousands of years.”
Ceearne’s eyes shone from beneath the fringes of her hair. Averting her gaze from Eeowyn, she cast thy regards upon Corozon, Prima, and the two boys. Her eyes really were magnificent. Corozon could not help but stare in admiration. They were of the most vivacious and electric pure purple. They pierced you in more ways than one. Though not in a bad way, just one in where you immediately knew she could see more than most. As Corozon later found out, Ceearne was an oracle. She had foresight well beyond any other faerie that anyone know. She also had a memory like nothing that any had ever seen. She could recall anything and everything, going back thousands of years, down to precise times, colors, feelings held; everything, you name it. 
As for the relationship she and Eeowyn have, that was more than obvious. Both of their energy essence’s had thrown touches of pink and red from the moment they’d laid eyes on one another. 

“Come. You will sit, eat, and enjoy a performance,” Ceearne then leading the way to a giant hall. All five being incredibly thankful for being out of thy cold air. This far north, it was very rare to see snow, though it was still incredibly cool, and the breezes could still slice through thou cores like ice-cold knives.
Thy grand doors open. Before their very eyes was a spectacular pageant. They were immediately put into merriment shock from three faeries whom unexpectedly dropped from above in accelerated pace. Each were dressed in brightly colored court jester attire. Malaika and Lyric then finding themselves a step taken back as thy performers all started in song: show tune style.

“Welcome, welcome. Oh please won’t thou come in.
Please enjoy the show to come and have a little din.
Be it sweet, be it savory, a drink or two or three.
Be we sing and dance a show, performing just for thee.
Dee ho diddly dum, a gift for you from me.”

They’d each then been taken by the hand, and led toward a very large and imperial table. It was the full length of thy imposing stage. 
As Corozon was seated, her eyes began darting about the room. There was not one space that was not filled with decorations and displays of grand style and colors of splendor. Upon every wall were pictures of shows they had apparently performed – all drawn, framed, and hung in meticulous order. Spiraling up and around the frames were flowered vines in every color under the sun. The hall was lit with extravagant, and striking, yet unusually shaped candelabras. The flames at the tip of each wick exploding like miniature firework displays every now and then. The entire length and width of the ceiling was the most divine artistic creation, Corozon had ever seen. The colors used were mesmerizing. It was a mural of heavenly stars and moons, of suns, and animals of flight. The way that every part pirouette and meld into the next; it created a suggestive flow of unity within all thy elements, and was beyond any descriptive word Corozon could think of. At the very forefront of thou hall was a magnificent timber stage. Beautiful, big, red velvet curtains were currently drawn. Though it was only minutes before they were pulled back to reveal the most bizarre yet sublime sight of every creature that were ever considered mythical by man. The backdrop was painted in deep navy, embellished by small fragments of silver, blue, and violet crystals that surged in crisp sharp peaks, and gentle waves of swirls. All was exaggerated and beautiful beyond what it need be. Though it seemed to be that most things were done in excess here. 

They’d only just been seated, when it seems the main performance of song and dance was about to begin. Food and drinks were in abundance, placed directly in front of each. Malaika and Lyric’s eyes opened wide, as they look upon their meals like bloodhounds ready to pounce their prey. They devoured their food as though they hadn’t eaten in a decade. Prima sat and stared in awe at the entertainers upon the stage. She nibbled at her food every now and then, jumping from her seat in excited applaud the rest of the time. Eeowyn seemed to have been preoccupied in deep conversation and tease with Ceearne. Corozon was finding this quite amusing. She’d never seen Eeowyn act in such a manner. Eeowyn was always so conventional and private, an honorable man of integrity and reliability. Never had she seen him with his guard down in such a way; so open and carelessly flirtatious. His cavernous eyes, and his energy essence of immersed red and yellow was rather becoming of him, instead of his generalized wings of white wisdom.
However, this then had her own mind swelling. She’d been so preoccupied with all that had been going on, that she’d left the one part of herself that was always on demand to the tailpiece of her mind. It had been four days. Four days! That would be equivalent to four years for anyone else.  
Corozon had barely taken a bite to eat. Her mind was elsewhere. Moving her hand beneath the table, she positioned it gently upon Malaika’s knee. He was still consuming mouthful after mouthful of food. He’d just gone to reach for the sweets when… 
Instantly, Malaika tensed, paused all possible motion, and breathed in deep as Corozon whispered something in his ear. Corozon’s own demeanor had already become very fanciful, and rather a little restless. Malaika’s energy essence, subsequently, beginning to spark hints of deep passionate red itself. It never took much to get these two started. 
Interrupting Ceearne and Eeowyn, Corozon asked where it was they could rest up. She’d stated they were tired, and that they’d better get a good night’s sleep, seeing as they had another long day ahead of them tomorrow. Ceearne giggled bashfully as she took note of the desirable flashes within Malaika’s wings.
“Hmm… hmm… yes a long day ahead you all do have.”
Looking then up from under her beautiful, long eyelashes, she grinned toward Eeowyn. “It’s probably about time you got some rest too.”
Eeowyn’s smile could have lit up the entire room as he nod in accord. Corozon couldn’t help it as she then found herself in hysterics, speaking the truth of all their desires. “Who are we kidding? I know what I want, and it ain’t no sleep!”

Corozon quickly declared to Prima and Lyric that they were all headed to bed, and that they should both consider heading there soon themselves. Though neither Prima nor Lyric were ready for sleep as yet. Lyric just waved his hand over his head, not really paying much attention. His eyes were still fixated on his food, and that of the show he’d unexpectedly found himself enjoying. Prima had been lost in the performance from the very beginning, and there was no way she had any intention of leaving before the finale`.
Ceearne then interject with a pounce, placing one hand on each of their shoulders, pushing them aside just slightly. “Hey!” Her voice loud and flamboyant. “Did you hear Corozon? We’re all heading up to bed.”
Lyric cocked his head to the right. “Yes, we heard her, and now we hear you… rather loudly might we add.”
“Okay. Just checking.” Ceearne was so vivacious.
“So then… when you are ready to head to bed yourselves, just ask Patrina over there,” pointing to a tall, eccentric looking woman with multicolored wings, “Ask her politely to show you the way to thy Captain’s lodge. There inside you will find a man by the name of Andreev. Captain Andreev he prefers to be called. Let him know who you are. He has already been informed that you will be staying in thy guest quarters.” She paused, looking at Lyric, and then Prima. Both were still intently engrossed in watching the performance. She tapped them both across the back of the head. “You got it?”
Lyric snapped his head to the side, gazing directly into her eyes and affirmed. “Patrina – there,” pointing at the woman in the corner with the multicolored wings, “Captain’s Lodge – Captain Andreev. Is there anything more I should know?”
Lyric was becoming somewhat brazen lately, and at times could also be found to be a little oversensitive. The longevity of being in a place of uncertainty when it came to the one woman he would do anything for… it was starting to take its toll. 
Ceearne then add before she leave them to it. “Just don’t stay up too late. Corozon is right. You all have another long day ahead of you tomorrow.”
Then she left, with Eeowyn in hand. Malaika and Corozon in lively step just behind. 

~•*•~

Lyric and Prima stayed and watched the show until the very end. It was then to be a few hours thereafter before they’d even consider eventuating in the direction they were told. Both faeries had begun speaking about random nothingness. The conversation then taking a more deepened tone as Prima spoke about a man she’d loved for as long as time itself. She very willingly opened up to Lyric about the loss she had then been dealt with almost nineteen years prior. He and two other of thy Armarrian people had gone out in a blizzard of a winter’s storm. They were out looking for another by the name of Trinset. Trinset had not returned home after three days, from what should have been a half day round trip to one of the nearby villages. Two days later, Trinset, and the other of two faeries returned; though the man in whom she’d love so dearly was nowhere in sight. A single tear shed from Prima’s eye.
“To this day, I am still left in the dark. No one ever told me what came of him. For two years I sought him out as I travelled from one town to the next. I found myself going round and round in circles in the end. Never any sign or any questions answered. Though it was on those travels that I came to meet Corozon and Kailen. Both being friendships that I shall forever hold dear. Queen Tatiana had come to see on me also, though I had met her before. All three helped me to see things in a different manner. They had me come to a place of absolute gratitude, being thankful for the magnitude of time that we’d had together, instead of bitter and cold for the time we did not. Two weeks later I’d left Feather Vale, returning home to Armarria. I was like nothing of which I had come to be. I became as you see me today.”
A dull and dismal look had come to dwell upon Lyric’s face.
“I’m sorry,” Prima expressed, “Did I say something to upset you?”
“No, not at all. Though you say you know of Tatiana?”
“Yes. She was the most beautiful, compassionate, and patient being I had ever come across. She’d often visited Armarria over the years. It is beyond unthinkable what has happened to her.”
Prima could see tears welting within Lyric’s eyes, even though his head was tilted towards the floor.
“You were very close weren’t you?”
Lyric’s initial response from beneath his breath was a simple, “Yes.”
His initial quiet then becoming of many words, as Lyric chose to disclose of that in which he and Tatiana had kept private for far too many years. He spoke of how their intensified love was a union long bound before they’d even laid eyes on one another. How two kindred spirits had dreamt of the other long before they’d even first met. And that upon taking his first glance on the being who’d already captured his heart behind closed eyes; that there was no denial to be made. It was beyond the physical and the mental. Their souls were truly one and the same.
Lyric also acknowledged Prima’s words, agreeing that Tatiana’s patience and compassion stood well above any other. He then spoke about his love of travel and exploration. He explained that alongside Tatiana’s busy life as queen, they did not see one another anywhere near as much as they’d like, especially alone. But that the time they did spend together, was beyond anything he could have ever dreamed. 
Tatiana always said. If you loved someone endlessly, than distance was only a matter of mind, and not of thy heart. That true love’s wings only knew of heavenly breezes, for love of timeless purity had no limits.
The emotions Tatiana brought out in him were nothing short of thy divine’s hand itself. Lyric described her as the most pristine and unique jewel to have ever been cast from thy heavens. He was bound to spend an eternity with her, no questions asked.
Prima then had to ask, “Why is it than that no one knew of your union?”
He answered. “Tatiana is queen. She is a woman on show for all, all of the time. People knew of her almost every move. Very rarely was she unaccompanied by someone; and that was only because all loved her so much, and she loved them all just the same. I became, in a sense, her escape. The one place where she could just be. She didn’t have to be everyone’s best friend, she didn’t have to be thy queen. She was simply my Tatiana, who just happened to have been the most endeared and wanted woman in all this realm.”
Lyric then smiled an army of sunlit skies, his tone then softening. “But in those brief moments – she was just mine.” 

~•*•~

Standing out amongst the pastures of golden green grasses, Corozon looked all about them. Many had gathered to bid their farewells and best wishes. The sun was barely above the peaks of thy Glider Mountains in the far northeast. Behind them to the south, the Glacier Mountains stood of cold and undesired at present. Thankfully, they were headed north.
Eeowyn had enjoyed the most splendid of nights. He carried an extra skip in his step, or shall we say lift to his flight. He was the last to raise his feet from the kindness of Mother Earth’s floors. Part of him wanting nothing more than to stay. Rising from the ground, he turned, leaned forward, and planted one last glorious kiss upon Ceearne’s lips. There was no knowing when he would see her again. Well… not for Eeowyn anyhow. Ceearne had seen of their next meeting, though Ceearne very rarely ever disclosed of what she see.
She always said fate was a funny thing, that there was no certainty of anything to pass. She said there was no such thing as the perfect path, and no such thing as one path. She said that we each choose our paths of destiny within every choice we make. Even from as insignificant as what we plan on having for breakfast. Therefore, fate, as so many label it, changes all the time. The only predetermined course that would ever be made, was the one in which you choose in that very moment. If you hold true to that choice within every waking morning, and within every eyes of sleep, than it would be. Unfortunately, it can take only one simple silly doubt or fear to override every possible positive outcome. 

As Corozon, Malaika, Lyric, Eeowyn, and Prima flew off into the warmth and adventure of thy new day; Ceearne hollered a comment while having thy winds pick up her every word, carrying them within ear’s reach. “Remember your days are just as you see within mind’s eye. Grant it to be of beauty’s truth and magic. It is you who has the power. You are the creator of all that is, and all that is to be.”
Corozon then looked over her shoulder at Eeowyn, who was coming up from behind. “I really like her. She suits you well.”
Eeowyn smiled from ear to ear, before proceeding to the front of all five faeries. “Let’s do this. We have only blue skies ahead. Let’s try and make it as far as Parescence.” His spirits were beyond that of high.
All agreed. It was to be a day of no injustice.

~•*•~
 
Come sundown, all had once again exhausted themselves. Beauty arose within their minds as Corozon and Eeowyn remarked that the township of Parescence was less than a few flutter’s away.
Corozon had been here with Tatiana many years ago. 

Every chateau in Parescence was of timber and vine tightly entwined. Like opulent tree houses, they were built into the high branches and canopies of thy grand trees. An array of what was quite possibly every flower that any had ever known, encompassed every inch of thy flooring below. Hence why their homes seated within the trees and not upon her Mother’s surfaced beauty. The scents in which wafted through every gasp of breeze was almost delectable. Not only could they detect the sweet scented perfumes to thousands and thousands of flowers, but the aromas of cinnamon, ginger, licorice, lemon, lime, and nutmeg, just to name a few, swarmed thy gentle winds also. Besides the abundance of generalized herbs, there were also many rare herbs harvested here. They would be sent out to any faerie village that asked. The people of Parescence were very good at grafting, melding two, sometimes three species of plant and or flower, to create something altogether unique. Corozon remembered Tatiana telling her that this was the place in which she’d first cast her eyes upon a vine of blue roses. Tatiana had thought it absolutely magnificent. She’d then incorporated them onto the front paling of her home. Not that it mattered now. 
It was also that of a summer breeze in the regions of Parescence; a very welcomed change to the cold winds and snow that had been upon them in Feather Vale for the past month.

As Corozon, and her entourage had not been blessed with very much sleep the night prior, they’d all found themselves to be well beyond the feelings of fatigue. Eeowyn had been the worst, as he’d not one wink of sleep, making the most of every diminutive moment his lustful night with Ceearne gave.

Landing upon a quaint, but fantastical little balcony that wrapped around the entire tree house and tree itself, Corozon stepped forward to knock. As her knuckle went to rap against the just as quaint door… it opened, and there stood Lavender. Her smile was as wide and alluring as a horizon itself. Lavender was the prettiest, little blonde faerie. Her hair was in piggy tails while flowers weaved into her every pleat. Her ensemble was one of many fine layers, sprawled out to look like the petals of a blossom. She may have been little, but her enthusiasm made up for her size as she squealed in delight, wrapping her arms about Corozon’s waist, hopping on the spot in excitement as she did. “Corozon, my gorgeous friend.”
“Hello, Lavender.” Corozon taking a deep breath in as Lavender continue to hold her in overjoyed embrace. Lavender’s scent was of lavender itself. It was incredibly calming, which actually only brought the feeling of utter exhaustion to the surface even more so.
Above them came a strong and husky voice. “Did I hear the name, Corozon?”
Everyone looked up, as another delightful, and somewhat unusual looking faerie by the name of Luca, stuck his head down over his own gracious terrace. Through half closed eyes, Corozon blissfully smiled in return, “Hello, Luca.” 
Then returning her gaze back to Lavender, she did her best to seem pleased to see them, for in fact she was, she was just incredibly tired, “And thy beautiful Lavender. How are you? It’s been a long time.”
Lavender first agreed that it had been, though noting the looks of weariness upon each of their faces, she very quickly invited them in. 

At first glance of Lavender’s home from the outside, you would be mistaken into thinking that there was little room inside. When in fact, it was the complete opposite. Stepping through the front door, it was as though you were being transported to another abode altogether. 
It was unbelievably large within. Of course, the interior look of her home was just as dainty as she. Almost everything was of a floral design: her lounge, the cushions upon her lounge, the rug, the dining table, the backs and the bottoms of the dining chairs, even the curtains were of the same layered effect as her dress. But somehow, it worked. 
Lavender was incredibly bubbly and talkative. Corozon had tried to interject a few times, though continue to be cut off by Lavender, who had done more than enough talking for all of them. Corozon could only smile as Lavender continued. “What a pleasant, pleasant surprise to have you all here. I do look forward to getting to know each of you better over breakfast in the morning. I presume you are all from Feather Vale, like Corozon? Well accept for you, Eeowyn.” Smiling, as she looked back over her shoulder in his direction. “How have you been? Sorry, how silly of me, don’t answer that, you are all so tired. How far have you come today? Oh dear, don’t answer that either. I should really learn to hush, shouldn’t I? We will talk and reminisce in the early part of tomorrow. Right now, it does seem that you all require some much needed sleep. I have two guest rooms. I shall leave the sleeping arrangements of who sleeps with who in your capable hands. But if you need me… please be sure to call on me. I am only ever more than happy to assist.” She giggled to herself, “Oh dear, I’m doing it again.” All other had to chuckle alongside her.  

Standing to the fork of two separate rooms, Lavender gestured all forward. “I’ll see you in the morning.”
Corozon and Eeowyn give Lavender beautiful big hugs, thanking her for her immediate hospitality, though also apologizing for their lack of enthusiasm and their sight of tired and worn. Lavender told them there was no need for apologies and that they were being silly. She loved having guests. “Even if they are tired and worn,” she added, before she then left them to settle their selves into a peaceful night’s sleep.

~•*•~

The following morning, all were awake and chipper, well before the sun had even awoken itself. Lavender was also well awake and could be heard in the kitchen whisking away. Corozon choosing to leave the four conversing while she made her way to the breakfast parlor. She swung the hinged door of thy kitchen forward. “Good morning, beautiful lady,” Corozon greeting Lavender as she stepped within eye’s view.
“Good morning, Corozon. How are you and the others feeling this morning?”
“We are well, thank you. I’m sorry for our drained and dismal manners last night. It has been a long few days.”
Lavender just smiled, again reassuring Corozon that there was no need for apologies. 
Helping Lavender with the last of the preparations for breakfast, Corozon spoke of where they were headed, what they had been up to over the years, and the loss of Tatiana. 
“She is still there, Lavender. We don’t know of exactly where, but I know it, I believe it with all of my heart. We will find her.”
“Of course you will,” Lavender concurred.

Once all were seated for their breakfast feast, Corozon properly introduced everyone. Just as they were about to get started, Luca popped his head in at the side window. 
“Good morning all. How is everyone feeling this fine and beautiful morning?”
Lavender look up as she pour out some tea. She rolled her eyes back in mocking manner, “Come on, Luca. Come in and join us.”
“Oh, but I couldn’t. I would hate to interrupt.”
His own sarcasm and effervescent nature was nothing unusual. He was always so gay in speech, and in movement, always the life of the party. However, Luca was not the first to then break the morning chatter, as four more come flying through the window; two had been polite enough to use the front door. Not that Lavender minded. She was so welcoming and forthcoming to anyone who came upon her for a visit, even if those at present were just after a grand morning feast, intrigued by her already visitors.
As all ate their breakfast, there was much talk about each and everyone’s lives. Corozon had all’s attention as she explain the entirety of chaos that had come to rest on the doorsteps of Feather Vale. All were appalled at Edan and his hunger for devastation. They were also all saddened for those who were involved. Corozon then spoke of her dreams and how she’d felt Tatiana within them. Again, she reiterated, “We will – we will find our queen. We have hope, and hope is not giving up, even when it seems that the world is conspiring against you.”
All nodded in agreement, with mouths full, and minds astir. Corozon then recall a verse in which she’d heard Tatiana speak on several occasions. 
“Accept the truth in thou pages you write. Accept what is fable and fiction. Accept what changes may be made, and accept what changes may not. Give love and gratitude to each word of thou story, even those that bring ill weighted breaths. Be it then that thy words upon thou intended pages; soar, and bring fearful to rest.”
“That is beautiful, Corozon,” Eeowyn professed in appreciation, “I had never heard Tatiana say those words before. Thank you.”
Lyric remembered hearing them, as his every thought continued to dwell of her.

With breakfast consumed, it was time to make their move. They still had a full morning’s journey ahead of them. To Faro’s place, within the Hills of Honor, that would be where they now go.
While saying their goodbyes, Lavender pulled Corozon to the side, away from her beloved companions. She had felt the slight shift in Corozon’s energy when she’d spoken of the dread they had faced, and the thought of thy passages in time that were still as yet to come. 
“Corozon, my gorgeous friend. I believe in you. Remember to close your eyes to the fractures in time. Breathe in the magic about you, and reopen to a world of all that is as you trust it to be. Never forget that you choose your perceptions, not he.”
Though Corozon’s smile was slight, her eyes spoke of her deepest gratitude. “Thank you, Lavender. I know this. Yes, there are the briefest of times where I feel so overwhelmed, allowing the doubts and fears to sink beneath my exterior.” She chuffed. “I honestly have no idea how Tatiana held herself composed of such lighted beauty and hopefulness all of the time. I am exhausted, and have only been in this position of lead for a few months. I am not pulling this queen thing off anywhere near as well as I had hoped.”
“You’re too hard on yourself. No one expected you to become Tatiana. You just need to be you. The best you, is the one who knows that. The one I met all those years ago, with no care for any such influence. The Corozon who just lived, and had that innate knowing that everything was always going to turn out for the better.”
Lavender then paused before placing her hands upon Corozon’s shoulders, speaking with bold perceptive expression. “That is the woman who will lead this realm with more integrity and power than she ever know.”
Corozon wrapped her arms around Lavender, with the deepest of appreciation in her whisper, “Thank you. Your words mean more than I could ever express.”

For five such faeries, their day of unexpected venture was just beginning. A day to come of more than they’d ever anticipated was all that now lay in front.



See the world through the beauty of your own eyes, 
No matter how surreal it may seem to others.
If you live in your own truths, 
How can you ever be wrong?


Chapter Eleven
CONVICTION

Do not confuse yourself with the question
when the answer is often so simple.

Two days had past since that first moment of blissful encounter. Tatiana and Julian had found nothing but each other within those days of blessed passion and certainties. However, it eventually came time for reality to hit. Julian had received what was quite possibly ten phone calls in less than an hour. It was from Julian’s head office. He was urgently needed. 
Julian had to admit that he was unbelievably fortunate. He had an incredibly devoted and supportive team that worked for him. Hence why he’d been able to leave business in their capable hands for so long. 
“My love, I have to return to work. I’m so sorry. I wish I could stay. Unfortunately, I have to wake from my dream. I have to return to the life I’ve worked so hard to build.”
Tatiana knew of his sincerity; she felt the misery in his tone. Taking both his hands, she reassured him of his days to come. “Please don’t apologize. I owe you so much, for all you’ve done, and all that you are. I may not remember anything of my past before you. Though for that in which I do not remember, and during the times of which brought me moments of sorrow and anguish; guess what? I found you. You, who has brought me to a place of betterment, to an awareness of peace. I love you, and I will love you for a lifetime more. Whether you’re gone an hour, a day, or a week, I’ll still be here. I’m your mystery charm, remember.” She blushed. “I think that’s what you called me last night.” The smirk on her face was of such cheek and unique allure.  
Julian snatched her within his arms, completely enamored with his life’s every dream. “You know you make it impossible not to love you, right?” He then held her lips in ardent keep. He really didn’t want to leave. 
Over the passing few days, their relationship had bloomed. It became one of exploration and new knowing. Tatiana’s personality grew, while Julian’s queries continued to surface every now and again. Tatiana always dealing with them as needed. She’d found ways to calm his restless curiosity. She found ways to have him disregard most questions within seconds.
As for her own self. She’d encouraged the feelings and the voices she heard. Not that she would ever admit that to Julian. Not at least until she thought he was truly ready to listen, and believe. 

~•*•~

The following morning, Tatiana was awoken to a kiss on the forehead. “I’m off, my love.” Not that he desired to be. His every want was of breathless beauty beneath the sheets. 
“Must you?” Tatiana requested.
“Yes, my love. I should be home before dinner.” 
She bit at her bottom lip. It drove Julian crazy. “Please stay, just a little longer,” she begged while throwing back the sheets.
How could he resist that appeal? 

Rolling onto his back, he turned to look at the antique clock on the chest of drawers to his left. 
“Shit.” It was 8:03. Panic stricken, Julian jumped from the bed and began putting his clothes on. Sighting his anxious agitation, Tatiana gently stepped out of bed, wrapping the robe about her. Leaning forward, she reached for Julian’s hand with both her own. He looked up at her, gazing into her turquoise eyes of depth and truth. 
“Tatiana, I’m…”
He did not finish his sentence. Instead he was overcome with a feeling of peace as Tatiana reassured him. “Being of angst will not have you arrive any faster to your destination. They will understand. They’re running late also.”
The words she spoke hadn’t even flinched a query. Until it was that Julian arrived at the office to find out that his clients had been running late also, almost an hour late as it turned out to be. Julian had turned up 20 minutes before they’d even stepped through his office doors. 

~•*•~

Back at home, Tatiana had taken to the shower and then dressed into an azure blouse and white skirt. Two colors in which she’d taken a liking to each day she dressed. The rose ring always placed upon her finger. 
Hearing a slight noise from within the silence of the remaining house, Tatiana made her way to the kitchen. It was Joseph. Julian had asked that he prepare Tatiana some breakfast. As she stepped from behind the corridor wall, adjacent to the kitchen, Joseph greeted her with the most gentle of smiles. “Good morning, my sweet girl. How are you feeling this fine day?”
He was so beautifully polite. There was something about him that intrigued Tatiana – in a good way. 
“I’m incredible, and yourself?”
The generalized chitchat flowed back and forth, before Joseph then made comment. “It seems you and I have much time to get to know each other, now Julian has returned back to work.”
“Yes, it seems we do.” Tatiana smiled with as much cheerful inquisitiveness as he.
Joseph placed before her, a meal of fruit, and freshly baked scones. The food went down incredibly well as she took that first bite.
“Do you mind if I join you?” Joseph asked.
“Are you really asking that of me, Joseph? I thought you seem to know better of me.” She smirked, “I would love for you to join me.”
Together they sat, ate, and bonded a friendship for a lifetime.

~•*•~

Tatiana found out that Joseph had spent most of his younger years in Tibet with his father. They’d followed the paths and beliefs of Buddhism, finding themselves enlightened by the religious practices. His father still lived there. He’d made the choice, not too long after Joseph’s 17th birthday, that he would live his days in prayer, dedicating his eternal life to serving others. 
However, Joseph was still young, and although his respect for his father’s belief was strong, he knew it was not his path. As it came to pass, it had been two years prior that Joseph had also started seeing that of spirit and other unearthly mystique. He’d tried to brush it all aside, but found they were relentless, as he continued receiving messages he simply could not ignore. He eventually came to an understanding that he had to listen to his own heart. He had to venture out into the world on his own.
Joseph was smart and invested what little money he did have wisely, always following his intuition, and never veering from his path of truth. Unfortunately, he had whole-heartedly placed his trust in some men he maybe should not have. His financial ruins came thereafter. But he never allowed this to dampen his spirits. He knew his journey to come was still one of calling. He believed that although one aspect of his path had ended, it had only ended for a reason. He was obviously needed elsewhere. He always trusted that thy universe would provide. He held complete faith that any questions he had would be answered. His following comment then taking Tatiana completely off guard.
“The night I was placed upon Julian’s path once more; I knew then that this is where I was needed. Though until you came to stand before us, I had never truly understood my purpose.”
Tatiana looked upon him with defined query. “I’m sorry, Joseph. I don’t understand.”
“It is not for either of us to understand. It is a question in which will answer itself in due time. What I do know is this… I saw you many months before you were even here. You were a vision that came to me again and again. Beyond that single vision, I was never told or shown any more. I do believe that I am to guide your sight of third eye. You, my dear, are special. Your energy is of more than any human. It is almost too confident of I to say that you are not of this world.”
“You have visions too?” Tatiana asked with a tone of intrigued elation. “What do you see? Do you hear voices? Please tell me you hear voices.”
Joseph laughed. “That is what worries you? Yes, my dear. Visions, voices, feelings that one cannot explain, and yet you know them to be of truth. Sometimes of another’s, but mostly of your own. You must always be willing to listen.”
Tatiana said not a whisper as she hear and pay attention to his every word. Words in which spoke so much of her own truth, and answered so many of the questions that plagued her.
“You must be willing to listen to your own heart, and believe in what you are being told. You will always know the difference between that of your higher self and that of your ego mind. The truth is that in which will never steer you wrong, and will only ever bring you feelings of blissful encounter. Your mind’s undesired ego ways will often taunt you, may have you feel unworthy, and will have you believe anything other than your truth, bringing doubt and fear to arise. Somehow, you do not seem to carry these internal beliefs for too long a period. You unconsciously seem to work through these moments with almost no thought. Your energy is glorious. It is of a rainbow. It is bright and magnetic. When in your presence, one cannot help but feel uplifted and of graceful well-being. There is something of you, however, that is so very much held in deep secret. It is kept in lock and key. No feelings of unwell or distraught are held there, but for whatever reason, and as much as I have focused, I have not been given any understanding as to what lays within.”
He paused. He held his hands together in prayer as he gazed with depth upon Tatiana. “My darling girl, I would be honored if you allowed me to help you uncover your true potential.”
“My true potential?” Tatiana was so overwhelmed with all she was hearing; but as always, was willing to accept it for what it was. Because just as Joseph said… the truth will never steer you wrong. It will only bring feelings of blissful encounter. 
Joseph had seen, and was seeing, so much promise and hope within the beauty before him. He knew that she was placed before Julian and he for a bigger purpose. As to what, he was still unsure, though he would continue to trust his intuition. He would trust what he had been told.

Over the following weeks, Joseph and Tatiana grew very close. Every morning they began their day in the stillness of meditation. Some days would bring further question, while others would gain them added insight. The secret box within, however, well… its bars would continue to stay locked.



Allow our present existence,
to perch on the cliffs of trust.
To bide on the boulders of belief,
and nest in the shelters of faith.
It is there in which you will hear,
that in which they will show.
It is there in which you will find,
your most grateful understanding.


Chapter Twelve
MOTION

The most influential power in the will to prevail is truth.

Only two lived in the Hills of Honor: Faro and Rusty. Most would think they were foolish for even considering such a place to dwell. Don’t get me wrong; it was a striking piece of land, provided you chose not to look beyond. For what settled beside was a wooded valley, that also encircled the Forests of Felicity. It was this dale that kept all at a distance. It was this dale in which was named… the Dell of Depression. 

Faro was a staunch little faerie, standing no taller than many a waist. Be that as it may, he was an incredibly honorable man of many strengths. He was also humble, and a man of basic needs. His beard was the length of two, possibly three his own height. Faro kept it braided and wrapped tightly around his waist. It looked rather peculiar really, though no one would ever say. Here was a faerie that could recall and conjure any spell that ever was and could ever be. He was quite possibly the most powerful faerie in existence, maybe even more so than Queen Tatiana herself. Yet to meet him, you would never have guessed this upon first sight.
His home was a magnificent dwelling within the side of thy mountain. Within, he had carved into every wall and ceiling, a story of time’s sheltered. He was incredibly artistic. He handmade almost every piece of furniture, cup, saucer, brush, and bottle top found in his home. He may have been the keeper of all spells, and could very easily have invoked anything his heart so desired; but Faro found a peace within, knowing he’d created all he possess with his own bare hands, and not that of magic. 
All about the hillside were speckles of Estralas Encantado. Faro used it to help with the growth of all that climb his surroundings. Plants of magic, from the well known salvia divinorium, the magic truffle, and that of the blue lotus; to the grandelaos and princessatoria, of which no one had ever heard. All feeding on not only that of Mother Earth’s natural elements, but also on the stars of Elysium pure. This was in order to increase their potency of power.

Standing affront of his enchanted home, Faro await their arrival upon the crystal-pebbled path of Obsidian.
“Eeowyn, my good man, how are you?” Faro asked as Eeowyn and Corozon’s feet gently rest on the speckled soils in front. Malaika, Lyric, and Prima landing only two steps behind.
“I am very well, my dear old friend. But what of yourself? Have you been keeping well?”
Eeowyn and Faro had been friends for an eternity. Together with Tatiana, Eeowyn would be considered his closest companion. Faro never travelled any further than thy Hills of Honor boundaries, and therefore, Eeowyn made an annual effort to visit. 
“I have. I have, in fact, been very well also. I have been in lovely company for some time now. I have been teaching her some of the ins and outs of thy lands. It has been beautiful to have her around.”
Faro very rarely blessed himself with visitors. So it would seem that this her in which he speak, had become a nice change. 
“And what brings your good souls to my parts? La Rosa’s rebirth is not due here for another year. I sense that is why you are here. And my beautiful Tatiana, she has still yet to be found, has she?”
Corozon peered at Faro with eyes of furrowed answer and question, “No, she has not. Faro, I am sorry to seem daft, but I must take a step back. You say la Rosa’s rebirth? I understand that it is within her Moonstone that holds the power to restoring each faeries quota of Estralas Encantado, but what is it that you mean she is reborn?”
“Ahh… you have not told her of thy process, my dear friend.” Faro smirked while looking over at Eeowyn.
“No, my friend, I have not. I thought it would be a beautified sight for her eyes, rather than that of my voice. As for your first question, why we are here one year earlier…” He paused while he thought of Tatiana. “As you are undoubtedly aware, Tatiana crossed into Earth in order to keep us from harm’s way. As you are also well aware, she is lost within their realm. We have since found out that a forbidden curse was used; the spell of life’s life was cast. With no recollection of whom she is, or where she came, it is our duty to find her. Though before we cross again, it is imperative that the Estralas Encantado be replenished, as there is no more to be had at present. So much was used over the prior months, healing destruction brought about by the same soul who tried to end our queen’s life. It is also my guess that he is far from done. We must be prepared”
The look on Faro’s face was one of ponder and concern. “Come with me, inside.”

~•*•~

The front door was made of Ebony wood. Sequenced on the left side were crystals: deep red Ruby crystals. This further enabled Faro’s home to receive life force and gain protection. He, as did his home, held thy secrets to every spell ever thought, and not yet thought after all. 
Stepping through the doorway, it was like they’d stepped into an energy vortex, their own minds becoming a cyclone of flashing color and bright light. So heavy were their thoughts that it became blinding, their eye’s vision becoming nothing more than what their minds could see. Faro then lifted his left hand, “Hum, be still.” At once, the spirited currents ceased. “Sorry about that. Just a little spell I place upon my home for when it senses anyone, besides that of myself.”
Eeowyn then stepped from behind the solid door. He knew of Faro’s protection spells, and he knew where most of them lay. “Still a wee bit dizzy?” he asked with a chuckle.
Prima sat on the floor; she was far too faint to stand. Corozon and Malaika leaned up against one another, while Lyric held himself up by one of the wooden pillars to his right. As each of them regained focus, they peered about the room. It was amazing – a mess, but amazing. His home had been burrowed into the solid formation of the mountain. The walls and ceiling were covered in slabs of Agate, Galena, Tiger Eye, Chiastolite, and Malachite; each stone being placed for protection. Each of them faced with stories. There was shelf upon shelf of books and canisters; each filled with varied roots, liquids, and crystals. Solid desks positioned all about the room, piled with even more books and stacks of paperwork. Light within thy room coming from a few lamps placed randomly about. Though most of the light was coming from the center of the room where a giant crystal Ruby Record Keeper stand. Corozon walked directly over to the exquisite piece. It stood at a height almost to her waist, it was an almost perfect hexagon shape, and on both sides of the crystals face was a raised triangle.
“May I?” Corozon asked of Faro before placing her hand upon it. He nodded. As her hand smoothed across its edges, she was overtaken by a surge of incredible power. This was the stone in which wisdom was stored. When you attuned to its frequencies, ancient knowledge could be retrieved, and powers of grand magnitude could be restored.
“I’d heard the myths of this stone, though I never considered it to be of any more than a fictitious story. Let alone for me to be standing before it.”
Faro explained that it had been in his possession for thousands of years. It held everything you could ever want, or need to know of thy faerie realm. Everything of the past gone, though nothing of the future to come. All you had to do was ask the right question, and you would be shown.
“Can it therefore tell us where Tatiana is?” Malaika piped up.
Faro answered solemnly. “No, I’m sorry, my son. It can only show us that of which has happened within Eterna Fadas. Beyond the apertures and into the realm of human, it holds no solid imagery; sometimes voices if we are lucky, but no more than that.”
“Could we not then try to detect Tatiana’s voice, by asking to hear her?” Malaika persisted. 
“I have tried,” Faro explained. “Though it was unable to distinguish anything of firm detail. Now I understand why. If she has been placed under a spell of life’s life, there is no way of finding her, and no magic will bring her memories back. She is the only one who can unlock her memories now.” 
Corozon stepped away from the incredible Ruby, looking upon Faro with burden. “I don’t understand. You are saying that she is lost for all time, and that none of us are able to break the spell? We had hoped that a faerie of waters elemental strength may have been able to break the spell, for it was Edan who had originally cast it?”
“No, I am not saying that it cannot be broken. I am saying that Tatiana is the only one who can fracture thy spell. A life’s life spell must be broken by the life of the memory lost itself. Not even he who cast the spell can take back his words.” Faro’s lips then pressed together, his eyes rolled back in deep contemplation. “Though how is it that this Edan character even got his hands on such words? That is an ancient spell. I have not heard of it being used in over a thousand years, if not longer. The last who knew of its every word, has not been seen from that time, and it has been locked away within these walls ever since.”
This was a question he would find an answer to in time, for even the wisest of men could be fooled. Faro may have held most answers, though he too was like that of the Ruby Record Keeper. In order to be enlightened with the right answer, the right question had to be asked first.
Eeowyn then interrupted all unfortunate thought. “Faro. I am sorry to push on, though we must keep moving, and as Tatiana is not with us, we require your help. Tatiana held the only words of spell that allowed entry into the Forests of Felicity. She spoke not of them to anyone. Therefore, we ask of you to uncover these words.”
“You mean the spell of Felicity’s Free?” Faro asked with the knowing that was just as he requested. Eeowyn replied with an affirmed gesture of thy head. 
Faro responded with qualm. “You know that there are some things that I choose not to know. The spell of Felicity’s Free being one such thing. That was Tatiana’s secret to be held alone.”
“Yes, I understand that Faro, my friend. Though you can ask,” Eeowyn’s eyes then darting towards thy Ruby Record Keeper.
Faro agreed, though would only disclose it to one other. The only one who Tatiana had entrusted with full authority – Corozon.

~•*•~

After the other four stepped outside, Faro took Corozon by the hand, leading her towards the stone of wisdom. Focusing on the crystal’s center, and the purity within their souls, they became one with the Ruby’s energies. Then placing both his own left hand and that of Corozon’s upon the Ruby’s crest, Faro asked in slow and heavy tone.

Nine years it has been, Tatiana stood by Felicity’s border.
She spoke thy spell of entry, thy Forests of Felicity.
Now to us, I ask, you free her words to hear.
Speak to thee thy spell, thy spell of Felicity’s Free.

Before their eyes in clouded mists of light, stood Tatiana. Corozon gasped as she gazed upon her best friend; a single tear shed while a painstaking strike tore through her heart. Tatiana was holding her staff, la Rosa. She appeared to be placing it within an incredible oak tree of silver trunk and fine blue leaves. Leaves in which glowed like a midsummer night’s blue moon. La Rosa herself was being employed as a key. It was then in her voice of angelic song, Faro and Corozon heard.

Hidden beneath thy sheath
A land of crystal held
Lighted energy’s breath
Secret power been withheld 
Gateway guarded silver
Open now and free
Steps enchanted within
Thy Forests of Felicity
Yushweena be anarm
Ke Fivero tein nereal
Ni am gee zeverante`
Ni am keysa lovearte ye
  
Where la Rosa lay within thy tree, she break. Thy great oak divide through the center, forming a doorway in which she step. Tatiana turned to look back from beneath thy silver arch. This being the last Corozon saw of her beloved Tatiana, before the mist of light did gently fade.

~•*•~

Wiping away the emotional droplets of her eyes, Corozon took a deep breath; the words for thy spell of Felicity’s Free being brought to mind, again and again. She needed to remember the words, even those she did not understand. She had to summon them true, if she was to step through the invisible barrier that held the Forest of Felicity in secret. 
The last four lines were bound of a language that Corozon had only just recently come to know of. 
“Faro. The language of those last four lines? Tatiana taught myself a few, in order to cast the Guardianship Charm, though not much more was then ever spoken. Tatiana had stated that it were a lost language. Is that correct?”
“Yes, my dear girl. It is the lost language of faerie angels. The power behind their words is of much more strength than that of our own. Its words used only when secret or absolute potency is required.”
Faro then turned. He made his way to a small cabinet that held in the very back. From within he pulled a pocket-sized velvet pouch of black and gold. Handing it to Corozon, he instructed her to only open it if absolutely necessary.
“What do you mean, only if it absolutely necessary?”
“Tatiana did tell you about the Dell of Depression, didn’t she?”
Shrugging her shoulders, Corozon answered with all she thought she knew. “All know of it, do they not? And yes, she briefly spoke to me about it. Though from the tone in your question, I am guessing she hasn’t told me enough. Like all else that has befallen upon us, upon me, she would never have expected that we be exposed to certain details so soon, if ever. Therefore, there is no doubting that all factors were not disclosed.”
Breaking her speech, Corozon bit down on her lip before she continued with hesitation. “I mean… I understand that we must pass the Dell of Depression before reaching the Felicity Forest. I understand that the Dell of Depression is a place of nightmares. It is where every faeries unsound and spine-chilling dream and thought, in which they willingly let go is caught. They are absorbed and consumed by the trees of thy darkened valley.”
Faro just listened. He was waiting her next words.
“But I don’t see why this is a problem? We will just fly over it, and land beyond its border, to where the silver oak tree stand.”
Faro’s eyes squint in consternation. “My dear girl, the Dell of Depression begins just beyond the trees of these hills. It also ends right at the border of Felicity’s Forest. The only free space being a small open field that lays about thy great oak.”
“Yes, I know.”
“But what it does not seem you are aware of is that it is not possible to fly above the Dell of Depression. The air above its low region is not breathable. The poison within the overhead space will suffocate you within minutes, if not seconds. If you try to hold your breath, it will seep beneath your skin and travel through your blood stream. It will close down every organ one by one, until it has smothered and strangled you from within.”
Corozon’s eyes opened so wide, her breaths ceased in alarm. “You mean to say that I must travel through, the Dell of Depression?”
No other word was then said from Faro. He just look on with an apologetic and affirmed concern, while Corozon still speak. “But… if you step within that valley, you are guaranteed to have to battle every nightmare that exist within.”
Still Faro just gaze upon Corozon, his look of rueful confirmation the only unspoken word that need to be said.
“Is that what this is for?” Corozon held up the black and gold velvet pouch she hold between her fingers.
“Yes, and no,” Faro replied. “Yes, the substance within the pouch was created for thy foreboding valley. However, its use is not for protection in the manner one would first presume.” Hearing of her thoughts, he made clear that thy foul smelling, gold glittered substance was a calling. She, as with any whom made the choice to follow through the Dell of Depression’s instability, would have to be certain thy center remain pure, holding only the light of divine love within. In doing so, they would cross with no altercation. Though in the event that one strays, as they will be tempted, struggling to refocus and re-center; it is then and only then that Corozon may open the satchel, throwing thy dust to the wind, and wait.
“Wait for what?” Corozon asked.
“Just wait, and you will see. Though take heed, thou do not like being disturbed. Thou live in solitude for a reason. So do not expect anything more from them than what they give.”
That was it. That was all that Faro was going to explain to Corozon. So, if she wasn’t a little afraid before, she was now. 



Live with pure intention. 
Walk to the point disguised as fear. 
Listen. Be aware. 
Though never do you allow it to stumble your footsteps.
Never do you allow it to be your darkened despair.


Chapter Thirteen
INFLUENCE

One of the biggest challenges in life, is learning how to govern 
the harmful influences of our ego minds.

Placing her feet at the very edge of thy Dell of Depression, she gulped. Standing beside Corozon, were all four of her endearing friends. 
“You know you don’t have to do this. I can do this on my own. I believe in the strength I hold.”
Though they weren’t about to leave her side now. Besides… no one within Eterna Fadas, besides that of Tatiana had seen the Forests of Felicity since the day she cast it into concealed veil. So the desire for sighting such extravagant and enchanting beauty was more than enough to have them venture into the risk of thy unknown. Corozon turned her head left to where Eeowyn stand. “Why is it that you have never been to the Forests of Felicity?”
Eeowyn answered with spark, “I have, many times. Though it was before Tatiana cast it into hiding. Since then, she always entered on her own.”
Malaika always the one to interject, “So why then would you venture to this point with her every decade?”
“Maybe in hope,” he replied.

~•*•~

It was already mid afternoon. The hike through the Dell of Depression was going to take them a few hours. They needed to commence the dark crossing.
To look upon the nightmare’s ghastly grave was enough to make your skin crawl. There was no color. The trees were gray and leafless. Their branches stemmed out like skeletal arms that moved ever so slightly with each brush of breeze. A breeze that then wafted past Corozon’s nose. It stank like murky waters in the bottom of a vase from two-week old posies. The atmosphere settled in stillness, within the tops of the trees and above. It was deep, dark, misted of green. 
Stepping into the darkness, into its strain of perturbation, all five fae found shiver hold their cores. The malevolent and foul energies were already trying to feel their way beneath their flesh. They try to delve within the depths of their purist existence. As they begin to fade from Faro’s sight, he shouted unvarnished truths.
“Remember. Fear! It shall try to defy you. It shall try to hinder and halt thou every move. Give no power to its fight! Live within thou absolute truths, hold that of thou faith, and embrace the love that is you.”
Nodding in confirmation, Corozon held the lead. She tread lightly with each step, for the ground was unstable. The roots of the trees seem to rise and then fall, back within the shadows of thy murky floors. The love of light, and the truth of heart became harder and harder to hold, the deeper and deeper they paced inward. Screeches, banters, screams of fever; cries of ache, all becoming louder and more intense. The phantoms of thy trees stewed all about them, attempting to filter their minds with the nightmares surrendered and fearful thoughts forgone. Corozon took a deepened breath and visualized only virtuous thought. My divine beings, and that of my own strengths within. Be I granted pure intent and all shall be, just as thy mind’s eye doth see. An illustrious light of heavenly dream then radiate from within. Her eyes glow of her new found extreme, while words of thy divine flow from her lips of rose red. “Look within. You are of more power than they. It is within the depths of your heart, not the banter of the influenced mind that you shall find your inner peace. It is there in which you will find your truth. It is there in which you will find euphoria. Trust in that no ill desire or foreboding thought will hold command upon you.” 

Focusing on all that lie within, each find sheltered truths beneath an illuminated glow of divine beauty. The harrowing and loathing energies unable to penetrate thy pure of heart and strong of mind. One foot and then the next, they were carefully placing each step as the ground continued to move beneath them. At one point, Lyric had tried to rise from the ground. However, as he tried, he was overcome with a threatening feeling of harm and unwell. As his head reached the topmost of the branches, he gasped a deathly breath as he automatically felt the air being snatched from within his lungs. At once, he returned to the murky grounds below.
“Damn!” Lyric expressed with disappointment.
Corozon smirked, “Faro did warn us, Lyric.”
“Yeh, but I thought it worth a try. He forgot to mention the nauseating feeling,” Lyric still swallowing hard, his hand over his mouth, trying to hold back the volcano of stomach contents from the lunch he’d consumed earlier. Lyric then lost his footing on a protruding tree root that had launched itself up out of the ground at ankle height. He tripped, falling face first into a puddle of goodness knows what. It was sticky; a muddled red and brown sludge like matter. Lifting his head back up and out of the ooze, Malaika and Corozon chuckled, but only because he looked like a pretty buffoon. The sludge was evenly placed above his eyes, his cheeks, and around his mouth. Prima tried to help him to his feet.
“Leave me be!” Lyric scorned at the hand she hold out.
“She was only trying to help, Lyric!” Eeowyn’s voice bellowed from beside. 
“I don’t need anybody’s help!”
“No… of course you don’t. You always did like to do things on your own.” Eeowyn’s speech was rather condescending.
“I am more than capable of picking my own self up off the ground, Eeowyn!” Lyric’s voice now of spite.
“I didn’t mean to…” Prima tried to say before she was rudely interrupted by Eeowyn. “Just like you were more than capable of keeping a close eye on Tatiana, the night she disappeared upon the earthly realm!”
“How dare you! You know nothing of that night.”
“I’ve heard enough to know that you were of no use being there. If you were, you would have saved her from thy deadly fate.”
“Enough!” Corozon stepped between the two as their words of hate became darker and more hurtful with each sound that left their mouths. The demonic nightmares and dreadful thoughts were taking hold. It had taken just one very brief moment of mind’s omission, for both Lyric and Eeowyn to then find themselves descending into savagery of conscious thought. Prima had also begun to slip into purgatory of mind. Thankfully, Malaika remained strong, and Corozon held firm to the love and light within.
“Please, I beg each of you; do not do this. Do not allow them control. You are stronger than they. Believe in who you are. Believe in the light of your soul. No fear, no doubt, no nightmare has any such strength unless you give it that power.” 
Though, there was no talking them back into pure of blissful mind as their speech of contemptuous word continued. Lyric push forward, his every step of anger and disrespect. His foot then stepping forward into what felt like water; a river’s flow to be precise. Lyric looked down, then left, then right; this was no ordinary river. It was red; red as raven’s blood, the currents swirling of black silt.
“What the bloody hell have I stepped in now?” Lyric’s rage only then strengthening. Corozon, who’d kept only feet behind, was still trying to calm him. She shouted in fear.
“Lyric! Step away from the river. That must be the river of no return. You fall beneath its water’s surface, and there is no returning from the nightmare’s claws.”
Lyric was so far gone, that he heard nothing of which Corozon spoke. Instead, all he heard were Tatiana’s screams and cries for help, Lyric – Lyric – where are you? You were meant to protect me? And then he heard laughter, and what sounded like hundreds of others all persecuting him, Useless, No good for nothing! However, all that he was hearing were his very own deepest fears and doubts.
Eeowyn and Prima were in no better a position as they too had begun hearing and facing all their own darkest terrors and uncertainties. One such fear of Prima’s had brought her to her knees screaming. She believed a hurricane of snowstorm tore about her. She was then fighting for breath as she wheeze and choke, convinced that she was being buried alive beneath the snow.
Corozon look with fright from Prima, to Eeowyn, Lyric, and then at Malaika. She screamed at Malaika in mind. What do I do? They are lost to their own nightmares. She then remembered. “The black and gold velvet pouch.” She loosened the tie, and pulled it from her waistband. Looking about, she noted that there was no wind, no slight breeze to be felt. Unfastening the satchel, she held it open within the palm of her left hand, summoning the gold glitter of horrendous scent to rise from within. Corozon then called for a breeze of enduring ascent to catch the powder of gold feature, blowing it in every direction. 
Now all she could do was wait. 

~•*•~

A deathly shrill of lurid alarm was suddenly heard from within the dark of thy murky forest. It sent shivers down their spines, and fierce strain to wield their every muscle. The fiery glow of Corozon’s soul had lit. She was ready to pounce if needed, her eyes ablaze of orange flame.
The trees about them quake, and the unstable floors beneath them became further erratic with panic. Even the river’s waters begin to bubble and churn… and then, nothing. All go still. From behind the trees on the opposite side of the blood stained river, seven faeries stood. Though they were unlike anything any of them had ever seen. They were of dark skin, as black as night. Their wings glowed of pulsating gold, and their eyes shone like lambent green emeralds. Upon their face and across every inch of their sculpted bodies were gold markings, a script of some kind. Though neither Corozon nor any of the others would know of its origin or its nature. One such black enchantment raised her hand in request. Before them lay a path of demanding stone; it held itself just above the surface of thy river’s current. Another then held out his hand, instructing them to cross. Corozon felt no fear, stepping forward as she was told. Eeowyn, Prima, and Malaika followed directly behind. 
Eeowyn and Prima’s nightmares had ceased when the first shrill was sounded. Unfortunately, Lyric had stood with his feet planted firmly in the flow of suffering liquids course, his thoughts much further lost within the nightmares. His fears and doubts had become of such strength that they’d overridden any logic thought. The sinister spirits of thy lands had taken their chance to claim a life, as they soared out from behind the surrounding trees of gray. They were now coaxing Lyric on, playing with his nightmares of misgiving dread, creating clouded images to appear before him and explore deep within his mind. Tatiana condemned to a life of torture and pain, evil of every unimaginable thought tear at her soul, his every attempt to save her only taking him further and further away from his love. Her death impending. Lyric was screaming out Tatiana’s name. 
Standing alongside the exquisite beings, Corozon plus three were ordered to stay where they were. Corozon wanting nothing more than to soar back across the river and pull Lyric away from his terror filled illusion. Though she knew it of no use. She’d heard enough of this land throughout her life to know that this was a battle she could not fight, nor could she ever win. Lyric continue to howl and scream in pain. Then, with no words spoken, five of the black enchantments gracefully walk the stoned path across the harrowing river. They stand about Lyric in a circle, taking hold of the others hand beside. Still the nightmares taunt and stress him of terror. The black enchantments begin chanting, their markings glow strong of solid gold as they speak.

Black beauty be a lie
Our true selves now reveal
A nightmare you not know
Ghastly terrors held concealed
No power held in fright
Beware thy fear to come
Dare keep thou presence known
Neehana – tikah – gohahmm.

The beautiful beings of black skin and gold markings were then no more. They twist, turn and transform into ghastly figures of more than any evil thought could ever have been formed, of more than what every nightmare had ever been made upon. Prima screamed as her eyes laid upon the monstrous beasts. Fangs, claws, arms of frightful wing; eyes that bled beneath your skin, and voice of nothing you ever wish to hear. Corozon stared. Unlike all others, she did not fear them, she did not see them for the terror that they were. She saw only sadness.
 
What happened then, Corozon had no idea. She, Eeowyn, Prima, and Malaika collapse into unconsciousness, only to awaken several hours later in a field of pale blue daisies. 

~•*•~

Unlocking her eyes to a clear starlit night, the cheerful scent of daisies clung to her first breath. Corozon sit up, taking very quick note of her friends laying beside her. La Rosa was there also; she lay to Corozon’s right.
The night was still and quiet. There was no sound besides that of a night owl. Behind her, at the far end of the field lay darkness – the Dell of Depression. The silhouette of gangly tree limbs were barely visible beneath the darkened mists of bar. But how did we come here? Corozon questioned herself. Returning her gaze forward to where she seat, she then saw it. The stunning silver oak with its blue glistening leaves. It was just as resplendent and divine as when she first sighted it in the lighted mists of the Ruby Record Keeper. And from where she seat, that is all that could be seen for what seemed like forever. The illusion of thy field and the darkness of thy night continue well into the distance past the oak.

~•*•~

“Aah!” 
Corozon jolt and then tense as a hand place itself upon her shoulder. Grasping at the staff beside her, she quickly turned back. She came face to face with a black enchantment; another stand at her side. They no longer held their beastly view, however. Their beauty was once more of sight. 

“Tian.” One such enchantment give voice, bowing his head as he spoke. The other then bow her head as she translate his words.
“He says hello.”
Eeowyn, Prima, Malaika, and Lyric all beginning to arouse from their peaceful sleep while Corozon return the greeting. “Hello.”
Corozon was a little unsure what to expect, considering what she’d held in her sight. Though her intuition told her that no harm would come, that these faerie beings were of harmonious blood.
“Ni am danka xiantry biss.”
“He says that he is sorry for scaring you earlier.”
Corozon smiled. 
“Please – no. I do believe that it is I who must say thank you to you. You saved us. You saved Lyric.” Corozon peered over at Lyric, who was in awe at the incredible beauty these faeries beheld. This was the first time he could remember casting his eyes upon them. He did not remember anything from the time thy nightmares took hold.
“Tahtah.” The enchantment then pause in deep concentration, his word of the English language a murmur. “Thank you. Tahtah fi arnt shwarkly.”
“He is trying to tell you, thank you. Thank you for not running.”

Each of the faeries were now well awake, listening intently. The beautiful black enchantment speaking to them, of who they were, and where they come from. Her own name was Lena, and the man beside her was Treetan. She explained that they were the hidden people. They lived just beyond the outskirts of the Dell of Depression, to the north of where they stand. Treetan had banished them there, not for any reason, but for the fear all had of them. Lena then went on to explain that their appearance of exquisite allure, in which stand before them now, was only a mask. Their true selves being that of which they saw by the river of no return. The beauty only held for short periods in time, none ever knowing how long their charms hold, or when it be they would return into the hideous creatures that they were. Lena sighed as she thought of the times, almost too long ago to remember, when they were of extravagant beauty all of the time.
“We are of seven. Seven of who had found ourselves within the depths of the nightmares ghastly grave and lost beneath the river of no return. Queen Tatiana had heard our cries, though we were so far from Feather Vale. She had no way of getting to us in time. She left her body and travel to us in spirit form. She was beneath the waters with us, in two deep fearful breaths. She fought with the dreadful phantoms, and they agreed to let us live. However, before bringing us back from beneath their dark held forces, they cast us under a spell of dark demonic look, to never have another see us for the beauty in which we were. Tatiana had then searched us out, and although she could not reverse the spell, she was able to cast another. She placed us within a masked casing, using the language of faeries angels. As the last words of spell were voiced, we transformed into this. This in which you see now. Unfortunately, the phantoms words were still too strong, for within less than half a day, we’d returned to our ghastly figures. The people of our village scared beyond any measure, just as anyone who ever crossed our path was then found to be. Recalling the words in which is the gold script you see upon our bodies, we turned ourselves back into sight of beauty, again and again. Regrettably, it is never known whether it be only seconds or hours in which we stay of this charm. Hence, Treetan banished us here, the place in which it all began. We also came to realize that our ghastly figures did come with a power. Our monstrous look so harrowing that even the nightmares themselves feared our cursed look. Thus, we would remain in the one place where we could terrify nothing of divine grace, and we would bound ourselves to protecting any who needed protection within her darkened valley. Though our preference is never to be seen, and other than Tatiana herself, no faerie would even consider coming near us anyway. Not once they’d seen our true selves. None – until you.”
Lena smirked with a touch of uncertainty still beneath. “So, who are you? Why do you not fear us? Why do you not run?”

“I – am Corozon. Tatiana was my dearest friend. Her beauty of no judgment was one of such admirable strength; a strength in which I like to think I too hold. Tatiana may not be with us now, though her words ring within, loud and clear. She always told me to listen. Listen to the heart speak, for it may speak the unheard vision of thy eye. And that is just as I did. I saw you – and I listened. I heard not only that of my own heart, but that of yours. You say that your true self is of demonic look, though that is a lie. For your true self is of a butterfly, that of which you always were. You simply hide within a shell of thy caterpillar, forever awaiting to emerge.”
Corozon then stepped forth to take hold of both Lena and Treetan’s hands. Her words were soft and of calm. “You are perfection, just as you are.”
Treetan closed his eyes in pure thought, whilst Lena’s eyes filled with tears of grateful heart. “You are more like Tatiana than you realize.” 



Be a dream come true
Her lands are a spell
Her colors of splendor
True powers she dwell
All hidden within
A key be they need
Unlock stars of dust
Thy crystals do feed


Chapter Fourteen
FELICITY

In order to see what’s on the other side of the door,
you must first open it and step through.

Hidden beneath thy sheath
A land of crystal held
Lighted energy’s breath
Secret power been withheld 
Gateway guarded silver
Open now and free
Steps enchanted within
Thy Forests of Felicity
Yushweena be anarm
Ke Fivero tein nereal
Ni am gee zeverante`
Ni am keysa lovearte ye

Word for word she repeated, the spell of Felicity’s Free, of all she’d heard Tatiana speak within the lighted mist. Corozon held la Rosa de Prata horizontally, at a height no more than a heads crest. She placed thy rose crowing of staff into the rose recess, formed deep into the sterling silver bark of thy oaks trunk. Alongside the spell of Felicity’s Free, la Rosa was the key, as the tree then divided in a downward motion like a zip being freed. Stepping back with thy staff in her hand, Corozon watch as the solid trunk of tree part, and open, revealing an arched doorway. From through the resplendent passage came lights of every shade. With no need for motivation, Corozon was already stepping through. It was ethereal, iridescent; a magical splendor like nothing else. It may have been of night’d hour, though standing within the breadths of thy Felicity Forests, you never had to be concerned with absence of light.
Pushing Corozon forward, it was Lyric who stride through next. Prima and Malaika came thereafter, while Eeowyn gently trail behind. Stepping from beneath the arch of sterling silver tree, they were each placed in awe at the elegant beauty. 
The lush grasses beneath their feet were incandescent of the most lustrous glowing greens, while the soils were of glittered sands. The trees within eyes see were grand – an artist’s every inspiration. The flowers that grew across her lands were larger than the norm, and they shone the most vibrant of colors. In fact, much of Mother Earth’s natural form about them was of generous size. This only added to the wonder and magnificence of all. A graceful deer bound, a playful rabbit hop from beneath a shrub. Overhead, a hawk owl soar its wings of wide span. In the near distance, the echo of a mockingbird and whippoorwill in song could be heard. 
“Which way first?” Lyric was incredibly enthusiastic.
“Follow our hearts calling,” Corozon replied.
And that they did. They intuitively knew of where it was their every breath of flight would lead. Gliding softly through the magic of thy forest, Prima found enchantment within the wakening of some sleeping flowers, their petals arousing to Prima’s gentle touch. Corozon finding the fluorescent breaths of the dandelions florets entrancing, while Malaika found himself lost in the adventure of the moss slides, and the bounce of the mushroom caps. Lyric seemed to be preoccupied, his mind in winds elsewhere. Eeowyn was purely content, passing each wink of time in the pleasant simplicity of knowing where he was. It was then not long before they stood in view of the most unbelievably noble and magnificent waterfall. 

The Eternal Falls. 

Fish of resplendent color leapt from the waters of glistening silver sheen. While all about her fall, carved into thy glittered soils, were grand stones of blue, of green, and violet. 
 A single path of Blue Tanzanite stone led behind the waterfall. This was thee in which they must follow. Sailing to where the path begin they step behind the exquisite downpour. A small crevice showed itself within the face of thy rock. They step through its confined fit and come to stand in front of yet another waterfall. Though this incredible fall was flowing in an upward direction. Their eyes widen at the vision before them. The path of blue continued to lead beneath the very center of the fall. Reaching out her hand, Corozon placed it within the waters silvery ascent. So luminous were the waters, a mirrored reflection could be seen. One in which showed not a reflection of their physical selves, but a reflection of their truth, the beauty of their souls divine. Corozon’s was the most spectacular, for within the likened image was a phoenix of red and orange flame. It was beautiful. Calling then for the waters to divide, they do just as Corozon ask, creating a frame within the silver liquid, for which they could then step through. 
What they then fix their eyes upon was of more than any fairytale, and more than any dream. It was a cavernous space like no other, a cave of magic’s crystal heart, of any and every crystal that any could ever have told. So much more than the Crystal Caves they’d all been to. That would have been comparing an apple seed to the apple itself.
The elegant power of the purple Amethyst, the clear thought of deep green Malachite, the sunshine of the Citrine, the angelic properties of the Celestite, the grounding of Black Tourmaline, the love of a Rose Quartz, Phenacite, Libyan Desert Glass… the list of all that was around them was endless. 
At the far most end of the cave was a spring; a spring that ran of eternal pure stars, it ran of Estralas Encantado. It fell within a cavity of two stones, in dimensions that should not have been possible.
Azeztulite, one of the most powerful of all crystals; its vibrations so pure of light that its energy charge is consistent and unmatched. The other was of Rainbow Moonstone, a stone of feminine energy. Some referred to it as the wish stone. Its strength lay in heightening your intuition and psychic abilities, as with its power of being a great cleanser of all negative energies. 

Standing beside its illuminated trance, Corozon held la Rosa de Prata by the base of her stem. Gently she lowered the lustrous rose into the heart of thy spring, not entirely sure of what was to happen next. 
La Rosa’s own Moonstone affixed within her very center, sparkle a faint glitter, before it light a blinding glow. La Rosa was then pulled from Corozon’s hands, falling beneath the stars sands. Only the rose then reappearing from the body of crystal bath. Gently, one by one, her petals drift out from thy core, leaving only the Moonstone in sight. 
Eeowyn placed his hand upon Corozon’s arm as he felt her urge to save thy petals. Before she had time to ask what was happening, Eeowyn had settled his finger to his lips. “Sshhh.”
Corozon watch. She watched as la Rosa’s Moonstone core then fill with ten years worth of powered angelic dust. How be it La Rosa de Prata beheld enough Estralas Encantado to feed all the faeries within thy faerie realm for an entire decade? It was a magic none could explain.
They wait with baited breath, and within the purest of mind. And then… a spark of rainbow sand burst from beneath the silver dust and all about the Moonstone heart, much like fire flowers of celebration. 
La Rosa was then once more her own beautified self with petals of pristine new. She rose from the spring. Corozon took grasp in the fingers place setting. La Rosa was still of blue shading, though the Moonstone now held a tinted channel of red and orange. 
Eeowyn looked upon Corozon. “She has been reborn. Her body and heart will forever speak that of Tatiana, though it seems she has also come to acknowledge your own self within that of her hearted core.”
Hearing those words brought tears to shape. Three single teardrops then graze the length of her cheek. Corozon breathed the deepest sigh of relief. She had succeeded in the attainment of thy Estralas Encantado. She had succeeded in more ways than one.  

Now she just had to retrace her steps, leading her friend’s home. Though not before some well-deserved rest; and what better place to rest and recharge, than within the crystal core of thy Eternal Falls itself.

~•*•~

Awaking within the divine power was incredible. Never had any felt more alive and of strength. Their spirits were high, and their minds were of absolute bliss.
“I can only imagine this is how Tatiana woke most days,” Corozon professed.
All agreed. All except the one who was missing. Corozon looked about them. “Has anyone seen, Lyric?”
Malaika, who was still sprawled out beside Corozon, responded in muffled tone. “Oh, he’s probably just gone exploring on his own. We all know that Lyric is one who likes his solitude.”
He had slept so soundly, that he, unlike the others, did not want to move.
“Hmm… you’re probably right.” Corozon half-heartedly agreed. “Come on then. It’s time we make a move ourselves. We have a long journey back home, and Lena will be waiting for us, to assist us back through the Dell of Depression.”
Being certain she held firm of la Rosa de Prata, Corozon then made her way back through the two falls, gently gliding to the margins of thy Eternal Falls frame. Malaika, Eeowyn, and Prima following not too far behind.
Feeling out for remnants of Lyric’s energy, Corozon knew he was close. “Lyric,” she called.
“I’ll be there shortly.” Lyric’s voice coming from behind a group of bridalwreath shrubs and lilacs. Lyric finally found the piece of Moldavite he’d been looking for. He already got his hands on a piece of Lemurian Seed Crystal. He had fortunately found it buried beneath the glittered soils while trying to get free a piece of Seraphinite. The Spirit Quartz, Labradorite, and the small piece of Moonstone he already held; they had been found in thy Eternal Falls` cave. 

Lyric had plans. He was determined to find Tatiana. He’d spoken with Faro in secret, while all others had been busy chatting about their adventures and devouring their lunch.
He knew that Faro would know of how to open the aperture and cross into Earth without the power of thy full moon. He also knew that Faro had to have known the spell in which could have him become of human stature. Lyric understood that he would need to become of Earth people’s height, if he was to speak with his love of lost sight. 
Faro disclosed the spells, and that of which he would need in order to perform the unknown incantations. This is where the six stones came in. In order to open the aperture upon a time of no full moon, he required the power of a Lemurian Seed Crystal, a fragment of Moldavite, and some Spirit Quartz. These three combined would help Lyric establish a connection with the harmonious system of thy star world, enabling him to open portals to anywhere his heart desired. The Labradorite, Seraphinite, and Moonstone were the stones in which he would require to strengthen the spell of transformation, in which he could use at any time upon the realm of man. The Moonstone would also help Lyric to connect with Tatiana. He would at the very least, be able to communicate with her through spirited soul. 
Lyric would do all that he could to find her. He must.  



Love doesn’t always make sense. 
Though I don't believe it is always meant to. 
The pages of one's book 
may not always bind directly with that of another. 
Time may never coincide, though time 
will always prove to bring you the answers you seek.
Falling within the wind may be a journey of storm, and calm. 
Though the beauty of love is that is never ceases to exist. 
It is wound within our souls yearning, our hearts every breath. 
It is you, as much as it is me. 
I live by the term that ‘Love conquers all!’


Chapter Fifteen
UNEARTHED

Love as though thou heart speak a thousand truths untold.
Live each truth in hearts respect, and allow minds dream unfold.

Pushing the blanket back slightly, Tatiana slid herself from beneath the sheets, her feet ever so softly placed upon the cool flooring. Julian barely stirred, Tatiana even unaware as to her own present movement. Opening the door just enough that she could slip out into the hallway, Tatiana was then making her way out to the decking. Her eyes were aglow of solid silver as she gazed up at the clear night sky. The full moon was so bright that it light everything it touch upon the earthly grounds.

Another month had come and gone. Tatiana’s relationship with Julian, and also that of Joseph had strengthened in every aspect, their fondness growing deeper each passing day. Tatiana no longer slept within the guesthouse. This was her home now, as much as it was Julian’s. She had found her resting place each night within the arms of the man she now called her own. As for Joseph, he had become her confidant, and most valued friend for so many reasons. Never did she go anywhere without one or the other. 
Nonetheless, the full moon was again upon them, and Tatiana was once more placed into a trance like state, just as she had been the full moon prior. This time, however, she wouldn’t make it any further than the beach to the front of their home. For it would be there that she would come across a beautiful man of mid length hair, of desirable mystique, and a truth that her soul would not allow her to deny.
He called himself – Lyric.  

~•*•~

Three days prior, Lyric was finally ready to journey into the earthly realm. He’d long begun dreaming of her, seeing his soul’s calling every which way he look. Through the whispers breeze that journeyed the Woods of Soul, he could hear her name; he could hear her voice divine. He had to go.
Not knowing how long he would be gone, though not wanting any to know of his plans, he’d begun distancing himself from Corozon and all others since the time of their return. His last appearance being very brief, the day before he’d left. Corozon led a grand bevy of fae. They had rebuilt Tatiana’s home. They had also restored and healed the gardens, alongside all affected expanses. Lyric had left suggestions that he’d not be seen for some time, implying that he felt the need to recoup and bequeath his soul, his higher self, of some much needed attention. No one contest. Corozon believing that the pain and sorrow of being without his Tatiana for so long, had begun to seep within his every minute of his every day, almost to the point of no breath. He may very well have tried to believe that his emotions were well in check, and that none were seen or felt by any other; though he did not fool Corozon. She’d heard his wails that evening within the Dell of Depression. She had felt his pain. 

Drifting to the front of thy aperture, Lyric pull from within his rucksack, the three stones he required to open its portal.
The Lemurian Seed Crystal with its soft pink glow and key inclusion, the Moldavite with its translucent bottle-green hue, and the Spirit Quartz with its purple stain. Visualizing his place of demand, the spells words he then cast to the skies.

Beyond what we see
There is more than we know
Beyond this timeless realm
I ask thee to show
Uncover the seal
Reveal thy vessel’s door
Cast my future footsteps
Upon thy earthly floor

The aperture then blush a heated blue light. Lyric pray for safekeeping, and the finding of his love. Traversing the mystique portal, his feet find thy grounds of Fageda d’en Jorda. 

~•*•~

He had not stayed within Barcelona for very long. In fact, he’d left the country of Spain that very same day. His intuition told him better. He also felt it better to remain of faerie stature for the time being. It was much easier to get around unseen. He did not need interference. Though come the end of a long day, he felt the need to make some inquiries. His intuition had brought him this far, though he had no idea where he was headed, and he was even a little uncertain as to where he was at present. He pulled out the other three pieces of crystal: the Labradorite, the Seraphinite, and the Moonstone. Sitting down within a wide space of barren wilderness, Lyric drew a circle about him. He then placed the stones at three evenly spaced points. Closing his eyes, he began by centering himself whole, grounding himself within thy Mother’s soils.

A faerie be I may
Earthly human may I be
Upon her soils of not my own
A mirror be they see
Reflect their living matter
Human form, a must I be
A faerie soul I hold within
Though body, human he 
 
A translucent light beamed from each crystal placed. They circled up and about him as the words were spilt. No sooner had the spell been told, that he seat upon the earthly grounds as a man of human stature. His wings of emotional essence vanished. 
Feeling a little odd at first, Lyric was uncertain how strong the spell had been. Had it stripped him not only of his faerie form but that of all his power? He placed his hand upon the hardened soils, infusing his elemental power of earth. From beneath his hand it tremble, just slight, and then from below the earth’s soil it sprout. A sapling. Focusing his energy within the bud, it begin to grow. Within no time, there it stood: grand, tall, and thick of rich leaves. Exhausted, and with the night sky continuing to darken, Lyric then made the choice to close his eyes and sleep. He had another long day ahead of him, and needed to be well rested.

Awaking the next morning to the sound of meeh meeh, he opened his eyes, beholding all of his surroundings. Oops, his tree kind of stood out, didn’t quite fit. Turned out that he’d slept his peaceful night’s sleep within the dry desert soils of south Morocco. The only other trees about were argan trees, hence the meeh meeh of the goats. Lyric remembered coming here on one of his travels some centuries ago. Peering over at one such tree, sure enough, there were goats standing in its limbs. The goats of these parts were well known for climbing the trees to eat the argan fruits. A unique occurrence, that only happened in this region of the earthly world.
Standing to his feet, he stepped out from beneath the shade of his tree and into the scorching hot sun. Not only did the heat of the rays hit him like wildfire, but the realization that he had transformed into that of man. 
Squinting his eyes, he could just make out the framework of a not too distant stone building. Walking towards it, he came to realize that it were in fact a small town of several. The people there were incredibly accommodating, especially as he spoke the Arabic language. Over his eternal lifetime, and within his countless adventures into this world, and that of others, Lyric had made it a goal to learn as many, if not all languages he’d ever come across. 
Upon the dusty streets, one particular gentleman took quite a liking to the handsome fellow who’d landed upon their doorsteps. He asked Lyric to stay for breakfast, leading him into his home. Lyric could not thank him enough, as he suddenly became aware of how hungry he was. The time spent within would also allow Lyric time to consider his next move. As they ate, Lyric began to tell of his tale, of how he was in search of his lost love. He spoke of his travels from city to city, country to country, always in search of she whom his heart belonged. The Moroccan man’s wife, and his daughters, swooned as the story was told. The hearty man commended him on his sincere efforts, but questioned him with some doubt. Lyric played his cards well, and eventually had the man eating out of the palm of his hand also. 
Bidding his farewells and thanking them profusely, Lyric was then on his way, still not quite certain where his feet would then lead. For the most part of thy day, he zipped from one place to another, asking many if they’d seen her. A sketched portrait he’d once drawn, the only image he had for any to go on. Lyric had been able to move about the lands with reasonable ease using the portal spell. He’d tweaked it just a little, so as to create doorways from one place to the next. Always careful not to have any of the human world see him use such magic. 
He’d travelled through Morocco, back up through Italy and France, and was now finishing his day by the Iguazu Falls, which sit on the border of Brazil and Argentina. This area was full and lush. It was the perfect place to rest the night to come. 

~•*•~

As the stars glowed their heaven’s light above, Lyric placed himself into a deep meditative state. Light filled his core as he connected to thy divine and that of his Great Mother, grounding himself within her body of warmth. Lyric was immediately taken to a sandy shore. The soothing ocean waves caressed its coastal borders, hugging about his ankles while his feet planted firmly within the sand. He then realized that Tatiana was standing beside him. She held a blue rose, and threw it to the wind. Her soul then leaving her body to follow the blue rose that dance within the winds uplifting currents. Then his view change. He turned to find Kailen standing beside him on the beach. He was repeating something again and again. At first, Kailen’s words were of a weak whisper. Though with each echo, the declaration became clearer and louder. She is the voice within the wind. Listen, and you will hear her. Listen for her soul’s calling, and feel her presence within you.
For whatever reason, this vision agitated him so much that he snapped himself out of meditative mode. So bothered by that in which he see and hear, Lyric voiced his agitation as he came back into conscious mind. “Really? That’s it. Isn’t that what I’m trying to do?”
He could have sworn he was alone in this serene piece of subtropical land. So when Kailen appeared in front of him in spirit form, Lyric quite possibly left his own body for a good part of that moment.
“Really!” was Kailen’s sarcastic toned remark.
Seeing spirit wasn’t exactly one of Lyric’s desirable qualities. He’d shut that sense down years ago, never having an urge to reopen it again. So Kailen took the chance while Lyric was in meditation to gain access to his sight of third eye. Kailen being one of the last sights Lyric had thought he would ever wake to.
“Sorry Lyric, I didn’t mean to startle you. I’d felt your presence as soon as you crossed. I’ve been with you since, trying to make contact.”
Lyric thought of a few points in time where he’d felt a presence about him over the passing two days; though as always, he brushed them to the side. “That was you? What are you doing here?”
“I’m here to help you.” Kailen replied.
“But you’re not exactly my biggest fan. Why would you help me?” Lyric obviously referring to their last meeting where Kailen had found out the undeniable truth of he and Tatiana.
“Hey, I never said that I didn’t like you. So… my heart got broken and my ego a little bruised. Deep down I always knew that she loved you in a different way to me. Guess that’s why it came as somewhat of a relief more than anything else when I saw you both together.” He paused and shook the dreaded feelings trying to reappear. He may not have been of physical self, buy that didn’t mean he couldn’t feel. “Anyway, I’m not here for you. I’m here for Tatiana. By the way, how did you get here? There was no full moon, and you came through in the light of the day? Tat was the only one who knew any such spell.” Looking Lyric up and down, Kailen then added. “Heard you chant the transformation spell last night too. What’s with the human appearance?”
“Oh, you know. I thought these humans might take better to me asking questions in a look that appear more like their own, instead that of faerie form.” Lyric replied in ironic term.
Kailen’s eyebrows lift in sarcastic agreeable expression. Lyric then explaining of all thy happenings within their realm. How Edan had continued with exploits of harm, and how they’d needed to make the journey into the Forests of Felicity. He spoke of how well Corozon seem to be handling things, considering she was thrown in the deep end; and he told of how it was that he’d gained access to a few spells in secret. He was never going to give up until he’d found his Tatiana. 

Kailen admitted to seeing some of the devastation, though had felt the need to spend most of his time watching over thy rightful queen. 
“I will tell you of where Tatiana is. Though first I think you ought to hear that of which she has been dealt.”
Kailen went on to speak of her time in the hospital, and her lapse in memory. How he’d been leaving subtle hints to try and re-ignite her recollection to anything of her true self. Kailen mentioned that fragments of her soul’s loving ways had become apparent, but nothing of concrete reasoning to have her remember just who she is, or of where she came. What he did have trouble speaking of was that of Julian. The news of his and Tatiana’s relationship tore through Lyric’s soul. It quite possibly shred his heart in two. Not that he would let on, nor would he have it impede his search. Lyric knew that Tatiana would not be able to deny their souls connection once he’d found her, regardless of what life she thought she lead now. For that was not her truth. 
Lyric then had to ask. “So why have you not just come forth and told her the truth?”
“Because of Edan’s words of spell. Her mind has been left very fragile. If I threw every element of truth at her all at once, there would be chances of further impairment.” 
Kailen explained further that this was something in which she had to discover on her own. Yes, he could leave indications of her truth, her former life; but that in the end, it was solely up to her as to whether she remembered or not. 
Tatiana had believed that each of our paths, the good, and the bad were for a reason. There were lessons to be learnt and quite possibly, there were other souls in which we had to help along the way. She also believed that in the end, our divine selves would always remain, our spiritual core would forever hold our truth, and that all would come about as it was meant to, in a time frame that only you could decide. 
Lyric then interrupted with deep sigh, “Tatiana’s consistent state of positive mind was something I admired, yet I’ll admit, I could never quite fathom how she held it so steady all of the time.”

Kailen then suggested Lyric get a good night’s rest. He assured Lyric that he would show him of where Tatiana reside that following day.
The following evening was to be a full moon, and with Tatiana under its influence, for she knows not that she must center herself; Kailen knew that this was the best time for Lyric to confront her. While her human’s mind guard was down.

~•*•~

Watching her walk from behind the gate was like an electrical charge, a soul’s command. One in which he couldn’t deny, had he ever even tried. While he noted her blue tresses of no longer, her look was just as pure as ever. He so very much wanted to run towards her, to take her in his arms, and to know that he would never have to let go. Though Kailen had implored him to be patient, to make their connection gradual. Thus, he just stood of still on the sands. His energies focused solely on her, the rest of the world no longer existing.

Under the light of full moon, and within the spell of its influence, Tatiana was of no certain control. With no thought behind her every movement this night, Tatiana walked a straight path across the bare beach. She stop. Before her was a man she’d known for all eternity, though a man she would also view as a stranger. A man she could not renounce, with a luring she could never defy.
A moment in which could have been seconds, or possibly hours, neither knew nor cared for thy time. Both just stand, their toes curled beneath the fine portions of soothing sand. The only speech held was within thou eyes; they were completely lost in the other. All the while, Lyric place energies of calm and serene within and around her energetic fields. Kailen had called attention to the uncertainty. Tatiana was bound to display vulnerability due to thy full moon. But with tranquil energies being dispersed, her mind find a peace, her soul forevermore in tune. 
Tatiana then break the silence. “Who are you? I know you… don’t I?”
Lyric wanted to mouth a thousand and one words, he wanted to reveal her every truth, their undying love. But again, he would hear Kailen’s words of patience, and he would contain himself for as long as was possible. Handing her a blue rose, he answered. “My name is Lyric. I don’t know that we have ever met, though I do feel as though I know of you. Maybe from another lifetime?”
His answer was both confounding and yet full of sense. His touch only then making further truthful meaning, as he reached forward to take her hand. “Shall we walk?” 
His question being her own questioned thought. “Please,” the only words that Tatiana could find as she took in the sweet scent of the rose.

They walked and they walked. Tatiana feeling blissfully obliged to tell him of all that she’d been through, and felt over the passing months. Feeling so comfortable, she even spoke of the voices she heard, and the knowing of more than what lay before them. This particular conversation had Lyric consider expressing a few truths of his own.
“I am not from here.”
“Sorry?” Tatiana unsure of what that really meant.
He repeated his words, “I’m not from here.” What am I doing? She isn’t ready to hear this! Tell her – No! – Yes – No! Thankfully Tatiana interrupted his pugnacious thoughts.
“Oh… you mean you’re not from Naples. So where are you from?” 
Thinking about his answer, he then responded with the truth. An answer in which he knew would make no real sense as yet, though would be easily accepted because of her current situation.
“Eterna Fadas.”
“Wow, the name alone sounds beautiful. Where is it? Sorry, I am sure I would have known, though – you know, the whole memory loss thing.”
Lyric chuckled in grateful bliss. Even with her unknowingness, she was still his Tatiana. Her sarcasm was still as cute and apparent as ever.
“No need to apologize.” The biggest grin spread across both of their faces. “Eterna Fadas. It is the most beautiful place you could ever imagine, though it is located some distance from here. Maybe you have been there?” Lyric then grin of stunning cheek. Tatiana could not help but desire this man somehow as he continued. “My home village is of opulence, in every sense. Lush and rich in the most resplendent of wooded valleys, glistening streams, and cascading waterfalls, an abundance of wildflowers bloom in an array of every color thought. The skies are of an entrancing pearl glow, streamlined of green hues and vivid royal violet…”
As Lyric spoke, Tatiana could see all that he described in mind’s eye. A sight in which she could have sworn she also felt. Closing her eyes she began to drift. Her visions of Lyric’s home becoming more than he was describing. Tatiana then interrupt. “Sorry. But is there a magnificent river that look of flowing crystal? And a bridge – a bridge extend across it, in front of an even more magnificent looking home. Like a castle, I think?”
Lyric was now beaming. She was remembering.
“Yes. Yes, that is my homeland.” Lyric’s tone of incredible enthusiasm.
“That’s amazing. It is so beautiful. Almost like a dream.” Tatiana then question, “I must have been there before, huh?” Before she then question herself more. “Or maybe I have just seen pictures?”
Lyric reassured her that he was certain she’d been there, for it was a secluded place that no man had ever had the privilege of photographing. That statement didn’t quite make sense to her, though she accepted it nonetheless.

As the night ran into the dawn of a new day, Lyric had done the right thing and accompanied Tatiana back to the place she called home. He placed her back into the arms of another man.
His heart bled as he say goodbye. The only reassuring thought was that he would see her again soon.



Beauty Bold, thy sees within
A gift of Love, hearts song to sing
Believe it true, your reigning shower
Be she of one, though one of power.
Beauty seen with heart and mind
A beauty held within to find
Words of charm and graceful grand
“I am beauty strong!” In valor I stand.


Chapter Sixteen
SURRENDER

The power of your thoughts will keep you imprisoned behind 
closed doors, or open you to a world of enchantment

Upon the river’s edge they wait. Corozon, Malaika, Eeowyn, and Prima, alongside each of thy faerie whom crossed both full moons prior. They were waiting patiently for Lyric. 
“There is an immense assemblage upon thy sanctuary, all awaiting my word. The moon’s energies are upon us, and I’ve an entire realm to replenish. I really must go. I’m sorry,” Corozon apologetic for having to leave, though adding before she depart. “I have no idea of where Lyric is, but he did mention that he needed some time to himself. So I have no doubt he is more than fine. I recommend that you all begin your sail of flight into the earthly realm without him. Stay safe, and may you be guided to Tatiana’s place of breath. And… thank you.” Corozon then climbing high into the twilight winter air, her every thought now placed within the hearts of thy faerie people. 

One by one, all thirty-five faeries spoke thy spell of destination. However, this time their feet would be placed in different locations all about thy earthly floors. 
Malaika was headed to Florida. Corozon had given him a feelings suggestion. It happened earlier that day, while she’d been held in deep meditation. She had been given what she’d hoped was a sense of Tatiana. Corozon had felt sand beneath her feet, and winds of warmth, not cold like the wintery breezes of Feather Vale. The scent of salted ocean was exceptionally strong. She looked to the skies that had since turned dark; the word Florida being written in the stars. At least she was pretty sure that’s what she’d seen. Now, this still left Malaika with a great deal of land to cover. Nevertheless, it did also narrow his possibilities dramatically.

~•*•~

Love ~ Faith ~ Belief ~ Gratitude. Corozon read the words carved into each step leading up to the timber and Moonstone flooring. Walking to the center of thy sacred platform, she continued to read the engraving in the middle circle of thy arbor. Words in which Tatiana held in such deep trust: Love Oneself, Believe in Oneself, and All Will Be. 
“May you be found in well of light, Tatiana.” Corozon whispered beneath her breath to the heavenly stars. She would not accept that Tatiana could not be found. She also held to the belief within that although she’d been and would continue to lead with dignity and strength; she would also only lead for a short breath in time. Tatiana would soon return. She would take back her rightful place. The thought of anything other was a fear that Corozon could not – would not consider. How be it possible? I could never live up to such perfection. Corozon then looked to the sky, her thoughts still being stolen by doubt and fear. Tatiana, where are you? You know of my free spirit. Why? How – did you ever think I could do this? She closed her eyes. Corozon, stop this! This is where you must stand for now. No depressed thought will do you any good. Taking a deepened breath of love’s light, Corozon then thank her fears, and set them free. I surrender, I let go, I surrender, I let go. 
Then, with la Rosa de Prata in hand, Corozon place her within the centermost of thy arbor. This night was to be, not only one of protection, but one of enchanted fulfillment for all. 

Every faerie of Eterna Fadas is assigned a restored measure of Estralas Encantado. This was executed via the spell of Eternal Falls Kiss. Upon casting the spell, all people of thy faerie realm would be given the same ten-year measure. Faro, be he, who granted her these words. This particular incantation had to be dealt before the protective barrier was even cast. Thus it had to be brought about now.
Corozon hushed all as she explained of her pure intentions. With thy full moon alight in the skies, some of thy people were already verging the borders of a little erratic. Corozon simply had to hold trust that no being would cross the unruly frontier within the time of spell.

Of sovereign state
Release her strength
Sufficient rights
Be years of tenth
Thy magic stars
Gift unto thee
Endow thy charge
Her core be free
Thy virtue heal
Thy powers grow
La Rosa’s enchantment
Estralas Encantado

A burst of snow’s powder then threw to the air, all about thy arbor. A spark of silvery blue and purple flame, fire from the base of La Rosa’s stem. The spark then travelled her outer figure of fine silver wiring to the rose held of her crowning glory. A single petal glowed then threw a glittered flare. Each petal from the outmost to within was doing just the same. Thy birth of her stars fire had begun. 
From her core she burn; of silver, then blue, then purple. As the shades meld into clouded mist, a veil of stars vapor form above La Rosa’s Moonstone heart. The mist of divine-wish was rising in rings of bewitching sight. Its cloud of blue and purple film then cast out through the skies for as far as thy eye could see. Small sparks of stardust then burst in scattered flare. All the night lands of thy faerie realm had then lit with the enchanting magic of Eternal Falls Kiss. 

~•*•~

The night of Moon Clearing was all as one could hope. Every soul upon the sanctuary’s soils had fallen into deep focus. Their connections with Mother Earth were of strength, and all had received a personal message of great significance from the divine.
Corozon herself had received two very distinct messages that would ring very loud and clear over the days to follow. 
She would hear…
In thy darkest depths of thy forest we may find ourselves. There is life to be found, within hurt, within pain. 
This, alongside another, would all too soon come of sense…
Change cannot be voided, if one is to evolve.

~•*•~

As the morning rays touch the white grounds of powdered snow, and all make their way back to their homes; Corozon sat upon the steps of thy arbor. She seated in deep thought of the words that held strong. Her thoughts interrupted as Malaika soar out from behind the forests winter branches. “Corozon!”
“You have good news?”
“No, I’m sorry. We have nothing more than from before we left.” His face looked grim as he land within her reach. A long silence then held before Malaika express his mind’s thoughts. “Baby, I loath that my following words even be spoken. Though is it time we let go to the idea of finding her? It is draining us all.”
Corozon’s face was of disgust. How could he open his mouth and deliver such unsightly words? “I cannot believe you just asked me that! She must be found. For where I be is that of where Tatiana belongs. She is needed here. The people of this realm need a queen, and I will never rise to be all that she is.” Her look turning then to sheer ache, “All that she… was.”  
With the words of divine’s speech still echoing as clear as the daybreak; was it this in which Corozon was meant to understand? Was Tatiana not to be returning home? Was it time for Corozon to let go? Corozon roared to the morning skies, “You cannot do this, Tatiana! I am not you!”
As every hope feel to be slipping from beneath her fingers, Corozon scream a sea of tearful thoughts that rupture from her eyes now closed. Malaika cradle her heavy head upon his shoulder.
“My queen. You are correct in saying that you are not she. There is only one Queen Tatiana Grace, just as there is only one Queen Corozon. You fear, and you doubt your abilities; that they will not align with hers. Though they do not need to, nor are they meant to. They must be of your own. Is it not Tatiana who said… to be different is a power in itself, and when we free ourselves from thy shackles of fear and doubt, we become empowered – a power to be reckoned with.”
He was right. 

At that very moment, an elegant white horse galloped down from the far set fields. She brushed her nose against Corozon’s shoulder. The horse resembled a strength that Corozon so greatly admired. For a horse could beautifully balance both their fond, protective nature, and their love for others to such depth, alongside maintaining their equitable desires for freedom and independence. 
Through minds speech, Corozon heard her words. May the night of thy tears, bring your eyes into the dawn of all that is assured. I see in you, as you see in me, and of all that you shall come to see in yourself. A divine beauty of strength held within.

Two days later she would hear a call that would have her heart racing from a place she’d almost let go. There would lay a voice and a vision that would soon become of more. There would lay a voice and a vision that would soon be set before her feet once again.



Be it as it may
And as dire as it may be
Never lose thy hope
Be it truth shall set you free
Hearts may come to break
Locks may bare no key
Though wish a promised desire
And believe in thy will, it will be.


Chapter Seventeen
REFLECTION

To stand up for what you believe in, to continue 
when all seems dim; it shows courage of admirable grandeur, 
and heart of every soul’s truth.

Lyric had not left thy city of Naples, nor would he, until his love remembered thy truth. The following afternoon, after his and Tatiana’s first meeting of reunion, he tapped the front door with his knuckle. No one answer. Three more times he tried, and three more times there was still no answer. Lyric knew that no one was home. He’d not been able to feel any presence beyond the doors. Though determined to see with his own, and too impatient to wait for a sign, Lyric walked around to the sandy shores. He strolled unswervingly toward the gate to which Tatiana had first appeared. Unable to open it, he looked about to see that there was no one near. Using energy artistry, he lifted himself from the ground, up and over the fencing. 
“What do you think you’re doing?” Kailen appeared from nowhere, scaring the living daylights out of Lyric – again.
“Seriously Kailen! Must you?”
“Well answer me then. What – are – you – doing?”
Lyric not too fussed with Kailen’s question, would answer all the same. “What’s it look like I’m doing. I need to see Tatiana.”
Kailen swung and smacked Lyric on the back of the head.
“What did you do that for?” Lyric rubbing the place of contact, “Still don’t think you should be able to do that. I mean, considering you’re dead and all.” 
Kailen snapped back. “You know very well why I did that. One… you know without a shadow of a doubt that no one is here. And two… we agreed that you would take your time.”
“Well, no, not precisely. Yes, you told me to take my time. I listened, I acknowledged, and yes, I understood your reasoning. Though I never did actually agree in words that I would do as you told. And Kailen…” Lyric broke his speech while thinking of the night prior. “Kailen – you should have seen her. She recalled Eterna Fadas. Maybe not so much as to how we’d prefer her to recall it, but she did nonetheless. She even remembered her home by the Tranquillo River.”
“I know. I was watching.”

Kailen tried reasoning with Lyric to leave, but he refused to depart until he’d seen Tatiana. Therefore, knowing there was no rationalizing with this man, Kailen was then gone.

~•*•~

What had been mid afternoon, soon became dark. Lyric sat and waited in the absence of light upon the decking, beneath the obscurity of the gardens tropics. 
It was late, and Lyric’s eyes were heavy. He’d begun to drift into weary rest, when from within the house there was a flick of a switch. Seeing Tatiana step through the front entrance, Lyric jumped to his feet. He began walking towards the back glass doors. Then pulling to a halt, his eyes gaze down her arm. It was stretched out behind, her hand in firm grasp of another. Lyric swallowed, his stomach turned within itself. It was Julian, the man in which Kailen had spoken of. The one who’d stayed at her side over the passing months – had protected her – had become her…
Julian then stepped within view, his lips becoming one with hers, while Lyric’s breaths become none. Quickly Lyric step back, concealing himself beneath the dusk of thy trees. He didn’t want to see, but was unable to look away. The ballad of his heart looked at Julian the same way she’d looked at him for all eternity. 
Again Lyric swallowed hard. He blinked twice trying to clear the tears that found rest in his rueful eyes. With his heart torn, and his mind of all he dreamed dampened; Lyric rose from the terrace, certain he never wanted to look back ever again.

~•*•~

Within the first pages of thy morning’s ascent, Lyric was overcome with a different kind of determination and certainty. The only reason she is lost within Julian’s embrace is because she knows nothing other than he. He was her savior; of course she loved this man with endearing respect. Even he couldn’t deny that he was evermore thankful to Julian in one way or another. Lyric even apologizing to Julian in mind, for he could only imagine how much thy man had already fallen in love with her. Be he understand that what he was about to do was by no means in disrespect to he. 
Lyric deemed then that he would show her thy truth. He would have her remember the true state of her being. He tried to have himself believe that this was not just about him anymore; this was about an entire realm of people, who loved and adored this woman like nothing else. 

Waiting the morning for Julian to leave, Lyric was at once on her doorstep. He’d barely rapped his hand upon the door, when it opened. 
“Oh my goodness,” Tatiana somewhat startled.
There before him, thy queen of his heart stood. She was dressed all in white, like the diamond of dreams that she was. Her hair was pulled back revealing her fine features and ears of delicate point. He then noted the ring upon her finger. She was wearing her rose ring of enchanted stars; though he doubted she understand what she actually had upon her hand. 
“Sorry. I didn’t mean to scare you.”
“No, that’s fine. You just caught me off guard is all.” She smiled. “Good morning by the way. Lyric isn’t it?” Her voice was his angel’s song.
“Good morning, my lady,” bowing with regal smile as he spoke. “And yes – Lyric it is. You remembered?” 
“But how could I forget such a beautiful man. Though I must admit, I’m still a little confused of our meeting. I’m still not quite sure what took me to the beach in the first place. Mind you, that does seem to be what many of my days consist of – surprise, and unexpected.”
Lyric’s smile could have lit an entire army of women. His eyes… well… they were a whole other story all their own. 
Tatiana then tilted her head with doubtful look. “Sorry, but why are you here?” 
Thinking on his feet, Lyric answered with the only response he could come up with. “Umm… my meetings were cancelled today. I had no definite plans, and then… I thought of you.”
The look on Tatiana’s face turned a touch more doubtful. Lyric questioned his words. “I’m sorry. Did I say something wrong?”
Slightly nervous, somewhat intrigued, though somehow also rather in awe of this man standing before her, she replied. “No… nothing wrong, I guess. Though we both do seem to be filled with much apology this morning. I am also kind of wondering what exactly your thoughts were, and how it is that you came to stand upon my doorstep at 9am in the morning?”
Lyric then answering with question, for he had no idea how to answer her as yet. “Where were you headed?”
“For a walk along the beach.”
Lyric smiled. He reached out his hand, encouraging hers. “Shall we take that walk you were headed on? May I accompany you? I can then explain, and possibly take you somewhere you may just remember.”
Why was it that none of this was making sense? She didn’t know this man. He spoke of no reason, and yet she could not help but want to spend time with him? She suddenly hear her angel’s voice. ‘You are safe.’ That seem to be all the reassurance Tatiana needed, as she then take Lyric’s hand of gesture, slowly making their way round to the beach.

Walking along the beach, they converse, and they play. It was like they’d known each other for a lifetime. But how is that possible, thought Tatiana. The hours then seem to fly by. Lunch had come and gone, and Joseph had begun to worry a little as he ventured out to find her. It wasn’t like her to have been gone for so long.
Joseph had barely left the perimeters of their home, when he spotted her. She was walking near the shoreline, beside a man he did not know. Joseph’s intuition told him to hold back and simply watch for the time being. 
It was 3pm, Tatiana only coming to realize the time. She mentioned she needed to make her way home as she worried her lengthened absence may have caused a little concern. Before returning inside, however, Lyric asked that she allow him to take her to a place. 
At first she shook her head. “I’m sorry, but I really must go.”
“Please. I promise it will only take a few minutes of your time, and you don’t even need to go anywhere.”
Tatiana was intrigued. How had he planned on taking her somewhere, and yet not take her anywhere, all at the same time?
Lyric asked if she’d meditated before. She nodded. Alongside Joseph, Tatiana had found it incredibly easy to clear her mind, focusing solely on within. The journeys she’d been on were incredible. It had in fact been there in which she’d first seen Eterna Fadas. Where she had envisioned the Tranquillo River that flowed to the front of her opulent chateau.
However, today, and now, Lyric had plans of taking her to the one place that brought more peace for Tatiana than any other: Tranquillo Falls.  

Asking her to close her eyes, Lyric began by grounding his queen with Mother Earth. He had her envision her energies expanding, and her own roots spreading beneath thy soils, feeling thy Mother’s exquisite energies rise within her being; her soul becoming evermore enlightened by her purity.
He then had her step through a doorway, and into the place he’d spoken of two nights prior. It was still as entrancing as each time she’d seen it. From nowhere, a dark haired beauty suddenly appeared. She graciously greeted her with open arms. However, as Tatiana pull back; the beauty was now of red and orange locks. Lyric continue to lead her up through the forests to an opening. It was a dreamscape. The water fell of alluring power. White shades fanning across crystal waters. Blooms in blues and pinks and purples were all glistening beneath the sun’s splendored rays. She could hear the bird’s tunes of lullabied song. Seating herself within thy floral clearing, beside the breaths of purified liquid, she suddenly felt a serene lull unlike anything before. 
Looking down on mirrored waters, Tatiana catch sight of her reflection. The woman echoing back, however… it looked like her, and yet, it did not. There was a light about her of incandescent brilliance, and from behind her were two of the most incredible, beautiful, and enchanting blue wings. No longer did Lyric then lead, her own path laid out before her. She heard herself say, ‘I’m home.’ 
Flashes of memory then suddenly breaking… her ring, La Rosa de Prata, Kailen, Corozon, Lyric; she was lying within his arms, their bodies entwined as one.
Pulling herself from deep reflection, Tatiana was very quick to her feet, taking a long step back from Lyric. A single fine Egyptian blue strand had swiftly appeared in her hair of silvered length. 
“What did you just do to me? Where? Why did you take me there? Who were those people? Why was I?” Tatiana’s memory of being with Lyric feeling more real than her feet planted within the sand. “I do know you – don’t I?” Tears already formed.
Though before he could reply, Joseph had run in from out of nowhere. He’d seen her fearful response, and ran to be at her side. “Tatiana. Are you okay?”
Feeling as lost as when she first awoke within the hospital, Tatiana took another step back from Lyric, grabbing Joseph’s hand in hers. “Yes, Joseph, I’m fine. We just had a slight disagreement.”
Urgh. Though a small lie, a lie it was nonetheless, and its words burnt the roof of Tatiana’s mouth with a taste of metal. Though she couldn’t tell Joseph what really happened; she wasn’t even sure herself. 

If what she saw was real, was she ready for it? How could she even consider the very thought of a life outside of the only one she had come to know. It was all too much.

~•*•~

Back on the terrace in the safety of her home, Tatiana bathed in the last of the afternoon sun. With paper and pen in hand she scrolled a few lines.

I yearn his romantics, his arouse, his arise
I find myself lost in the abyss of his eyes
I fall to my knees; I yield to his hold
A depth of affection that has yet been untold
Moments met in secret, for his touch is but in mind
A love of which was always, and again I will to find
To feel his tender form, invade my lustful bow
To lose myself once more, within his lucid glow

Since the time that Tatiana and Joseph had begun conversing and connecting on a level of soul, she’d become accustomed to writing her feelings and visions on paper. There were things she could not speak about with Julian, as she believed he would not understand, or be open to the sights she’d seen. Her writing had also become her safe haven, where all her deepest desires could be spilt. 
Placing the pen and paper upon the side table, Tatiana stroked the underside of her ring band, slipping it from her finger. Holding it with query, the sapphire petals shone, the sun’s rays revealing it’s every flawless shimmer. Her hand then reaching for that singular blue strand, the one that hold strong in her hair. Do I want to know more? I have to know more, don’t I? The thoughts and feelings invoked within were an impulse upon her horizon of plea; a request from one heart to another that she believed would never let go. Who was he? Why had he returned now?



We dance a dance of a thousand words.
We dance an emotional battle of heart,
of love and of pain.
We step left instead of right sometimes.
We spin until we feel dizzy.
We dance until our feet hurt.
But we dance nonetheless.
Live every step with courage.
Live every step with no regret.
For every step, right or wrong,
proves that we tried,
and that we did so with heart.


Chapter Eighteen
REMEMBER

A memory is both the sun and the moon. It is of dark as it is of light. 
Bless that of thy dark, rejoice in the light, and understand that life 
must go on, regardless what color the sky. 

The very same night while Julian lay beside her in quiet slumber, Tatiana could not sleep, she remained unbelievably restless, her mind swarming of too many thoughts. Thoughts, memories; was it truly what they were? 
She couldn’t stay here. She needed to go for a walk and clear her mind of the frantic deliberation. Stepping from behind the gate, Tatiana placed her feet into the comfort of thy soothing sands. Looking up and out at the soft curl of thy waves, there he was, waiting for her.

She didn’t even ask how he came to be there this time. Nothing about this man surprised her anymore. Standing within arms reach, Lyric stepped forward, her hands immediately upon his chest, pushing him away, “Please. Don’t.”
“I’m sorry. I just thought…”
“No. You just thought nothing – that’s the problem. I on the other hand, have thought too much.” The look within Tatiana’s eyes was of pain and confusion. “All of which I saw today, is that of who I am? Or more to the point, who I was?”
Salted beads formed, collapsing from the corner of her sight. Lyric placed his hand upon her cheek, wiping away at the gentle fall. His heart’s truth then being spoke. “I can only imagine how scared you are, but I ask you to hear me now. I love you, not because I must, but because that is how I feel. I care for you, not because you need care, but because I want to. I will always be here for you, not because I want anything in return, other than your blissful truth to be held. My love for you is unconditional. My love for you is eternal. You have to trust me, I don’t want anything more than for you to be happy.”
“Then why could you not have just left me? I’m happy – I was happy.” She then removed his hand from her cheek. “Damn you. I just don’t know anymore.”
“You will,” is all he said, as he softly take her hand, slipping the ring from her finger. “Do you know what this is?” Lyric ask.
“I know it is the only thing I have left of my life prior,” she replied.
Lyric held it within his own hands feeling its power. He then asked her whether she’d felt its energy, and whether she had ever felt it of any more than just a ring. Her swift reply being yes, she had always known that there was more than was to meet the eye. How much more, she had no idea. 
“Hold out your hand,” Lyric instructed her.
She did just as she was told. Lyric then sliding the ring back on her finger. He told her to unlock it. What did he mean unlock it? It was a ring. It wasn’t a door, it wasn’t a box; it had no keyhole.
“What do you mean unlock it?”
Lyric placed Tatiana’s free hand to be still just above the sapphire petals. He then coerced her fingers to gently caress its exquisite beauty. “Concentrate,” he whispered.
Tatiana closed her eyes, taking a deep breath. One petal and then the next, she began stroking each one. Her fingers begin moving without thought, lightly pushing down on five petals in an obvious specified sequence.
The sapphires and diamonds that sit in the very center of thy rose, suddenly rise; they pull back to the sides. Removing her hand, she watched. Each petal then gently shifted, until her sapphire ring no longer look like a rose. The sapphires and diamonds were now elegantly placed to resemble a finely constructed well of charm. Inside: a silver glittered powder.
Tatiana’s eyes open wide at the enchanting wonder before her. “What is it?” Her hand moving back against the sapphire edges while the silver dust softly lift to kiss the tips of her fingers. 
“Estralas Encantado, my Queen.” 
Unsure what was happening, Tatiana breathed deep, as thy enchanted stars sweep about her hand. “What’s happening?”
Lyric’s delighted look was of tenderness and gracious beam. “The magic will always remain, just as it has always been. It is forever within you.”
“What does that mean?” 
Not that he needed to answer. The answers would reveal themselves soon enough. A wreathe of silver powder then travel the length of her arm, across her bare shoulders, and in circles about her every angelic detail. As it drifted across her eyes of wide, she closed them, to have opened her sight of third eye. All at once, her eternal life then flash before her very eyes. Her every remembrance of thousands of years, again held of her truth as thy queen. All eleven blue tresses returning within the light of her platinum silver locks.  

Beneath a night of skies stars she sees… memories of herself, Crystabella, and Corozon dancing. She sees herself standing in the middle of her home. The grand door to thy front entrance is opened, and from behind its grandeur step Kailen, his smile of warmth filling the space. Lying within his den, she was again in the arms of Lyric, their hearts beating as one. Her feet were then finding the lush grasses of thy Clearing. Her visions of day were turned into visions of night, as thy sanctuary fill with all of her people. They were awaiting her words of love and light. She was home again in mind’s eye.
Unfortunately, not all her memories were of hearted bliss, as her mind turn shades of dark and dread. Kailen – he lay within her arms upon their sacred grounds. She was saying goodbye all over again, the pain of his eternal sleep tearing through her body whole. The pain then changing course, as a different ache drown her recall: Edan. The torment he’d brought the night of thy Moon Clearing. The night in which she agreed to cross onto Earth with him so as he’d keep his promise in not causing any further disharmony upon her realm…
Tatiana’s eyes shot open. She gasped. “They think I’m dead!” Her heart beat thump within her throat. She closed her ring of blue sapphire rose; Lyric then took her hands. “Breathe. A few, yes. Though most, especially Corozon, held strong to the belief and the feeling that you were still alive, and that they would find you. Corozon gathered a group of your finest faeries from all about Eterna Fadas. They’ve been travelling here each full moon in search of you. Unfortunately, the search has been difficult. Edan had cast a spell of life’s life upon you, leaving you in silent barrier. None could feel for you. Not a connection through soul – nothing.” Lyric was holding tears back. “Bub. To think of a life without you was an unbearable mark on my soul. I couldn’t breathe. I didn’t want to breathe. I would never give up until I found you. You know you give me purpose beyond my own, and I can never live without my purpose – my truth.” Wiping away the tears of fall, he added. “I am forever thankful to Kailen.” Tatiana held a queried eye. “Kailen brought me to you. It is because of he that I found you when I did.” His words then becoming his plea, “Don’t you ever leave me again. Don’t you ever bring me to no breath. Bubba, I love you. I love you with every ounce of my being, and I will not… I refuse… to live this life without you. You are my eternal heart’s every need. You are my vision at the end of a perfect day.”  
Placing her hands either side of Lyric’s face, Tatiana shed tears alongside. Their love really was, a love that could never compare… even to that of Julian – a man who not only saved her, but a man who she had grown to love and adore beyond all measures, for his own beautiful reasons.

~•*•~

A night of eternal passions impression, a night of dance that set in thy stars. Her life on earth suddenly forgotten, whilst her eternal life hold her endearing heart’s rest. 
Lyric’s hands enclosed about hers, as another single pearl of tear steal his cheek from either side. She was the glimmer in his eyes, the truth and speech of his heart. She was the voice sung in which he only hear, and thy seed within his bloom. They were one thought engulfed in two minds, their heartbeats forevermore in tune. No words could then be spoken; for no words would give their feelings felt, the justice they so rightfully deserved. This was a love in which had been written in thy celestial stars themselves. Their souls eternally bound as one; their bodies hold them just the same, as they soon then find thy carvings, of their love’s true timeless frame.
Stepping out into the glory of thy ocean’s evening kiss, the world befall numb about them. Thy salted seas energies of cleanse and strength, enhancing every sensation, both within and without. 
Tatiana and Lyric were lost in the alluring artistry of one another, while their lips hold a power within the others fated echo. Two bodies no longer existed, only one of absolute pure form. They had faded from their every surrounding, into an experience that neither would ever forget. An experience that would one day prove to be more than it was.
Never had two faeries been one within the energies of Earth in such a way… and in that of human form.

~•*•~

Julian woke in the early hours of thy morning. Outside there was still only darkness, but beside him there was an empty space. A feeling of the same then swelled within. Something told him, she was gone.
The weeks to follow, Julian would search with never an answer recovered. What had become and engulfed his every thought, and erupted within his every dream, had fallen into an oblivion of desperate calling and painful memory.
Unable to even call the police, as there was no record on her to be found. Had it all been a dream – a dream that had suddenly become his every churning nightmare? 
Joseph was his only salvation, for he could not believe she was gone for good. He believed that she would return. He admitted to himself that he’d seen her energy shift over the two days leading to her disappearance. He had also seen both Lyric and Tatiana’s full forms on the beach, the day they’d gone into deep reflection. But he was absolutely certain within that she would be home soon. 
Unfortunately, there was only so much he could speak of with Julian. Julian may have been open minded, open to the thought of miracles and to that of which could never be explained; but he was still not ready to hear of her lands beyond, to where Joseph believed Tatiana had momentarily returned.

~•*•~

Stepping through the aperture, Tatiana was overcome with feelings of exquisite euphoria while she returned to her natural form. She was home. She was where her true heart belonged. 
Her first place of call before any other: Corozon.
It was still only just half-light. Thou sun had barely appeared from above the peaks of thy mountains; and yet, all about her, the land was already filling with sounds of exuberance and high spirit. Mother Earth’s elements were attuning into Tatiana’s celestial energies, as the winter’s sleep was instantly becoming undone about her. Buds were becoming blooms, while ferns extended their fronds. Feeling her presence, and hearing her angelic voice echo through thy Woods of Soul… it was all that was needed to bring thy every animal out. They bowed their heads as they viewed her. She then heard his voice.
‘Welcome home, my queen.’
Tatiana glanced about to find him. She peered behind just in time to see Kailen’s spirit fading, his warm smile filling her heart with even more blissful emotion.

Gliding through thy trees was Desiree; a delicate faerie, whose hair was of fairy floss pink, and whose voice was so soft and sweet. She quite possibly may have woken the entire forest had she been able to roar any louder than a field mouse. “Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god!!! Aaahhhhhh – Queen Tatiana – ohhh – myyy – god!” 
Desiree was one of the few faeries who preferred the darkened hours more so than the light. She had been on her way home, to the north side of Feather Vale. Soaring towards Tatiana at forceful speed, she almost bowled her over. “Is that really you? Where have you been? I dreamt you would come back!” 
Wrapping her arms around so tight, Tatiana gasped as Desiree literally took the air from her lungs. However, Tatiana could only smile at Desiree’s enthusiasm as she try and respond through stolen breath. “Yes, my angel, it is I. Though may I ask that your grip be a little less, my sweet?”
“Oops, sorry Tatiana.” Desiree let go before drifting back a wee little. “It’s just so incredibly wonderful to see you.”
“As it is to see you,” Tatiana’s words bringing such spirited energies to soar within her frenzied mind. “My love, as beautiful as it is to see you, I must continue.”
“Yes, of course.” Desiree replied before fleeting in the blink of an eye. “Oh my god, Queen Tatiana is home.” This is all both Tatiana and Lyric could then hear echoing through the forests.

Both souls then decided it be best they fly a little higher, and of a slightly quicker pace, so as hopefully not to be seen by any other. Tatiana also very much wanted to get to Corozon’s before she woke and headed out.
Flying directly to the back of Corozon’s home, Tatiana swiftly land in front of the doors that led to her bedroom. Placing her hands on the door handles, she turned them and gently pulled. The sun’s rays now touch all in its wake and beam from behind Tatiana as she stand in the doorway. Corozon stirred beneath her blankets, pulling them up under her chin as the cool breezes wafted in through the doors.
“Malaika, can you get the doors. The breeze must have caught them.” 
Malaika sat up and peered over at the open door. “Tati…”
Tatiana placed her finger to her lips as though to hush him. 
“Corozon,” Tatiana gently called her name.
Thinking she was dreaming, she rolled over in the direction of thy doors, pulling up at the blankets ever so more. Still a little cool, she went to ask again. “Malaika, can you…” her eyes then opened just a little. She blinked hard. Then in a slow uncertain tone she asked, “Malaika, please tell me that I’m not still dreaming?”
Malaika jabbed her under the rib cage.
“Ahh. What was that for?”
A smile of cheek spread across his face. “You asked me to tell you that you weren’t still dreaming.”
“Yes, tell me. Not delight your own senses.”
“You two will never change will you?” Tatiana blissfully alleged as she stepped forth from the frame of the door, and out from the sun’s bright blaze.
Now wide-awake, though still feeling like she was held in another dream; Corozon slipped her feet from under her blanket. She placed them down upon the feather rug, still somewhat hesitant to stand.
“Tatiana, is that you? Is that really you? I heard you calling yesterday. I closed my eyes and held you within my arms. Though I had then thought it like every other desirable dream of you, pushing it aside.” Tears had already begun to welter.
Tatiana glided her feet across the floor to then be standing within less than two breaths. She wiped away at Corozon’s tears. “Good morning, my gorgeous girl.” Brushing Corozon’s hair back from her face. Tatiana’s smile brought heartfelt tingles to every part of her being. “No, my love, that was no dream. I saw you, and I felt your hold also. We have Lyric to thank for that.”
Lyric then stepped through the doors and into view.
“How did you… where did you…”
Corozon became intoxicated with extreme rapture. Her whole body being overwhelmed with a wave of ecstatic energies, sparking her wings of pink and yellow beneath their red and orange truth. She had just about given up the thought of ever seeing her best friend ever again. 
“All your questions will be answered in due time, my love.” Tatiana smiled, “But for now, would you just give me a bloody hug.”
With no more than a fraction of a second, Corozon was absorbed in her embrace. One in which Corozon would never want to let go.

~•*•~

With the preliminary greetings over, all four fae then headed into Corozon’s grand kitchenette. With Corozon still in slight daze, she could barely take her eyes off Tatiana, while Malaika began making them tea. There was complete quiet. Tatiana reached across the island bench, holding out her hand, palm up. Corozon placing her own into Tatiana’s warm hold. The absence of sound then broken as Tatiana flicked at a piece of Corozon’s hair. “So… this is the new look then?”
Corozon’s response of sarcasm being fuel to a few giggles, “Yeh, you know, I figure if I was to step into your place as queen, then I better make an impression. I tell you what though; it did nothing of the kind. I don’t think anyone even notice.”
Malaika butted in with a huge grin. “Oh, trust me, my queen, they noticed.” Realizing what he’d just said, Malaika turned to Tatiana apologizing for referring to Corozon as his queen in front of her. 
“Don’t be silly, Malaika. I think it’s quite fitting of her actually.” Winking at Corozon as she said this. “Oh, and somehow I have to agree with Malaika on this one. There ain’t no way they could not have noticed. So tell me… what really happened?”
Corozon then filled Tatiana in on the details of her frightful night. Malaika and Lyric then revealing the rest.
“I’m sorry I wasn’t here. It’s so hard to fathom that Edan could still want to cause such harm. If only I had been able to…”
“Don’t you dare blame any of this on yourself,” Corozon very quickly cut her off. “You did nothing but remain of truth and heart, only ever doing right by your people.” 
Tatiana’s heart was immediately filled with admiration and pride for her gorgeous Corozon. “You are a queen aren’t you?”
Looking about the room, Tatiana then add, “I do believe the last time we were in here together, was just before you held your first Moon Clearing. Tell me all about it. How did it go? And since then… how have each of thy divine souls been? It has been a few months, hasn’t it?” The last comment spoken in a more disheartened tone.
Corozon had no care to do reruns of her own prior months. She only cared to know what had come to pass with Tatiana, and how it was that she found her way back. 
“I promise to tell you everything. But please… indulge me with some news of my true home. Lyric mentioned you travelled to the Eternal Falls.” Her grin widen with the thought of her first glance upon its extravagant beauty. “Was it all you had dreamt of?”
Corozon’s only reply, “You – here. That is more than all I have dreamt of over the passing months. I still can’t believe you’re here.”
“My gorgeous girl. I love you so much. Yes, being back is more than I could have dreamed. Trust me on that.” Tatiana squint her eyes and smirk while peering in Lyric’s direction. “But please, Corozon, I must know how you are, how you have been coping with the responsibility. I chose you to reign for a reason, and I…”
Corozon had to interject again. “Yes, but we had thought it would only be for one night, not several, and most definitely not for all eternity.”
Tatiana’s smile then lowered. “Yes, but do you need to make it sound like that would have been torture? From what I’ve been told, you were managing more than either of us could have imagined, my love.” She paused, “And what of your powers? They’ve increased have they not?”  
Corozon admitted that she’d been focusing and practicing, and yes, her powers of belief in oneself had strengthened. But all knew, as did she, that she was still Corozon. She was carefree, independent, not what you would consider the best queen material.
Now it was Tatiana’s turn to interrupt. “My lovely, are you insinuating that I am neither independent nor free?”
“Oh, damn it. No. You know that’s not what I meant, Tat. It’s just that… well… you know how to juggle it all with such grace.”
“Ha. Have you not seen me make mistakes? Have you not seen me put the right foot in the wrong place, and my heart’s desire ahead of my sometimes logic thought? Helllooooo… take Edan for example. Honey – I ain’t perfect. I am so far from perfect. We are not meant to be; you know that. We are simply meant to do the best we can. We are meant to follow through with what we believe is the right thing, regardless of who tells us not to. Then, if it turns out we were wrong; we just pick ourselves up while thanking thy blessing in disguise. Hopefully we learn from thou mistakes and move on, with our head up, and our heart still open.” Tatiana’s expressions then change, her face turn pale with worry, as her thoughts were unexpectedly carried to Julian.
“Tat, what’s wrong?” Corozon asking while Lyric snap himself up to her side, wrapping his arms about her shoulders. Tatiana simply shake her head, “Nothing, my sweet.” She couldn’t answer; not right now anyhow, not while Lyric was here. She would only break his heart more than she had already done.

~•*•~

As the morning proceeded, the sound of eager voices could be heard in the distance. Closer and louder the sounds were becoming; their energies were of passion and enthused. 
Looking out through thy kitchen window, they then saw… faeries and nature’s beautiful creatures flowing from the thick of white layers. They were gliding down from the pearl-lit skies. 
Desiree, the darling little soul, must have sent out word of their queen’s return. 
Glancing back at Tatiana, Corozon stated in absolute irony, “Oh look, they’ve all come to visit me. How beautiful of them all to finally show an interest.”
Tatiana smacked her across the arm with the back of her hand. “Hey! Don’t be like that. You know they love you.”
“Hmm… hmm…” Corozon raised her eyebrows in mock.
“Seriously girl, I am gonna kick that ass of yours.” Tatiana smirking, “You know I’m more than happy to do so if required.”
“I’d like to see you try.” Corozon enjoying the banter of her friend again.

The sound of joyful cheer echoed through every room of Corozon’s home. Lyric hold out his hand, “My queen – they await you.”
Placing her hand within his, Tatiana turned her head to face Corozon. It looked like she was about to say something of importance, but she said nothing. Instead, Tatiana only poked out her tongue, cheek pervading her eyes. Then turning on her heel, her and Lyric started for the front entrance. Corozon in more smile than she could ever have hoped.

~•*•~

She was a sight they had all dreamt, though had begun to believe they would never see again.
An uproar of squeals boomed through every shade of white forest and hillside in the area. It was like she’d risen from the dead. Sending energies of calm and serene, Tatiana hummed silence into her people within four butterfly breaths. All that was, except the one faerie who was arriving in astonishing speed from behind the crowd of faeries: Crystabella. 
Crystabella only lived a very short distance from that of Corozon’s; however, she’d also been one of the last to hear of Tatiana’s return, for our dear girl had locked herself up within her home. 

Since the night of fiery bedlam, she had chosen to keep to herself most days. She’d helped with the restoration of Tatiana’s home, and Corozon had seen her sneak into the crowd of faeries on the night of thy Moon Clearing just past. But for the remainder of time, the beautiful Crystabella had asked that she be left on her own. It had pained Corozon to see Crystabella so quiet and withdrawn, but she’d respected her wishes of solitude. It had been her time to reflect on her consistent misjudgment, her errors in believing Edan’s deceitful words. It was also her time to come to an understanding within; that these moments were just that – moments. As with so many since Tatiana’s undesired departure, it was always her queen’s words that gave comfort to the times of dire felt. Always move forward, and never look back! The past is but a mere fragment of thy glory that is yet to come. It is only one's conscious mind that shall divert thou soul's truth.

Still flying at an implausible speed, Crystabella threw herself into Tatiana’s arms, crying of joyful elation. It was a hold of gratitude for her return, but it was also a surrender to some of her guilt, her doubt, and her pain. Tatiana said nothing. She just held her, her energy essence gently imparting pure love and light through the core of her existence. Crystabella whispered, “You’re home.”

~•*•~

The next few days were spent in great celebration. Such an abundance of people had descended into Feather Vale. 
Eeowyn, Prima, and others from Armarria had also flown in, though they did not arrive until the following evening. They had in fact, only just arrived home two days prior from the night of full moon. And despite this, there was no question as to whether or not they would return to Feather Vale to see their queen. 

Little did anyone know, that as the darkness fell upon those nights of Tatiana’s homecoming, another figure would be hidden within the obscurity of woods nearby. A soul and mind that held no joyful thrill. A soul and mind who instead only seared the thought of her return.



Remorseful mind
Nigh grateful heart
Thy choice be made
Decisions impart
Her words farewell
Her truths be told
Be no regret
Of futures unfold


Chapter Nineteen
VALEDICTION

The most difficult goodbye may just be the most beautiful hello.

It had been just over two weeks since Tatiana first stepped back into the realm of faerie. Everyone was still so full of euphoric sensation. However, Tatiana was beginning to have feelings of guilt and despair set in stone. In point of fact, they’d done so only four days after she’d first arrived – once the initial excitement of her return had softened.
Julian had become a living, breathing thought of its own. It held within her every waking moment and her every nighttime dream. Tatiana was beginning to condemn herself for hurting another as she had – especially a man in whom she loved so dearly; a man who had literally put his life on hold for her. 
So lost in the regain of her mislaid eternal life, she’d left with no reason, and no goodbye. She knew that she had to return to Naples. She had to explain and settle the details of where she’d been, and why she’d left. She would have to deliver to Julian her final goodbyes, in order to forgive her own self, to be able to resume the life that was her eternal rest.

~•*•~

They may have understood why she felt the need to return, though Lyric and Corozon’s feelings were mixed. They would not doubt their hesitation. She was revisiting the place that had taken her away from them for so long. Alongside with, Tatiana had been feeling unwell the past three days. 
Each of the last three or so mornings, she awoke to feelings of nausea and vomiting. Thy feelings reappearing on and off throughout her days. Thankfully, she’d always been able to calm the notions with a healing touch, not that this seemed to keep the nausea at bay for too long. She was also having trouble shaking feelings of exhaustion. Tatiana had never been ill. And what made it even more so unusual was that the energy about the illness was different to anything they’d ever felt. There were no dark or negative influences about this illness at all.

With Tatiana holding ground to her need to return, Corozon bellowed. “Tatiana, how do you expect to be able to handle the journey, or the transformation, when you’re feeling so unwell?”
“Then come with me.” Tatiana uttered, as she looked up from the basin her head had just been within.
“You know I can’t. One of us must stay here.”
Tatiana wiped her mouth with the hand towel. “The Moon Clearing isn’t for another week. We’ll be back well before, and the boys can hold the fort till then. Edan doesn’t seem to have tried to show his face here since my arrival, which I have to admit has surprised me. And… I have to hold faith that all will continue to rise and fall each day in blissful harmony.”
Corozon bit back. “You mean, like how you held faith that Edan would somehow prove of light.”
“Corozon.” Tatiana’s voice was low and unimpressed with her statement.
“Look, I’m sorry, Tat. It’s just not always that easy for me to see the beauty in everything the way you do.”
“I know, my love. Trust me, I have my moments too. You know that.”
And she did. It was simply that Tatiana focused on the beauty through most of the time, and only let the unhealthy holds to the forefront of her mind, once in a mystic mile. And even then, they never held for long enough to emerge as a dreaded master that would not let go of their feared prisoner, or their doubtful host.
Eventually Corozon agreed to cross onto Earth with Tatiana. It had been a very, very long time since Corozon had placed her feet onto earthly soils. She’d actually have to go back beyond a thousand years, to a time thy earth era referred to as the Dark Ages; when the Roman Empire had crumbled, and the Aztec Empire rivaled. When life upon Earth was cruel and short. 
So for Corozon, she had no idea what to expect, except for the stories she’d been told. 

~•*•~

Standing on the bank of Tranquillo River, near to where thy aperture dwell; Corozon was filled with feelings of nervous enthusiasm. Tatiana and Malaika had spoken to her of what she was first to anticipate, and the very thought of all she was about to cast her eyes upon was exhilarating and daunting at the same time. 

It was the cusp of a new night. The swamp sanctuary they were travelling to was just north of Naples. Tatiana knew that during the hours of sun’s hiding there would be no people upon the boardwalks. 
Over the years, Tatiana had reformed the spells of gateway and transformation, binding them as one. Holding a chain made of six powered crystals, she began to chant. However, barely two words had been spoken when Tatiana suddenly stopped. She clenched at Corozon’s hand. Something was wrong. She sensed several energies of darkened thought. Then, just as she went to turn, she was torn back and thrown to thy water’s edge. Looking up from her now wet presence, she scorned, “Edan!”
His eyes were as dark as his soul had declared. His energy essence of black and gray was haunting. Tatiana soared at him with open hands. For once, she cared not for her actions as she began sending unequivocal pain of fire and ice through every fragment of his body and soul. Through indefinable pain he threat, “I wouldn’t if I were you.”
Just then, an assembly of faeries with black and shadowed minds appeared from within the trees. They were coming in from above the face of thy cliff also. They were surrounded.
Tatiana let go of her hold. “What have you done?” Her voice was of anger and hurt.
“It is not what I have done. It is what I will do – if you return, again.”
With Tatiana gone, he’d been able to cast more minds into his dark torment of a world. Corozon had been so distracted by the fire, her search, and her own tortured mind, that she’d not been in a place to notice what was happening outside herself most days.
“And when I do – what then?” asked Tatiana.
“Your powers may be great dear queen, but they are nothing compared to ours. You will have no choice but to end your reign, and it will be I who bring this world to its knees.”
Feeling Corozon’s anger boil, Tatiana clutched about her wrist, speaking with her through mind. Don’t Corozon. Not now. He needs to think he has the upper hand for the time being. I still need to cross onto Earth, and I do not need him causing any further disruption while we are away.  
“I shall consider your demand, though I will ask you to promise me something first.”
Edan had not expected such an easy fight, his ego raging with ghastly pride. “I don’t make promises Tatiana. You should know better than that. Though I will hear your terms.”
“Leave now and return to your place of hiding. If you even consider causing any harm upon my people, I will know, and I will not be afraid to hunt you down and destroy you myself.”
Further words he thought he’d never hear from thy queen’s mouth. He smirked of conceit, before turning to his misled cohorts. “Let’s go!”
“Why did you…” Corozon went to ask in disgust.
“Time will prove to be his enemy, my love,” Edan already long gone. She would then say nothing more about the situation. “Come, my love, we must go.”
Holding Corozon’s hand, Tatiana envisioned their place of feet, as she again begin to grant thy spell.

Beyond what we thee see
A faerie’s heart thy human know
Beyond this timeless realm
I ask thee to now show
Upon her soils of not thy own
Reveal thy vessel’s door
Cast my followed footstep
The mirrors shadow, earthly floor
Reflect their living matter
Human form, a must I be
A faerie soul I hold within
Though body, human thee. 

~•*•~

Within the twilight of the night they fall. Stepping out into the lights of Naples domains, Corozon was numb in disbelief. The homes, the people, the energies that filled the air, it was like nothing she had imagined. The people resided in more of everything than that of her last memories of Earth, and yet, the emotions felt by these people was so varied. Several still lived in the want for more, others condemned themselves for not having been enough, and heartbreak was deemed through many. Tatiana advised Corozon to focus and control her senses, for if she did not she would be bound to feel the sentiments every minute of her time there. She also had Corozon understand that not all was as she’d felt, but that due to her empathy trait, she would always hear the calls for help louder than the ones of joy and delight.
“You’ll get used to it.” Tatiana reassured her.

Still in amazement to all her surroundings, Tatiana led Corozon to the place she had called her home. The place where she’d left a man in complete disarray – his mind a mess, his heart in shatters. As they walk the shores of thy ocean’s bed, and with each step that bring her closer to him, she felt evermore ill. The horrendous nauseous feeling she’d been dealing with, hit hard when they’d crossed, which didn’t help the situation she was now in.
Standing at the front door, Tatiana tried to pull herself together. She’d never been left with such feelings of shameful remorse on her part, and having to face that guilty and saddened conscious right now… it was more than enough to have her throw her head forward into the bushes of thy garden.
With no knock needed, Joseph was suddenly standing in the opened door. He rushed to her side. “Tatiana, my sweet girl. Are you alright?”
“Yes, thank you Joseph. I am beginning to get used to people catching me with my insides being my out.” She couldn’t help but snicker at herself, as she peered up at Corozon who was holding back her hair with smirk.
With her free hand, Corozon held it out to shake Joseph’s. “Hi there, my name is Corozon. So you’re the glorious Joseph she has told me so much about?”
Joseph, a little uncertain what to think, shook her hand back quickly. “Pleased to meet you.” His attentions then returning to Tatiana even quicker. Standing upright, Tatiana held her hand over her stomach and head, granting healing energies to release. 
Joseph was so preoccupied with getting Tatiana inside and settled upon the lounge, that he’d almost closed the door behind him onto Corozon without thinking. “Oh, I’m so sorry – Corozon was it?”
“Yes, that’s correct.” Corozon affirmed.

Once seated, Joseph was already in the kitchen making Tatiana and her friend some chamomile tea. “Where have you been, my darling?” More worry than anything else expressed by that of Joseph.
There would never be a day where she would hold back the truth from him. Thus, she would respond with complete honesty. “This will sound more absurd than anything you’ve ever heard; but I went home – to Eterna Fadas, the faerie realm.” 
Joseph only nodded his head in understanding. That was not as Tatiana had expected. She was expecting shock, bewilderment, not a simple nod of the head. His following words only confounding her further. “And did you find the answers you were hoping to seek?” 
Corozon gazed at Tatiana. Really? That was going to be his next question? Not… what are you going on about? Are you nuts! What planet are you living on? You did just say you were in the faerie realm, didn’t you? The same thoughts had crossed her own mind, though Tatiana would answer him with as much calm. “Yes, I did, thank you. My answers standing to reason why I am back here.” She looked about the room, feeling for his energy. Nothing. “Where is Julian?”
“He had a dinner meeting, sweetheart. He should be home soon.” 
Walking over to the lounge to pass both of the beauties their tea, Joseph then sat beside Tatiana, rubbing her knee. “I’m so glad you’re home. Tonight was the first time that Julian chose to go anywhere since you left. He’s not been coping very well without you here. He will be so glad to see you. I knew you would return. I’ve reminded him that daily.”
The words Joseph spoke were like a dagger of thorns being shredded through her guilty conscience. Tatiana’s mind then veered back to Joseph’s prior words, or lack of, more to the point. “I have to ask you. How are you so accepting of what I just said? You know, regarding myself being within the realm of faerie?” 
Joseph smiled, very graciously explaining that he had seen her true form the day she’d been on the beach with Lyric.
“But you said nothing. Why did you say nothing?” 
Joseph reply in his peaceful, accepting manner. “My love, this is your journey, not mine. I will guide any who require guiding, though I will not reinforce what I feel, or what I believe upon anyone. I would never tell you of something I did not believe you were ready for, nor would I speak to you about that of which I know you must discover on your own. We are each our own masters. You had to come to understand this in your own time.”
Corozon couldn’t help but interject. “Wow! You weren’t kidding, Tat. He has one of the most understanding and calm energies. And so wise.” She mockingly added. “He’s another version of you, just without the magic, and the wings. He has a few more wrinkles than you also.”
“You’ll have to excuse Corozon, Jojo. Her sense of humor can be quite dry at times.”
“Hey!” Corozon nudged Tatiana with her foot from the couch on the opposite side.

Tatiana rubbed the back of her neck, as a gray shadow cast back upon her. “Joseph.” Tatiana’s voice was of regretful worry. 
“Yes, my sweet girl.” Joseph gazed upon her with eyes of hope.
Taking a deepened breath, Tatiana whispered, “I’m not staying here. I must return to Eterna Fadas.”
Hoping he’d not just heard those words, or that maybe he just misunderstood; he asked her to repeat them. She did; though still he wanted to disbelieve his ears perceiving. “No, that cannot be. That is not as I have seen.”
“I’m sorry, Jojo, but there is more than you believe you know.”
Tatiana proceeded to explain… she wasn’t just a faerie; she was in fact the queen of all faeries. Her life was to lead upon eternal soils with her own people, not upon the earthly realm, as heartbreaking as that was to be to say goodbye to he and Julian. She explained that thy man he’d seen her with, that day upon the beach; he was the true flame of her soul. She also spoke of the torment that dwelled upon her land because of an unjust faerie by the name of Edan. It was because of him that she’d come to be on Earth in the first place, being then cast under his demonic hands, left with no memory of who she was or where she came. She then tried to make him understand that she had to remain there in order to protect her realm, and her people within.
His eyes held the deepest sadness. He was certain of the life he’d seen for her and Julian. 
“Joseph, you know as well as I do that our paths fate can always change dependent upon our choices made. At the time, there was no choice to be made, for I knew of nothing other than the life I had fallen into.”
Placing her hands into his, she asked if she may show him something? He agreed with eyes of loss.
Speaking no further words, Joseph was then taken to a place of enchanting beauty unlike anything he’d ever seen upon Earth. And he’d seen much. The grounds were angelic, and the skies were of heavenly glow and color. Faeries flittered about the lands, and all were in graceful feel. It was so beautiful that he couldn’t help but cry of exquisite wonder. He could see why she loved her lands of home.
However, his feelings were short lived as he was brought out of mind’s eye, and back into the world he had only ever breathed his every breath. His every thought then being held within Julian. “How are you planning on telling Julian?”
Tatiana breathed deep in sorrow. “I will tell him the truth. I owe him that.”

Just then the front door unlocked.
“Please, Tatiana. Please give him time to adjust to this thought. There must be a way to let him know of all in a much more humane and soft manner. He may have ideas of such a world, but knows nothing of its truth; and the thought of him losing you again once he sees you… it’s going to be more than he can bear. Please Tatiana… that is what you owe him.”
Tatiana agreed to Joseph’s pleas. For tonight, she would play the game. Her excuses for being led away would meld about her memory loss and head trauma, in much the same way Julian had explained it two moons prior. She would explain the presence of Corozon as an incredible soul, and now dear friend who had found her and helped her over the passing few weeks, so that she’d find her way home. Julian would thank Corozon with his deepest of gratitude. He cared not too much for the details, only that his divine love was safe, and at home. 
Then, as the night fall deep, and their eyes grow heavy with emotion; Tatiana would spend one last night within the arms of the man she truly did owe so much.



Questions, Answers
Some not wanted to hear
Fateful discoveries
Some you may just fear
Do I, Don’t I
Why’d this happen to me?
Acknowledge, Accept
Move forward, Be free


Chapter Twenty
REVELATION

Fear not the change you did not ask,
for it may just be the answer

Through the window, a stream of day’s bright blissful heart, kissed her cheek with its warmth. She stirred ever so lightly, and then…
Tatiana was running for the bathroom. Julian woke in a fright at the sound of his love being sick. This is ridiculous, thought Tatiana, I don’t understand this. Julian was then at her side as Tatiana collapse on the cobblestone floor, her back against the wall. Placing her hands above her stomach and head, she sent through the same healing energies. Within two bats of an eyelash, Tatiana was feeling herself again.
“My love, are you okay?” Julian pulled up on his knees in front. Even in moments of unwell, Tatiana’s smile was of a thousand angels. 
“Yes, I’m fine. I just haven’t been well the past four, five – oh, I don’t even know anymore,” her smile unwavering. 
Julian helped the love of his life to her feet. “I’m going to call Liam Kasler. He’s an old friend, and also my physician. He’ll do me a favor and make a house call.”
“Julian, I‘m fine, I promise. Look.” Tatiana skipped out of the bathroom, flopping back onto the bed. Mmm… the bed. I could so go back to sleep right now. Tatiana pulled herself up, and then back under the warm, cozy blanket. “Just let me sleep a little longer, please.” 
So unlike Tatiana to ever go back to sleep once she was awake, Julian walked over to the bed, kissing her on the forehead. “Sleep, my love. I’ll be back in a moment.” Julian then leaving the room as Tatiana almost instantaneously fell back into her world of dreams.

A nest with a single egg in it’s cushioning of feather and twigs. It cracked ever so slightly. The baby bird tries to tap its beak against the inside wall. It breaks a little more. Tatiana’s confused. She wants the bird free, and yet it is having so much trouble breaking free from its shell; the one place the little bird has come to call her home. If only she could help. But then the little bird stops trying. Tatiana watches. Nothing happens. And then, without a whimper, or a snap of her beak, she’s no longer in the shell; and instead of a small wee bird in a nest, there before her stands a grand and noble peacock. She’s within a field of snowdrop flowers and daffodils. White rose petals fall from the sky. 

Awaking from the same dream she’d dreamt three times now in the past two days, Tatiana felt the same feeling of brief enlightenment, before she was again overcome with the nausea. Julian had walked into the room to find her kneeling by the toilet for the second time that morning.  However, this time she was crying. Julian picked her up in his arms, placing her back into bed.
“I don’t understand. I don’t get sick – ever. And I’m so tired all the time. Why?”
Julian stroked the hair from about her face. “I don’t know baby. I wish I could tell you, or take on your feelings of ailing. I did however…”
Rat tat tat. There was a knock at their bedroom door.
“Come in,” Julian invited.
Tatiana slid further beneath the blankets. She didn’t want anyone to see her like this. Julian stood up from the bed. He walked over to the figure of a man Tatiana could just see from underneath the slip of the pillow she had thrown over her head. Julian shook his hand. “Good morning, Liam.”
“Hello, Julian. It’s been a while.”
“I think that’s a good thing. I’ve never been better,” Julian remarked. “Though it is not I that I asked you here for. It’s Tatiana.” Julian peered over at the bed. Liam nod.
Liam Kasler was a very well respected doctor within these parts. Against Tatiana’s will, Julian had decided to contact him. Stepping towards her, she stirred. Tatiana then pull herself up and out from the hiding of pillows and blankets.
“Good morning, Tatiana.” His voice was reassuring. “Julian tells me you’ve been unwell for a few days.”
Sitting up with her back against the head of the bed, she was looking and feeling much better already. She’d already soothed the sickly feelings, and released her worry. “I told Julian that I’m fine. I’ve had a few bouts of nausea, and just been a little tired – that’s all.”
“Well, seeing as I’m here. Do you mind if I do a quick examination? Just to ease Julian’s mind at the very least. He seemed quite distraught when he’d called earlier.”
Tatiana peered over Liam’s shoulder at Julian. She could see and feel his concern. She really had not wanted to do with the fuss, but went along with it for Julian’s sake.
She remembered all the basic testing from the time she’d been held up in the Hospital Vall d'Hebron in Barcelona. Eyes, ears, “Ahhhh”, her throat, a few deep breaths, reflexes, vital signs, and then upon asking Tatiana to lie flat upon her back, he felt about her upper and then lower abdominal region. As he pushed down lightly just above and to the left of her pubic area, Tatiana flinched. Liam said nothing, though she’d felt his wonderment.
“Do you mind if I just take a urine and blood sample.” Liam then asked. Tatiana shrugged her shoulders. “Not at all.”

~•*•~

Corozon and Joseph had been patiently waiting outside in the living area. Tatiana and Julian walked down the hallway. Dr. Liam Kasler strolled casually behind. At first glance, Corozon saw only feelings of contentment across all their faces, even though she could sense more. There was an underlying truth that would change all of their lives forever.
Tatiana lifted her head to look at Joseph. She then hold her gaze upon Corozon. “I’m pregnant.”
If Corozon’s heart could have stopped beating, it might well have in that very moment. “I’m sorry. Did I just hear you correctly?”
Tatiana’s look was one of indefinite feelings. Julian’s, however, was one of only sheer joy. He had been so overjoyed when they were given the news, that his grin very nearly occupied the full extent of his face.
“How is that possible?” Corozon only voicing the words that Tatiana had been screaming for the past fifteen minutes.
Tatiana bit down on her nail as she spoke to Corozon in mind. I don’t know how this happened. I didn’t even know it was possible. Never has a faerie been born of normal gestation. Corozon, I don’t know what to do!
Despite the fact that thy girls were anxious and unsure, it was more than obvious that Joseph held that same enthusiasm that Julian did. Especially as this is just as he’d seen. 

Bidding their farewells, Julian thanked Liam profusely. Tatiana then told Julian that she felt the need for a walk on the beach. He offered to go with her, the now mother of his child; but she graciously decline, asking that Corozon come with her instead.

~•*•~

They’d barely walked ten feet from the front gate when Tatiana fell to her knees in the sand, her hands holding her demanding mind. A torrent of tears swiftly stream from her eyes. “Corozon, I honestly don’t understand. This should not be possible. Somehow in the transformation process I was literally presented with human body in every sense. Why? Why now? All had just returned to as it was meant to be. Did you see his face? How happy he was? How do I go back with this being carried inside of me? How do I tell Lyric? How do I… what do I do?”
Corozon, for the first time ever, had nothing to say. She was still in shock. Together they sat in silence, neither speaking nor moving for the next few hours of deep reflective contemplation. 

Taking a deepened breath of love’s light, Tatiana then broke the silence. “I’m so sorry.”
“For what?” Corozon asked.
“To you, to Lyric, to Julian, to he or she that will one day be,” Tatiana rubbing her stomach. Corozon just shook her head slight.
“Why are you saying sorry to me silly? You have done nothing to me. The only person you should be concerned about right now is yourself.”
Tatiana processed her answer first before she spoke it out loud. “I’m sorry to thee whom shall soon be my every day pray. I’m sorry to Julian, for beneath all of this, he can never know the truth to who I am. I’m sorry to Lyric, for although my soul’s love belongs to him, I can now never give it in return, the way that I want. And… I’m sorry to you; but you must know that I could never have made this decision if I didn’t think you weren’t strong enough, or worthy of such a name.”
“What are you on about, Tatiana?” The first two apologies made some sense, though the last two made no sense at all.
Tatiana turned her body about in the sand to face Corozon. She placed both her hands upon Corozon’s knees. “I’m sorry for the following request.”
Corozon sat and listened very attentively.
“What I am to ask of you, I need you to know that I believe in you, that I think you have more potential than I if you concentrate enough of your center, your true being. I have seen the strength your powers can create. Your belief that you are not enough is but a mere doubtful fragment in your mind that you can overcome.”
The look on Corozon’s face then suddenly changing as she already understood what Tatiana was trying to say.
“My gorgeous, Corozon, my love, my soul’s other calling…” Tatiana leant forward, her forehead leaning against that of Corozon’s. She then tell her next words in no more than a sparrows murmur. “I need you to take my reign as queen. Not just for a moment in time, but an eternal moment of lifetime.”
Corozon snap back, quivering with the thought. “What the damnation are you saying?” She tried to jump to her feet, “You’ve lost it, Tatiana! Seriously you’ve lost it.”
Tatiana swiftly took hold of Corozon’s hand, pulling her back to her knees. “Please, Corozon. I have sat here and thought about every possible avenue I can take. My responsibility now lies not only in what is best for my people, but what is best for my child. I cannot deny him or her of its father. I have to stay here on Earth with Julian. I must sacrifice my own needs for that of this baby. I also thought of Edan’s last request. If I do not return, he may just follow through. He may just leave the realm at peace.”
Corozon was again to her feet, yelling at Tatiana whilst looking down upon her in anger – in fear. The flames of fire lit within her eyes. “Bullshit! You are being selfish! You are not sacrificing yourself Tatiana. You are sacrificing an entire realm of people who look to you for guidance. How can you even consider the words you’re saying? As for Edan – you’re doing it again, giving him the benefit of the doubt. Do you honestly think for one minute that he will keep to his word? A word he never actually gave in the first place!”
Tatiana wanted to fall in a heap of ash and salted tears, but she could not. She had to show strength – for Corozon. “Please. I need you now more than ever. Our entire realm needs you.”
“Exactly – OUR realm! Not mine, not yours – ours – theirs! You want me to calmly glide back into Eterna Fadas without you; tell the people of whom reside in that which has always been, your queendom, that their beloved queen is never to return again, and that they are to just accept me as their new empress. Really? Do you honestly think that they are going to accept this with no altercations? And be it true – I am not cut out for this for all eternity. You know that. I don’t know what I’m doing. I am bound to mess this up. I’m – not – you.” 
“My love. I fell down a few times, I failed to get it right every time, I forgot sometimes, I even found myself completely lost at one point in time. But do you know what I know? Through my every sunlit daytime, and my every star bound night… I was faultless, because of my flaws… all of the time. Promise me that you will be the best that you can be, not the best of what you believe I was.”
Corozon’s terror then turning to that of plea. “Please, Tat. Don’t do this.” Tears now falling of whitewater currents. “Please Tat… I need you.”
The deep truth of her pain, coming from those last words spoken. Corozon had barely dealt with the loss of her the first time; she could not go through the same pain again. Tatiana reassured her that she would always be here for her. In fact, she expected regular visits. “I need you, too.”

~•*•~

The morning had soon rolled into the dusk of thy evening stars. Julian had gone to bring Tatiana in, though Joseph implored that he leave the girls be. Joseph could only imagine the depth to which the conversations they were having held.
As the gate swung open, Tatiana and Corozon found Julian sitting on the steps of the terrace. His thoughts being struck with worry, of what they could possibly be speaking of for so long. He’d noted Tatiana’s initial reaction to the news of their expecting. He had fretted that she may not want to keep their blessing. 
Though, through hours of tears, and nervous tension, through confusion, and then finally an understanding; they had come to an answer through soul. All the while Tatiana continued to deal with the consistent attacks of nausea.
Now all that was left, was the need to have Julian understand of their following request.

~•*•~

Dinner was served. Tatiana was so hungry she could have devoured the entire pot of vegetable soup, and the two sticks of bread alongside it. Thankfully, Joseph had made an incredible dessert of apple and raspberry pie, topped with lashings of cinnamon sugar. He’d made it especially for Tatiana. It had become one of her favorite dishes over the past few months. She and Joseph often sat down to enjoy a piece together for afternoon tea, while they discussed the elements of the worlds beyond that of which they called home. Little did either of them known at the time, that there was such a deeper truth behind the conversations for that of Tatiana.
As the last mouthful was swallowed, and washed down with the last of their tea, Tatiana glanced at Corozon and nod. She then stood and took Julian’s hand, leading him to the lounge, while Corozon walked over to the large fireplace. With her back to its hearth, she threw a spark of light at its body of timber within. At once it rise of warm flame.
Julian caught what he thought he’d seen in the corner of his eye. “How did you just… you know what, if you are Tatiana’s friend than I don’t need to know. There is something beautifully different about you, just as there is with Tatiana. It was one of the reasons I fell so in love with her. Her uniqueness.” His eyes were full of so much love and admiration for her. How could she ever hurt him and deny him his right.

Tatiana and Corozon had come to an arrangement. It was less than five days until the next full moon, and it had been agreed that Tatiana would travel back to Eterna Fadas with Corozon to give the news herself. First and foremost, to Lyric. Crystabella and Malaika would be next. Then Tatiana would disclose what information she felt all others needed to know at thy Moon Clearing. This would also be the night in which Corozon would be officially made queen. With Tatiana’s blessing, in front of all, she would be given the rights to reign the realm of faerie. 

Not exactly a story they could very well relay to Julian. Thus, they had changed the details somewhat to save him from the mind’s tangled web of disbelief, confusion, and possible rejection of the situation at hand. 
All he needed to know was that Corozon needed Tatiana’s help with a family matter. She would be gone for no more than a few days, and that Corozon would be sure to return his love in perfect form.
As always, it was Joseph who would have Julian come to give his consent. Tatiana and Corozon would leave the following evening.



Time is priceless, 
enjoy every priceless piece.
Love without fear, 
and live without doubt.
Be it only love’s sight
that may birth beautified thought.
Know within 
that no matter your prior.
This is your mirthful right.


Chapter Twenty-One
BEGINNINGS

Never dismiss the ending, 
for it may be the dawn of your grand awake.

Lyric had been waiting when Tatiana and Corozon glided through the aperture. Tatiana had let him know of their impending return the night before through soulful dream. 
Seeing her again was like having a fantasy that he could never envision wrong. They’d held their love in secret for so long, though all had come to recognize that there was more than just friendship kept. Over the months that Tatiana had been missing, all were concerned, afraid, and saddened with their queen’s disappearance, but none so much as Corozon and Lyric. 
Embracing them both, Corozon’s eyes filled with the thoughts of what was to come, leaving then for Tatiana and Lyric to be on their own. Closing her eyes, Tatiana fell into Lyric’s arms at once, hoping that this one single moment would last forever, and that all of the past few days had been a dream all their own. Though it wasn’t, and now she had only three days before the next full moon was to fall upon their peaceful realm. However, this night, and all of the day to follow, would be devoted to Lyric, and Lyric alone. She would also not tell him of the news until the morning. She needed to be selfish this one time. She needed one last night of pure held love, of untouched beauty, with the man who had spent his eternal life loving her, and she he. Whether he’d been right by her side, or whether they’d been placed at a distance, he was always still near. It was never a love that needed to be explained, for it could not be. It was put simply, a calling of two souls predestined as one breath – a dance where every movement was mirrored, no question, no presumption. It was a love that would forevermore cry of name, and a love that could nevermore be matched. And for brief moments of that night, Tatiana would forget of her responsibilities; she would forget of the passing months, she would forget of all her future held. In those moments, she was within her home of homes.

~•*•~

As they sat by the river that coursed in front of his den, they listened to the early morning songs of Mother Earth. The winter snows had not fallen over the last few weeks, and with Tatiana’s return, further warmth had been brought back to her lands; spring had budded one month early. 
Tatiana placed her tea upon the fresh new grasses that were breaking through the last layers of snow. Turning to face Lyric, her look went from contented bliss to heartache and sorrow.
“Bub, what’s wrong?” It pained him to see her with saddened eyes.
“Lyric, you know that my love for you is an exploration of life’s hearted bloom. It began with the allure of hello, and it will end when the sun ceases to greet our days.”
He knew these words were of truth, though he could also hear the hesitation within her voice.
“You have been with me always. Though…” her voice now quiver. She knew of no way to breach the subject without it hurting. “I must leave Eterna Fadas and return to Earth...”
At first he thought she were referring to another quick visit, for her following words were so paused; but as the last two sounds of fracture left her lips, Lyric’s whole body tense, while his stomach twist in tightened cord. 
“… for good.” 
He then said not one word as Tatiana tell of all the details – of Edan, of Julian, and of her baby. He just stared in excruciating ache. Wake up! Wake up! This is not happening. I’m dreaming. That’s what this is – a dream. An insulting, treacherous, heart wrenching nightmare more like it; a nightmare in which he was never to wake.
It felt like an open wound was being torn through Lyric’s heart. His breaths sped deep and violent. His eyes stung with drops of liquid pain. Why is she telling me this? This can’t be true. She’s lying! His thoughts were so many as he suddenly find his feet, before fiercely taking to the skies. Thy birds of near were fleeing in fright to the grace of thy open airs. 
He was gone. 

Anger, confusion, betrayal, heartrending pain; like nothing he’d ever felt before. Tatiana called after him, though he was already too far to hear. Then he heard her. She’d infiltrated his mind. Please, Lyric. Please come back. This is hurting me as much as it is hurting you. Please. He could hear her burning ache, and as much as his ego’s fury did not want to see her, his soul would not relent.

Descending from above thy trees, Lyric found her still seated upon thy Mother’s body, just as he’d left her. She’d sat there in prayer to her divine, asking for strength and courage. She pleaded that Lyric find some small form of charmed comfort over the days ahead before she had to leave. As his feet come to land beside her, Tatiana’s tears now held in sight; Lyric knelt down and held her. He knew with all whom he was, that this was not her design. This was a path she could never have foreseen for herself. He felt her fear, her hurt, and her guilt; her own turbulent mind of all that was to come. How could he place further misery upon her? That was not his fair calling. 
In that moment he vowed to himself that he would never make her feel any less than the celestial being she’d always been – that she was. She would forever remain his truth, just as he knew, he would forever remain hers. Their futures were not of which either had hoped, but they were still their futures nonetheless. Life could bring them moments of desperate loss. Life could bring them depressions of unforgiving hurt. But in focusing upon each breath, in focusing upon life as a whole, they would still find their promise. They would still find an ignited glow.
Right here, and right now… this was theirs, and they would be sure to savor these every last moments within the purity of their souls constant truth – each other.

~•*•~

Corozon, Malaika, and Crystabella had enjoyed a blissful day on the Clearing, playing about and taking it easy with a handful of other faerie. But as the warmth of thy day grew into a slightly cooler late afternoon, they’d proceeded back to Corozon’s abode. It had not been too much later when both Tatiana and Lyric appeared upon her front doorstep.
Crystabella swung open the door, throwing herself at Tatiana. She was obviously more than happy to see her. Malaika greeted her with open arms also, while Corozon on the other hand just stood back, leaning against the wall.
“So I don’t get a grand hello from you, my dear Corozon?” Tatiana asked in cheek. The impertinent comedy between these two was one in which was all their own, though one in which made many smile alongside.
“Nah, you know me. That mushy stuff just ain’t my style.”
“Hmm… hmm...” Tatiana snorted back. “I know you.” She could tell there were a thousand questions ready to burst from within regarding Lyric, but she would have to wait.
“Crystabella, do you mind getting me some water, please?” 
While Crystabella pranced off, Tatiana needed to know if anything at all had been said. Corozon looked at her with impudent and questionable eyes. “Yeh, right. Do you really think she’d be bounding about if I had?”
Point taken. Malaika was already aware. Corozon had filled him in the night prior. His only concern at present was the welfare of his queen. He knew that Corozon still doubted herself at times, and only prayed that she not allow her preconceived ideas to alter her now destined state of mind. 

Tatiana couldn’t help but smile as Crystabella returned in full zest. It seems the time on her own had done her a world of good. Tatiana almost mistaken into thinking that her beautiful old Crysa was back; even though she knew there was still more healing to be done. It would take time, and she would ask Corozon to continue keeping a watchful eye over her once she’d left. She was worried that the news of her departure would possibly take her back a few steps. However, as it turned out, Crystabella actually took it well – almost too well. Yes, she was terribly hurt that she would not see her best friend, and tears were spilt in plenty. Though it didn’t take long for Crystabella’s sorrowful tears to turn into ones of joy. 
She spoke about how wonderful a queen Corozon was to be. This took Corozon completely by surprise. She then made comment about how she would stand at Corozon’s side; she would become her right hand, “Just like Kailen was yours,” she remarked. She then began rambling on about how exciting it must be for Tatiana to be embarking on a new adventure, and how beautiful it would be to have a baby. This particular part of the conversation, did not sit well with Lyric, who was already rising from his chair, and leaving the room. Corozon nudged at Malaika to follow.

~•*•~

“Man, are you okay?” Malaika asked as he stepped out into the cool night air, where Lyric had gone to be on his own.
“No, I’m not. But I can’t have Tatiana carry my burden on top of her own. She’s hurting so much as it is. She believes she’s doing the right thing, and I have to support her decision, no matter the consequences for myself.”
“Well, you’re a better man than me. I don’t know that I could be so understanding if I were in your shoes. But hey, I’m still reasonably new to this whole responsibility thing. Before Corozon, I was a reckless buffoon for a long time.”
Lyric raise his eyebrow, smirking at Malaika. “Ya think.”
“Yeh, yeh, ok. But that’s my past. It’s not who I am now, nor will it ever be again. Corozon’s love has reformed me. To live a life of truth, and have only love for myself and for all others around me, that’s what life is about. I know that now.” He paused. “But still… I take my hat off to you, well, if I was wearing one. Because like I said, you are a much bigger and better man than me. It’s no wonder a woman like Tatiana fell in love with you. Man… I reckon I could fall in love with you,” Malaika trying to lighten the moment.
Lyric shoved him as both men find themselves in laughter. “Thanks, Malaika. I think that’s the first time I’ve laughed in quite some time.”

Just then, Tatiana stepped out into the shadow of night. She walked over to Lyric, wrapping her arms around him from behind. “Hey, baby, I’m sorry about that. I had no idea that Crystabella was going to react in such a way. Let alone state some of the things she did.”
“It’s all good bub. How bout we get you back home? I know you’re tired.”
His words would not fool Tatiana. She knew his heart, for his heart was her own, and it hurt like hell.

Everyone said their goodbyes. Crystabella flew back southwest to her chateau, while Lyric escorted Tatiana to her own place of rest. Tatiana asked that he spend the night, though he had sadly declined. He needed time on his own. He was still trying to come to terms with it all. Not that he ever thought he would. Tatiana wouldn’t contest him her request either. She had no right to at this point in time.

~•*•~

The day to follow was a day completely dedicated to Corozon. They had spent it by Tranquillo Falls – where else! 
There were many secrets and lessons Corozon had to learn and understand. Some were easy to hear and grasp, while others she was not so welcomed to hear, as she grunt and groan at the responsibilities now held. Like the fact that she had to put so much time aside each day to connect with as many faeries as she could –from all about Eterna Fadas. Only through mindful meditation at first, though if she had felt any disharmony in any one of her people, “You’re people,” Tatiana fixed her words with a pleasing grin. If there had been any unusual tension or adversity in any part of their realm, she had to go there herself.
“Urgh… really?”
“Yes, really,” Tatiana smiled with the hearted belief that Corozon was going to be a grand queen. One in whom would become just as loved and endeared as she ever was, if not more.  

~•*•~

It was then the morning to follow. It was then the day of grand change. Tatiana’s eyes had barely opened, when the sound of what could have been twenty drums, even though it was only two, pounded through her bedroom door in the hands of Corozon and Crystabella. Tatiana placed the pillow over her head, before coming back out in cackles of laughter. The girls were singing the most foolish, no such tone song.
“You know you want to, you know you got to. We’re gonna wake ya, ya pretty mama.” Again and again the girls repeated the words to their little tune, beating the drums as they did.
“What in heaven’s name are you singing? Mind you, I don’t know if that’s what I’d call it.”
Putting the drums on the floor beside the bed, both Corozon and Crystabella jumped up, plunking themselves alongside Tatiana. 
“What yaa` doin, pretty mama.” Crystabella giggled. 
Tatiana replied with just as much a childish voice, “I’ma tryin` to sleep, little lady.” She quipped. “Seriously though, what are you two on? Whatever it is, I think I need some – Damn it!” Tatiana then jumped up out of bed, and ran to the bathroom.
“Wow. You guys weren’t kidding about you being so ill and all, Tat.” Crystabella alleged from the side of thy bathroom door. Tatiana had shut the door behind her. “Can I do anything to help, Tat?”
“Thanks, but I’ll be right shortly.” 
Walking out, she resumed position in her cozy bed. She sighed, “I am so over this. How long does this morning sickness thing last for? Though it has had me thinking. Why on earth would they call it morning sickness when it comes on at any and every hour of the day?”
Corozon, as always, couldn’t help herself. “Welllll… you know, seeing as I’m an expert and all. The timing of these things all has to do with the physical attributes of the body in which are not aligned with the solar plexus of the blood vessels to the left finger and the right big toe. Each of which really should remain perpendicular to the nerves of the spinal cord, and if at all possible must be placed at a right angle to the floor.” 
While she continued, Tatiana held up three fingers, mouthing the words, “Three, two, one.”
Corozon was then bent forward in ridiculous convulsions of laughter. Tatiana knew her all too well. Mind you, Tatiana and Crystabella were also rather amused with her absurd and foolish explanation.

As Corozon settle, Crystabella blurt out, “Come on, get up, get yourself dressed. We have a little surprise for you downstairs.” Crystabella was hopping about the room like a jackrabbit on the first day of spring. “Come on, come on!” 
Tatiana glimpsed over at Corozon, who just shrugged her shoulders and smirk. Crystabella’s energy was contagious, you could give her that, for Tatiana suddenly felt much more alive in that very minute than she had for days.
“Okay, okay, I’m up. Just let me have a shower, and I’ll be right down.”
Both girls then left the room to leave Tatiana to freshen up.  

~•*•~

Walking down the stairs in complete wonder, Tatiana was suddenly faced with a bountiful of bubbles. There were also flowers in pinks and blues, all floating about the room. Set up in the main foyer was a table covered in ferns. In the very center was an amazing three-tiered cake in pink, blue, and silver. On the very top tier were the words written in bold lettering, CONGRATULATIONS. Then all about the cake were Tatiana’s favorite breakfast treats of pastries and freshly baked honey delights. Malaika was there also.
“What’s all this about?” Tatiana cheerfully asked.
“Crystabella…” began Corozon, before being curtly interrupted by Crystabella herself, who held enough ecstatic energies for the lot of them. “I and Corozon thought it might be nice to turn a somewhat somber moment into a happy one.”
“What do you mean?” Tatiana’s intrigue was growing.
“Well,” Crystabella continue. “Whilst at home on my own yesterday, I was struck again with blissful thought. I understand that the news of your expecting little bundle of joy is more than any one of us could have ever imagined even be possible.” She take a deep breath. “But you are, and you will soon be… a mummy!” Crystabella squealed in glee at the sound of those words. “Tatiana. You are going to be a mummy! You have to admit, it is kind of exciting.”
Tatiana was silenced for the better word. Corozon then adding her two butterfly breaths worth. “She is right you know, Tat. Today isn’t just about goodbyes. Today is about new beginnings. Hey… I mean, I am becoming queen tonight.” Now those words most definitely brought a grand heartfelt smile to Tatiana’s face, while Corozon kept on with her little speech. “Tat. Has it not occurred to you that you are carrying the first ever born child of faerie decent? Our own births into this life are unknown. We appear, and then simply be. We know no more than as we are right now. But you… you hold within you, a being of divine blessing, of faerie heart, and blood like nothing that has ever been before.”
“Half faerie.” Tatiana corrected Corozon’s words.
“Sorry, Miss Perfect. Half faerie. It doesn’t matter. Call it what you will, this is still a miracle, and it should be celebrated. No more tears allowed today. We will have enough of that come tomorrow morning.”

She was right. Tatiana had been so lost in the hurt of leaving her people, her home, Corozon, and that of Lyric, that she had not thought of the beauty within the storm. This was no final page to a story. This was only the next chapter. 
Tatiana gazed with pride at Corozon. “You are ready – my queen.”

The entire morning was most definitely an occasion of incredible bliss. Well, except for the one thought of wounded heart. The one beautiful being of whom was missing – Lyric. When asked, Corozon told Tatiana that they’d gone to fetch him, but to no avail could they find him. 
The day he found out, he held such a strong front. She knew he feigned strong and understanding for Tatiana; not that he could have ever fooled her. She’d still felt his consistent strain to be near her, and his fever of brokenhearted ache. Her only hope now was that she would see him at the Moon Clearing later that day. He’d never missed any she’d held, and she hoped he would not start this night.



One chapter crowned
A finale` of dawn
Tears shed of longing
New tales to be drawn
A farewell of breaking
Goodbye in godspeed
Hearts bled in yearning
New chapters proceed


Chapter Twenty-Two
PARTING

One day you will find the Well in the Farewell

Just as the ethereal being she was, Tatiana stood upon the arbor, shoulders back, looking out at the abundance of fae who held their honor on the grounds of thy Clearing. She wore the purity of white: a layered tulle fabric skirt, together with a stunningly fitted corset of elegant embroidery. Blue Sapphires and Azurite crystals were placed all about the bodice. More of these powerful stones were linked within fine silver chaining. They hung gracefully from around her waist and hips. Her favorite piece of jewelry was a divine necklace made of Larimar, Moonstone, and Azurite. Her headdress of Diamond and Sapphire glittered in the last of the sun’s setting shimmer, and upon her finger held thy ring of Diamond and Sapphire rose. 
	
Tatiana was overcome with emotion. She watched on as Corozon graciously welcome their people. She looked as much the divine empress as she was very soon to become. Not the colors Tatiana could ever imagine herself wearing, but the oranges, reds, and black, that was Corozon’s own designed look of vitality. She was an impression of strength and protection. 
To help balance Corozon’s fiery power, now, and in the future; Tatiana had thought to place large stones of Lapis Lazuli, Turquoise, and pieces of incredible White Quartz, or as some refer to it, the Ice of Eternity, all about the base of thy arbor. 

“Hello, Queen Tatiana.” 
A beautiful, yet strong voice came from below. It was Ariana, one of Corozon’s long entrusted friends. Tatiana hadn’t really spoken with her since that first night of destruction, what now seemed like so long ago.
“Good afternoon, Ariana. How are you my sweet?”
“Excited actually,” she replied. “Corozon won’t tell me any more, but she has informed me that you have a big surprise for us tonight.”
“Oh, did she just.”
“Please don’t worry Tatiana. I won’t tell a soul.”
“I’m not worried my sweet.” 
Gliding down from the arbor, Tatiana then stood beside. “Ariana?” Her eyes were in waiting of what Tatiana was to say. “There are to come some big changes, a new era if you may. May I ask that you only hold beautified ideas upon all you hear tonight? Corozon is going to need all the support she can get.” Hearing Ariana’s thoughts, she answered. “And yes, my darling, she is fine. In fact, she is more than fine, and of more divine grace than she has ever been.”
Ariana knew not to ask anything further. She left it at that, embracing Tatiana for what was to become the last time she would possibly ever hold her queen.

The afternoon sun make its way behind the mountains, while the full moon held strong and resplendent in its place. In answer to Tatiana’s prayers, Lyric had shown. He stand beside her in pride and in strength. His heart may have felt like it were falling within a bottomless pit of sorrowed shards, but his true essence would never have allowed him to stay away. He had to be granted this one last union, before she left in the dawn of thy new day to come.
A very distinctive sound was then heard from above. It was the flight call of her entrusted and ever faithful, Qawwija. He landed upon the arbor beside her, nodding his head in greet. He then cried to the skies as Corozon too made her presence known upon thy sanctified floor.

~•*•~

Already placed within her resting, la Rosa da Prata was held by both Corozon and Tatiana. Together they cast thy Guardianship Charm. 

Bring unto thee
Endow this space
Appear a wall
Of love and grace
Adverse, dissenting
Removed, dispelled
Affirm pure love
Pure light upheld
Ni am tikah geehana
Xiarka ararm’d yushweena

Beams of light ascended from within the Moonstone core. Up and then out they sail, creating the dome of safeguard grand. 
Letting go of her hold, Tatiana stepped forth; she gazed out from the arbor in every direction. Her energies of trust, faith, patience, and respect, immediately felt within the core essence of her people. She greeted them then this one last time.
“My divine beings of all that is pure and good. Thank you for being here this night, and thank you for choosing to walk thou path of righteousness. Tonight, is a special night. It is not only a night of absolute consecration and peaceful respect, but it is a night of new beginnings. With each breath that you breathe, and each beat of your heart, may your spirits be awoken to the new possibilities, and may your soul be of love and of light.”
Already whispers could be heard. What does she mean? What is she talking about? 
“Before our night of harmonious regard begin, I have come home with news; news of thy past, thy present, and thy future. You are all aware of my months lost here in Eterna Fadas. The truth of where I was has been one of speculation, though it is that in which I reveal to you now.” 
All were astir with the thought of this knowing.
“My time lost was spent within the world of man. I was bound at the time to that of human stature, not knowing of who I was or where I had came. It was of a time in which changed the turn of fate for myself.” She paused trying to subside the feelings of nausea she’d begun to feel, yet again. “My loves, that in which you all are to me; know that I love you endearingly, and that my heart shall forever remain with you. My every life’s breath until that fearful night had been to love, protect, and lead you all into the purest of heart through each and every day that pass. However, be it now that my heart is also calling another – a child – a child of which has yet to be born. A child of who I carry within… me.”
All about the Clearing alarming gasps were heard; unsettling questions were spoken, alongside shackles of unnerving fear. 
“Please – please. I ask you all to calm.” Tatiana breathed deep and closed her eyes. She sent out undeniable feelings of calm and serene. “I know you all have questions, though I ask for each of your respect in being content with the information I give you now. How it is I am able to bear a child, when none has ever been conceived before within a faerie? It is beyond all my comprehension. But it is what it is, and I must believe there is a higher hand and a greater purpose within thy precious angel I hold. The other of this child is human – half faerie, half human, conceived during my time on Earth. It is with this man, the father of my child, in whom I will now carry out my life. Earth being where I shall reside.”
Again there came an uproar, of alarmed gasps, unsettled questions, and unnerving fear; and again she calmed them within one deepened breath. “My life here as queen has now come to an end. Though it is with great pride and complete faith, that she who takes my place shall be more than I ever was. She loves each of you with as much devotion and pure heart as I. Her strengths could prove to succumb even that of my own. She will be from this moment onwards… your queen.”
Corozon stepped forth. 
Corozon? Corozon? Corozon! You could hear every faerie question and exclaim.
“Corozon, thy now rightful queen.” Tatiana proclaimed.

Still the questions rose, and still the fear impended over their heads. One particular faerie yelled out above all other voices of utter and whisper. “How can this be? You are our rightful queen.” 
Corozon’s eyes fell to the floor. Tatiana heard her whisper beneath thy breath. “I knew they would not be accepting.”
Tatiana stepped back, taking hold of Corozon’s hands. “My love, they will, and they are. They’re just trying to wrap their head about the confusion they’ve been placed within. Give them time.”
Holding her hands still, Tatiana leant forward; she kissed Corozon on thy forehead with pure intent. Her kiss was founded of breathless storm, of golden heart, and soul’s every truth. 
Every eye on the Clearing was suddenly in awe of a spectacle that wound beneath colors of exquisite splendor. All were silent. For as thy queen’s lips touched, be she also invoke a spell – a spell of true perfection on both herself and that of Corozon. This enabled their bodies to become that of unseen, and their inner beauty, their true divine souls of light to be the only sight held. It was incredibly stunning, and unbelievably breathtaking. Before their divine eyes hold bright glittered shades of blue, red, violet, pink, green, yellow, orange, and white. Tatiana and Corozon had become one being in that heart-stopping moment. 
Tatiana’s lips then came undone. She let go of Corozon’s hands and stepped back; their former bodies returned in place. All about was still silent. Turning to cast her eyes upon all, Tatiana affirmed. “Do you now see that Corozon and I are one and the same? We are all one. What is important is that thy person who leads you into pure harmonious sanction, holds the most pure of heart, intent, and love for one’s self; alongside such a love and respect towards all of you. Thy person must be of great strength and character, determined and willing to live their life in the graces of your well-being. Thy person must be willing to sacrifice that of their own time, to be at your beckoning call. Someone who is willing to listen, to see the beauty found within the ripples. I ask you all to look beyond and within. Your own reflection will echo in not only all that you believe yourself to be, but it will also echo in hers. If she can sense anything that does not align with the good for your own self and that of all our people, she will be there for you, no questions asked.”
Most had calmed and were willing to accept. Only a mere few still clutch within the denial, concern, and unease. Tatiana focused her attentions upon them. “Do not deny the beauty that may be seen behind the shadows.”
Within those words, the tensions eased, as she watched one by one come to an understanding within their own selves to the situation at hand. They would respect Tatiana’s wishes, and they would pledge their love and allegiance to their queen, Corozon.

The remainder of thy night was just as it should have been. Love, light and peace felt within each and every soul upon the sanctuary.
Tatiana found herself in blessed vision of Kailen whilst in deep meditative state. It was a beautiful union. They had sat upon a ledge by the Empyrean Staircase. They were overlooking the exquisite allure of thy lush green hillsides that fall all about Feather Vale and its surrounding lands. Splashes of vibrant color flowed in and out of Mother Earth’s natural elements. 
“You’ve done well,” Kailen comment.
“Did you ever doubt me?” Tatiana asked with a smile.
“Well…”
“Hey,” Tatiana nipped him on the ear. She then take his hand upon his knee. “Thank you, Kailen.”
“What for? I didn’t do a thing. It was all you.”
“No, it wasn’t. It was you. You were the first voice that I heard the day I awake within the hospital. It was you who placed the blue roses about Julian’s home in the hope that it would trigger a memory. It was you whose voice reassured me, and guided me throughout my months of not knowing. And Lyric told me, that it was you who led his feet to my doorstep in Naples.”
Kailen beamed of gratitude. “I only did what I could. I would never give up on you Tatiana. I am always with you. I’m your right hand man after all.” 
“That you are. I love you.”
Tatiana could feel an ambush of tears wanting to escape, though Kailen would have none of it as he jokingly remarked. “Hey, I’m thinking I deserve another kiss, and…”

Her vision then abruptly put to an end as she was pulled from out of deep connection. Corozon had bent forward, kissing Tatiana on the forehead. “Hey you in there. I thought we’d lost you, you were so far gone.”
All about were loud blissful cheers. The morning sun’s luster had already pierced through the divides of thy distant mountains.
“Hop up,” Corozon pulling Tatiana to her feet. “This is for you. They’re applauding and praising your life. They are grateful beyond words for you. I – am grateful beyond words for you.”
That ambush of love filled tears that Kailen had tried to hold back, weren’t going to hold any longer. She would miss this. She would miss them. She would miss every element of this ethereal world. Thy birds, thy breezes, thy animals. Her mother’s every fine detail of sublime beauty. Her friends of plenty. The magic. Corozon. Lyric.
She knew that a new and grand life was awaiting her; another divine and beautiful existence it was to be. But nothing would ever compare to her life here. This was beyond what any within the world she was soon to be a part of, could even imagine. 
As all goodbyes were said, and many tears were fallen; it was then time to go.

~•*•~

Crystabella was the first to say her farewells by the river’s edge. 
“I know I’ve done my best to stay of good spirits Tatiana, but this is really hard. I can’t imagine it here without you. You’ve helped me through so much. You brought me out of my darkness, and back into the light. Your words forever carried within me. You – forever held here.” Crystabella’s hand placed across her heart, no further words needed, their sprains of weep said all that needed to be heard. Tatiana took hold of her beautiful Crysa in a firm embrace, expelling a light of love and courage through her divine soul and mind of whole. She then drifted into the tearful breaths of thy forest.

Then it was Corozon’s turn.
“Yeh, ahh… I don’t really think I want to do this.”
“Get that sexy ass of yours over here, Corozon,” Tatiana demanded.
She whispered into Corozon’s ear, “I expect you come across and see me whenever you can. You now carry what you need in order to do so.”
Corozon nodded within the contours of Tatiana’s neck. Then grasping at her face, Corozon ordered. “Now you take care of yourself, and that baby of mine.”
“Your baby?”
“Ahh, yeh! Aunty Corozon be my name.”  
“Damn I love you girl.” Tatiana’s tears softening, while a glint of smile find shine from her face of refined charm. 

Lyric stood against the narrow stem of a river tree. He had no desire to move. Corozon slapped him across the arm as she departed.
“Really. What was that for?”
“Just felt like it,” was her response from within the tree canopy she’d ascended to.
Lyric rolled his eyes. “You grant, that, your place as queen.”
Tatiana’s smile was slight. She gently stepped from one rock and then another, her feet landing upon the sandy soils near where he stand.
“Can you keep an eye on her for me? I know there is no better than she, but she still does allow those unwanted thoughts to pop into her head once in a blue moon.”
“I will,” he promised.
Lyric placed his hands about the sides of Tatiana’s shoulders. His eyes were drawn of grief and torture, his mind screamed for her not to go, while his soul yearned for her heavenly touch. He pulled her in so as her head rested upon his chest. She could hear his beating heart that had forever beat in perfect timing to her own.
“Tat, I can’t do this. I don’t want to let you go. When it was thought you were lost and that we may never find you… I refused to hear it. It didn’t matter what anyone said, I knew you would once again be in my arms. Corozon had nightmares, while I was left with dreams of having you in my embrace. Every morning I then awoke to another broken heart, for I’d realize that my find of you was only in dream. However, what it did give me was further confirmation to what I knew I had to do. Though it wasn’t until we’d gone to see Faro, that my every question on how I was going to go about doing it was answered. Then I find you, only to have you ripped from my arms once more. This time to another man of another world.”
“Please don’t Lyric.” Tatiana pulled back and pleaded. “You know my reasoning, and you know the ache throbs within my every cell also.”
“I know, and I respect you for making such a hard decision. I understand you’re doing what you believe is best for you, for your people and – for your child. But Tat, I’m not going to lie to you either. This hurts like hell. The pain I feel in here, in the pit of my stomach, in the deepest depths of my heart… this is pain that should have never been felt. This wasn’t my path. You, here, with me – that was my path. Forever we’d held our love a secret, going months without seeing one another at times; and with our own lives to lead, we were content in the thought of those brief moments we knew we could always look forward to. But now… there are no more moments to look forward to – ever. You begin your new, exciting life, while I’m left here on my own. No one could ever love you the way I do. You are the cherished gem of my heart that shall never be removed. Instead, it will reside now in solitary abandonment.”
Tatiana dared not interrupt. She allowed him this time to speak his hurt. He needed this. She prayed that time would heal – not just his, but hers also. However, for the time being, the pain was to be felt, and his moments of anger would keep their hold. Eventually, the brief moments would be replaced with the love and light that he was. Though until then, he would deal with the aching as he must. 

Placing one hand upon the side of his forehead, Tatiana filled his mind with beautiful thought. An eternity of memories past, of times they’d shared. Picnics beneath a sunset, Lyric playing his guitar, singing the songs he’d written just for her. Their silly coy play, their bodies entwined as one – in his den, on the beach.
Lyric’s anger subsided as tears of perfected memory replaced the fury burn. Their souls conjoined, their lips held in passionate and amiable clasp, melding as one for this very last time.

As Tatiana disappeared into her new world, her new life beyond all she’d ever held so dear; Lyric collapsed in a heap on the ground. Feelings of eternal loss filled every ounce of his being. Feelings that would close his heart for many years to come.



Within a single sight
The hark of that first ever cry
Your breath then deemed in lost
Amidst their angel’s eye
A boundless love beheld
None shall ever come so near
They clasp their wee little fingers
And all become so clear
Thee who lay in thy arms
Be thee who you were made
A love steered of thy heaven
The truest form of love conveyed


Chapter Twenty-Three
EXISTENCE

A mother’s love is of angelic form. She is the most pure of thought, 
the most heartfelt of hugs. She is the healing of all that we hurt, 
and the dance of the light in her children's eyes.

The duration of Tatiana’s pregnancy had come and gone. Her relationship with Julian was always growing of more depth. His love for her was undeniably strong.  
Corozon had been sure to visit at least once a month, enjoying dinners in some of the finest restaurants, swimming in the oceans waters, attending birthing classes – Julian was often off working for days, sometimes weeks at a time. Joseph had come to learn more of Eterna Fadas, and had also come to see Corozon as a daughter figure, just as he saw Tatiana.

It was November the 11th. 
The last few months had brought with them several heavy storms. Tatiana had not interfered with Mother Nature’s calling. In fact, she’d tried not using her powers at all since arriving back into Julian’s arms. She was human now, and would behave as just that. Corozon thought this ludicrous. Tatiana reassured her that although she were never intentionally using her energies, they were still of as much strength, if not more. 
She’d come to notice that once the initial morning sickness ceased, her energies had begun to change. They had in fact become rather erratic. Simple things, like going to pick up a glass from the kitchen table had become disastrous sometimes. She would only have to think to pick it up, and it would soar across the table at her – her reflexes thankfully intact. There had been moments where she’d craved a particular food, and before she knew it, Joseph was in the kitchen making it… or the doorbell would ring, and the delivery man would be standing there with just as she’d desired. Not that she had even consciously called for these things to be. A simple walk along the beach would sometimes become an incredible conversation of every animal near. They would all fight for her attention. 
With no idea to what was happening, she was sure to meditate every morning and night, trying to find reasons, even though no answers were ever told. She only received visions of which were not even her own, but that of her child’s within. From about the sixth week onward, she was able to tune into her baby’s heartbeat. It was the most beautiful sound in existence. She knew many things she should not have known about her baby, but her and Corozon had loved that they were able to communicate with her unborn child in more ways than one. The one thing Tatiana held firm to; was that she did not want to know the sex. Corozon couldn’t help it, she had to know, but swore she wouldn’t tell another soul.

~•*•~

It was late afternoon and Tatiana suddenly felt a terrible pain in her lower abdomen. Her lower back had already begun to feel of a dull ache early in the morning. It had been then that she knew it was time.
As soon as the pain in her lower back began, she immediately connected with Corozon. The only words Corozon heard whilst she sit eating breakfast with Malaika… ‘It’s time.’ Corozon could not move fast enough as she quickly kissed him on the lips. As always she asked him to call for her if she was needed for anything, though she did add before flying out the door, “But please make sure it’s for something important. I’m goin` to birth me a baby!” 

Corozon had become so excited over the passing months. Sometimes Tatiana believed she was more excited than she. Corozon made it in the doors and at Tatiana’s side, well before Dr. Liam Kasler or the mid wife were even called.
It had been Tatiana’s choice to have a home birth. “No hospitals!” she affirmed to Julian several times. She’d also promised herself that she would have as natural a birth as possible. She wouldn’t use healing or calming energies of any kind. She would breathe her way through each contraction like any woman would. Not that those words held for very long, once it really got in full swing. 

“Corozon!” Tatiana was pulling down on Corozon’s top, heavy breaths, and a voice as deep and burly as a brown bear’s growl. Corozon had only watched on with fear to this point. She’d held her hand, for always wanting to help; but Tatiana had made her promise that she would not use magic. 
“Corozon!” Her voice still low and demanding.
“What, Tat. What do you want me to do?”
“Fix it. Make the torturous pain go away!” Tatiana screamed.
“But you made me prom…”
“I don’t care what I did or didn’t do. Just make it go away!” Fearful threat in every one of Tatiana’s words.
At once, Corozon begin sending soothing energies through Tatiana’s existence. She was immediately brought to a calmer and less painful place.
“Bugger this,” Tatiana exclaimed. “There is no way I am going to finish this without some deep breaths of love and light. When that pain hit, nothing made any sense. I didn’t know what I wanted, what I didn’t want. I wanted to soothe my own self but couldn’t put two reasonable thoughts together to even get that far.” 

Liam, the midwife, Joseph, and Corozon; they were with Tatiana every step of the way. Julian on the other hand, had still not arrived home by the time the midwife told her it was time to push. 
Tatiana still experiencing minor pain as her baby made its final stretch out into the world – but it was bearable. 
The midwife had taken her baby to do a general check that all was fine. And then… she heard it. Tatiana heard the first cry. She felt her heart melt away in that very moment. Never had she heard a more angelic sound. The midwife then wrapped her newborn into a muslin wrap, placing the precious angel into Tatiana’s arms. 
The midwife announced. “It’s a boy. Say hello to your new son.”
Tatiana gazed upon the dream she held within her arms. She’d never imagined a love of such purity, innocence, and untouched by anyone other than herself. This was her little boy. This was her flesh and blood. This single experience became then her most defining, her most incredibly beautiful and breathtaking to date. “Hello, my little man.” His tiny fingers wrapped tightly around her pinky.
“What will you name him?” The midwife asked. 
Tatiana gazed up at Corozon. They’d come up with names the week prior. Corozon smiled as Tatiana looked back down upon her son.
“Tiernan Ryan. A lordly name, for a little king.” 

Tiernan Ryan was born on November the 11th at 11:11pm.

~•*•~

Julian swing open the front door, ran down the hall, and in through the bedroom door at an unbelievable speed. Then he stopped. His eyes fell upon the woman of his heart, alongside the beautiful creation they had made. As Tatiana’s eyes met his, she declared, “Hi Daddy. Come meet your son.” 
Julian wept of pride and joy. He sat upon the bed beside her. “I’m sorry I wasn’t here, my love.”
“It’s okay. You’re here now, and our son is the most gorgeous, graceful angel, we could have ever been blessed to hold.”

~•*•~

It was half an hour past midnight, and all were tired. Corozon and Liam had left them to enjoy their first night together as a family. The midwife had stayed only long enough to make sure Tatiana was settling into her new role as expected.

Once arriving home, Corozon showered. She then fall straight to sleep in Malaika’s arms. But just as thy morning find light, there was a plentiful of knocks at thy front door. It was a congregation of faerie, all offering gifts for thy new fated addition. 
“What did she have?”
“How is she feeling?” 
Questions crowded everyone’s voices. In that moment, Malaika peered out from behind the kitchen door. Corozon felt his eyes upon her back. “Malaika! What did you do?”
He stepped out to where she stand. “Um… your enthusiasm rubbed off on me.”
“Did it just?” 
“I only told a few in passing yesterday afternoon, over a game of grass blades.” Malaika was quick to try and defend himself.
“You know how swiftly word travels about this realm, baby.” She smiled. How could she be upset at him for the early morning rise? How could she deny them the thousand and one questions of enthusiastic wonder? It was exciting. It was beautiful beyond all words, and she was more than happy to answer all they ask.

~•*•~

The first year of Tiernan’s life went way too fast. Every visit Corozon made, she swore he’d grown another inch. Tiernan’s first birthday celebration was a grand affair. Gifts of too many were sent – many from the ethereal realm of Eterna Fadas. 
“Corozon’s home town.” Tatiana would respond to where all the presents of earthly made materials came from. Julian asked if she ever had any desire to visit them, as none had ever come to visit her. Tatiana always finding some excuse as to why she couldn’t go.

~•*•~

One year and three months later, in the fall of a new year, Tatiana gave birth a second time. This time to twins – two beautiful little girls named Alyssa and Serenity. Julian was sure to be there this time. Corozon was there also. She wouldn’t miss these moments for the world.

The years slipped by, one year, and then the next. The years seemed more like days to Tatiana. She was eternal after all. She’d lived hundreds of one single human beings lifetime, which was something that wore at her mind often. Her children were growing up much too quickly for her liking.

“Was it not only yesterday that I gave birth to them?” Tatiana asked Corozon as they sat upon the beach watching her now 16 year old son and 14 year old daughters surfing the waves in front of their home. The girls were jumping into the waters to play with the dolphins every now and again. 
From a very early age, Tatiana and Corozon had noticed that Tiernan, Alyssa, and Serenity had begun communicating with spiritual beings, and animals. They neither encouraged it nor had they denied them the pleasures of it. Though they did have to sit down with them once they were old enough, to have them understand that these abilities were somewhat out of the norm for most human beings. They were to keep their gifts a secret, out of respect for themselves, and for that of those they communicated with. Tatiana had taught her children the beauty and grace of meditation. She taught them what it meant to truly be one with one’s self. They had also grown up with a deep founded connection to Mother Earth, always wanting to be out and about, hiking through mountains, surfing the ocean’s currents; paddling down any and every creek and riverbed they come across. 
Thankfully, thy full moon’s frequencies were never an issue for any of her children. Whether it be because they were half mortal, or because Tatiana had simply never taken any chances, she never knew. Full moon mediations were a family affair. They would sit on the beach, centering themselves, becoming one with Mother Earth. Julian even joined them whenever he was in town.

Over the years, Julian became accustomed to the unusual happenings, and sometimes unbelievable circumstances that arise before his very eyes. At one point, Julian actually asked Tatiana if she and Corozon were gypsies, aliens, or possibly witches. Tatiana found his reasoning’s to be hilariously absurd. Julian’s love so strong for her that he dared not ever push too hard for answers. 
Another question Julian sometimes ponder; is how both women held their ages so beautifully. Being that of fae, Tatiana had not aged one minute since their first ever meeting. She looked just as much of thy perfection as she ever did. Other people sometimes talked also. They believed she must have undergone surgery of some kind to remain looking so young and supple. And well… she would never argue with anyone on this topic, leaving them to believe what they had to in order to accept it within their own minds. Though she had to admit, she knew there would come a time where she would have to do something about this situation. She couldn’t stay young forever. 

Because of Julian’s worldly travels needed for business, Tatiana, Tiernan, Alyssa, and Serenity would often go with. This allowed them to further their love for all of Mother Earth’s beauty.

~•*•~

Life for Tatiana on Earth may have been one of everyday bliss and peaceful nights, though life within the realm of faerie had become a little bit different. 
Corozon’s powers had most definitely grown, and become of great strength. She had mastered her own rebirthed self as thy phoenix of powerful virtue. She had also learnt how to govern the demeaning mind torments. They were now very few and far between. When they did appear, she simply harnessed their warped frame, surrendering their forces back to where they came. However, even with powers of indisputable strength, Corozon still did not attain full sight within. She could never quite feel out her energies to every corner of the realm, to check on her people, to be consistently sure that all was well upon their lands.
Edan knew this, and he’d found a darkened space within her sight. His place of rest, and his powers increased potential, was hidden deep within the undergrounds of thy Redwoods Victor. As its name suggests, the trees of this land are mostly of redwoods; some of these trees growing well above the height of sixty faeries. It was there he built his own dominion of dark and dreaded mind, just like that of his own deluded, demonic thought. His powers were swelling within each passing year. 
He’d gained possession to massive amounts of Bloodstone and Sulphur; most of which he’d found in the precincts of his underground lair. He’d also found that by reversing the effects of the Bloodstones properties, he was able to focus its energy into dark and not light. It’s grounding of excess energy turned into a power that enabled him to enhance his energies of intemperance. More. He wanted more. 
He’d created a pit of toxic Sulphur, and had changed the relative effects of its power too. It now held a spell of absorption. When a faerie was thrown in his well of noxious fumes, the stones would absorb any contented and exultant feeling from within. This then leaving them with only destructive, discouraging, and undesirable emotions that they could never shake. 
Over the years, within nights of full moon, Edan would venture out into the lands, seizing any faerie of whom employed any such unstable energy. He would coerce them into his lair. He would have their every beautiful notion of love and light extinguished.

Now this had not gone unnoticed, and Corozon had often gone out in search with Malaika. Though she could never find them, nor had she heard from Edan since their last meeting. The one in which took place the day after Tatiana said her goodbyes.
He’d confronted her about Tatiana’s departure. He had agreed that he would leave the tranquility of Feather Vale, and promise to never come back. He also agreed that he would cause no further conflict within any part of her blissful realm, provided that Tatiana never return. Corozon swore to him that Tatiana had made it very clear that she was never to cross into these lands again. 
Now for the most part, he had kept to his word. He’d not bothered her, or the people of Feather Vale; nor had she heard or picked up on any major violent or infernal energy’s about Eterna Fadas. What her soul struggled to rest with, however, was the truth. She knew in her heart that the odd disappearances of her people… they laid within the hands of thy devil himself.

Tatiana’s life was of such purified bliss, that Corozon never dared disturb it. Therefore, she refused to tell Tatiana about the unfortunate happenings – against Malaika’s wishes, mind you; and instead she chose to deal with the obstructions on her own. She was determined to find the answers. She was determined to be all that Tatiana had envisioned her to be. 



Love thee within the eyes of thy mirror, 
the reflection of your truth within. 
There is only one you, 
and you must spend your days 
within the clasps of your echoed impression.   


Chapter Twenty-Four
FATE

Do not absence the signs. 
Your truth was revealed to you long before you even realized.

It was November the 11th. Today was Tiernan’s 18th birthday. Tatiana, Joseph, and Corozon had gone well overboard when organizing the evening celebrations. Julian helped out as much as he could, though Tatiana reassured him that she had it all under control. She knew this was a busy time of the year for him at work. 
Tatiana hired the use of an open park that sat across from the beach. It was a twenty-minute drive from their home. A grand white marquee was erected. Inside and out was embellished with fairy lights aplenty. Tables framed of silver cloth and deep blue fabric. The centerpieces were of forest green leaves, and three tiered candles, while the chairs held of white and embroidered blue. A beautifully laid timber flooring was positioned in the very middle, while lasers threw shards of colored light in sequence form. Corozon asked if she could add just a wee little magic. At first Tatiana had said no, but Corozon put her foot down in the end. Tatiana had no say. She’d reasoned with the laser lights as her leverage. “It’s amazing what technology can do these days. They’ll all just see it as part of the lighted illusion. Which in many regards, is just what it is.” Corozon then casting small energy firework displays to burst in mid air all about. 

By 5pm people had started to arrive. Most were friends of Tiernan’s, Alyssa or Serenity’s. Work colleagues of Julian’s had thought to make an appearance, alongside several people from the surrounding neighborhood. All wanted to be part of this monumental occasion. The Ramirez family was, after all, very well respected and renowned in theses parts. Over the years, Tatiana had become a solid member of the community, always being part of many charitable events, volunteering her time within some well worthy causes. Her three angels were also often part of thy affairs. 
When Julian first walked in, he could not believe his eyes. It was amazing what these women could do within one afternoon. All other guest’s eyes had been just as big when they’d too walked through that front entrance. The fireworks were a big hit. Corozon elbowed Tatiana in the side. “See, I told you.”

It was coming on half past the hour of six; Tatiana could feel her son approaching. She hushed all within the confinements of the tented canvas, and then went to stand outside. Tiernan pulled up in his brand new silver Alpha Romeo. His father had bought it for him as an 18th birthday gift. Seated upon the passenger side was his girlfriend, Francesca. Tiernan had started dating her a little less than a year prior. Tatiana herself had fallen in love with her. She was bright, beautiful, and it had been that her own father was a brilliant world-renowned medium; so she fitted into their unique little family quite well. Francesca had lost her own mother when she was only eight. She very quickly came to look upon Tatiana much like that of her own. 
As Tiernan stepped from the car, Tatiana held her breath. She was doing her best to keep back the tears. Corozon would strangle her if she ruined her make-up. 

Tiernan was dressed in a dark gray suit, rolled up at the sleeves, the top three buttons of his dress shirt undone. His look was effortless, yet smart. He’d grown into the most handsome young man. He was polite, well mannered, grounded, and yet quirky. Though with Corozon as an aunt, it was no wonder. He was athletic and strong, yet one of the most compassionate, loving souls you could meet. As they put it, every young man wanted to be him, and every young lady wanted to be with him. His darling Francesca had become accustomed to the legion of girls always fighting for his attention. Not that she had ever worried. She was strong and independent, and Tiernan was as faithful as they came.
“Hi, mum.”
A single tear fall just below the crest of her eye. Tiernan wipe it away. “Mum, you promised you wouldn’t cry.”
“I know, I know. From now I promise.” Tatiana smirked.
The relationship and bond between these two was beautiful. Tiernan looked up to his mother just as he looked up to a starlit night. She was his hero. Even at the age he was now, he still felt this way. He’d also become an avid writer and poet like his mum. However, he couldn’t always get into reading the fictional books like his mum. He preferred factual books, anything that taught him more about the world and her grace’s elements. Tatiana kept him knowledgeable on all of thy spiritual essence. 
Hooking his arm with his mother’s, Francesca on the other, Tiernan smiled, “My two favorite girls. Could a man get any happier?”

~•*•~

Pulling back the curtain of thy marquee, a loud applause scream, some banter and wolf whistles also piercing the uproar. Corozon quickly threw a few bigger explosions of colored energy into the air. Tatiana peered over at her while Corozon just shrugged her shoulders in cheek, What?
The DJ then hit the tunes, and all begin to sing.

Happy Birthday to you
Happy Birthday to you
Happy Birthday, dear Tiernan
Happy Birthday to you.

Julian followed in shout, “Hip hip.” All bellowed, “Hooray.” “Hip hip.” “Hooray” “Hip hip” “Hooray.” Another outburst of cheering and applaud then served.
Tatiana then walked Tiernan to the center of flooring where a single table stand, and an enormous cake was on show. Corozon had become quite a little baker over the years. She’d made every single one of the birthday cakes for all three of Tatiana’s children. Corozon, Julian, Alyssa, and Serenity were all standing near. 
Julian was the first to step forth and hug Tiernan. “Happy birthday, my son. I am so proud of you.”
Corozon then threw her arms around him, ruffling up his hair.
“Aunt Corozon.” Tiernan glared at Corozon with eyes of mischief as he then picked her up and swung her around. He adored her. Putting her down he thanked her. “Thanks, Aunt C.”
“What for?”
“For the amazing cake. For just being you, and for always being there for mum.”
“Oh, stop it. You’re gonna make me cry.” Corozon despised crying in public.
Serenity and Alyssa were next to jump on board, giving their brother an enormous squeeze. He hugged them back with such tender devotion. He loved them so much. The girls then moved to the side as all others gave their best wishes. 
Standing beside their mum, Tatiana wrapped her loving arms around each of her girl’s waists as she sulked, “My babies are all grown up.”

Serenity and Alyssa were going to be coming up sixteen in a few months. They too had grown into fine, elegant young women. They had their father’s blue eyes and dark hair, alongside their mother’s lean body, long fingers, and delicate features. 
Serenity had Tatiana’s boldness. She was strong and fearless, a little boisterous at times, though a quiet soul for the most. She was happy in her own space, but always the first to put her hand up when Tatiana had asked if any wanted to join her on an errand of some sort. Alyssa, on the other hand was never quiet; always expressing her opinions, sometimes becoming a little misunderstood. She loved a challenge, especially when it came to one of the arts. Her openness and daring nature would sometimes find her in a tither of trouble.
Both of Tatiana’s girls had her passionate and giving heart, together with her desire for a better world.

~•*•~

Dinner was served, as was the delectable cake. Francesca had eventually coerced Tiernan up onto the dance floor. Alyssa and Serenity had been there every minute of the night.
As the hours passed, guests were beginning to say their farewells, wishing Tiernan a lifetime of dreams, while Tatiana was keeping an eye on the time. It was coming on the hour of Tiernan’s birth. 
Tatiana had made it a point every year upon his birthday, to be right by his side, just him and her, upon the 11th minute of the 11th hour. This was her minute to relish in the moment of his coming into this world.
They decided to take a brisk walk along the beach, kicking their feet within the ocean’s tide, being sure not to stroll too far from the party. Tatiana was bringing up a few memories of past moments that had seen them be placed in positions of hilarity. However, out of nowhere, Tiernan went from enjoying a few good laughs with his mum, to suddenly feeling incredibly disorientated. His head was pounding. Tatiana placed her hands about his forehead, trying to dispel the pain. She was immediately overwhelmed with feelings of electrical charge, and then visions of blinding light. Something was happening, though she wasn’t sure whether to be scared or calm. The light brought no dark or harmful energies with it, but this was her son. Her fear arose for him.

It was 11:11pm, the exact moment, 18 years prior that Tiernan was born. His body was turning into an illuminated translucent vessel of glistening indigo and silver sparks. Its strength became arresting as it explode from within. It hold for a fleeting moment in time. Then, as the light slowly faded about him, he was again standing before his mother, just as he had always been, though somehow feeling incredibly different within. He watched as the last of the light fade from his fingertips. Tatiana just stood there, unable to speak. Tiernan then grabbed her by the shoulders trying to snap her out of what looked like a trance. “Mum, what’s wrong? Are you okay?”
Tatiana’s eyes blinked, and then again, and then again. 
Corozon! Tatiana screamed in mind. Her frantic voice heard immediately by Corozon, who had been dancing with Alyssa and Serenity. She quickly excused herself, running out the front entrance. She looked left, and then right.
“Oh shit!” the only words she expressed.

“Mum, why did you just call for Aunt Corozon?” Tiernan was beyond confused. “Hold on. You called for her? No you didn’t, you didn’t even open your mouth. I’m losing it. Mum, what’s going on? What just happened? What the hell were those lights?”
Tatiana still said nothing. She had not seen this coming. Sure, she knew that her kids had some of the same gifts. I mean; they’d been brought up believing that Mother Earth, animals, and humans were all one, connected through soul. That’s how she’d explained it to them when the first ever conversation stood about their abilities in communicating with animals. But this! She had not in a million years even contemplated it. Though as she stood there, she began to wonder why she’d not thought about it. Tiernan was growing impatient and confused as he listened inattentively to Tatiana’s thoughts.
“Mum. Talk to me. What’s going on? What was that?”
Corozon then soared up from behind, her eyes gazing straight into Tatiana’s. She hadn’t been able to take her eyes off Tiernan up until then. Tat, what happened? He’s beautiful! Corozon asked in thought, thinking that Tiernan couldn’t hear her. 
Tatiana looked at Corozon. “He can hear you,” she said with very little expression.
“Yeh, I can hear you. How come I can hear you? What are the two of you on about? I’m beautiful… what does that mean? Mum! Aunt C! Come on, someone tell me something.” 
“He doesn’t know?” Corozon exclaimed. “We have to get him out of here.”
“I don’t know what? Why do you have to get me out of here?” Tiernan was becoming agitated, which was showing. Tatiana went to grab his arm, lead him up the beach, and back home, away from viewing eyes.
“Mum. Don’t! Tell me what’s going on. What don’t I know?”
Tatiana looked at him with a complete mix of emotions. “Baby, I promise I will explain all as soon as I can.”
“Mum, please. Now.” His plea was of such sincere concern. She knew she had to say something. Tatiana looked back at the waters of the ocean. “How about I just show you.” 
Tatiana then clasped his hand in hers while slowly taking the few steps back to the water’s edge, the waves gently caressing their feet. “Kneel down, and look at your reflection in the waters.”
“Mum, it’s the shoreline of the ocean, it’s not still like that of a lake. There is no reflection.”
Tatiana simpered, “Just indulge me, and do as your mother asks.”
Tiernan gazed within the water’s surface. Tatiana immediately calmed the waters into complete stillness. She also brought about a light to glow from within the palm of her hand. 
Sure enough, within the shallow of thy seawaters, there was his reflection. His handsome face still looked just the same. His manly figure was still intact. Though what came from behind was a whole other matter. 

Tiernan stood up. He looked at his mum and his aunt. “What are those?” He was referring to the resplendent wings of luminous light; indigo and silver in shading. They were unbelievably impressive. Neither Tatiana nor Corozon had ever seen them as big and beautiful as Tiernan’s were.
Corozon piped up, “Hey, you’re definitely going to make a statement now.”
“Aunt Corozon. Seriously. What happened before? What was with the explosion of light, this feeling of incredible strength, and… what is with the faerie wings? That is what they are, aren’t they?”
Tatiana just smiled. “Yes, baby. They’re your wings. Well, they’re your energy essence transformed into a perceived sight of wings to be precise. Do you remember those dreams you used to tell me about when you were a little boy? You said it had always felt like you were flying over a magical land, and that all the other people you could see there were like faeries.”
“Yeh, I still have them. They’ve been coming on more often than not lately.” Tiernan affirmed.
“You didn’t tell me that.”
“I didn’t think I needed to. They were just dreams.”
Tatiana looked at him and sneer. “Honey, you know that your dreams are your soul’s way of talking to you.”
“Yes, mum, I know. But I grew up. With school, soccer, surfing, Francesca, my friends – just living my life; I guess I chose to stop listening. I’d been having these dreams my entire life, mum. I kind of became accustomed to them. I mean, faeries; you never once talked to us about faeries, not really. I never actually thought they were real, or at least I never thought I’d see one.”
“Well, guess what.” Tatiana quipped. “They’re real.”
“Yeh, I can see that. But why had you never said anything. You must have known?” Tiernan asked.
“Yes – and no.” 
“What do you mean mum? Come on! You can’t expect that I’m just going to turn around and go, hey, I’m okay with this, let’s get on with life. What’s dad think of all this? What do I tell my friends? Francesca? How can I even show myself? How does this even happen? When did you first know? What the…”
“Your dad doesn’t know,” Tatiana interrupted. 
It was Corozon who then interjected. “Tiernan. We promise to answer all your questions, but Francesca is looking for you. We need to go.”
“What do you mean she’s looking for me? How do you know?” Tiernan wouldn’t give up.
“Tiernan!” Corozon was getting slightly frustrated herself now. “I wasn’t kidding – Now!”

Just then, Francesca walked out from the marquee. Corozon immediately threw a flame, which landed on the front hem of the tent. It blew up the full side of the canvas fabric incredibly fast. Francesca was frantic, alongside the last of thy guests, including Julian, Joseph, and the girls. Everyone was running out from beneath the marquee and onto the sidewalk. 
“Really, Corozon?” Tatiana growled.
“What? My elemental is fire. What was I meant to do?” All three of them now fleeing the beach once Tatiana was sure that Julian, Joseph, and the girls were out safe.
Tatiana then stopped and knelt down. She placed her hands upon the ground, and breathed deep.
“Come on, Tat. We need to keep moving,” Corozon stated.
“Hush, you’ve done enough; and we’re out of sight, for now.” 
They were in the bushes behind one of the nearby buildings. Tatiana was asking Mother Earth’s assistance. She needed rain, and she needed it now. A crack of thunder, and then the rain hit.
“Did you just do that mum?” Tiernan was quite impressed as his mum look up and nod.
“Does that mean you’re a…” 
Tatiana intruded upon his question. “Yes, baby. You, me, Corozon, and your sisters.”
“So where’s your wings?” Tiernan had so many questions brewing beneath the surface.
The rain was coming down a little heavier than she’d asked. “We need to get home.”
“I’ll get the car,” Tiernan first thought.
“No sweetie, there’s no time. As with, it’s over there, where everyone else is.” Tatiana then chuckled. “Are you ready for a little flying lesson?” Not that she was asking, as Corozon and Tatiana seized one arm each before throwing themselves off the ground. This didn’t make any sense to Tiernan. They had no wings. 

~•*•~

Their feet had just touched the timber decking of thy terrace when Tatiana’s cell rang. “It’s your father; he’ll be worried sick about us.” 
Sure enough, he was. He hadn’t felt a scare like that since the day Tatiana went missing for two weeks, over 18 years prior. Tatiana reassured him that they were fine, and that Tiernan had simply felt a little ill. “It must have been something he ate.” That was the best excuse she could think of. “Corozon and I thought it better we bring him home to rest.”
Julian was thankful they were okay. He then continued telling Tatiana what happened regarding the fire. She knew all was okay, but she played dumb, still asking if everyone was alright?
“Everyone is fine, my love. The girls and Joseph are here with me. The marquee is a little singed but that’s nothing to worry about. Just take care of our boy. We’ll be home soon.”

Okay. That gave them just twenty minutes to try and explain as much as they could to Tiernan. But first things first – he had to dissolve his wings energetic essence. Focusing his energy just as he was told, his wings automatically vanished.
“Damn boy. You’re good.” Corozon astonished at how quickly he’d dispersed his wings. “He’s a natural, Tat.”
To be honest, Tatiana wasn’t surprised. Even as a young boy he had always been able to focus and center himself beautifully. She’d forever known there was something extra special about her son.
Explaining of his origins and how his energy worked, however, now that was going to be a little more difficult.

They started by explaining of his wings, and of flight.
“Our wings are simply an extension of reinforced energy. They are not used for flight, as most fairytales would have you believe. Flight is instructed using the energy force of mind and body. Hence why mine and your aunts were not needed to be visible before. Every faerie’s energy placement assumes a specific color. This speaks much of who they are within – their truth. However, the colors of your wings can be manipulated by your deep emotions, changing color to represent the strong sentiment you feel within at that present moment. Most faeries live within the realm of faerie – Eterna Fadas. This is a place beyond anything you have ever seen here on Earth. Though I do believe that is where you may have been taken in your dreams, so I dare say you do have an idea. Faeries are only able to cross onto Earth through an aperture, a portal, in which only opens upon a full moon. However, our preference is that they don’t because of the ill effects the full moon’s frequencies can have on a faerie. Corozon comes through whenever she please because she was granted the spell to open its power at any time. She was also given the spell of human stature. For in truth, we are somewhat smaller of a being in our natural state. Corozon has been queen of Eterna Fadas for the past eighteen plus years. Prior to that, I had led our people for thousands of years.”
“Hold up,” Tiernan jumped in. “You were queen? And your how old?”
Corozon and Tatiana laughed.
“Yes, baby. I was queen. As to how old I am, I couldn’t tell you. Age, just is time, is an illusion in a sense to us. We are eternal.”
“Does that mean I’m eternal?” Tiernan was becoming incredibly overwhelmed with everything he was learning.
“I’m not sure honey. You’re half mortal. So as to what abilities and traits you have; it is uncertain. In fact, you were the first ever faerie to be born of gestation. The rest of us have simply existed for as long as anyone can remember. Therefore, you were a miracle. As are your sisters.”
His questions continued.
How did she meet his father? Do the girls know anything? Why did his father not know? How could his father not know? How does the full moon affect a faerie? One and then another, the questions just kept pouring out.
“You will learn about everything Tiernan. But right now, you need to head to bed. Your father and sisters are here.”
“How do you know that?” Tiernan asked. They weren’t walking through the door.
“I’ve been tuning into them, sensing their souls energy. They’re just about to drive up the driveway. Another discussion for another time, but Tiernan, I need you to be patient. And please, you must understand. There is a reason we hold this in secret. No one must know.”
Tiernan understood. Though had to ask just one last question. “When can I go?”
“Go where?” Tatiana inquired.
“Eterna Fadas. I want to go.”
This didn’t settle well within the pit of Tatiana’s stomach. “We’ll talk about that another time.”

How did we get here?
In the midst of his darkness
Buried in tortuous eyes
Silent sleep looming
In terrors own hand
An end to the hidden disguise
Uncover thy story
Truth undiscovered 
Kneel in thy plead of defeat 
A dream be it was
A nightmare is now
Death’s threshold, I’ve now come to meet. 


Chapter Twenty-Five
IMMINENT

Be it one or the other…
a storm before the calm, or the calm before the storm.

Three months passed. Tatiana and Corozon held another gorgeous celebration for Alyssa and Serenity’s sweet 16th. Tiernan had become incredibly devoted to learning as much as he could about Eterna Fadas and all their magic. Tatiana and Corozon were a little less enthusiastic about teaching him their every specific of magic, teaching him only the basics for the time being. Tatiana was worried how giving him so much information all at once would affect his mortal mind. She needed him to remain grounded. Thankfully he was willing to be patient. He did still have a life outside his faerie origin, and one that he was still very much a part of. 
It quickly became apparent that Tiernan carried all of Tatiana’s essential traits. Unlike all other faeries of who held only one elemental power on Earth, just as Corozon’s was that of fire; Tiernan was like his mum, he held all four.  
Now be it true that Tiernan was remaining patient; but there was one thing that Tiernan was becoming very persistent about, and that was his desire to cross into Eterna Fadas.

Tatiana tried explaining to her son that she was not confident within his request. She sought to have him understand that for human beings, once they cross into the realm of faerie, there was never a certainty they could return back into the human world. This was cast long before she could even remember. It was placed there as a protection for their realm, so as humans could not discover their world and destroy it with their own greed for power. She tried telling him that she knew of none who’d ever succeeded in returning. This was a lie.
For just beyond eleven hundred years prior, she had become good friends with a divine human, who was unbelievably pure of heart. She had brought her back into Eterna Fadas, and she had stayed for what felt like only mere moments, but in human years had in fact become much too many. There came a time when her dear friend had decided it was time to leave and return to Earth, to her place of true home. Unsure she could do so, they tried anyway. Because of her heart so pure, and her mind of no ill thought, she was granted return. The aperture allowing access as there was no threat of her speaking their lands. What happened then broke Tatiana’s heart. Her years within the faerie realm had been far too long. She had stopped aging whilst on thy ethereal grounds, though aged her years once stepping onto human soils. She’d been 117 years old. 

Eventually, Tiernan convinced Tatiana. “Mum, it would be only those of undesirable intentions and damaging mind that would not be granted passage back.”
Urgh… he was wiser than she knew. She also knew there was no purer heart than that of her son’s. So how could she then deny him?
“We will have to tell your father that we’re going away for another soccer or surf tournament. Are there any coming up?”
“Actually, we’re meant to be travelling to St. Petersburg next weekend for a big game. I’ll just tell them I’m unable to make it due to family circumstances.” Tiernan chuffed.
“Okay. I’ll tell your father that I’m going with you. I haven’t been to any of your games this season. It’s about time.”
Tatiana smiled, but only just. She was still filled with concern. The thought of Edan had played on her mind relentlessly. She’d made a promise. She promised to never return to Eterna Fadas ever again.

~•*•~

The days sailed by in the glimpse of a shadow. Tatiana was returning home. Her son was to be seeing his for the first time. Corozon had not told a soul. Tatiana had every intention of coming and going all within one day, two at the very most, and the last thing she needed was Edan being given any suggestions of their return. 
It was just on dawn; no one would be to these parts of the swamp sanctuary until mid morning.
“Are you ready?” Tatiana asked, standing in a place most would see as nothing. He understood this was a feeling, not a sight with human eye. Tiernan understood many things on a level different to most, for he was not just anybody; he was Tatiana’s son. 
Tiernan had grown up under his mother’s influence. He had felt Mother Earth’s every breath, every cry. He’d heard the voices of her creatures. He’d seen and spoken to that of spirit and had been taught the basic fundamentals of his given energies essence. 
From the very first moment that Tiernan cast his eyes into the reflection of thy waters; he’d seen not only the man he had grown to be in human form, but he had also seen himself as a shadow of reflective light – a light that somehow made sense to him in more ways than he could ever explain. He had known without even knowing, just what he was, and where his origins lay. His heart since grew, his spirits had soared, he’d seen it all his life, in the body of his dreams. He’d pretended for so long that they had only been dreams, even though his soul would never stop calling. His soul would yearn for its right. 
“I’m ready, mum. I was born ready – remember.”
She chuckled as she took his hand.

Within thy shadows
Of an unseen mirror
Where truth be all that lay.
Be find our feet
Her ethereal soils
Feather Vale be held this day.

Stepping through, Tiernan felt an incredible surge of energy. His eyes saw at first only light of blue, then green, and then white. As his focus came clear, he suddenly find himself falling.
Splash!
“What the?”
“Oops. Sorry sweetheart, I forgot to mention that you should have come through using your energy forces to drift.”
“Mum!” Tiernan had landed in the Tranquillo River as the aperture did stand on the face of a cliff. He was drenched. The sound of laughter being the next humiliating thing he heard. He looked up. “Aunt Corozon! You forgot to tell me too I guess?” 
“It may have slipped my mind,” her grin as sassy as was she.

Tiernan then took his first real look at what lay in every which way about him, and under him. The riverbed seemed to be made of fine crystal sands in amongst grand boulders and other larger formed crystal pieces. He looked up to behold the clear skies that ignited of pearl brilliance. They were streamlined of violet and green, just as his mother had explained, and just as he’d seen in his dreams. 
Corozon glided over to him. Her energy essence was ravishing; flames of red and remarkable orange. “Come on, up ya get. There’s a realm for you to explore,” She reached out her hand to help him out of thy elegant waters. “Focus your energy. Concentrate.”
Tiernan accepted her hand, but only so he could pull her in. “Ha! I can do this with my eyes closed.” Tiernan then rise from the waters, his incredible wingspan of indigo and silver glistening within the morning energies glimmer. 
He then turned to face his mother. He was put in a place of no word. He’d always seen his mother as an angelic jewel of celestial presence. But now, she really was. There was something about this world that made her radiance rich of vivid glow. Her turquoise eyes glistened like fine cut crystals, and her wings were like vibrant blue magic. Her energy was stunning, striking, mesmerizing to say the least. 
Tiernan soared at Tatiana, holding her so firm, full of absolute pure love and gratitude. “Thanks, mum.”

~•*•~

The day was one of wonder, of enchantment, and of new experience in so many ways for Tiernan. As each soul, be it of faerie, animal, or that of Mother Earth was brought into sight of Tatiana; they were immediately overcome with emotion. Tiernan was speechless at how much they all adored her. He watched as even that of two butterflies, a Sunrise Monarch and Green Glowfly greet her with such affection. The flowers would open and close as though they too were acknowledging her presence. Even the breezes felt like they were dancing in soft melody about her being. Not that it took long for the attentions to then become placed upon the handsome stranger she’d brought with her.
“This is Tiernan Ryan, my son,” she announced. 
Everybody wanted to get near him, ask him questions, and teach him things of their world – his world. All were just as impressed with his wing’s energy essence as Tatiana and Corozon had been. The colors and intricate patterns within them were astounding, let alone the size. Tatiana, Corozon, and Crystabella stood back watching. 
“He’s like a brand new toy on Christmas morning,” Tatiana chuckled.
Crystabella adding, “Do you blame them, look at him! He is so incredibly delicious.”
Tatiana slapped her lightly on the back of the head. “Crystabella, don’t you dare.”
Crystabella and Corozon then giggling at the innuendo.

~•*•~

A grand celebration – faerie style – was to be held that evening upon the sanctuary. As always, word travelled quicker than the star dusts of time in Eterna Fadas, and people flew in from every direction. They would in fact continue to fly in every moment of the time that Tatiana and Tiernan were there. All wanted to see Tatiana, but more than that, all wanted to see for themselves, the first ever born child of faerie decent. 

Unfortunately, it had not only been that of pure of heart and mind that had heard of Tatiana’s return. 

The night was one of the most extravagant, dazzling, and bewitching, Tiernan had ever experienced. Try to envision the most lavish outdoor party sparked with that of magic in every possible way imaginable. Silver and white sails hung mid air, coming together to form mystical artistry of their own. Tables adorned with silver and crystal, while an enthralling display of lighted show threw to breezes above. Lions and tigers flew and danced right over your head. Music and song was enchanting beyond words. Tiernan kept having to pinch himself, awaiting for his dream to end. 
He got to know all. Crystabella, Malaika, Nikeese, Jaedon, Aren, even the ever-faithful golden eagle, Qawwija; the voice for so many of thy animal kingdom. However, one soul did not make an appearance. The one soul Tatiana missed more than any other within their realm, ‘Lyric.’ 

The celebrations ran well into the night, and as the hours grew through to the first of a new day, it was time to leave. Corozon and Crystabella drifted alongside Tatiana and Tiernan, to Tatiana’s very own chateau. None had lived in it since, but Corozon had been sure that it was well taken care of. There had always been a small part of her that held onto the belief that one day Tatiana would return, resuming her place as queen. 
Tiernan was becoming more and more overwhelmed with each passing minute. It was all going much too fast for his liking. He knew they had to return home upon the evening of thy new day.
“You live in a castle, mum?” Tiernan couldn’t believe his eyes.
“I don’t like to refer to it as a castle sweetheart, more so a… grand and lavish chateau. I am no more than the next. We are all equals.”
Tiernan looked at his mum with a pint-sized sly grin. “Yeh, okay. I completely understand the equality of all souls; I mean, I’ve had it pounded into me all my life remember. But mum, you can not seriously tell me that this is not a castle.”
Tatiana coyly smiled. “Let’s go Tiernan. We should get some rest. I have no doubt they will be knocking down this door as early as they possibly can, trying to make the most of every second they have with you.”

~•*•~

As sure as the sun would rise, there were many awaiting Tatiana and Tiernan to greet them – well before any reasonable hour. Tiernan was flying out the front doors before breakfast had even been served.
“Hey, you whom I seem to have lost to the rest of this realm… are you going to eat?” Tatiana shouted from the top of the stairs.
“No thanks, mum. We’ve organized to have breakfast out on some field. Then they’re going to teach me how to play grass blades? I think that’s what they called it.”
“Uh huh. Well, just be careful, and promise me you won’t go beyond the boundaries of Feather Vale. I’ll come and meet you before lunch. I have a place I’d like you to see.”
“Yes, mother.” His tone was of quip, but Tatiana trusted he would do as he was asked. “Morning, Aunt C.” Corozon was walking in just as Tiernan was flying out.
“Where’s he off to?” pointing over her shoulder.  
“Some of the boys are going to teach him grass blades, supposedly.” Tatiana replied as she walked down the spiral staircase.
“So that’s where Malaika was off to,” Corozon referring to Malaika’s keen interest to be out the door earlier than normal. 
Crystabella then walked in. “Where’s Tiernan going?” She’d just seen him soar off into the woods with a group of others.
“Gone to be the, boy, that he still is.” Tatiana then coming to a stance in front of them. She was referring still to Crystabella’s comment from the day prior.
Crystabella smirked, ignoring the comment. “Come on. Who’s hungry? I’m starving.”
Tatiana’s heart then filled with so much joy and pride. It was like old times again, before that of Edan’s tormented mind. Crystabella was full of so much life. She had truly healed her own beautiful self over the years. She had also taken on the role as thy queen’s right hand very seriously, making sure that Corozon was always well prepared for any occasion, being sure that she covered her daily duties. Tatiana was more than impressed. 
Over the years passed, Corozon had ceased to give out too many details of what had been happening within the realm of faerie. Though all seemed peaceful and calm, from what she could tell.

~•*•~

Tiernan, Tatiana called for her son in mind from the sideline.
“Hey, man. I got to go. Thanks for the game.” Tiernan thanked Malaika and the others for the morning of laughs and good sportsmanship. He heard one of them saying to Malaika as he walked off, “You better watch it. Looks like you got competition.” 
Tiernan looked down at the ground and smiled. Malaika had been known as this realm’s best player of grass blades, ever. Tiernan, though new to the game, definitely gave him a run for his money.
“Hi, mum. Aunt Corozon. Crystabella,” rolling his wrist, extending his arm and bowing as he greet Crystabella. Corozon kicked him up the backside. 
“What?” Tiernan whined.
Corozon curled her lips. Tiernan wasn’t sure whether she was grinning or frowning as she then made comment. “You know what, rat bag? You’re not too old to get a kick up the bum.”
“Make a bet,” Tiernan replied as he scooped her up in his arms, and then… and then nothing. Corozon flung her legs about his waist, twisted back, and threw him to the ground. Corozon was still drifting just above the ground in chuckle. “You’re in my world now, kiddo. You play by my rules.”
Tiernan’s ego was a little bruised, but that was all, as he stood up and brushed himself down. He then lifted himself off the ground to drift directly in front of his aunt, shoulders back, chest thrust out, looking as though he were ready to pounce. Malaika flew quick to Corozon’s side, though this only made Corozon laugh harder. Tatiana had chuckled at the showdown also. Peering then to her left where Malaika stand, Corozon exclaimed while taking his hand. “Settle down baby. He wouldn’t hurt a fly.” Corozon then lifting her foot and pushing Tiernan back softly. Tiernan too had then lost his composure and started to laugh. “Nah, man. She’s right. I couldn’t. This one would have me for dinner if I even tried.” Tiernan pointed over his shoulder at his mum.
Corozon then grabbed Tiernan, holding him in a firm but adoring embrace. “You know it.”

~•*•~

The sun was just past the mid point of the sky. Their day would soon be gone, meaning Tatiana and Tiernan would have to head home to Earth. But there was one place that Tatiana wanted to take her son before they left. Her favored and most endeared place in Eterna Fadas: Tranquillo Falls.

Flying through the trees, then above and back down; it was enough to have Tiernan’s mind in a spin. He then returned to his mother. “It’s so unbelievably beautiful here, mum. Will the girls ever come here?”
“We’ll see. I need to be sure I can get you back first,” her smile slightly tainted with concern.
“It will be fine, mum. I promise. Trust me.”
“I do.” She paused, a slight twinkle in her eye. “But now it’s your turn to trust me. Close your eyes.” 
The beam of sheer blessed exhilaration on his mother’s face was enough to have him seal his eyes of hope and grace. “You still haven’t told me where you’re taking me?”
“You will see soon enough,” as Tatiana push through the last of the deep green forests splendor before it opened up to Tatiana’s heavenly place. “Open.”
Tiernan then opened. Within the grasp of his blue eyes sight, a fairytale held before him. It was like a dream within a dream. The entire space was surrounded by the most lustrous of deep green. The grasses were of lush pronounced life, and the blooms glistened like trinkets of charmed will. The waters fell of pure splendor, and the bluest of blue spirit was clasped beneath before it then sank into the arm of Tranquillo River.
Tiernan had immediately leapt into the waters celestial beauty. A feeling of unbelievable serenity was poured through his soul. Never had he felt more alive, and yet more at peace than ever before. It was pure magic. There was no other way to explain it.
Whilst Tiernan swam and soaked up its remarkable energy, Tatiana sat upon her mother’s flourishing floor, instantly becoming one with her body and her soul. 

Tiernan stepped out from the waters, placing himself near where his mother seated in peaceful reflection. He watched as her facial expressions slowly changed from soft and restful smile, to discomfort and ache. Did he dare interrupt where she was being taken? Tatiana had told him that the pain sometimes felt was only part of the journey, and that through the hurt we find our heal. He knew that coming back here, though it was of beauty, was also of tender sorrow for his mum. This was where her true self lay. He understood that now. I mean, he’d been here less than two days, though somehow it felt more real and spoke more honesty to his own soul than that of the world he had grown within.
Tatiana’s expressions were not shifting. In fact, they were becoming more concerning for Tiernan. Had he been seeing what she had, his concern would have been more like that of fear.

~•*•~

When Tatiana first closed her eyes and become one; she made the conscious decision to travel thy lands of Eterna Fadas, to feel out the energies of her home, and to rest in thy thought that all was well and of peace. All had been as she’d hoped, until she cast her senses over the Redwoods Victor. The trees still stood tall, though they did not stand of green and of life; they stood of dark and gray, their leaves were no more, and they cried of pain. The energies stung of torture; her mother’s grounds were in anguish. A face she had hoped not to see then tore out through the trees like a monstrous fiend. His energy then flitted and sweep to the winds. He soared past their lands and held strong above Feather Vale. His stay of this place only brief, his wrath on the move once again. He climbed higher and higher through the trees and the hills. He was now…
“Tiernan! Watch out!”
Tatiana tore from where she sit, pushing Tiernan aside. A blaze of electrical sphere, strike her at full force. Tatiana fell back. Thankfully it only hit her shoulder. She was then back to her feet, glaring into the forests depths as she yelled, “Tiernan, get behind me.” 
Tiernan did not move.
“Tiernan – now!” Her voice was further demanding. Tiernan then doing just as his mother instructed.
“Edan! You’re a coward. You try not only to cast your menace from within the shadows, but you cast it upon an innocent?”
Corozon, I need you at Tranquillo Falls, now. Bring as many as you can. Her voice heard as fearful panic in Corozon’s mind.

Stepping from behind the cover of her forests green – there he was; a disdained look of evil spread across his mug. His energy was so muddled. Black be its depth, though musty reds and yellows swirl in eerie form all about his essence. He stood with his legs at shoulder width apart, his shoulders back, and his hands held firm behind his lower body. His eyes wrote a story of corrupt and unruly disturb, his soul tortured beyond repair that she no longer recognize any of which was pure. His mind of merciless ego, she could not see either. Tatiana had tried to infiltrate his thoughts, but there was nothing.
“Why are you here? What have you been doing within the Redwoods Victor? She is hurting. Why is it that you feel the need to have others pay for your own thoughts of pain? Do you feel powerful knowing that you have cursed those poor trees with your hard heart?”
“Hadn’t thought much of their useless beings to be honest. Only gave attention to all of your precious faeries I now have under my dominion command.”
Tatiana was aghast. Corozon had said nothing to her about this.
“Why Edan? Why are you doing this?”
“Why not? You turned everyone against me, even my Bella. Now it’s my turn to take charge, and take back my honor.”
“Why Edan, you truly are lost, aren’t you, my darling.” Tatiana almost felt sorry for him. “What’s the Sulphur for?”
Edan looked at her with eyes of aggression. “You know of nothing in which you speak. You best keep that sweet little mouth of yours shut; you worn, outdated, no longer needed piece of…”
Tatiana felt Tiernan stir from behind her. She turned the palm of her hand back towards the ground, causing two small but thick roots to shoot up and out of the soils, wrapping about Tiernan’s wrists just as he was about to push himself up from where he seat. 
“Is that the best you can do Edan? Let me ask again. What is with the extreme amounts of Sulphur? I can smell it on you. Sulphur has a distinct scent.”
“What do you care?” Edan shouted back.
“I care because… regardless of whether I’m here or not, this world is still of my heart, and if you or anyone tries to harm it, or that of thy people within, then I will not stand by and watch!”
Edan laughed, “What are you going to do? You have no power here any longer. You are no longer queen. This is not your home. Your home is of that puny pathetic piece of land they call Earth. If you had any heart, you would never have left in the first place.”
Tiernan struggled beneath the stems. Tatiana’s fury was building within; though, she would hold her ground in soothe composure, as long as was possible. His words were only of spite, and of dreaded terror he’d never admit. 
“Tiernan, stay where you are. I will handle this.” Tatiana was instructive, yet comforting with her words.
“So, who’s this than?” Edan walked to his right, trying to take a better look. “Is this the infamous Tiernan? What a pleasure to meet you. Not so much a child anymore though are you? Are you as strong as your mother is?” 
Tatiana held cover. “Leave him out of this. He knows nothing of our feud. His powers are of no threat to you. He has only just learnt of this world. So leave him be!”
“Oh, look at that. Dear mummy will save the day. She will protect her destined son!” Edan snicker as he watched the look of confusion cross Tatiana’s face. “Oh, sublime. You’ve not heard the rumors… Destiny’s Child, I’ve heard them say.” Edan laughed. “What a load of crock. He’s nothing more than a human with pretty wings.”
Tiernan’s unforgiving fire had been lit.
“Edan, leave him alone!” Tatiana’s voice was fierce. However, it was also more than obvious she was afraid. Not for her own self, but for that of her son’s.
Edan thought it hilarious. “A mumma’s boy. What’s wrong, pretty little mortal? Has your mumma got your tongue?”

Tiernan had sat and listened. He’d respectfully done as his mother asked; though his anger was boiling within, ready to bubble at the surface like an inferno. Tatiana tried to calm her son with soothing energies, though it would not work. The roots of thy tree then letting go of their grasp as the heat transpiring from within Tiernan was burning at Mother Earth’s stems. 
He tore at Edan with no thought. He knew nothing of this man, but refused to sit there and have him ridicule his own self and that of his mother. 
Edan was upon the ground, Tiernan’s heated hands about his throat. Tatiana was still trying to calm her son from behind, though he would have no part of it. His will was too strong for her. Edan smirked, before he flicked his finger from beneath. A relentless gust of wind blew, forcing Tiernan back beside the waters. Tatiana was put off balance herself. Tiernan reached back into her water’s splendor, forming a handful of ice. It soared through the air at Edan. Edan very calmly placed out his hand as a heated flame transmitted and held, the ice melting upon touch.
Tiernan then rose from the ground, while Tatiana leapt to the air in front. “Tiernan, leave this be. He is too strong for you. Remember as I taught you. No fight shall end well. We fight to protect, not for revenge, and not to conquer.” Her eyes spoke so much pain. Was that his doing? 
“If we don’t fight, he won’t stop.” Tiernan tried to reason.
“He wiii…” Tatiana did not finish her remark. Edan had swung an electrical charged red whip about her waist and chest. It stole her breath; her eyes read fear. Edan whisked her back towards him. His free hand held beneath her chin with force as he threat. “I am more the man than you ever thought I was.”
Tatiana just being able to throw a few words through his breathless hold, “You will never be the man I had even hoped you were.”
Her words tore pain at his ego’s forbidding fury. In that split second moment, Tatiana had turned into her own electrical charge, thrusting her hands forward upon his chest with incredible power. Edan was thrown back into the thick of green. She drifted several feet above the ground, waiting for him to reemerge. She felt for his energy. This isn’t good. There was more than just one dark presence within the forest before her. 
Corozon, where are you? Tatiana screamed of thought.
We’re almost there, what’s going on? She heard back.
Unfortunately, Tatiana had no time to explain as Edan then soared beneath her feet, taking hold of Tiernan.

~•*•~

Edan was standing behind him, his right hand about Tiernan’s throat, while his left hand held of fire and further electrical current at the base of Tiernan’s spine.
Tatiana immediately dropped to the ground below. With a look of loss, and a pain indescribable torn within and without, she reached forward. 
“Don’t even try. He’s half mortal remember. One fire through his core and he’ll be – bye bye.” Edan showed no signs of delude. He was serious.
Tatiana begged. “Please, Edan. Don’t do this. Take me in his place. This is not his fight.”
“But you chose to make it his fight when you reentered Eterna Fadas. You swore that you would never do so.”
Tiernan was confused with Edan’s words. Why would his mum agree to never return?
Just then from above, Qawwija came into sight. He screamed to the skies with call. Closely behind was a crowd of at least two dozen faeries. Corozon, Malaika, and Crystabella were at the forefront – as was Lyric. 

Lyric had stayed in the shadows, catching glimpses of the woman his heart so longed, and the boy he’d heard so much. Even Lyric had admitted to himself that there was something magnetic and beautiful about Tiernan. He’d watched him playing grass blades all morning. 
He’d kept his distance, for the pain of seeing his love, face to face, was too much for him to bear. Though upon hearing of Tatiana in trouble, his feelings were cast aside, his only want held within her protection.
Landing by Tatiana’s side, he took her hand. At once he was attune to her deep anguish and fear.

“Oh… how sweet. Your dear friends have come to help you. Too bad it’s a little too late for your darling son.”
Edan’s army of lost souls then stepping from the shadows and into the light all around Tranquillo Falls. It was a sight and a feeling that brought horror itself to a stance. There had to have been a good few hundred.

Tiernan looked over at his mother of angelic essence. Through her clouded tears, their eyes met. His mum was so scared. She was almost numb with fear. This was her baby boy. He – was her purpose. How did this happen? How did they come to this place? Why did she ever come back? 
Mum, it’s okay. I love you, and I will forever be grateful to you for having brought me here. Tiernan’s eyes held no terror, as he tried to reassure the woman who held his stars. There was no fear to be found within anywhere. His look was of peace, and his soul was his every calming breath. Somehow, in those very few moments, his mind came to an acceptance of his impending death. He’d seen all that had filled his dreams his entire life. He held no regret. It’s okay, mum.
His focus was briefly drawn to his mother’s right. Only one thought flashing through his mind’s vision, as his eyes then met with Lyric’s. I know you. You were in my dreams.



IMPENDING

THE SOULS CRY
Book Three, The Tier of Eternal Grace
“The pictures imperfections
  become their crowning truth”


What once had been, is now forgone
Beyond the enchantment, beyond charms of song
Ageless beauty, times of antique
Brought into present, of all they had seek`d
A land of all that once was pure
Now holds a thread of deathly cure
Shall be it thou dark forbid defeat
Will light be cast about terrified seat
Will three be sought and bind control
Shall lives all end, or will freedom find thy souls


Chapter One
DANCE

Sometimes we find ourselves in waltz of fearful wreck. 
Though be it true, that one may find a strength never known 
within the whistle of thou darkened dance.

His eyes shot opened. His head felt like a dreaded storm of pounding thunder and lightning crack. His body lay calm in no movement, yet his heart did beat a thousand currents struck. For three heartbeats all was black. It was still. It was quiet. And then… “Aaahhhhh!” He was back in a world of no knowing, the pain held strong, his fear in pursuit. His eyes moved ever so swiftly in the direction that He was coming.
Too late!
Tiernan was already above him. His speed was unfathomable. His powers were incomparable. Wind, Earth, Fire, and Water, Edan could barely breathe. His body felt like it was being torn through cyclonic winds; belted against the earth from the inside out. The scent of burning flesh; a fiery inferno scorched the fine layers of his sheath – déjà vu. All the while he gasp for breath, drowning beneath rushes of cascading torrents. His lungs were filling with gray muds of foul retribution.

Tiernan stood in committed fear. His mind screamed of all he wished to inflict on the devil’d man they called Edan. However, Tiernan weren’t even aware he was capable of carrying out such horrendous acts of power, let alone that he was doing so at present. 
Edan twisted, turned and fought against the dreadful ache; completely blind sighted to the reality of thy instances in time. 
For be it known that Tiernan was in truth, nowhere near him. Tiernan was in fact still standing in the very place that Edan held him in impending death only moments prior.

~•*•~

Standing with one hand about Tiernan’s throat, and the other at the base of his spine, Edan threat with no sign of untruth, while Tatiana fall of weight to her knees. Tears of fear and loss devoured her sight. Her firstborn was in a place he should never have been. He was in a place she knew not what to do. If she fought back, would she be quick enough? Could she save her son, or would she lose him? But then, if she didn’t fight, would the same fate be dealt, or could she reason with thy fiend? She wanted to scream her terror.

Tiernan on the other hand was surprisingly calm. He’d come to a peaceful understanding within. However, holding his gaze upon his mother, who was held in excruciating pain; and then at Lyric beside her, a man he did not know, but had seen within his dreams all his life… a spark of a different kind lit. 
Be it a sparked catalyst of heated heart, wound strong within inspiring determination. Be it a spur of desirable growth and a want for revenge, that never had he felt before. Provoked was an energy forever held inside, but never had it prior been sensed. Thy spark then increasing to an explosion of unclouded extremes, thy spark becoming more than any had ever seen. The resplendent eruption of indigo, white, and silver was expanding well beyond any measure. Edan was instantly thrown across the waters at width, landing to the other side of thy falls spray. 

To the whole world placed about thy Tranquillo Falls, they could not believe their eyes. They hold their breath in implausible daze, for before thou visions now stand – an image of immortal praise. Before their every waking thought be set, a being of spiritual royalty, of resurrected refinement, all in the form of an energetic prophecy – a calling within a peacock’s noble crest. A breath of new life had arisen, and a power that Edan, nor any other was ever expecting.


ACKNOWLEDGMENTS

Writing this book became an entire new adventure. One that brought with it further enlightenment and understanding for myself. The characters held tight within my core, for all beings within The Tier of Eternal Grace embody elements of myself. Some of the underlying story being based upon aspects of my life prior and that of my now. These books being embraced within my healings.
I must begin by giving my thanks to my God, the divine, and that of thy Mother Earth herself. You deserve my deepest gratitude and love. I am blessed, as are we all, of your divine forces that fill our body and soul with a power of undeniable strength.
Your messages were always felt, heard, and seen. Messages that brought not only truth to these pages, but also truth to my own soul within. No matter how busy I became and even in times when I may not have been listening so intently, you always found a way to be sure that I got the memo loud and clear.
 
I am so fortunate to be surrounded by so many incredible souls. To begin with, I must mention the three exquisite angels who I share my everyday with: Jayden, Amber and Ebony. You stand by mummy’s side through every step. You inspire me each day and give me a thousand reasons to smile each passing moment. Nothing says “I love you” more than when it flows from the lips of your own child.
To Miss Beth Fitzgerald, who is not only my best friend, but also my remarkable PA. You are a woman of unbelievable beauty and strength, both within and without. I don’t know that I could ever thank you enough. You are there for me consistently, in every way imaginable. You are a gift of thy heavens, in which I graciously receive with open arms. I love you my darling.
To my handsome Daddy, my beautiful Mum, and my stunning sister, Debbie. With the three of you by my side, I am forever brought into further faithful grounding, and maintain a deep appreciation for that of which I am blessed. Your never-ending support is held within the depths of my heart. I love you evermore.
To be honest, I could fill an entire book with my writings of gratitude and love. For without each and every person who has come into my life, including each of my divine fans, I would not be where I am today. So to all, I thank you. May your every day be that of beauty and of divine magic, in every possible form.
Love, Blessings and Faerie Kisses,
Tania Elizabeth xo



ABOUT THE AUTHOR

From humble beginnings to a life of dreams, Tania Elizabeth is a soul of passion, magic and trust. She is mother to three exquisite angels, finding peace in the simple pleasures of life. Tania writes to inspire, to bring truths of light, and to allow one’s mind lost in a world unlike their own.

As a lover of poetry from a very young age, Tania’s writing style has been described as exquisite lyricism, harking back to a time where thy cultured form was both revered and celebrated. It has been said that not only are her books intoxicating, but that the words within are equally thought provoking and refreshing.

Tania Elizabeth has lived a life of many stories all her own. With an incredibly colorful background, and not always that of which she would care to recall, she never allows her past to hold her back from living her every heart’s desire. Through passion, belief, trust and sheer determination, Tania stands by the conviction that anything is possible and that dreams really do come true.

Welcome to her world, and to that of her divine friends - the faerie.


For further details on Tania, and all her works, go to:
http://www.tierofeternal.com.au




OTHER BOOKS 
BY TANIA ELIZABETH

The Moon Clearing - Book One, The Tier of Eternal Grace

The Souls Cry - Book Three, The Tier of Eternal Grace

