



In the Temples of My Fathers

A Historical Fantasy 

By

Randal Doering


In the Temples of My Fathers
By Randal Doering
Copyright 2014 Randal Doering
Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form. If you enjoyed this book, please return to your favorite ebook retailer to discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.


This is a work of fiction.  All characters and events portrayed
 in this book are either fictitious or are used fictitiously.


Cover image:  Atlatla and Maxam CahCoh in the Ancient City © Randal Doering
	
ISBN: 9781311662354



Dedication
To the Maya Indians of Central America
Past and Present
			
They have given the world much
Acknowledgements

I consulted many works for research for In The Temples Of My Fathers, but some turned out to be more important to the final book than others.  These works I list below, so that if you as the reader find yourself interested in Mayan culture and civilization, you can refer to them to learn more.  I would add Mel Gibson’s controversial movie, Apocalypto, but I saw this movie after my book was completed, and it did not inform this project.  
	
A Forest of Kings by David Friedel and Linda Schele
The Ancient Maya by Robert Sharer and Loa Traxler
The Black-Man of Zinacantan by Sarah C. Blaffer
The Blood of Kings by Linda Schele
The Book of Chilam Balam of Chumayel translated by Ralph L. Roys
Breath on the Mirror by Dennis Tedlock
Chamulas in the World of the Sun by Gary H. Gossen
Dictionary of Maya Hieroglyphs by John Montgomery
Heart of Heaven, Heart of Earth by James D. Sexton and Ignacio Bizarro Ujpan
Hidden Faces of the Maya by Linda Schele
Ignacio: The Diary of a Maya Indian of Guatemala by Ignacio Bizarro Ujpán
The Interpretation of Cultures by Clifford Geertz
The Maya by Michael D. Coe
The Maya Vase Books by Justin Kerr
Maya Cosmos by David Friedel, Linda Schele and Joy Parker
Mayan Folktales edited by James D. Sexton
Painting the Maya Universe by Dorie Reents-Budet 
Popul Vuh book translated by Dennis Tedlock
Popul Vuh movie produced by Patricia Amlin
Reading the Maya Glyphs by Michael D. Coe and Mark Van Stone
Ritual of the Bacabs translated by Ralph L. Roys
The Spoken Word and the Work of Interpretation by Dennis Tedlock
Star Gods of the Maya by Susan Milbrath
Time and the Highland Maya by Barbara Tedlock
Tortillas for the Gods by Evon Z. Vogt

In addition to book research I took two trips to the Maya region of Central America, which is to say southern Mexico, Belize, Guatemala and Honduras.  One trip was throughout this region, to get the feel for this civilization’s scope, and the other trip was three months I spent at Lamanai, in Belize, for in-depth research at a single site.  There is simply no substitute for doing on-the-ground exploration for the sights, smells, sounds, tastes and feel of a people, a place, and a culture.

Finally, I am grateful to the owner and staff of the Lamanai Outpost Lodge for providing an excellent writing space and for repairing my computer’s power cord one day when it suddenly quit working.
Table of Contents

A Kernal
Planting
The Three Hunters and the Dead Boy
Sprouts
The Time the Babies Grew Fangs and Hunted Their Parents
First Weeding
Mother Moon is Torn in Half, and Her Blood Creates Maize
Light and Heat
The Time Father Sun Killed All the Boys
Growing
The War Between the Cities
Weeding
The Night of Spirits
Ripening
The Great Sacrifice on 13 K’awil
Harvest
Sacnik and the Yax Cacao
Burning
ix-Xul’s Vision
Ashes

About the Author
A Kernal
The day of my birth was 17 Ch'en 11 Ix, a day when the harvest was coming to an end and the delicious foods of the fields were plentiful.  It was a good day to be born because on Ix days the ancestors of one's mother are close and watchful, and it is true that my entry into this world was easy for my mother and for me.  On that day I was given my infant’s name, and the surname of my mother, and the surname of my father, and my mother sang to me that my lineage is one of the oldest in my village.  I was told by my father that our bird is the potoo, the night bird with bright yellow eyes, but that is an evil flier which spreads suffering under its wings, and maybe he was only bitter when he told me this. Our tree is the red chacté, which gives strong poles for the blood-staff of the priest but cannot be used for furniture or other household objects because it shatters when bent. 
Because of the things that have happened my given names are lost now, and I have fled to live in this hut in the dead city of my ancestors. There are wild dogs in the jungle that surrounds this place, but their cries are poor comfort on lonely days.  Sometimes I walk through the jungle to the outskirts of the village where I was born and lived until my sixteenth year, that place I can no longer name for fear of leading evil spirits to my people, and there I can hear the sounds of life that keep my heart from dying.  On certain days it is not enough only to hear, and I must creep close to watch the men working in their fields and the women washing clothing and carrying water. Children run about or quarrel or help their parents or throw stones at ain the crocodile, who lives in the river near the village.  Then I remember the way it was for me in my childhood, with my brother, before the lords of the night won their victory over my lineage and over me.  
My name now is ah-Kiinsah, Killer of His Fathers, and the stories I hear told about me are stories of magic and my betrayal of the powerful men of our village.  But those stories are full of lies, and if I say nothing, no one will ever know what truly happened, or why.  In this place of howler monkeys and black wasps I have plastered white the walls of my hut, and here I will write of my life in the village and in the temples of our fathers, and the things I discovered there.  When I am gone from this world and someone reads these words, they will learn of the treachery of those who were supposed to protect our people, and the truth of why I did what I did.
Planting
The first words I can remember hearing were not those of my mother or my father but of my brother Atlatla, whose name comes from the word for the dart-thrower.  
“Listen to me, little brother," he said, and he told me a story to frighten me and show me that he was the older brother and I was just the baby.  It was the story of the three hunters and the spirit of a dead boy he whispered, when my parents were sleeping.  Only Mother Moon's light was there, shining through the windows, to protect me from the fear my brother was trying to put in my heart.  His voice filled my ears, and it was the words of that first story that brought me out of my baby's world into the world of my brother and my father and my lineage.  
Atlatla was three years older than I was, and everything he said was a little dart thrown from his mouth.  "Stop doing that," he said when I played with things that were not mine.  "Come with me," he said when he wanted to take me to see a nectar bat sucking at a flower or an orb spider glowing in the dark.  "Don't look at those men," he said when the men of power of the village came out of their mat house meetings.  It was my brother who took me to the edges of the village, where the trails into the jungle begin and the guardian stones are raised.  There are five of these guardian stones, acantuns they are called, there is one in each of the four directions and one in the center of the village.  Each stone is as high as a man, they are carved with pictures of our ancestors, and inside them live the spirits of our grandparents who have stayed in this world to protect their children. 
"Never go beyond these stones without our father or another man," Atlatla said.  "Never.  The animals will kill you, or the servants of the god ah-Puch will destroy you.  The evil winds are everywhere, in the jungle."  His voice was very serious and frightening, and when I looked out into the jungle I saw only green darkness and heard only the snarling of hungry animals and wicked spirits, looking for a little boy to gobble up and destroy. 
Sometimes I did not listen and played with my brother’s toy dart thrower or knocked over his little clay men, and he grabbed my hair and pulled me, and I would hit him, and he would only laugh.  "You know nothing," he would say.  "You are only the little brother, and I must teach you everything." So he would drag me by the arm to show me these lessons he wanted me to learn, while I struck at him, and if I did not wish for people to laugh at us I had to do what he wanted.  
Only when our father was near did he not do those things.  Once when I was very small and we were sitting on our mats eating dinner, Atlatla seized my hair and started to say some thing or other, and our father smacked him on the side of the head with a loud clapping sound. "How do you like that?" my father said, and his eyes were obsidian chips.
"I didn't hit him!" said Atlatla, and my father struck him again so that he fell over.  
"Did you hear what I said, son?" said my father.  
"He doesn't listen," grumbled Atlatla, but our father only finished his tamales and went outside to smoke a cigar.  My mother sat looking at the floor, this was her way when there was anger, and when our father went out she tried to help Atlatla sit up.  He pushed away her hand and went to his sleeping bench and lay facing away from us.  My mother stood and took the cups and plates for washing, and I was alone with the empty mats.  
My father never struck me.  The youngest son in his hut was hardly seen, hardly heard.  I always placed my father's mat and Atlatla's mat before every meal, and after we ate I put them away, and that was all my father wanted from me.  He was a wood cutter, which was not a good path to walk in our village; it is a low place, and a poor one.  But we were saved from humiliation because my father was also a wood carver who made plates and cups and bowls, and this skill brought him a little respect.  Very early in the morning, even before Father Sun's first light came over the eastern mountains, my father would take up his axes and his dragging-rope.  One axe was flint, for chopping soft wood, and one axe was obsidian, for biting into hard wood and making a starting place for the flint axe.  My mother did not rise with him but always left him meat-buns and honey-bread or some other tasty thing, and when he had eaten he would go into the jungle and cut trees for whatever people needed.  Most families would cut their own wood for their needs, but some families have no boys or only small boys, and these were the families who paid my father with obsidian carving blades or other things. Sometimes when a family was building a new hut or making fish-traps, they would pay my father to help them, because he knew how best to manipulate the many types of wood and also where all the kinds of trees grew.  On days when people needed nothing from him he would cut sapodilla or andiroba or coroboro and drag the pole back to our lineage-compound and carve new sets of dishes from it.  When the day was growing old my father would go into the jungle and cut heavy loads of brush and garbage trees for firewood, and he would sell the bundles for people to use the following day.  
Each year my father planted a field of maize and squash and beans, but this alone did not provide enough food for our family.  It was my two uncles who grew large fields and tended our lineage orchards, they were potent farmers who provided for our needs.  My father only kept his milpa because everyone in the village, even the priest, even the caçique, plants at least a small field of these crops.  If a man is crippled or sick his sons care for his milpa, or he pays others to tend it.  No one wants to offend the gods and the goddesses by refusing to raise the food they made for us.  In truth it was wood carving that my father did most, since selling these things brought a little money to our family and our lineage.  
When I was small, my brother was often taken into the jungle when my father went to cut wood or tend his milpa.  Only boys who are at least seven or eight are taken outside the village, and many fathers wait until their sons are nine or ten.  The jungle around the village is very thick and dangerous; kan-koch the fer-de-lance snake lives in the brambles, waiting to poison anyone who walks past his home, and balam the jaguar or coh the puma might become crazed and seize small children and drag them away before anyone sees.  So, young children stay in the village and the raised fields by the river and never go into the jungle.  
Because my father and Atlatla were often outside the village, there were many days when I was alone with my mother.  In the mornings, after my father took Atlatla into the jungle, she would waken me and take me with her to the river to collect water for our hut.  There she would talk with other women from the village of her birth, and sometimes she would talk with the women of my father's village, but they did not like to speak with her and would only say those things they had to not to bring the evil winds upon themselves.  This was because my father's lineage was a cursed one, and no one wanted our luck.  For three generations there had been many more girls than boys in our lineage, and more boys had died than should have if the gods truly embraced us.  My father had two brothers who were older than he was, and their wives had borne only girls and sons who were stillborn or died not long after they were born.  So my father married my mother, who was from the village of Chacwitz, to escape the bad luck.  He had two healthy sons, but people still did not believe that our lineage’s luck had changed.   
This was how the days of my early years went:  watching the sky for interesting birds and trying to make their calls to bring them down to me, but they never came.  I poked at strange insects and was scolded for playing with scorpions, even flipping kitchen cockroaches over with a stick seemed to irritate my mother, nor did she like it when I stuck shield-bugs to my forehead with tree-gum.  So, in the dust of our lineage-compound I made stupid stick-drawings of the animals that came around, and though I could draw a good raccoon, rabbits were beyond me and only made my uncles laugh.  This too I did:  helping my father make piles of brush for us and my uncles to burn at night, and feeding sticks into cooking fires for my aunts or my cousins, who were all girls.  Two of my cousins were very good cooks and let me help them mash fruit for making into tarts; since I got to help eat these, this was a task I became excellent at.        
Mostly, though, I would watch my mother do women's things:  soaking maize kernals in limewater and grinding them into flour for tortillas and bread, weaving strings into clothing, making vegetables and meat my father brought home into food, keeping the hearth fire burning, cleaning our hut.  All these things she did every day, she was like any good mother.  But my mother was also different, she was well respected in the village.  As a girl she had learned a secret craft, turning the feathers of brilliantly-colored birds into headdresses and arm bands and belts for the ceremonies of the priest and the caçique and the men of power.  There was one other woman who knew these things, she too was from my mother's birth-village.  But it was said that my mother's fingers felt more love for the birds, and so they gave her the brightest feathers.  That was not really true, it was bird-hunters who brought feathers for her, but that was what was said, anyway.  The feather-things my mother made were always beautiful, and each item took her days to create because she had so many other tasks.    
When my mother was making her feather clothing, she would sit cross-legged and lay her feathers on a low table my father had made for her.  She kept the feathers in many little clay urns, separated by their length and their colors.  For a long time I did not understand why she kept the jars in certain rows, but after I was five or maybe six and had seen many rainstorms, I came to understand that she kept her feathers in rows like the colors of a rainbow. One thing my mother never let me do was touch her feathers, not even to help her sort them when the hunters brought them, or to put them away.  
"This is a woman's craft," she said to me, shooing away my fingers.  If I tried to grab her feathers, she would catch and squeeze my hand until I stopped.  "Who knows, when you go to be initiated as a boy, you might turn into a girl instead!"  I did not like to think of myself wearing a skirt and carrying water from the river and burning my fingers making tortillas, and so I never really tried to take her feathers.  It was only teasing that I did.  
My mother would lay out many feathers on her table, and strings of all colors, and then she would choose this feather or that one and place them closest to her.  I saw this happen many times, saw her make many things, and never did I hear her say any magic or spells.  Never did I hear her call upon wicked spirits or the lords of the night.  There were only feathers, and threads, and her long fingers moving slowly to make things that powerful men wanted.  Some women said she must be calling upon spirits to weave her feathers, but this was not true.  Those women were only lying, it was their resentments alone that moved their tongues.  
Because my mother made these things for the powerful men of the village, our family did not have to bear burdens that other families did. Others had to give maize, or fruit, or fish, or woven cloth, they had to send sons and sometimes daughters to work for the village for part of each year.  Because of my mother's feathers we did not have to pay these prices, and sometimes our lineage was even given sweet cacao from the village orchards, when others had none.  Still, my parents never spoke foolishly of these things, never boasted.  I think my father prayed that my mother's secret craft would bring luck to his lineage, and that was why he did not tempt ah-Puch and the lords of the night with arrogant words.
  
Here is another discussion about insects and animals, a little more must be said about these beings that fascinated me in my little years and taught me so much about life.  Our lineage-compound was near the edge of the jungle, and many sorts of insects came there:  black rock-scorpions and brown tree-scorpions, shining ma’kech beetles and prowling mantises. Twenty kinds of spiders come into the village, jumping spiders and web-making spiders and drop-from-the-ceiling-next-to-you-at-dinner spiders, and people do not drive them out for fear of offending the goddess ix-Ai, whose children they are.  And spiders eat roaches and mosquitoes, so they are welcome for this.  Shield bugs live by the streams that go past the village, and their green shells are paid for by some young women who use them in earrings and necklaces.  There were dung beetles, rolling their nasty dinners right through the village, and there were lightning-bugs flashing in the night.  Dragonflies came into the village, and people cursed them, for they are said to bring bad luck.  And this is the truth I learned about insects: they are killers and are killed without end.  Every animal eats insects, even other insects, even animals much larger that should be hunting bigger food.  Everywhere they were pounced on and devoured, everywhere they were casually destroyed.  It is said that is why their mother, ix-Ai, births so many of them.  It is because insects are tiny, and annoying to other creatures, or pleasing to their bellies.  Truly, Lady Insect has a hard place in this world!   
Because our village is on the great river, there are many birds there, but even when they landed inside our lineage-compound I did not go near them. I was fearful that if they dropped a feather on me or brushed me, I might become a girl as my mother had threatened.  So, even though there are beautiful parrots and woodcreepers and toucans near our village, even though the blue heron and the tiger heron and the black-collared hawk are always near the river, I just called to them from a distance and tried to get them to leave feathers for my mother.  I just admired them flying above the treetops on their way to the swamps and the mountains. Only they see the world as the gods and goddesses see it, from their garden in the fifth world high above. 
In the village of Xunich small dogs are raised for food.  Traders who have gone there have said this, and Xunich people who have married into my village say the same thing.  In our village there are fish and turtle pens at the river and pens for ocellated turkeys, but we raised no other animals.  They become sick too easily and die, so it is better to hunt.  Because there are many hunters in the village, there are few animals near.  Anything that could be eaten had learned to stay far away, and anything with beautiful fur stayed hidden when Father Sun's face was out.  Only during rainy season, when men do not go hunting, only when the grey clouds make the days dark and hide the faces of everything, do animals come to dig at garbage heaps at the edge of the village.  Sometimes on those days Atlatla would take me to the trash-piles, and we would see a raccoon pawing through maize husks and squash rinds or an oppossum chewing on pumpkin seeds or a coati licking the rinds of discarded fruits.  My eyes are not animal eyes, and even when animals were close I often could not see them.  But Atlatla saw all of them, he was born with their ways in his heart.  He would point and say, "See by that stump, the fox?"  Or he would suck in his breath and say, "Up in the guanacasta tree, do you see bobilché the margay cat, hunting that stupid sparrow?"  And there they would be, always, animals that only experienced hunters could see.  It is said that in the beginning times the animals could speak, or at least their lords could speak, but none of the animals I saw with my brother said anything to us.  They only made sounds that were not intelligent.  Atlatla said he understood their words, but he was only trying to make me feel ignorant.   
When I was very small I did not go outside my lineage-compound ever, all my world was three big huts with a courtyard between them, and our ancestors’ lineage-shrine in the center of this.  When I was four, however, Atlatla began to take me into the village.  There are twenty-seven lineage-compounds in the village on the river, some have several plazas and are very large, and at the center of all these compounds are the huts of the public men.  There is the hut of the priest, who leads our prayers, and the hut of the caçique, who leads the powerful men.  The wise-woman herbalist is near the village center as well, her hut is down a little trail.  In the east is the mat house, where decisions are made by the lineage-fathers and the caçique, and in the south is the god house, where the private ceremonies of the priest and the lineage-shamans are performed.  The hut of the storyteller is also in the center, southeast is its direction.  The heart of our village is a foot-trampled plaza where festivals are held, there is a fire-circle for storytellings and certain prayers and sacrifices.  Children do not go into the center alone but can stay at the edges and watch people, in this way Atlatla and I learned much.  
And this is what I saw, in the world outside my family:  in the dry season the jungle farmers would take up their axes and go to chop out new fields, and when the brush and trees had dried the farmers burned them to clear their milpa.  Then they took digging sticks and bags of seeds and planted.  After that they only went out sometimes to weed, and finally they harvested their crops into great woven baskets, before the rains came.  Here were the faces of the farmers:  they were lined reddened faces, these were men under Father Sun’s heat all day.  None of them saw a small boy such as I was, they only walked past, murmuring to each other, the fathers and their sons went together into the fields.  
The river-farmers went through the village center, too, those are men who make raised paddies of mud on the river flats and grow their crops just above the water.  Their fields are richer than those of the milpa farmers, but they are sick more often, too:  the spirits of those who have drowned in the river or were eaten by crocodiles are angry at the living because they became servants to the river god and cannot rest.  So in their anger they send sickness to those who spend so much time near the river.  And this is the way of river farmers:  they are never hurried, their fields are close to the village and very rich, they do not have to walk long distances as do the jungle farmers.  But their voices are quieter, they do not laugh very much because of all the sickness they suffer.  
In the dry season, hunters went into the jungle to find ceh the red deer or haleu the paca or tzub the agouti.  No hunter goes out of the village without stopping at the guardian stones to say a prayer and make a sacrifice of palm-leaf animals or incense to the animal lords.  Otherwise those lords will consider their hunting to be mere murder, and they might be killed by peccaries or die in a foolish accident.  Each hunter carries his own special tools, his spear and dart-thrower, a knife of obsidian or flint.  There are bird hunters, too, those who hunt cutz the wild turkey and maxix the muscovy duck and koba the chachalaca.  Bird hunters use blowguns, and for shooting birds with colorful feathers they use clay pellets covered with rubber.  They just shoot the bird in the head and make it silly, and then they pluck feathers.  Foolish bird hunters kill their birds, but wise ones only take the finest feathers. That way the birds may be plucked again later.  Hunters go into the jungle in twos or threes or fours, because one man alone is too easy to ambush.  Kan-koch the fer-de-lance is everywhere, and with his fearsome poison this serpent kills more people than all the other animals together.  They are ah-Puch’s first-born children, it is said, and they have hated us, the children of Father Sun, from the beginning of time.  There is always one hunter watching for kan-koch.  Also, sometimes mighty balam the jaguar becomes crazed and starts killing men, and he can grow very large, indeed.    
There are men in the village who hunt fish and turtles in the great river. These men grow maize and squash and beans like everyone, but in the darkness before Father Sun rises they go to the water and seek food there, with slender fish-spears and nets.  Many people do not eat this food, because they fear river-spirits, but our family ate fish and especially delicious turtles and dumplings.  Our mother did not have turtles in her village in the mountains, and always she was asking my father to talk with the turtle-hunters to secure snapping turtle for our dinners.  Sometimes Atlatla liked to take me to the snapping turtle pens and tap their shell with branches of very hard sapodilla wood.  The beak of the turtle would come out of the shell, and ak’ would open his little black eyes.  Then suddenly his neck would come out, as long as the forearm of a boy, and ak’ would seize the stick and snap it.  Strong men cannot break a sapodilla stick in their hands, but for ak’ it is a small thing.  Atlatla would laugh and tug the broken stick, and then he would let ak’ have it.  I did not do these things because my hands were not quick, and I did not want ak’ tearing off my fingers.  Once I said to Atlatla that he should not do such teasing because Lord Snapping Turtle would see and punish him for tormenting his children, but Atlatla only shoved the stick into my hands right as ak’ seized it, and I was almost pulled into the pen with him.  
"Don't do that, Atlatla," I said, but he only laughed and went back to our lineage-compound.  He didn't even look to see if I was following.  
Very early in the day all of these people were in the village center at once, as they went to work, and there was a noisy hustling of people moving around.  And someone would smack into someone with a tool, and there would be cursing, and Atlatla and I would snicker a little.  When there was fog the whispers and mutterings were unnerving to me, because it was difficult to see anyone, and voices were crushed-down and everywhere.  My brother and I watched people often, because they were interesting and because Atlatla was three years older than me and looking for the path he wanted to walk in the village.  Once he and our father were discussing this, and our father said:  "Choose your path carefully, or one will be chosen for you."    
I think this is what happened to my father, though he never said this.  His oldest brother became a river-farmer and also raised chilis in the jungle, and his older brother was a milpa farmer who every year planted a huge field of tobacco and tended our lineage’s fruit orchard as well. I think my father did not want to be a farmer but did not want to be anything else, either, and so the caçique appointed him as a woodcutter. Only after he came to understand what a poor place that was did he learn to carve wood and so raised his place.  I only think this because of things I heard his brothers say about him.  My father was not lazy, but at an important time he could not make a choice, and the one that was made for him was a hard one.  

In all this time while I was a child, Atlatla and I were alone.  In our lineage-compound there were five girls, the daughters of my uncles, but by the time I was sensible to the world they were learning the ways of young women and were of little interest to Atlatla or me.  So it was Atlatla who taught me everything, it was his hand I clasped when we went to storytellings or ceremonies.  Sometimes women would say things to their children about us, the other children would stare as their mothers told them of our family curse.  Those were painful looks for me, other children’s eyes became large with fear, and it was shame I felt.  Atlatla sometimes stared in at ugly way at these women, and they would pull their children closer or become still and make their own ugly looks at him.  My brother’s eyes were very fierce when he was angry, even as a boy.  Because of this situation I did not enjoy walking in the village and almost never went alone there, without my brother.  

Once I did go alone to the open huts of some craftsmen, to watch them work.  This was when I was six years old.  In our village only certain men are allowed to make canoes, or fine darts, or furnishings for holy day sacrifices and ceremonies.  These men have open-sided work-huts near the village center, where everyone can watch them shape the stone and wood and be sure no spirits are being summoned to do this work for them.  
One of the craftsmen—Chan Ceh was his name—saw me watching him and invited me into his work-hut. When I came in, he gave me a fat mamey apple seed that filled my whole hand.  
"Here," he said, "Watch my son, and then do as he does.  Maybe this is something you would do well."  
His son was ten years in this world and had just chosen his own path as a craftsman.  He was polishing a round table of dark, fragrant mahogany, by rubbing it with a mamey apple seed just like mine.  He used the shiny part and not the flat side, and with much rubbing the wood was becoming smooth.  
"Yes," I said.  "I can do this."  
"Do it, then," the son said.  He was laughing at me, in his eyes.  I rubbed the wood just as he had, but even when I rubbed for a long while, hard, it did not polish.  There was some trick that he knew, some little spell, maybe, that they did not show me.  I grew tired, and my hand slipped a little, and one of the spines of the seed scraped the polished part of the wood.  
"Hey!" the son said, and I shouted, 
"I didn't mean to do it!" and Chan Ceh shouted, 
"Hey, little howler!  This is a place for people, not monkeys!  If you can't talk like a person, run back to the trees and howl with your own people!"  Chan Ceh thought he was clever, because the clan of my lineage is the howler monkey clan.  So I threw down the mamey apple seed and ran out of that work-hut, and I never again thought of the path of the craftsman as my own.  

When I was five or six I became aware that many children in our village were dying.  My parents talked quietly about these things, but children hear everything.  Babies died of pustules and fever, girl children died of seizures and gurgling lungs, boy children died of drowning in the river and twisting in the belly that made them scream until they grew too weak to live.  There were many miscarriages among the women, always there was this mother grieving, or that one.  Even my own mother miscarried three babies.  One was before she had Atlatla, and then there was another between him and me, and again when I was three.  All of this dying was frightening to me, I was not certain why some children died and others did not.  When I asked my mother, she told me it was the spirits of the evil winds that bring suffering, and their masters the lords of the night.  But our ancestors in the standing stones fight to keep them from the village, and the priest drives them away with his prayers. My mother took me to our ancestors’ shrine, in the center of our lineage-compound, and had me touch the stones there.  Now I was protected, she said, and her words took some of the worries from me and drove the fear from my dreams.    
Because of all these things I saw and did when I was a child, I grew to understand the place of the insects and birds and animals in the world. I came to know the paths my father and uncles walked, and I saw the paths of people in the village, and I learned how things were for our lineage.  But it was not until I was six years in this world that I understood the place of our people in the eyes of the gods and the goddesses.  

It was the priest's work-son, Akbal Nik, who spoke to my father and told him there would be a ceremony for the infant Kan Xul.  That was early in the evening on the day 17 Keh 12 Kan.  He came as my mother was cooking tamales, when my father was sitting in front of our hut carving a plate, and I was inside resting.  
"There is a ceremony, on 12 Mak 1 Cauac," Akbal Nik said to my father. The priest's work-son was a young man, only a year past his river ceremony, but his voice was strong, and when he spoke, men looked at him.  "It is for Kan Xul."  I looked out of our hut then and saw him looking right at my father, and the eyes of Akbal Nik were black and piercing and frightening.  
"Is there anything to bring?" my father asked.  
"Copal incense, prayers," said Akbal Nik.  "Itz day colors."  Then his eyes saw me, just for a moment, and I moved back into the doorway.
"Very well," my father said, and Akbal Nik went on to another hut.  
My father spoke to my mother about the ceremony but did not tell Atlatla or me what it was about; he just said we were going to a difficult holy day ceremony and should be quiet there.  Ten days before the ceremony he stopped eating chilis and stopped drinking cacao and did not smoke any more cigars.  Five days before the ceremony, he stopped eating anything but sacred bread.  Atlatla wanted to join him in his fast, but our father said, "These are men's burdens."  When Atlatla refused food from our mother anyway, our father grabbed his arm and squeezed until tears came from Atlatla's eyes.  Still my brother just sat on his mat, glaring at the fire, until our father let him go.  I did not understand my brother when he fought with my father in this way.  Atlatla was born on a K'awil day, which should have made him wise, but his way was that of Chicchan serpent people, who are stubborn.  Maybe it was one of our ancestors who hardened him like this.  

When the day of the ceremony came, my father's oldest brother woke us before Father Sun rose.  He did not stay with us but went back to his own family, and we put on white clothing and covered our faces and hands with white skin-paint.  My father painted a teardrop of yellow under our eyes, and then he painted black curls at the corners of our mouths.  I asked Atlatla what the tears and curls were for, but he did not know, and our father only scowled.  We picked up our sitting mats, and our father took up many balls of copal incense wrapped in maize husks. 
When we came out, my father's brothers and their families were already lined up one after the next and walking past our hut.  My family joined the line behind them, and we walked through the village.  Along all of the trails the other lineages came, in long lines, shuffling their feet and looking straight ahead.  Only a few babies cried.  There are eight hundred people in our village, everyone moved very slowly, and Father Sun rose before we reached the river hill.  Over the river flew parrots and yellow-tailed oropéndulas, disrespectful of the holy day with their noise.  
The river hill is north of the village and rises above a wide place in the water.  Its top has been flattened for ceremonies, and the north guardian stone for the village stands in the center of the flattening.  When the families arrived at the hill, everyone unrolled their mats and sat.  The place of my lineage was near the river on the east side of the hill, and I could see across the water to a flat wallow where ain the crocodile lives.  There were more than twenty of ah-Ain's children in that place, already they were warmed in Father Sun's light and were moving into the water.  
At the top of the river hill stood the priest, whose name was Puksik’al Tok.  He was a large man in his years of strength, and that day he wore a white robe and sandals of jaguar hide.  His headdress was shaped like a crocodile’s head, and from the back of this rose a tiny tree with white flowers. In his hand the priest held his staff of red chacté wood, with a golden sun on top. 
"Look at the priest," Atlatla whispered to me.  "He is a wooden-head."  Our father knuckled him in the ribs, and Atlatla gasped and was quiet.  I did not laugh with him; even then I knew it was not wise to laugh at the priest, for the gods see through his eyes.  
When everyone was seated, the priest began the ceremony.  He threw many balls of copal incense into the fire-pit and chanted greetings to the gods and the goddesses.  During this time I was watching ain cross the river, ten crocodiles swam toward the river hill.  Usually they did not come close to people, and I pulled at Atlatla's arm to show him, but he only elbowed me to stop.  Then I could not see them, because they were behind the hill.  
The priest took a stingray spine, and this is what he did with it:  he pierced the skin between his thumb and finger.  Then he dropped the spine into the fire and walked among the people, and each lineage-father raised his hand to receive the blood-touch of the priest.  
"This is the day 12 Mak 1 Cauac, a day for bringing things to an end," said the priest.  "The gods and the goddesses are watching."  
"We are their people," murmured the lineage-fathers, and then each declared his lineage’s name and clan.  There are twenty-eight lineages in the village on the river, it did not take too long for the declarations, and then the priest returned to the standing stone and bled himself a little more into the fires.  I looked for the crocodiles but did not see them.  
The priest raised his hands to Father Sun and began a new chant, and the lineage-shamans chanted with him, all around me their voices were raised in old words from our ancestors.  Then the priest’s work-son made a small motion with his hand, and each lineage-father went up to the fire pit and fed his lineage’s incense to the gods and the goddesses.  This feeding took more time, Father Sun rose high before the last copal was devoured.  Only then did the priest stop praying.  
"This is the way of babies," the priest said.  "They are born of the seed of the mother and the father, they are born of our ancestors and the gods and goddesses.  In the time of the great cities, we are told, all the babies were fit, all the babies were strong.  But our fathers turned from the sun and the moon, they turned to ah-Puch's path, and sometimes ah-Puch amuses himself by injuring us.  He just laughs when we weep.  
"This ceremony is for the infant Kan Xul, who was born without light in his eyes.  One year it has been since his birth, but he does not see, he does not hear, he does not move when touched.  ah-Puch broke this one, and it is time to return him to the great tree to be born again."  
"What is he saying?" I said, and my father rapped the top of my head.  I was shamed then, and silent.  
Now one of the lineage-fathers came up the hill with a bundle in his arms, it was a baby in a blanket of white cloth with yellow itz-tears woven into it. He turned the baby this way and that so that everyone saw the mark on the little forehead; with his own red blood the lineage-father had written the sign “V”, the split earth ready to receive new seed.  The priest received the baby-bundle and blessed the lineage-father, who went back down the hill.  
"This is Kan Xul," said the priest.  He held up the bundle, but it was hard to see the baby’s tiny face.  "Today is his one year day, his naming day.  If ah-Puch had not broken him, he would have grown and become a boy, and a man.  He would have chosen his path and married and had children of his own.  He would have served Father Sun well and brought pride to his family and his lineage.  
"But none of those things can be.  The gods and the goddesses have been consulted, and they have asked for this infant to be returned to them, returned to the world tree," said the priest.  "So this is our purpose today, to pray for him to be reborn to his lineage in a strong body, with a strong spirit.  It is through the river portal that Kan Xul is returned, it is through the path of ain that he returns to the tree."   
The priest turned from the people and walked behind the acantun, to the side of the hill facing the river, and he raised the infant bundle in his arms and tossed it into the water.  There were hissing roars from the crocodiles, and many women began to weep, and the faces of the men were saddened.  Then the priest came back to the people side of the hill and said a short prayer, and he spread out a white mat with yellow itz-tears on it and knelt before it.  On the mat he performed a divination with his light-stones and seeds.  Once, twice, three times he divined, and then he said, 
"Kan Xul has reached the world tree.  It is the lord of lineages who will see to him, now."  And he said a prayer to the god ah-K'awil, all the fathers and mothers of our village chanted with him, and in the river I saw a scrap of white blanket floating away.  Finally the priest said, 
"Tonight is a mourning night.  Do not be in the jungle after dark.  ah-Puch will be looking to deepen our misery."  Then everyone stood, and one by one the lineages returned to the village.  

I had heard many stories of the lord of the night and how he corrupted and destroyed our ancestors in their cities.  I had heard those stories with a child's ears, with a child's heart, and I had not understood them as truths but only as stories for amusement.  But that day, when I saw suffering on so many faces, when I heard the words of the priest and saw the opening of the portal to the world tree for the infant Kan Xul, I felt cold, in my heart.  ah-Puch had reached into the womb of Kan Xul's mother and twisted her baby and broken it, and the baby’s mother and father could do nothing to prevent this.  Their lineage-father could not stop this attack, the guardian ancestors in the standing stones had not stopped it, the priest was powerless.  Truly I felt tiny, walking through the village after the ceremony, fearing that ah-Puch was looking at me and my brother to kill, next.  
When we returned to our hut I had to speak.  It was my father’s words I needed, though I did not often ask him for explanations.  For most things Atlatla was the one I spoke to, or it was my mother who received my questions. 
“The priest is very strong,” I said to my father.  I do not know why those were the words I chose.  The shivering in me just came out that way.  
My father said nothing.  He wiped the white face-paint off and then handed the towel to my brother.  
“Why do you say that?” my mother said.  She was making tortillas and beans for us, and we were on our mats, waiting.  
“Ain the crocodile is very strong.  Only a man who is even stronger could use him as a messenger to the gods and the goddesses,” I said.  
“Or a man who loves ain more than babies,” Atlatla said.  
“Be quiet,” my father said.  "The caçique is walking the village tonight." 
“Then let him hear.  There is no law that everyone must love the priest.” 
“Atlatla!” my father said.  "There is a law saying that those who criticise the men of power can be fined or caned.”  
My brother clenched his teeth and said, "This is your own hut."  
My father slapped his mat with his hand.  "I said speak quietly, son." 
Atlatla punched his own mat and looked down.  
"If you admire the priest, maybe you should think about that path," my mother said to me.  "He might be looking for another work-son, now that Akbal Nik is a man."  
"I am only six," I said.  
"You should start looking for your path," she said.  
I had not told anyone what happened with the craftsman, and I only said, "Yes, Atlatla and I are looking and thinking."  
"I am thinking," my brother said.  "You're just looking, little brother."  Then I smacked Atlatla, and he smacked me, and our father laughed.  
Because my father was pleased at our squabbling, I did not say anything about ah-Puch or the cold I had felt at the river hill ceremony. This fear stayed buried in my heart, there was no way to bring it out before my father. 
After the river hill ceremony for Kan Xul I began to watch the priest. It was his strength I wanted to understand, and so I risked the humiliation of being told to look away.  Children did not stare at the priest.  But by pretending to watch birds or animals or other people, I came to see his life in the village.  Puksik’al Tok was in his ripening years, with a few white hairs, and his black eyes saw everything.  His skin was dark, for his father’s mother was from Xunich.  He was taller than most men, and when he walked he looked not at the world, like a child, but at other people.  This was the shape of his face:  it was squared, with a large mouth that always seemed tightly closed and turned down at the corners. His ears were pierced with great holes and hung far down with jade plugs.  Around his waist he wore a belt of ain's hide from which hung little bags full of priest things:  picture-stones, roots, tiny carvings of animals, herbs.  The priest wore sandals of the strong hide of ain the crocodile, no one but he and his work-son could wear such sandals, and around his neck he wore a feathered string holding a small crocodile of green jade from the time of the city.  He did not wear this during ceremonies, but all the rest of the time it was there, a sign of his power and his path.  
And this is what I saw, watching the priest: always he was moving, always he was thinking, always he struggled for our people against ah-Puch and his servants.  On days when my mother and I went to see Father Sun rise, Puksik’al Tok was already at the east acantun giving copal incense and dropping scented flowers into the sacred fire.  In the evenings he went to the west acantun to see Father Sun into the underworld, and on holy days he pierced himself and burned his blood for the gods and the goddesses.  When people were ill, it was the priest and the wise-woman herbalist who were called to drive away the spirits and restore the sufferers.  
Here, too, was the way of the priest:  he conversed with the lineage-fathers, he talked with the wise-woman herbalist, he discussed with the men of power.  He sat in the mat house for the meetings of the clan-fathers and the lineage-fathers, and it was said that his voice was second only to that of the caçique.  I did not know why he talked to these people so often.  I thought he was telling them they were too lazy or too stupid and that they had to work harder or think before they did things.  These were words my father said to me sometimes, and what was a priest if not someone who brought the scoldings of the gods and the goddesses to powerful men?  
There were two other responsibilities of the priest, these were performed with the knowledge that had come to him from the time of the city.  Sometimes he came to the story circle and passed around sacred stones that had come from the city.  The stones were flat and square and small enough to fit in my child’s hand.  On each were little pictures, carved into the stone.  These were parts of animals, and knots, and hands, and many other things.  During certain stories the storyteller would pause in his telling, and Puksik’al Tok passed around stones and said things like, 
"This is the sign of ah-Puch, as our fathers set it down for all time." 
In this way I learned that the pictures were words, they were one way our fathers shared their wisdom, through time.  When the stones were handed to me I stared at the pictures until they floated in my eyes, even after I passed the stones to someone else.  This knowledge was strength from our ancestors, and so I learned the meanings of the picture-words.  All of them were names of gods and animal lords and creatures of ah-Puch, and two twenties and ten was their number.  
The other knowledge the priest received from our fathers was his magic. There are many men and women in the village on the river who divine the future and keep the holy days; there is one for almost every lineage, even a small lineage like mine.  People go to the lineage-shamans and ask questions, and they pay with some maize, or a turkey, or woven cloth.  But only the priest can divine for the men of power and the caçique.  On certain days he divined for the whole village, as he did to discover that the soul of Kan Xul had gone to the world tree.  He made little piles of seeds and light-stones and murmured his prayers, and he called to spirits and ancestors, and they showed him what would be and gave answers to problems in the village.  
This, too, is the magic of the priest:  on each holy day, on every holy day, he went with flowers in his hands to the five acantuns and knelt and took down the old flowers that hung on the standing stones and put up the new ones.  His work-son went with him, and together they prayed for the safety of the village.  This ceremony I saw myself, many times, and it is true that the priest and his work-son were always attentive to their duties to the gods and the goddesses.  

I have already spoken of the river hill ceremony and the magic the priest performed there.  It was because of that ceremony that I stopped being a foolish child and began thinking about our village and the people in it.  When I spoke with Atlatla about my thoughts, he did not want to hear.    
"The priest is a man of power, and telling people what to do is what he loves," he said.  
"He gives blood for the people, he renews the flowers and says the prayers and leads the ceremonies," I said.   
"He does those things to receive cacao, and jade, and feathers from our mother and the other woman," he said.  “He only pretends to care.” 
I had not heard words like those from Atlatla before, he spoke them bitterly and with anger.   
"He was chosen by the gods and the goddesses," I said.  
We were walking along the edge of the jungle when we were talking, and he turned to look at me, and his eyes were fired:  
"It is not a strong man who feeds babies to crocodiles, it is a terrible man. If he is so strong, why do so many children die puking up blood? Things are not like this in Chacwitz, our mother says.  Things are not like this in Xunich. The priest just wants his things, and he says pretty words, and people die anyway."  He was careful to be quiet, his voice was only an ugly whisper. 
"Our mother says I might be a good priest."  
"Our mother can not see what would be good," he said.  "You don't know her yet, you are too little.  In truth our mother’s heart is far away, and she cannot see us at all."  
Those words were even more bitter than what he said about the priest, and I hit him, then, for saying so many hateful things.  He struck me hard and knocked me into the dirt, and we fought there at the edge of the jungle. It was the growling of an animal that made us stop, the low growl of coh the puma or uch the lynx, maybe.  The animal was very close, and we ran from that place back to the hut of our father.  And that was all I said to my brother about my thoughts, for a while.  

At the end of my sixth year one of my cousins married, this was the youngest daughter of my father's oldest brother.  This girl had sometimes given me delicious fruit tarts, and I was not pleased to see her taken away by her husband to live in his lineage compound.  Because she was a youngest daughter, the lineage of her husband did not want to pay a bride service price for her.  They gave many packets of cacao for this girl, and packets of medicinal herbs, and some chocolate as well.  There were carrying baskets given, and woven clothing and obsidian blades.  But my father's oldest brother was not pleased with a pile of things, and even though he lost that daughter to the lineage Yax Tun, it is true that her husband had to come and work in our fields and orchards for two years.
The Three Hunters and the Dead Boy

This is the story of three hunters who disobeyed the words of the priests and came to sorrow.  Here they are, then:  Tokpakal, whose name means "Flint Shield," and Seebtok, whose name means "Fast Flint," and Atlatla, whose name is the same as the dart thrower.  Those men lived in the time after the cities died, after ah-Puch defeated our fathers and destroyed everything they had made.  They were the sons of the sons of the people who abandoned the cities.  
Since Tokpakal was in the ripeness of his life, it was he who led the other two into the jungle to hunt.  He was no longer as fast as the other men, but there was not a track that he did not know, not a sound that he had not heard, not a path that he had not walked many times.  All of the great trees, he knew.  All of the marker stones that our fathers had placed on their roads, he knew.  So every day he rose before Father Sun and prepared his spear and his knife and led Seebtok and Atlatla into the jungle.  Those three always said the proper prayers to the hunting spirits and made proper sacrifices of palm-leaf animals before they left their village.  Then they hunted cutz, the ocellated turkey, and ceh, the red deer.  They followed the prints of homtochac, the armadillo, back to his burrow, and they speared tzub, the agouti.  They even hunted coh, the puma, and balam, the jaguar, sometimes.  

There was a day early in the rainy season when Tokpakal woke Seebtok and Atlatla and led them to the place where the paths of the village became the paths of the jungle.  There they said their prayers and made their sacrifices.  
"What animals shall we hunt today?" Tokpakal said.  
Seebtok said, "Ceh, the red deer.  He is fat now and will be delicious."  
"Balam, the jaguar," Atlatla said, and the other men laughed.  He was the youngest hunter and loved best hunting coh and balam.  
"If we hunt balam, you can eat his flesh," Seebtok said.  "Let us find sweeter meats, instead.  haleu, the paca, is tasty, and k'i'xooch, the porcupine, has meat which is nourishing.  Take uban the rabbit to the unmarried women, and see if their reward is not more pleasing to you than an armband of balam's hide."  
Atlatla only clapped his arm in the place where he wanted an armband.  Tokpakal wore two armbands of balam's hide, and Seebtok wore one armband of his own.  Atlatla was seventeen years in this world, and always he was looking for balam.  
"Ceh, then," said Tokpakal.  "We will go to the river, where the tender moss grows.  That is where we will find him."  

These are the three hunters walking along the river, watching for ceh the red deer as Father Sun rises over the eastern mountains.  Since it was rainy season, the valley was covered by dark clouds, and Father Sun's light only came through as a glow or as fingers touching the tops of the trees.  The river where they were was silent and slow-running, and the white morning-mist hid the water.  In the reeds, ceh had left many hoofprints, but they were old.  He was no longer there.  All that morning the three hunters followed the tracks between the dried stalks, watching the water for ain the crocodile.  
Tokpakal's feet were silent.  His legs were thin, old man's legs, and his sandals hardly sank into the mud.  He knew how to walk quietly.  His dark eyes saw everything in this world, and maybe he saw into the third world, and even the fifth world.  Some old people are like that.  Their eyes see more than the eyes of the young.  
Seebtok was not as silent.  Most of the time he was quiet, but sometimes his sandals rubbed the stalks and made brushing noises.  In time he would grow wise, but he needed more years to ripen as a hunter.  He looked at the river often.  "Where is ain today?" he said.  "He lives near this place.  If he comes out of the water, I will spear him.  He chased the women away from the river yesterday and frightened them.  He needs to be reminded of his place."  Around his neck, Seebtok wore an amulet of jade shaped like ain, and he rubbed it often.  But ain did not come out of the water, did not come out to fight.  He stayed hidden, and Seebtok did not see him.  
Atlatla's feet were noisy.  He placed them carefully, like Seebtok and Tokpakal, but still his steps were falling trees, were lightning bolts in the ears of the older men.  The mud sucked at his feet, and he swatted reeds out of his way with his spear.  All those reeds rattled and shook and rustled.  He pretended to be looking for ceh, but really he just watched the tree branches, where balam likes to rest.  He was looking for orange hair and golden eyes.  
The hunters were not alone, there by the river.  Skou, the blue devil mosquito, pierced their skin, but they only slapped him and killed him.  D'ru, the sand fly, stabbed them, and they rubbed the bleeding places and cursed his buzzing.  Maax, the spider monkey, saw those men walking along the river and threw rotten fruits on them.  He called to all his brothers and sisters, and they laughed at the hunters from the tree tops.    
"Maax's meat is tasty," Seebtok said, and he hurled darts into the trees.  But in rainy season the treetops are dark, and maax is very hard to see.  Seebtok's darts were only lost.  Atlatla also hurled darts, but they just went past maax's head and between his legs.  They just whisked away to some other part of the jungle.  
"Save your darts!" Tokpakal said.  "Ceh will walk right past us, and what will we do then?"
"Maax is crazy, anyway," said Seebtok.  "He just laughs all day.  Anyone who eats his flesh might become the same way."  
So the hunters went past that place of crazy monkeys and left maax behind.  

They did not go far before they saw the tops of the temples, over the trees.  They could see the pyramids of the city of our fathers.  That was where the tracks were leading them.  
"Be watchful," said Tokpakal.  "Spirits live in the city, and they look like animals, sometimes.  Do not throw your darts until you know what you are throwing at."  
There were many tracks from ceh, and the hunters followed them closer to the buildings.  
"See," said Seebtok.  "Ceh knows we will not go into the city.  So he lives there now."  
"These tracks are new," said Atlatla.  "Ceh is not far ahead.  Shouldn't we follow him to the edge of the city and see if he is there?"  
"We should look for other animals," Tokpakal said.  "Hixu, the honey bee, has a large nest near here.  We can take fat combs of honey back to the village, and everyone will be pleased."  
"If I do not come back with meat, my wife will laugh at me, behind her hand," said Seebtok.  "Honey is not hunter's food.  Surely not all these tracks go inside the city."  
"Why don't we just go to the edge of the buildings?" said Atlatla.  "We won't go inside."  
Tokpakal saw that those two were not going to release ceh easily.  "We can follow a little farther," he said.  "Perhaps ceh is only testing us, to see if we are truly deserving."  They followed the tracks along a creek and between some hills, and then the hunters were at the edge of Kimitun-nal, the city of our fathers.  There were no trees growing in the stone plazas, no flowers or vines on the pyramids.  The city was as it had been when our fathers left it.  Only the lintels of the doorways were different, where birds had built their nests.  
"That is the magic of our fathers, keeping the jungle out," Tokpakal said.  "There is old magic in the city, and much of it is wicked.  Only the priest may walk safely on these stones, and even he does not come often."  
Seebtok and Atlatla only stared.  In all his thirty years, Seebtok had never gone close to the city.  No hunt had ever taken him there.  He said, "Eight thousand of ah-Ceh's children could hide in this place, and we would never find them."  
"Look over there, on that temple-mountain," said Atlatla, and he pointed with his spear.  The other men looked, and there he was, great balam, resting high up on a pyramid.  His tongue was hanging out, and his paws were crossed.  He was just watching those men.   
Tokpakal said, "He knows we cannot hunt him, there."  
"Look how big he is," said Seebtok.  "His fur is an armband for Atlatla, and another one for me.  His spots would be a headband for you, Tokpakal, and gifts for our families.  His tail would be a fine gift for the cacique."  
"That place is madness, and death," said Tokpakal.  "Don't you see whose temple that is?"  
Now Seebtok and Atlatla saw the dark stones of the temple.  They saw the masks of the Broken-Faced One.  That was ah-Puch's temple, and balam sat atop one of ah-Puch's masks.  
Atlatla said, "I can spear him from here, and he will fall right off that mask.  We can run over there and bring him out before ten heartbeats pass."  
"Your father would be proud of you," said Seebtok.  
"Your father would weep, if you were made crazed," said Tokpakal.  "And you, Seebtok, do you want your wife to be alone?  Do you want your children to be without their father?  Who knows what could happen to you, in such a wicked place?"  
Balam heard those words and growled at the hunters.  
"Look at him," said Seebtok.  "He does not respect us.  He does not fear our darts or our spears.  He is taunting us.  We should teach him to respect our strength."  
But Tokpakal said, "We should show him that we are too wise to fight him here.  We can hunt him another day, when he is away from these tainted stones."  

Who knows how things would have been, if Tokpakal's wisdom had carried the three hunters away from that place?  But it was not wisdom which took the men forward, it was the dart which Atlatla hurled at balam.  He did not wait for the older hunters.  He did not say words of thanks to ah-Zip, for bringing balam to him.  He only thought of his own want, his beautiful armband.  His obsidian dart pierced balam's heart.  It just went through his ribs and killed him.  He fell off that mask and died on the plaza, with blood running from his mouth.  
"This is what Father Sun wanted," Atlatla said.  "Would he aim my dart so true, if he did not want us to take balam back to the village?  Look at him, Tokpakal.  He is the greatest balam taken in many years.  Is his fur not beautiful?  Is he not pleasing?  We cannot leave him there."  
Tokpakal shook his head and looked to Father Sun, but his face was hidden by the clouds.  Tokpakal was left to decide for himself.  So he looked at the plaza, and he looked at the tombs at the corners of the plaza.  He looked at the masks of the black stone temple.  He looked at the city going on as far as he could see, and he looked at dead balam.  
"Go," he said.  "Run, very fast.  Do not look at the buildings.  Do not listen to any sounds.  Only look at the ground.  I will wait here; I am too old to run.  Hurry."  
Away ran Atlatla and Seebtok, with a spear and cord to sling up balam's body.  They ran across the stone plaza and squatted next to balam and placed the spear between his legs.  They started to tie his feet together.  
That was when they heard a sound.  It was a small sound, a whispering sound.  It was the sound of a child's voice, laughing softly.  All three of them, even Tokpakal, looked toward that strange sound.  There in the dark doorway of the temple was a yoom kaax, a pale spirit from the time when the city died.  It was a child spirit that was broken and twisted by ah-Puch's magic.  
Seebtok stood and tried to throw his spear at the yoom kaax, but the spirit only looked at him and whispered his name.  It had heard them talking.  It knew everything.  It caught Seebtok, with its eyes, and he could not move.  The spear fell from his hand.  
"Run, Atlatla!" Tokpakal shouted.  "It has Seebtok.  Run, now!"  
But Atlatla did not run.  It was too late for him.  For he had looked at the yoom kaax, too, and after it had Seebtok it turned to him and said, "Be still, Atlatla.  Forever still."  And Atlatla, too, could not move.  
Now there was only Tokpakal, alone.  He took a dart from his quiver and put it in his atlatl.  That was an ancient dart, with a red flint head that was chipped by his father's father's father.  The feathers of the dart were the red feathers of mo', the scarlet macaw.  That dart had great power, and it would have pierced that spirit, if he had hurled it.  But Tokpakal was old, and his arms were not fast.  He raised his atlatl, and the yoom kaax leaped through the air.  It leaped inside Seebtok.  It went right into his head.  
"I said run, Atlatla!" Tokpakal shouted one last time, and his voice was strong.  While that spirit was inside Seebtok, while it was busy, its hold on Atlatla was weak.  Atlatla heard Tokpakal's voice and forgot everything else.  He forgot his spear and his cord.  He forgot dead balam.  He forgot about his armband.  He just tried to run away.    
The yoom kaax was too fast.  It poisoned Seebtok's head, so he couldn't think any more.  He could only do what the yoom kaax wanted.  He picked up his spear and stabbed Atlatla in the back with it.  He pierced the young man's heart.  
  
At last Tokpakal's old arms moved, and he hurled his dart.  It struck Seebtok in the head and killed him, and he fell onto balam.  The yoom kaax came out of him, through his open mouth, like mist.  It turned into a broken boy again.  
"Old man," that spirit said.  "I cannot come to you, out there in the jungle, but my power can reach you.  Hear these words, then, and weep:  
Listen, blood, lymph, bile
Listen, muscles, flesh, bone
Now you become mine
Now you obey me
You will bite your wife
You will poison your children
You will savage your cacique
You will murder your priest
Until the spears of your own people pierce your heart
Then that spirit laughed and went back to its temple.  It didn't walk like a person.  It floated up the steps like a feather on a breeze.  It went inside the temple and disappeared in the shadows.  
Tokpakal ran from that place.  He threw down his spear and his flint knife and ran like a young man.  He did not stop, did not rest.  His hands turned to claws, and his teeth turned to fangs.  He prayed, and he wept, and he cursed those younger men for not listening to his words.  All the way to his village he ran, shouting for the priest to come, begging for the priest to end the curse of the yoom kaax.  
The priest came out of his hut and met Tokpakal at the western edge of the village, at the guardian stone.  The priest saw what had happened, and he raised his staff against Tokpakal.   
"Stop," said the priest.  "You can no longer enter this place, Tokpakal.  For now, you are still yourself, but you will change.  You will become crazed.  You will kill children and old people, everyone you can touch.  There is no magic that I have to save you from such a powerful curse.  There is nothing more for you, here.  So turn, now, and run.  Run, and never be found."  
But Tokpakal did not run, at least not into the jungle.  He did not want to leave his people.  He did not want to abandon the place of his ancestors.  So he ran straight for the hut of the cacique.  He bared his fangs and raised his claws and made animal noises, and the hunters struck him with their spears.  They slashed and stabbed him.  Then the cacique came out of his hut with his red-tipped spear from the time of the city and struck Tokpakal in the heart and killed him.  The people made a great fire and prayed, and the priest burned Tokpakal's body.  Many balls of copal incense were thrown into that fire, with many feather headbands and armbands of balam's hide.  In the morning, nothing was left of him.  There were only his weeping children and grandchildren, and his old wife, alone in her last days.  

That is why no one goes to the ancient city, any more.  Our ancestors brought ah-Puch's corrupted magic to Kimitun-nal, and now it belongs to the hungry spirits, and the dead.  
Sprouts
This is the path Atlatla was seeking, when I was seven years old:  that of the hunter.  When we walked together in the village it was not the people he spoke of but the succulent birds, fat pacas, roast deer.  In his visits to our father's milpa he saw many animals, and he learned their names and became clever in their ways.  Sometimes he would sit by hunters when they were cleaning their kills at the edge of the village, and from those men he learned where to spear the animals and how to clean them and prepare their meat.  Our father made him a blowgun from cane, and Atlatla practiced shooting leaves and twigs and insects.  Boys are not allowed to shoot birds or even snakes, nothing greater than insects, for boys do not know the ceremonies which must be said and the sacrifices which must be made when killing animals.  
I had a blowgun, too; my father made me one when he made Atlatla's, but in my hands this object was not useful.  Though I shot many pellets, little was struck by them, and after a few months I set my blowgun aside and did not use it again.  
Atlatla was given a dart-thrower by our father, too, but good darts are difficult to make or expensive to buy, and he did not want to use it.  
"I'll learn when I'm a hunter," he said.  
"You won't walk far down that path, if you can’t use an atl-atl," our father said.  So my brother cut and carried twenty bundles of firewood to a craftsman who makes darts, and for this sweat he received ten darts that he shot at targets of reed in our lineage-compound.  Only once did he aim his dart-thrower at a person, who was me.  This was just after Father Sun showed his face and we were standing at the edge of the jungle looking for animals.  Some hunters saw us, and one of them said, 
"Hey, fool!  You'll get a caning, if we see that again!"  There were four hunters in that group, they all looked at Atlatla in an ugly way, and he coughed and pretended he was aiming at some leaves over my head.  I had not seen him aiming at me, but after that I did not walk in front of him when he had his dart-thrower.  
On the day 14 K'ayab 4 Imix the boy K’an Siit died of evil worms.  They were in his brain, it was said, so his eyes were always bloody, and one day he slept and did not waken.  He was nine when this happened, he was my brother's age.  The priest could do nothing for him, and his family burned his body on a day of low, grey skies.  

6 Sek 5 Etz'nab was the day Atlatla would have turned ten years old and declared to our lineage-father his desire to follow the path of the hunter. But on the day 4 Sotz' 9 Cib, twenty-two days before my brother's birthday, something happened to turn him away from that direction.  
This was where the event occurred:  in the hut of our father, after our evening meal.  Father Sun was disappearing in the west, shadows were filling our village, and already I was on my sleeping bench and facing toward the wall.  Atlatla came into our side of the hut, and I thought he was going to sleep early, too.  I heard him breathing, behind me, and he made soft laughter, and my eyes were closing when I felt the heavy body of kuluch the giant cockroach fall onto my neck. Then his legs dug into my skin, and he ran up my neck and onto my face, and I screamed.   I tried to knock kuluch off but only struck the wall and pushed myself off my sleeping bench. 
It was then that the dirt embraced me, it was then that my head hit the wooden bench.  This was the tearing of my scalp, the opening of the finger-long gash, there is blood splashing onto the bench and the floor.  Great was the amount of blood, my neck and arms ran with it, it went down my face and chest in zigging stripes.  My mother came to see what had happened and made a choking cry, and my father came as Atlatla's laughter dried up. And then my father's face became so purple that I forgot my own hurt and only stared at him.  He whacked Atlatla with the back of his hand, the blow made a terrible sound, and my brother’s nose and mouth broke open, and there was new blood on my father and Atlatla and my bench.  Drops of his blood fell even onto me and kuluch, who was running very quickly away.  
"What are you doing, fool?" cried our father, and it was not anger in his voice but fear that I heard.  Then he shoved Atlatla so that he fell onto his own sleeping bench and lay gasping there.  
My brother could not speak, he could only raise his hands in a weak way, and our father said with his voice hoarse, “You and your brother are our lineage, son, you are the only ones, don’t you understand this?”  
My brother began to weep, then, the tears mixed with the blood and streaked down his cheeks, and he just made little sounds in his throat.  
“Atlatla,” our father said, and anger came into his voice, then.  “Atlatla CabCoh.”  He walked in a little circle and then fell onto my brother so that the air burst from Atlatla's lungs.  And he pulled Atlatla's head back by his hair and leaned toward him until their eyes were very close.  “In twenty-two days you must choose a path, you must accept some responsibility,” said my father.  “You will learn to act like a man, son, and not a fool.  I must teach you, and you must learn.”  He lay there on my brother for many heartbeats, breathing heavily, and Atlatla closed his eyes and wept, and my head and my heart were aching, and suddenly I wretched up everything I had eaten for dinner.  
My father stood and said to my mother, “Get the wise-woman herbalist, pay her whatever she wants,” and this is what I remember, right before the darkness sucked me away:  that my father caressed my head, he caressed my neck.  He lifted me up with great care and said my name and wiped the stinking mess from my mouth with his hand.  Then he sang a prayer for me, but I could not see him, my eyes were closing.  It is my father's fear that I remember, it was his misery for our lineage and the curse that lay on us.  

For thirteen days I was sick.  It was poison in my blood that sickened me, the wise-woman told my father and mother; some wicked spirit had poisoned me when I was cut and weakened.  Because I was only a boy the priest did not come, the wise-woman is strong enough for boys, and she bathed the rip in my head and sealed it with herb paste.  During those days I often felt great heat in my body, and everything I looked at twisted this way and that.  Sometimes Atlatla's voice was there, but I cannot remember what he said.  There was often the touch of my mother, and maybe my father squeezed me sometimes, but I cannot truly remember.  The wise-woman came every day, sometimes more than once, to rub on more paste and give me small bundles of nasty herbs to eat.  
On the ninth day of my sickness, as my intelligence was returning, my mother did a strange thing.  My father was out in the jungle, and Atlatla was staying in the hut of my father’s oldest brother.  I stood up to walk around a little and came out from behind the cane screen that closed off the part of my father’s hut that was for Atlatla and me.  My mother was cooking our dinner, and when she saw me, she set down her cooking spoon and looked at me for several heartbeats.  I was very thin, and shivering from weakness, it was hard to walk or even stand.  My mother reached into the darkness of the shelves where her feathers were kept in their little pots, and when she drew out her hand she held two long, green tail feathers from k'uk', the quetzal bird.  Then she came to me, and I smelled her scent when she was near.  I had never thought about this before, but my mother had her own scent that I knew and that brought me comfort in my fevering.  
She looked down at me and stroked my face with the feathers, but I could not enjoy this pleasure because of the clouds that lay over her eyes.  
"It is said that when a good person from the mountains dies, the flying quetzal lifts their soul to the garden of the gods."  Then she smiled and stroked her own face with her feathers and raised them over her head, flying away.  The strangeness in her voice frightened me, and I hugged her legs and said, 
"Don't fly away, mother.  Don't fly away."  
She stroked my face with the feathers, again, the soft tips went even over my eyes, and then she lifted them up, flying away.  
"Shhh," she said, and she let her arms sink down to her sides.  I could see in her eyes that her spirit was far off, maybe in the mountains, maybe flying with the quetzals in the mists.  I was afraid for her, because it is said that evil spirits can capture or kill the souls of people when they leave our bodies, but in my weakness all I could do was go back to my bench and lay down and sleep.

As I became sensible again, as the wise-woman drove out the blood-poison demon, I realized that almost nothing was being said in my father's hut, the voices were stilled.  My father went into the jungle as always, and he did not return until late each evening.  Atlatla was staying in the hut of my oldest uncle, as I have said, and my mother would tell me nothing more of this.  She cooked our meals and made feather earrings and a feather necklace for the wise-woman herbalist, and often she brought me soft fruits to eat and warm maize froth to drink.  When I was stronger I walked around inside my father's hut, and after this I took short walks in the village.  And here is what I saw:  that none of the other children would come near me.  They went around me, they looked at me in fear.  For the men, nothing had changed; I was only a boy, and they still did not notice me.  The women were not this way; their eyes narrowed when they saw me, and they watched me when I was close to them or their children.  The blood-sickness had made me weak, and it was difficult to grow strong again under these hard stares, so it was the courtyard of our lineage-compound that received my sandal-stomping and not the village, after that. 
On the thirteenth and final day of my illness my father came to my sleeping bench.  When I smiled at him he just nodded and seemed satsified. After that it was as before, where I was the unseen youngest son, no other words passed between us. 

Three days before Atlatla was to declare his path to our lineage-father, he sought me out.  That was on 3 Sek 2 Men, a day for harmony with one’s ancestors.  It was early in the morning when he came to me, I had walked to the east edge of the village and was waiting for Father Sun to rise and share his strength.  Atlatla had not gone into the jungle with our father since the stupidity with kuluch, and I had not spoken with him for all those days, and when I saw him that morning he looked peaceful and content.  
“Now, while there is no one to see us, I have some things to show you,” he said.  His voice was unusual, because he was talking quietly; my brother’s voice has always been loud, and sharp.  I felt nervous and did not want to hear what he would say, but he went around me and onto a path into the jungle, and slowly I followed after him.  
“This is the way to our father’s milpa,” he said.  
“I know that,” I said.  The path turned south, and there were cleared places on either side where fields were planted, and there were skinny trails that went off to other milpas.  I had never been in the jungle and did not like it.  The thick air smelled of rotting soil and too many plants and too much rain without clean light.  The trees and bushes were close, and many of them had thorns, and the vines brushed my skin like the fingers of vicious spirits.  Father Sun was coming up, but in the trees it was only a short distance I could see.  There were shadows behind the lit places, shadows beyond the trail, and I did not know many of the animal sounds I was hearing.  Everywhere were ix-Ai's children, insects were on the plants and the trail and crawling on my feet and zuzzing around my ears.  I wanted my blowgun, even if I couldn't hit anything with it, and I saw that my brother did not have his blowgun or his atl-atl, and I became very fearful.  
"His milpa is off that way, on that path," Atlatla said to me after a time, and he pointed, but I could not have told that path from any other.  "Here is his mark."  And he showed me a sign on a tree where the path began.   
"I didn't know our father had his own sign," I said.  
"He paid the priest to teach him how to cut his name," Atlatla said.  
I had never heard this, and I looked again at the sign.  It is such signs that name gods, and spirits, and heroes, and ancient places.  
"What does the priest want, for such knowledge?" I said.  It was my own name I wanted to learn, to cut this into wood or other objects, or write in blood or colored ink.  
"Ask our father."  
Then we left that place and turned on a side trail to the north.  It seemed like a long time we were walking, but in truth I just didn’t know the way and did not like being outside the guardian stones.  We came to a road laid down in the jungle, a road of huge black stones that was partly covered with grass and weeds.  Twenty paces wide is the heft of the road, twenty paces of a young boy.  There was one spot where the road was a little wider, that was where the trail came out, and in the center of that wide place was a standing stone made of blackened rock that had once been white.  The road was filled with Father Sun’s glory, and I pushed past my brother to get out of the jungle and stand in the light.  I was very tired from walking and had to put my hands on my knees and rest.  
“That marker was carved by our ancestors, from the time of the city,” my brother said.  “Look.”  We walked up to the stone, and carved on the front and back were men.  The rock had been chipped away so that the pictures were higher than the rock around them.  On one side was a man dressed in jaguar skins, and in his hand was a spear, and he wore a growling jaguar mask.  Under his feet were crouched people, he stood on their backs, and their faces were full of unhappiness.  There were picture-words on the stone, in rows and columns, and I touched these but could not understand them.  
“Who are they?” I asked.  
“Our forefathers, who do you think?  The priest could read these words, but he would lie about what they say.”  
“Why?” 
“Now, look over here,” he said, and he went around the stone.  
The picture on the other side was different:  it was the same man dressed as a priest, and he stood beside a fire and tossed droplets of something into the flames.  There were many picture-words, more than on the other side, but I could not understand those, either.  
“See there,” my brother said, and he pointed at something above the trees.  When I came next to him, this is what I saw:  white stone gleaming above the swaying treetops.  The trees of the jungle are taller than ten men, it is said that in places they are taller than twenty men, but the roof combs of the temples of our fathers stood above all of them.  It was my heart I felt rising, then, like my mother's quetzal dreams, flying into the city.  There was the place of all the stories, it was the home of my ancestors, my oldest uncle could name men of our lineage from that place.  
I had risen onto my toes to see better, and suddenly Atlatla pushed me hard so that I stumbled back.  He no longer looked contented.  His face was hard, and he said, 
“I am going away.”  
“What?” I said.  
“I am going to Chacwitz.  I’m going to live in our mother's village.”  
“But—”  
“I have told our lineage-father.  The mat conversations are finished.  Today I tell our father.”  
I felt sickened to understand that I would be alone in our village.  It was the looks of the women I felt, their watching me with hardened eyes.  
“There is nothing for you in Chacwitz,” I said.  “Our family is here.”  
“I am not staying here to be beaten every time our father is angry.  I am not staying to watch the priest feed babies to crocodiles and people admire him for it.”  
“That is not how it is,” I said.  
“Hear me now, little brother, because no one else will tell you these things.  Find a path of strength to walk in the village.  I am leaving, and powerful men will be watching you.  Many lineage-fathers hate our lineage. We remember the time of the cities, and they want to forget the cities.  They are hoping we will die out, they are hoping we are the end of our family and our line. If you don't find a place of strength they will grind you down and devour you through little humiliations.  This is why our father is fearful, he knows what they are thinking and cannot stop them.” 
To these words I could say nothing.  The men of power must answer to the gods as do all people, what could they do but wait and see what the gods decided for our lineage?  
He put his hand on the back of my neck and squeezed until I felt limp, like a kitten in the mouth of its margay-mother.  
"Find a path of strength," he said.  Then he started walking swiftly down the black road, and I trotted behind him.  Soon the stones turned into a trail that took us into the village behind the mat house.  Father Sun had risen only a little way, but already his light poured into the village and breathed life into everything, and we returned to the hut of our father, where our mother fed us.  
Later that day my mother took me with her to visit some bird hunters from howler monkey clan and barter for feathers while Atlatla and my father talked.  When we came back, Atlatla had returned to the hut of our lineage-father, and his things were gone from our father's hut.  

On the day 6 Sek 5 Etz'nab my brother declared his choice to our lineage-father and our father:  he would go to Chacwitz and seek a path in that place.  Our lineage-father said that a group of hunters was leaving for Chacwitz in two days, and Atlatla could go with them.  That day was 8 Sek 7 Ahau, a good day for men and boys to do things.  Atlatla said "Let it be done" to this, and our uncle performed the ceremony to burn away the child in him and let the boy sprout.  
That evening our mother and our lineage-mother prepared a small feast, and all the people in our lineage came to visit.  Since there are no feasts given just for boys, it was said that this was a lineage-feast, though that was not a day for such things.  Each guest brought a little gift for Atlatla.  There were darts for his atl-atl and a warm blanket for mountain nights.  There was a rabbit-fur tunic for the cool days of rainy season and sandals with tough cords for the long walk to Chacwitz.  My father gave him a set of wooden dishes marked with the signs of our fathers for thirteen generations, and our mother gave him a carrying basket for his things.  And this was my gift:  it was a couple of miserable clay pellets for his blowgun, to disappoint him and keep me in his thoughts.  
The next day Atlatla stayed in our father’s hut and ate with us, and my mother told him of Chacwitz.  There are not so many people there as in the village on the river, she said, maybe thirty twenties people in that place, and there the women were the powerful ones.  This I did not understand, but it was what she said.  The women have their own mat house, there are lineage-mothers who are like our lineage-fathers.  The people grow maize on terraces cut into the sides of the mountains, and they hunt.  My mother told him the name of her lineage, and she thought her family would give him a place to stay.  Our father told him to send blades, for there is fine obsidian in the mountains, and my mother asked for feathers, especially from the quetzal.  My brother said he would send these things if he could. It was a strange day of talk, Atlatla was acting like a man and not a boy.  That beating from our father was a great amount of heat, and it ripened him very quickly.  All these things I thought but did not say.  It was resentment I was feeling, so I asked him for nothing from the mountains.  Perhaps he saw this, for he turned from me and did not say any words at all.  In the evening he and our father went into the village to visit other people in howler monkey clan, and I was asleep when they returned.  
On 8 Sek 7 Ahau we rose very early, and my mother made a huge breakfast and fed us.  When the hunters came, Atlatla took up his carrying basket and spear-thrower.
"Dream of me," he said, and my mother nodded, and I saw that her spirit was far away.
"Watch for kan-koch, that damned snake is everywhere," our father said, and he squeezed my brother's shoulder.  This was my father’s face:  it was sorrow that was there, his eyes were sunken like a sick man's.  
Then my brother glanced at me, and his eyes narrowed, and I thought of his bitter words at the standing stone.  Maybe things would be better for him in Chacwitz.  Maybe away from our lineage curse he would find contentment.  “Good-bye, Atlatla,” was all I could say.
"Go," said the oldest hunter, and they walked away, toward the west. They had to canoe across the river, and then it was three days walking through the jungle and into the mountains to reach Chacwitz.  My brother’s dart-thrower was the last I saw of him as he went away.  

During this time of troubles in my father’s house one of my cousins married, this was the oldest daughter of my father’s older brother.  This girl was pleasant and strong in her health but was not a good weaver, and everyone knew she was not very intelligent.  That was an arranged marriage to a man in the Ektun Sotz’ lineage, which is powerful.  He was also not very intelligent but was not cruel, and so the parents just arranged everything. That young man had to work in our lineage’s fields and orchards for three years, and his family gave gifts of obsidian blades, chilis, woven clothing, and cacao, as well.  The marriage ceremony was in the Ektun Sotz’ lineage compound and was pleasant, but in truth I thought only about my brother’s going away and was not very attentive to the marriage.  Once this cousin married she was taken from our lineage and passed out of my life forever.  

On the day 0 Yaxk’in 13 K’awil, the woman Ha’ Na died in childbirth, and her infant died not long after.  The priest and the wise-woman herbalist fought for her, they fought the spirits that came to take her, but there were too many, too strong.  Her body was burned in her lineage-compound, and her family gave many sacrifices to their ancestors and the gods and the goddesses to see her soul to the garden of the gods.  The priest read the signs and said that her soul had not arrived there, the spirits had probably seized it, but it is difficult to know these things for certain because ah-Puch is a liar who can foul the signs of other gods.  Other people said Ha’ Na was definitely in ah-Puch's palace in the underworld, because the child that killed her was not by her husband, but these were only ugly words, no one knew for certain.

Once Atlatla was gone my father did not speak of him unless my mother spoke of him first.  Then he said a few words like, “I hope he is fighting with your father and making him miserable,” or, “Maybe they can teach him to shoot darts, up there.”  In spite of these words he began to drink many gourds of cactus wine and stayed out in the jungle until late in the evenings. He embraced two work-sons from other lineages in howler monkey clan and taught them the ways of trees and wood, and their fathers paid for this teaching with fine cigars and blistering chili paste.  In the mornings my father went out to work his milpa, and in the heat of the day he returned for sleep and wine and my mother's food.  Many afternoons he just sat on the stump in front of our hut, drinking wine and looking toward the mountains.  After the hottest part of the day was over his work-sons came, and they went into the jungle.  
Because my father worked hard and took two work-sons, he could buy many lush feathers for my mother, and she made new cuffs for him, for the holy days.  These were the colors of the cuffs:  crisp yellow feathers for my father's ripeness, thick red feathers for his old lineage and his man's heat, fluffy black feathers for the spirits of our ancestors, and two small green feathers for Atlatla and me.  These things my mother said to me as she worked, as her fingers brought together the feathers and stitched and knotted colored threads to hold them.  All her feathers were symbols, every color had its signs and portents.  I do not know why my mother gave me this knowledge, I never asked for such understanding.  Maybe she felt the hush that wrapped around me after my brother went to the mountains, and her words were to brush some of it away.  
Two was the number of kinds of silence that tried to smother me once my brother was gone:  there was the silence of no one to speak to about boy’s matters, and there was the silence of the people of the village on the river.  Sometimes my mother tried to talk with me about boy’s concerns, but because she knew nothing, I could not converse with her.  After this she spoke instead of feathers, and she told me little stories of talking animals and jungle monsters and other interesting things.  Her words drove away great boredom, and even though she merely spoke and I merely listened, each tiny bit of new knowledge fed me for another few days.  
Much uglier was the quiet judgement of the people outside our lineage. The hardness of their eyes and the closing-snap of their mouths pushed me away, this began when I came near and ended only when I was leaving.  It was because Atlatla went away in such a strange manner that people were speaking of our lineage again, it had been years since a boy went to the mountains, by himself.  When people poured their silence against me, I could not open my own mouth for fear I would drown.  Even children acted like this, certainly it was their mothers who taught them, small children like myself learned to drown me in this way.  Walking in the village remained very painful, and I only went to watch Father Sun rise or set.  
My seventh birthday came, but instead of being pleased I lay sweating all that night because I thought the silence would strangle me.  I could no longer hear myself in my head and could no longer raise my voice in the world.  Many days I went to the huts of my father's brothers, with their wives and unmarried daughters, to hear their talk.  But those girls were too old, they were seeking husbands and did not much speak with me, and my father's brothers were men with many burdens who only said small things to me sometimes.  All I could do was sit and listen to their conversations. Sometimes my aunts would ask little questions about my days, and I would gasp for air and startle them, before I spoke.  I know they talked with my mother, but I do not know what was said.  I was never welcome for women’s talk.  

On the day 6 Keh 2 Etz'nab ah-Puch’s demon-servants tried to murder me.  It was my weakness that drew them, such spirits always know where their teeth will sink deepest.  That evening a baby was stillborn, and the cries of the family's grief came out of their hut into the village.  Their wails were very loud in my ears, and I walked away from the sounds of the grieving people, all the way to the eastern side of the village and the path toward the city of my fathers.  Even there the weeping seemed loud, and I stepped past the east acantun and onto the jungle trail.  My back was to my people, and there was a new rustling sound from fallen leaves in the jungle not far away. It was cabcoh, I thought, a kinkajou was eating a fruit, and I decided to go a little way and see her.  
These were the sounds I heard when I went closer:  heavy padding on leaves, and a squeaking noise.  These are not the sounds of cabcoh, and I took only one step toward them, off the path.  In a hollow place between bushes were shapes moving, but I could not see them clearly.  Then a puff of wind came from the west and opened the leaves, everything was revealed. 
And this is what I saw:  it was balam the jaguar, with his hair the color of Father Sun, and he was thin and wet and miserable-looking, and his eyes were shot with blood and weepy with pus.  And on his back was camazotz the death bat, the blood-sucker, clinging to his fur and tearing at his neck with its teeth. Blood was on balam's shoulder and soaking down his leg, camazotz was feasting on him.  Then those two realized I was there, they both looked at me.  These were the eyes of camazotz:  tiny and red and evil. His nose looked crushed, his ears were crinkled and hairless, his mouth was a blooded snarl.  And these were the eyes of balam:  green and full of pain. It was his breathing I heard, wheezing and ragged, he could not save himself from ah-Puch’s servant.  In my own weakness I did nothing, I did not know words to drive away camazotz, nor did I have any useful strength.  Balam closed his eyes, and his legs folded, and he fell onto the earth.  And camazotz shook its head and gaped, I heard its squeaking laughter, and I fled that place before it came for me.  
I told no one of this disgusting thing I had seen, I could not say I had been outside the village.  When I awoke the next day I thought someone would be talking about it, surely hunters had found dead balam when they went into the jungle.  But nothing was said, no one talked of such a thing.  Later that day I went back to the bushes, but there was nothing there.  I feared the blood-sickness was coming back and bringing fever-dreams, and I rested that day and the next day.  After that there was mercy from the gods and the goddesses, and no new horrors were revealed to me.

The lords of time are marching, now, each carries the burden of days and sets it down, and their brother or sister takes it up and carries it on.  I did not go outside the village again but stayed inside the acantuns and learned to walk without my brother, learned to survive on the words of my mother and my father and my father's brothers and their families.  Many times I dreamed of what I had seen at the acantun, and when I heard men talking of balam or camazotz I listened for knowledge but heard nothing to explain what I had seen.  

On 9 K'ank'in 6 Imix the child Yax Um died of running sores and fever. She was seven, this was a pretty-faced girl who smiled even at me and my brother when everyone else pretended not to see us.  She liked to put pale blue flowers in her hair and was always pleasant and cheerful.  Her body was burned in the courtyard of her lineage, and though only her own people were there, her ashes rose above us all.  My mother and father said little about this, but I grieved for her and her flowers.  

When Atlatla had been away for half a year, some traders from Chacwitz brought word of him.  He had been given a place in my mother’s family and had sought the path of a treeclimber, one of those who ascends fruit trees and brings back the sweetest and ripest fruits.  Each village has its own orchards for fruit, but there are also wild fruits in the jungle, and many people desire their different taste.  There were no words for why he left the hunter’s path and sought this new way.  He sent things, four obsidian blades for my father and four quetzal feathers for my mother.  For me he sent a strange thing, a tiny feather-bundle that smelled of old moss and dead frogs.
“It is a charm,” my mother said.  “It drives away evil winds and envy.” 
“It will drive everyone away, with that stink,” my father said, and his hut was filled with laughter for the first time since my brother went away.  
When the traders left our village, we sent things with them for Atlatla:  good valley tobacco and darts from my father, warm clothing from my mother, and from me a small sandal I made, to show him I was seeking a strong path.  In truth it was a whistle I wanted to send him, a whistle with no holes or reed, to demonstrate for him the silence he had left for me, but this was just an ugly idea that died in my head, it was not realized in this world.  
On 18 Kumk'u 4 Oc the hunter Wax Ha' was bitten by kan koch the fer-de-lance out in the jungle and died.  Two other hunters returned his body, and he was burned in the center of the village that same day.  Almost everyone came to the burning, to call his spirit out of the jungle.  The priest wore a skull headdress I had never seen before, his body was sooted black and almost naked, and with his eyelids painted red he looked like a spirit and was frightening to see.  He spoke of Wax Ha' as a strong man and a good father, and with his prayers and dancing he called the hunter’s soul back to our village.  Many people chanted with him, six hundred voices were raised, eight hundred voices were raised.  Even children called out for the hunter’s soul to return.  When the priest performed his divination, he said that the soul of the hunter had indeed come from the jungle and gone through the fire-portal to the garden of the gods, and so Wax Ha’ was saved from those spirits of ah-Puch which enslave unlucky souls that get lost in the jungle.  

Not long after my eighth birthday I watched our lineage-father perform a divining for his younger brother, my uncle.  The day was 7 Yax 3 Kan, a day for ripening and thinking about fields and orchards.  The divination was in our lineage-courtyard, next to our ancestors’ shrine, and I was allowed to watch.  My oldest uncle set down his little divining table and covered it with a cloth, and then he sat cross-legged facing north, the direction of wisdom.  His brother sat across the table from him and set a pouch of tobacco on the table, it was a little sacrifice for the fires, and then he leaned forward and quietly whispered a question into our lineage-father’s ear.  Our lineage-father brought forth his pouch of seeds and light-stones, and he touched this to the four sides of the table and to the center, and there were words he said, but I could not hear them because he only murmured.  After this he said:  
“There is a question of fields for this man, for this sprout of our lineage: would a second orchard be as rewarding as the first?  I ask this in the name of our fathers who planted our fields, I ask this in the name of our fathers who planted our orchards, I ask on this day of choosing wise paths.”  
He looked east and said, “I call red crackling-lightning from the fire in the east.”  
And he turned west and said, "I call black forked-lightning from the darkness in the west."  
And he faced north: “I call white bolt-lightning from the northern storms.” 
And he made a motion of throwing something over his shoulder and said, “I call yellow sheet-lightning from the swamps of the south.”  
Finally he touched his own chest and said, “I call green blood-lightning from inside my own heart, to guide me to an answer.”  
Then he opened his pouch and poured from it a handful of dried red seeds and small light-stones of the kind that are sometimes found in the river or traded from Chacwitz.  He mixed the seeds and light-stones and said a prayer, and then he made little piles of seeds and counted the days:  “Four Chicchan, five Cimi, six Manik...”  
I understood that he was counting the holy days forward, one day for each pile of seeds.  And when all the seeds were in piles he said, “Lord Caban, this is your year, this is your question, what is your word?”  He waited for a time, and then he grunted as though agreeing with someone.  
He poured more seeds from the bag, and he counted, and he repeated, “Lord Caban, this is your year, this is your question, what is your word?”  
For a long time he closed his eyes.  Then he said, 
“Here are the words of the divining:  if planted now, a second orchard will be weak and troublesome for three years.  After that it will be generous.”
His younger brother demanded another divining, but it was done, the answer was given.  My uncle stood and left his older brother in anger, it was clear he wanted to plant immediately and not wait.  
My lineage-father put away his seeds and saw then that I was mouthing the words he had said, I was naming the holy days, and there were strange tingles in my legs and my face.  He dropped his pouch of seeds and came quickly to me and clapped his hand on my mouth.  
“Never,” he said, with strong fire in his eyes.  “There is much training first, never call the earth lords and spirits without such training.  Don’t tell me you are as foolish as your brother, doing without thinking.”  
Those words stung very hard, I was shamed that my uncle thought this way of me and my brother, but now I understood the power of the holy days, that even speaking their names could bring changes.  I would not forget this, even though I was only a boy, only eight years in this world.  
On the day 14 Mak 5 Chuen, I was sick at heart and had to rest all day.  When I woke that morning I saw my brother's sleeping bench, and it was empty, and his blowgun and atl-atl were gone, and the sickness came upon me then.  All that day I groaned and shivered, and my mother tended me with steaming cacao and burning chilis.  She stroked my face and my ribs with quetzal-feathers and sang quiet mother-songs, and I think she did this because she knew it was sickness from the mountains that was upon me.  After that I was better, it was a one-day seizure.  

My eighth year in this world was passing when I heard something that helped me understand what had happened with balam and camazotz that day in the jungle.  It was the night of 15 Muwan 7 K’awil, and though it had rained all day there was no rain that evening.  So the storyteller hung a mask in the center of the village, and when the people gathered at the circle he told the story of what happened to the first babies in this world, how they were abused by their parents and suffered from animals and ah-Puch’s cruelty.  Every time there is a 7 K’awil holy day this story is told, if there is no rain, and I had heard it several times before.  But that day the words truly came into me, and I listened to the storyteller as he spoke of how balam the jaguar sometimes serves his father ah-Puch and carries out his wickedness in this world.  Sometimes, however, balam chooses to serve Father Sun, and so he is punished by ah-Puch.  
It must have been such a punishment I had seen that day at the east acantun.  The death bat is always ah-Puch’s servant, and it was sent to murder that jaguar for refusing to serve the night.  There was no dead body because ah-Puch took it, to mock and abuse in the underworld.  Though I understood this, I was fearful that I was shown such a thing, that there was a west wind to open the branches and show me this foulness.  The west is ah-Puch’s direction, he or his servants wanted me to see this punishment.  I did not know why they wanted me to see, but it could not be a good reason, it was wickedness they were planning for me.  
The thin laughter of camazotz squealed in my dreams many nights after that; I slept poorly and woke fearful and prayed often to Father Sun and Mother Moon and my ancestors for protection.  During this time I remembered the charm my brother sent, I had buried it in my lineage-father's courtyard because it stank so much, but after these dreams I thought that somehow my brother knew I would be afflicted and had sent the pouch to ease my sleep.  And it is true that once I began to wear it around my neck these evil dreams ceased, and in their place came a sadness because Atlatla was thinking of me but was so far away.  That hollowness was not so terrible, because it reminded me of him, and it was far better than the laughter of camazotz and the ugliness of the killing of the jaguar.
The  Time  the  Babies  Grew  Fangs  and  Hunted  Their  Parents

The first people in this world did not know how to raise their babies.  When Father Sun made them he made only men and women in their strength.  He did not make old people, and he did not make babies.  When Mother Moon taught those people to love each other she did not tell them about babies.  So when the babies were born no one knew what to do with them.  They did not know that babies need to be cleaned and fed.  They did not know that babies need to be talked to and carried from place to place so they can see this world.  They did not even know that babies would grow up to be men and women.  That was how ignorant they were.  All they knew was how much pain it caused women to bear them and how noisy babies were.  
People became angry with their babies.  "We try to get them to speak, but they say nothing.  They only gurgle.  We try to teach them the many tasks there are to do, but they are too weak to help us.  We try to feed them roast meat and tasty hard-maize, but they do not like our food.  All they do is cry and scream and make messes.  This will make us crazy!"  So they took the noisiest babies to the river and tossed them in for ayin the crocodile to eat.  
"This is better," the people said.  "Listen!  No more noise.  Look!  No more messes.  From this day any baby that cries will be fed to ayin.  We have thought of a very good solution to this problem of babies."  And the people clapped each other on the back for their cleverness.  
But the remaining babies were very unhappy.  "This is not fair!" they cried.  "We have traveled so far to be born into this world, and see!  Our own parents do not want us.  Maybe we should just go back to the Milky Way."  But of course they could not speak words.  They only cried and shook their fists and angered their parents even more.  The people took the rest of their babies to the river, but ayin had eaten so many babies that he was no longer hungry.  So they took those babies into the jungle and hung them on branches and left them there.  K’aaksinik the red fire ant climbed the trees and chewed on them.  Coh the puma came along and bit their hands and feet.  The animals gnawed at all of them, every one, while they were helpless.  
There were twenty babies dangling, these were their names:  
K'uk'umpakal, or Feathered Shield	Saknik, or White Blossom
Hunk'aak', or First Fire	Hunpib, or First Sacred Oven
Yaxch'am, or New Harvest	Yaxnaina, or New Maize House
Hunch'ok, or First Sprout	Hunkan, or One Serpent
Chakk'aak', or Great Fire	Hunitz'at, or First Artist
Yaxpak, or New Dawn	Chactok', or Red Flint
Hunatlatla, or First Spearthrower	Saksihnik, or White Frog Flower
Saktok, or White Cloud	Yaxuncoh, or Bird Puma
K'annik, or Precious Blossom	Chakum, or Great Bird
K'aak'chan, or Burning Sky	Yaxnaab, or Fresh Water
"Please help us!" those babies cried to K'ansih the golden toad, but K'ansih only hopped over them and soiled them.  He was hungry and was going to the river to eat insects.  
The babies cried to Mo' the scarlet macaw, "Please take us down from these branches!  Help us find food and drink!"  But Mo' only plucked out their bright eyes to line her nest.  
"Won't you take us back to our parents?" the babies cried to Batz' the spider-monkey.  "Won't you talk to them for us and tell them what we need?"  
Batz' laughed.  "What foolish things you are!  Who would want noisies like you?"  He just smacked them around and pulled their hair out.  Then he swung off laughing through the trees.  
Now the babies understood that the animals were not going to help them.  They understood that they had been left in the jungle to die.  Most of them just cried and cried, but one was stronger than the others.  His name was K'uk'umpakal, or Feathered Shield.  That strong baby climbed right up a great ceiba tree and called to Father Sun, "We have been abandoned by our parents in this awful place.  We are hungry and afraid.  Won't you help us, Father Sun?"  
But Father Sun did not want to hear.  The gods and goddesses had noisy babies of their own, and he did not like their crying.  He was not going to listen to the crying of those people babies, too.  He turned his back to them, and they were cold.  
"Mother Moon!  Mother Moon!  Can't you see how we suffer in this world?" K'uk'umpakal shouted.  "Would you make a place for us in your garden in the fifth world?"  
But Mother Moon had already raised her own babies.  She was not going to bring up people babies as well.  She could not even say some comforting thing to make them feel a little better, since it was her husband's face that filled the sky.  She could not answer them at all.  
The baby in the treetop did not give up.  "ix-Chel!" he called.  "Lady Medicine!  We are cold and frightened down here in this world!  Our eyes have been taken, and our hair has been pulled out.  We have been chewed by Chacsinik and bitten by Coh. Won't you assist us, with your herbs and poultices?"  
But ix-Chel did not help them.  She was away in another part of the world helping to birth new gods.  She did not hear that baby.  She did not show her face.  
K'uk'umpakal climbed down the ceiba tree and said to the others, "No one will help us.  The animals do not care.  The gods and goddesses do not care.  We will have to find our own way in this world."  

Far off in his dark palace in the underworld, the Lord of the Night, ah-Puch, heard that baby speak.  He heard anger and bitterness, and that ugliness sang to him.  Long ago at the beginning of time he had tried to destroy the seven worlds that his brother, Father Sun, had made, but Father Sun had defeated him and thrown him into the underworld.  He too knew anger and bitterness.  So when he heard those babies, he knew he could plant black seeds in them.  He could raise them in his own way and use them against his brother.  So he left his palace to travel to those babies and talk to them.  When they heard him coming they were very frightened.  Even babies know the footfalls of ah-Puch.  
"Now we will die," they said to each other.  "Most likely our flesh will be eaten, and paper wasps will fill our skulls with their nests."  
"Wait," K'uk'umpakal said.  "Don't give up.  Let us hear what ah-Puch has to say."  
This is the arrival of ah-Puch, he looks like an old man with a wide-brimmed hat with a leering little bird perched on it.  His face is like a kindly grandfather, no claws or tusks are in sight.  Rich are his black clothes, there are silver threads and gold in his wrap, his cuffs and sandals are brightly feathered.  There is a fat cigar in his mouth.  Its tip glows, and grey smoke twists up from it.  He stands there and looks those babies over.  
"There has been terrible injustice," ah-Puch said.  Those were his first words, and they pleased the fearful babies.  "I can see that you have been wrongly treated.  How have you come to such a sorry turn in the path?"  
"Our parents put us here to die," those babies said.  "The animals would not help us.  They plucked out our eyes and pulled out our hair and bit us.  The gods and goddesses did not answer our prayers."  
"Oh," ah-Puch said.  "Truly this world is cruel when the gods and goddesses will not answer the prayers of babies!  But hear this, now.  I will help you.  If you wish, you can come to my palace, and I will raise you as my own."  
"We need new eyes," said K'uk'umpakal.  "We need hair.  We need food and drink."  
"I have many servants to create these things," ah-Puch said.  "You will not want."  
"We will go with you, then," the babies said.  They were agreed, all at once.  
ah-Puch spread a great net on the ground, and the babies crawled onto it, and he bundled them up and carried them to the darkest grove in the underworld.  His servants were all around there.  Balam the jaguar sat on the lintel-shelf above the doorway of ah-Puch's palace and licked his paws.  Ayin the crocodile swam in a pool of rotten water that surrounded the place.  Perched on the roof were the birds that kill children with poison spittle, Motancaz and Tzitzmotancaz are their names.  They saw those babies and drooled.  But the babies had no eyes to see those servants, so they were not afraid.  

In the feasting hall of his palace ah-Puch put his net down and let the babies out.  He bade new hair be brought for them, and balam pulled tufts of hair from his own body and stuck them on the babies' heads.  Those hairs grew into the babies as though they had always been there, stuck-up patches of orange and white and black.  Then ah-Puch commanded that the babies be given new eyes.  Kan-Koch the fer-de-lance slithered from the shadows and spat up old snakes' eyes.  ah-Puch himself popped those into the babies' eye holes, and they could see again.  Because of the magic of the god they saw only the face of an old man, his broken face was not visible to them, and his servants looked like smiling young women.  
"Thank you!" the babies said.  "Now we can see, and we have…um…hair, again.  But we are very hungry.  We are very thirsty.  Might you be willing to feed us and give us drink?"  
"Of course," ah-Puch said.  "Haven’t I said as much?  You only have to wait a little while."  
Far off in the jungle Balam killed a woman as she took water from the river.  Wicked spirits drained her blood into drinking bowls and took those back to ah-Puch.  Balam dragged the woman's body back to the palace and tore it into small pieces.  Then that raw meat and drink was served to the babies.  
"This is not milk," said K'uk'umpakal.  "What will happen to us if we drink such stuff?  And what meat is this?  It is tender, but it smells strange."  
"This sustenance will give you strength and help you to punish those who abused you," ah-Puch said.  "This food is the meat of justice.  This drink is the cacao of joy, for your suffering has ended.  Now throw those wrong-headed questions into the river, and eat and drink."  
These words soothed the babies, and they forgot their questions.  As they drank the blood, their mouths changed.  Their teeth grew into long fangs that oozed poison.  Their ears fell off and left only small holes, and scales grew on their faces.  Their tongues became long and thin and forked at the end.  
"Look," Kan-Koch said.  "They are becoming so handsome."  
"Only to you," Balam said.  "Wait and see how my gifts strengthen them."  
As they ate the meat their bodies changed.  Balam's hair on their heads grew to cover all their skin and became thick and long.  They hardly looked like babies at all.  Only their fat cheeks looked like those of babies.  
"What have we become?" K'uk'umpakal said.  "We look so strange!"  
"You look like my children, truly," ah-Puch said.  "Now you can teach a lesson to those people who left you to die."  
"That is what we will do!" the babies said.  "They will wish they had never left us in the jungle.  They will be sorry they threw our brothers and sisters into the river for ayin to eat."  
"Good!" said ah-Puch.  "When you are finished with them return to me, and I will teach you everything you need to know about living in this world."  

So those babies went through the jungle on all fours like Balam, and sometimes they crawled and rolled around like Vidaz.  They spoke to each other in animal noises.  
"Those people shouted at us," one of the babies said.  "They spanked me all the time."  
"The people who brought me into this world did not even clean me," said K'uk'umpakal.  "They left the birth blood on me for days, and the flies bit me.  Now we will see who suffers."  
As they ran through the jungle, they clawed and tore the animals.  They found K'ansih and dribbled and punted him.  They caught Mo' and pulled the feathers from her face and broke her jaw.  They chased Batz' through the trees and blackened his eyes and pulled the hair out of his butt so that he was bloodied and crying.  Then they ran to their village, where all the people were asleep.  It was night, but the babies did not know night from day anymore.  Their snake eyes saw the darkness as light.  They ran through the village, howling like balam and hissing like kan-koch.  They ripped the doors with their claws and leaped onto the roofs of the huts.  
"Come out!" they shouted.  "Come out, and we'll see who is thrown to ayin and who is hung from branches!"  They jumped and roared, and the people were afraid.  Some hunters ran out with spears, but the babies jumped down from the rooftops and bit their necks and filled them with poison.  All those men died.  There was nothing the people could do to defeat those fierce babies.  They cried out in fear and begged the gods and goddesses for help.  They burned copal incense, and they prayed.  Finally the gods and the goddesses heard their calls and looked down from their garden in the fifth world.  

"Look at that!" said Father Sun.  "Look at those horrible creatures ah-Puch has loosed on my people in the middle of the night.  He is up to his wickedness again.  I will put a stop to this."  And he flung down shafts of sunlight to burn up the babies and make clean ash of them.  
But K'uk'umpakal saw the light coming down from the sky and leaped out of the way of the falling fire.  "Father Sun!" that baby roared.  "You did not hear us when we were hungry.  You did not hear us when we were cold and afraid.  You did not see when the animals tormented us.  But now you see us!  Now you want to burn us alive!  Come down here, and we will see who feels whose bite!"  
The gods and the goddesses understood that baby's hissing and roars, and they were amazed.  "What is it talking about?" said Lord Medicine.  "What are those creatures?"  
"They are corrupt and foul," said Father Sun.  "They will be punished."  He snapped down a flaming dart and burnt K'uk'umpakal, who fell down dying.  He started to cry, then, for really he was just a hungry, miserable baby who had been wrongly treated in this world and who only wanted to be cared for.  The other babies heard him and began to cry also.  The people in the village heard those cries, and the gods and goddesses heard them, and the animals in the jungle heard them.  Then everyone knew what those creatures were.  
"It does not matter," Father Sun said.  "They have turned wicked and must be destroyed."  
Mother Moon said, "They would not have turned wicked if we had helped them.  We need to take ah-Puch's poisons out of them.  We need to teach these people how to care for their babies."  
"I can cure them," Lord Medicine said.  He came down to this world and made herb drinks for those babies.  Then they vomited up the blood and meat they had eaten.  Balam's hair fell out of them, and the snake eyes fell from their heads.  Their scales turned into skin once more.  Lord Medicine went to K'uk'umpakal and stroked his burnt skin, and all that seared flesh healed.  
"I cannot make their eyes grow, or their ears," Lord Medicine said. "That is creation, not medicine."  
"This I will do," Mother Moon said.  She came down to this world and pinched the babies' ear-holes, and new ears grew out.  She kissed their eye holes and blew in a little of her breath, and new eyes grew there.  
"I will show the people how to care for their infants," said Lady Medicine.  She had raised the children of many gods and goddesses and knew what to do for babies.  She taught the people how to hold their babies and how to bathe them and how to soothe them.  She taught them which foods babies like and how to feed them.  Then people understood how to care for babies and were pleased to have them.  

ah-Puch was angry that he had been cheated out of his new servants, but people had died for his mischief, and so he held a great feast for himself and the other lords of the night, in his palace.  Unnecessary killing is always a pleasure for him, and he would never forget that people who are treated badly can easily be twisted into useful servants.  Now we have the hetzmek ceremony to welcome new babies when they come into this world.  That way they know they are wanted here and will not listen to ah-Puch and any vile words he says.  

First Weeding
This is what happened when I was nine years old:  because of the story of the babies and the understanding it gave me about camazotz' and balam, I noticed the storyteller and the path he walked.  His name was K'aakik', or Fire Wind, that was the name he took when he became the storyteller.  He was a quiet man in his years of strength who was not much seen in the village, he stayed in his field or the storyteller's hut almost all the time.  
On days when there was to be a story, K'aakik' would hang a mask on the pole in the center of the village plaza, and if people wanted to hear they could come to the telling.  Most stories are told at the end of the day, when the work is finished, as Father Sun leaves this world.  First the storyteller makes a fire and drops many balls of copal incense into it, and then he goes away.  People come and sit around the fire pit—for holy day stories everyone in the village comes, but usually it is just those who want to hear a story.  Because there are huts all around the village plaza, the voice of the storyteller can be easily heard even in the back, even when everyone is there.  Many people bring food to the telling, and gourds full of drinks, and they throw the husks and the rinds into the flames, but when the story is told they are quiet.  There are only a few stories where people can make noise or shout at the things that are said.  
When the people are all there, when Father Sun is disappearing into the western mountains, the storyteller brings all the masks for that telling and sets them in a little circle around the fire pole.  These are masks of gods and goddesses, spirits and animals and ancestors.  Then he puts on the first mask, and the everyone becomes quiet.  And this is the way of the storytelling: K'aakik' speaks and dances around the fire, and sometimes he removes a mask and puts on another one, and when he does this he looks only at the ground and never at the people.  It is only when he is wearing a mask that he looks up.  His face is always painted white in the story circle, the white takes away his true face so that he becomes only the person of the mask.  Sometimes he drops balls of copal incense into the fire, sometimes he drops sticks of cedar or balls of pine pitch or a strip of white cloth, because the name of a god or goddess is spoken, and there must be a sacrifice.  
Before my brother went to the mountains I just laughed at the words of foolish story-animals and enjoyed the storyteller dancing around the fire, but after the story of the babies I began to hear the words and to think about what was said.  I came to understand that all the parts of the story tellings went together:  the words and the masks and the size of the fire and the kinds of incense that were thrown in and the days chosen for the tellings.  And the words of the stories were not just words such as people speak but were different, they were very careful and wise, and though I thought about this, the reasons for these things were not clear.  
It was my mother I spoke to about storytellings, because she listened to my boy’s questions.  
“This is what does not make sense, mother:  when people in the village tell stories, their words change each time, but when the storyteller tells his stories, the words are always the same, even if the tellings are far apart.  Why does the storyteller always tell the same stories?”  
My mother was weaving a new k’ub for herself, it was a bright skirt she was making, so I could not go too close to her while she worked.  I was standing behind her and speaking to her back.  For a time she only moved her hands, and then she said, 
“What are all the storyteller’s stories about?  When did the people in those stories live?”  
“If I knew these things, I would not be asking you,” I said, but these were only irritated words that she pretended not to hear.  After I thought about her question I said, “The storyteller's stories are always about the old times. The stories other people tell are about people from today, or just yesterday.” 
“And why do you think everyone must hear the holy day stories, even the caçique?”  
This was a startling question for me, and all I could say was, “I don’t know,” and walk away.  So it was that I began to wonder about these things. 

On 12 Yax 9 Ix the woman Chelna died in childbirth.  This is when it happened:  in the morning, not long after Father Sun rose.  I woke sickly and went to throw up the poisoned juices of the night at the edge of the jungle, and in the quiet of early morning, after all the farmers and fishermen had left our village, I heard a whimpering sound.  The hut of Chelna’s husband was not so far from my own lineage-compound, and I went carefully to the wall that faced the path and found a small hole in the mud plastering.  Inside the hut, the priest and the wise-woman herbalist and Chelna were together in a small room.  Chelna was on her back on a sleeping bench in the middle of that little room, and the priest had his hand on her mouth and his back toward me.  She was looking upward, and her eyes were huge and weeping and filled with pain.  Never had I seen a person’s eyes in such a way, even Atlatla when he was beaten until his mouth and nose burst.  I could not see what was happening below her belly, because my seeing-hole was too small, and at first I did not understand that she was giving birth.  I only saw that she was shaking, her body was soaked in sweat.  Then I saw that blood was coming between the fingers of the priest, she was biting his hand so that blood was flowing.  She was whimpering, and her fingers were clutching the sleeping bench so that they were white, and then she arched her back into the air.  Though what I was seeing was fearful I could not leave that place; the pain in her eyes held me there.  
The priest and the wise-woman were quietly talking, and the priest rubbed one hand on Chelna’s belly.  I could not see the wise-woman, I only heard her, and I understood from the way things were said that Chelna was having a baby and that something was very wrong.  I began to pray then, I whisper-prayed for Father Sun and Mother Moon to ease this woman’s hurting and keep ah-Puch away, and I was afraid for her because even when I was that small I was beginning to comprehend ah-Puch’s strength in this world.  Chelna's suffering went on for a long time, Father Sun climbed well into the sky while she twisted and wept.  All this time the priest was praying, and the wise-woman was praying, and I whispered my own prayers.  Then Chelna’s eyes bulged greatly, and much blood came from between the fingers of the priest, and the wise-woman herbalist said, “No.”  
From the mat house came the sound of laughter.  The men of power were meeting, all were there except the priest, their burst of laughter was the sound I heard when Chelna died.  
I let go of the wall where I had been seizing it.  My hands had dug into the dried mud, and my fingertips were bloody.  I felt cold even in the hot morning light, and I stumbled away and walked until I grew warm again.  All that day my fingers ached from the death of Chelna, all that day I was sickly.  This murder was close to the center of the village, ah-Puch seized that woman and killed her right in the hands of the priest and the wise-woman.  Father Sun did nothing, there was not even an easing for her pain, and this is what I thought:  it is said that Father Sun is stronger than his brother ah-Puch, but this was clearly not so.  There are more shadows in this world than light.  I thought of the blood running down the fingers of the priest, and I remembered the blood of balam, in the jungle, and I heard the laughter of the killer bat camazotz, whose realm is death by terror.  I understood then that it was this lord of the night who put the hole in the wall of that hut, so that I would see his strength.  And when I realized this I did not want to eat, I did not want to drink, I only walked around the village praying for myself and my people.  
The next day was 13 Yax 10 Men, and on that day the body of Chelna was burned.  There was no village ceremony, only her lineage attended her, but everyone saw the black smoke and heard of her murder.  Her infant boy had been born dead, and he was burned with his mother in the fierce light of the strongest part of the day.  And this was the word of the priest, after his divination, that the spirit of Chelna was taken to the garden of the gods, beyond the reach of ah-Puch and his servants.  Her lineage-shaman was careful in the keeping of the holy days, and so her ancestors protected her spirit after ah-Puch murdered her body.  
All that day I was queasy, my stomach vibrated this way and that from this demonstration of ah-Puch’s strength, but I did not tell my mother or father.  After each meal I went to the edge of the jungle and let the food back up, for animals to eat.  It was Chelna's eyes that did this, it was her pain that made my head ache.  The names of the women were in my head, all the women I had heard of who had died in childbirth, there were so many, and I feared for my mother whose spirit sometimes flew to the mountains.  
So this is what I did:  I went to the hut of the wise-woman herbalist, and with three bright, clear pebbles I had found by the river I bought from her some of her colorful flowers my mother so admired.  The herbalist was a heavy woman in her strength, but that day her face was filled with shadows from the murder of Chelna, and I saw that she could barely see me.  
I took the flowers to my mother, and she put them in water and said,  
“What is this for?”  
“Do you like them?”  
“They’re very bright,” she said, and I saw that she was pleased.  I did this because ah-Puch is vicious to women and had his servants kill three of my mother's babies in her womb, and I also did this because he would destroy her if he could, when her soul was away flying.  After that day I was more watchful of my mother, and when I could see that her spirit was trying to leave, I gave her flowers or tiny hummingbird feathers I found, or other such things, to ease her burdens and keep her spirit close to our village.  

When 0 Pohp 13 Manik came, there was a celebration for the new year. During the previous year the gods and goddesses had been generous, and there was much food and drink.  Because everyone so enjoyed the celebration, people were not so hard-eyed toward me.  Several other children from howler monkey clan spoke with me, and we played a little, and I was well-fed, and drunk, and content.  On this day also traders from Chacwitz brought word of my brother, who was well, and this made the celebration even better.
 
On the next day, 1 Pohp 1 Lamat, one of my cousins was married.  That was the middle daughter of my father's oldest brother, the last of his daughters, his hut was empty after she left.  The wedding was a rich one, because it was during the new year's holidays, and many people from our clan came to the center of the village to see it.  My cousin's husband was of the lineage K'an K'in, which like our own is a small but old lineage.  Her husband paid no bride service price, this was because my cousin had a baby boy not so long after the marriage.  It was only some gifts that my uncle received for his daughter, but if he was unhappy at this, his irritation was not shown.  This cousin said ugly things to small boys sometimes just for pleasure, and I was not sorrowful to see her leave our lineage.  

Because of the questions my mother asked me about the storyteller’s stories, I began watching the tellings closely and listening carefully to the words.  And this is what I learned:  that the stories told for the holy days are about the different ages of people, from babies to old people, and how we grow and become wiser through our lives.  Those are the only stories everyone has to hear, even creation stories are not so important.  The storyteller always told his stories in the same words because they are not told for amusement but are about important things that should be learned and thought about.  And these realizations made me feel more intelligent, until K'aakik' told the story of Mother Moon and the first maize.  In that story Father Sun and ah-Puch fight over Mother Moon, and she is torn to pieces, and ah-Puch nearly destroys Father Sun and his creation.  At last I understood ah-Puch's true place in the creation, it is only the strength of Father Sun and Mother Moon together that keep him from destroying all things.  And now a question came into my head, because I was thinking, because fighting for understanding creates new questions that must be asked. 
It was then that I made a voice for myself in the village.  Children do not speak at the storytellings, except to their parents, and they never speak to the storyteller.  But when I heard that story I could not stop myself, when the telling was over I stood up next to my mother and said to him, 
“Where do these stories come from?”  
K’aakik’ was collecting his masks, and I thought he had not heard me.  Many people were leaving, and there was much noise, but I held my place and made my mother stop and wait.  
Then the storyteller looked at me with his white-painted face and said, “Some stories come to us from the gods and the goddesses, through dreams they send to the priests and the men of power.  The others come from our ancestors, who passed them down to teach us their wisdom.”  He put his masks on top of each other and was about to leave, and I said, 
“So they are made things, like my mother’s feather works?”  I had not thought of stories as created things before, it was strange to think of words in such a way.  
K’aakik’ did not answer me; he only turned away with a disgusted look.  I realized then that I had humiliated my father by talking about my mother’s feathers and not his wood carvings, and I felt shamed and left that place as quickly as I could.  Some people were looking at me as though I was stupid, but none of the powerful men saw me at all.  

On the day 11 Wo 5 Etz'nab the child Bolon Cab died.  He fell into the river and was swept into reeds and tangled and drowned, but some fishermen pulled his body out before crocodiles could eat him.  The river near the village is not fast, but Bolon Cab was taken swiftly and killed immediately, and everyone said the river spirits were taking a sacrifice.  The people of his lineage burned his body the same day, because sometimes this will pull the fresh soul out of the river and send it to the garden of the gods.  But when the priest performed a divining a few days later, on 13 Wo 7 Ahau, he said he could not find the boy’s soul in the garden of the gods, and Bolon Cab’s father gave many gifts to the river spirits to keep his son safe in his new home.  

It is said that evil things happen in threes because ah-Puch was the third-born god, and that was how it was for the end of my ninth year in this world.  On the day 0 Sip 1 Manik, when the god ah-Sip took up his 20-day burden and everyone was celebrating in the village center, a baby became sick with burning pustules.  That infant was said to be laughing in the morning but by dark was suffering with bleeding sores.  The word of this went from family to family, never had I heard such fearful whispers moving so quickly.  
“This happens every generation,” my father said to my mother, who asked about this kind of sickness.  She had not seen it in the mountains.  
"Do many people die?” she asked.  
“Sometimes it kills many children,” said my father, and he saw me then, he looked to see that my brother’s charm-pouch still hung at my neck.  “We will perform a kex,” he said.  
And here is how it was for that month, for all of ah-Sip’s time:  day and night the smoke of copal incense and sacrificed blood rose into the sky.  Droplets of amber were burned, mountain cedar was burned, infants were given herbs to chew and suck.  Everyone was praying, the old people and the men and women in their strength and even children were begging ah-K'awil and ah-Itzamna and Father Sun and Mother Moon and ah-Sip for a little pity for the babies of our village.  
More infants became sick, boys and girls both broke out in red pustules that itched and oozed pus and blood.  In a few days the wailing of two twenties children filled the village, and the faces of their parents were fearful and desperate.  Cutz the ocellated turkey was sacrificed in many lineage-courtyards, turkeys were offered as substitutes for the little ones that the demon-spirit K'aak-cu wished to feast on.  My own father took a turkey to his oldest brother, as my substitute, and that was how the kex began.  For three days all the adults in our lineage called me cutz and the turkey, ah-Maxam.  They said this without smiling, there was no laughter, the faces of my father and mother and my aunts and uncles were drawn and hard.  I was kept in my father's hut and did not go out for those days, my mother took my filth out in a pot.  She bought herbs from the wise-woman herbalist and made me suck on them, though they were bitter and made my tongue green. Then I spit them into the fire, and she and my father said a little prayer the wise-woman taught them.  
On the third night of my staying inside, my father's oldest brother laid out a little feast for K'aak-cu and the other evil spirits of the red pustules.  That was late at night on 3 Sip 4 Oc, when Mother Moon's face was mostly hidden.  My uncle had me stand before the table, and he stood behind me and said a prayer.  The turkey was sacrificed, its neck was snapped over my head, and then my father's oldest brother burned copal incense for me and for the two unmarried girls of our lineage who might be afflicted.  No turkey was sacrificed for them; K’aak’cu prefers to devour only tender sprouts.  For this reason also, no turkey was sacrificed for Atlatla.  No one touched the food that was offered to the spirits, no one touched the herb-bundles that lay next to the food on the table, no one drank the balché-wine that was set aside.  All the members of my lineage ate a little of the special bread that the wife of my father's oldest brother had made, and we drank a little water, and the spirits were allowed to devour the essence of the rest.  I was given one bite of the turkey, it was cooked for this, and then my father's brother took all the rest of that meal and set it outside the acantuns for the spirits. At the edge of the jungle he poured out half the balché, to seal the path, he said, and at the entrance to our lineage-courtyard he poured out the rest, to seal out K’aak-cu.  Many lineages were giving meals, the spirits must have been bloated from their feasting and drinking while so many families went hungry for their kex.  
During the rest of ah-Sip’s month no one in my lineage spoke my name or much looked at me, for fear of calling K’aak-cu to see that I was still alive. My father’s oldest brother only rapped me on the head sometimes with his knuckles, for luck, and each day my father looked to see that I was wearing the charm my brother had given me.  
When I was allowed to leave our lineage-compound, after the sacrifice of cutz, the priest and the wise-woman herbalist were making war on K’aak-cu. And here is how it was:  in the mornings the priest bled himself before the east acantun.  The caçique was there with him, every morning they went together to the red guardian stone and bled themselves like men.  Their blood was mixed with copal incense and flint dust, and burned.  Those two did not eat anything except ritual bread, they did not drink cacaw or frothing vanilla-cacaw or even hot-maize drink.  They stopped eating chilis and set aside their tobacco pipes, they stopped visiting their wives and children.  It was purification they sought, that their spirits would be strongest and their blood delicious to those gods and goddesses who would help us.  
When the priest said his morning prayers, many people knelt near the guardian stones and said prayers with him.  It was amazing to hear all those voices praying at once, all the people whose lips trembled with fear for their children raised their voices to the gods and the goddesses and raised their fists against K'aak-cu and the other wicked spirits that danced around our village.  The lineage-fathers also bled themselves into the fire, to call the gods and the goddesses to our village.  
And this is how the wise-woman herbalist fought the spirits of sickness: she danced in the village plaza when Father Sun rose.  She chanted prayers to Father Sun and Mother Moon, and she cried for the little ones of our village and begged the assistance of many gods and goddesses.  Other women in their years of strength danced with her, this was something they could do, since only men could give blood for this circumstance.  Two twenties women turned and shuffled and swayed.  With white fans they hid and showed their faces, just as Mother Moon hides and shows her face, and they said prayers to her and called her to soothe the suffering children.  Those wise women came every morning with little packets of leaves and cotton and threw them into the fire in the center of the village.  I did not know what sacrifice was in those packets, no one would tell me, I never learned their contents.  Many children brought their own gifts to the dancers, who threw those into the fire also.  The gifts were substitutes for their burning brothers and sisters who were abused by K'aak-cu, it was another trick played on that spirit.  
Each day when Father Sun was high, the men of power bled themselves at the acantuns; at the standing stones they knelt and pierced themselves.  Their backs were to the people when they did this, other men shielded them, and when I asked my uncle, he told me they were giving blood in an intimate way.  They dripped onto disks of copal incense, and they burned these and prayed to Father Sun and ah-K'awil and ah-Itzamna.  It was the strongest gods they called, they did not trouble the younger gods and goddesses.  They touched their heads to the acantuns and prayed, and they pierced their hands in the webbing between fingers and smeared their essence on the stones.  The mouths of the lineage-fathers were firm, they did not beg or ask anything in particular but only said the names of the afflicted children, again and again, and gave sacrifice.   
And here was the priest in the evenings, when Father Sun was leaving this world:  he was terrifying to see, the fire in his eyes roared.  He shook his fist at K'aak-cu and the other servants of ah-Puch, and he cursed them in a hoarse voice that could be heard across the village.  He never shouted, always his voice was his own, and he looked out into the jungle with murder in his eyes.  Men backed away when they saw this, the eyes of the priest were so fearful, even powerful men would not look at him when he was this way.  Every evening the priest went to the acantuns and broke sacred bread to nourish the spirits of the guardian stones, and then he pierced his own tongue with a cactus thorn that he snapped in half in his fingers.  The wise-woman gave him a bundle of herbs, and he chewed this and spat the bundle into the fire.  His spit and blood and green herb-juice he gave to the jungle, he stood inside the safety of the acantuns and spat into the faces of the evil spirits as he cursed them.  Here is just one quiver of darts he shot at them:
These are words for red-pustule sickness
For the breaking of fire sores
For the drying of ooze

Who was the creator of red-pustule sickness?
Where in the darkness was this illness born?
K'aak-cu is the name of its master
Xibalbe is the dark womb where all sickness grows

This is the name of red-pustule sickness:
It is chac-k'aak'
It is fire-eruption 
Its father is ah-Puch
Its mother is K'aak-cu
Their evil fornication caused it
This misery, chac-k'aak'

Now I name the chopper of K'aak-cu
ah-Itzamna is his name
The oldest son of ah-Kinich Ahaw, 
Who is our Father Sun
He is Lord Medicine by the axe
The breaker of wicked spirits

Now I name the healer to the afflicted ones
ix-Chel is her name
A daughter of the heavens
Oldest wife of any god
She is Lady Medicine by herbal wisdom
Lady Hope by her dancing
Who created red-pustule sickness?
K'aak-cu is his name
Where was red-pustule sickness born?
In Xibalbe it first was known

This is the opening of the heavenly fan
Its spines are sting ray
Its web is blood

This is the raising of the heavenly staff
Its wood is chacté
Its tip is blue lightning

Here is the breaking of K'aak-cu
His cord is severed
His head is chopped
At the place of Can-yah-ual-k'aak this happens
At the place of ix-Usihnal
There he is slapped by lord ah-Itzamna
There he is beaten by the oldest son
With the open spines of the heavenly fan
With the blazing tip of the heavenly staff

And here is the alleviation of misery
For the little sufferers, 
The burning ones
I call white hail-stones
I call red hail-stones
I call yellow hail-stones
I call black hail-stones
I call green hail-stones
To put out the burning
To cool the skin
To melt away the fire
I make a white herbal dressing
I make a red herbal dressing
I make a yellow herbal dressing
I make a black herbal dressing
I make a green herbal dressing
To receive the force of the eruptions

Now I bring forth this white water lily
To soothe the fire of red-pustule sickness
To heal the sores of red-pustule sickness
To absorb the red anger of K'aak-cu
And drown it in the dance of lady ix-Chel
The day 3 Ik' is an important holy day, it is a day for paying off debts to ah-Puch, and on the day 15 Sip 3 Ik' the village plaza was filled with steaming foods and drinks for this event.  Many beautiful pieces of pottery were smashed for ah-Puch's pleasure, feather rods and cuffs were burned, skirts and tunics were hurled into the fires as sacrifices.  My mother and the other clever woman from Chacwitz made little feather-tiaras, and some families offered these to ah-Puch in the place of their children.  The priest set a special table for K'aak-cu and his servants, and he said prayers while the spirits ate their feast.  By this day seven twenties children were sick, at the feast many babies were gasping for breath, and the wise-woman and her work-daughters gave out pastes and bundles and juices for the little ones.  Every woman with a little knowledge gathered and dried and ground up herbs from their gardens.  Every woman who could dance did so in the plaza, it was a great day of whirling and fan-waving.  
And so for twenty days everyone prayed, for twenty days everyone chewed stems and leaves and rubbed creams onto sobbing infants, for twenty days the men of power bled themselves, until they wobbled as they walked. The priest lost his voice, he stood at the edge of the jungle and whispered his curses.  The hunters hurled blessed darts into the trees and bushes, hoping to strike K'aak-cu or any servants of ah-Puch.  The wise-woman led the final dances, she took the women to the very edges of the village and raised her feet and stomped down to frighten off the spirits.  Then they did the swaying reed dance, to quench the burning of the infants.  And the lineage-fathers said the names of the sick children of their families into the smoke of the burning incense, so those names would rise to the mightiest gods and goddesses and move them to a little mercy.
  
When it was ended, when the 20-day sickness was over, this is the truth that I saw with my own eyes, that I felt in my own heart:  that K'aak-cu was defeated, his victory was despicable and small.  In the village of Xunich at this time the same sickness struck, it was a time of strength for K'aak-cu, the traders said that two twenties infants and children died there.  The traders said that the jungle around Xunich was filled with laughter at night, as K'aak-cu and his allies danced their victory dances and throttled the poor little souls they had torn away from their mothers and fathers.  
In our village there were three deaths.  Only three infants died, and the sacrifices of their lineages were so great that when the bodies were burned, their tiny souls were lifted above all those evil spirits straight into the garden of the gods.  So said the priest, in his divining, and even though I was just a foolish boy I knew his words were true.  It was our piousness that gave us victory over ah-Puch’s evil servants; it was the prayers, the dancing, the curses of the priest and the endless sacrifices to the strong gods and goddesses that saved our village from more deaths.  There was no boasting about our victory, no one laughed at K’aak-cu in his failure, there were no braggarts stupid enough to undo all that had been done.  
This is what people said, after the red-pustule sickness had passed:  that Puksik'al Tok was the strongest priest in seven generations, he was probably the strongest since the time of the city.  It was his curses people spoke of, it was his sacrifices and his knowledge of the prayers they admired.  Every generation suffers from the time of strength of K'aak-cu.  Always twenty children die, or two twenties, no one could remember a mere three-infant attack.  The priest's victory was more amazing because his work-son was not in the village when K'aak-cu came, Akbal Nik was visiting Chacwitz and renewing our village's mountain shrine when the red-pustule sickness came upon us.  
There was also much respectful talk of the wise-woman herbalist, who came to our village from Xunich after her husband was killed by coh the puma and she received a dream from the goddess ix-Chel telling her to go to our village.  Many people said that her creams and bundles had saved their children, and there were many prayers and sacrifices given to thank ix-Chel for sending her to us.  
I thought then that the death of Chelna was only a stain on those two, it was a moment of strength for ah-Puch.  Our village is small, and the servants of ah-Puch are many and strong, and they rip at us whenever they can.  But we are not helpless.  We can bar their way with flint dust and salt, we can burn them with herb juice, and the prayers and curses of the priest are darts to punish them.  Our fathers made a fierce mistake when they asked for the gifts of ah-Puch, so long ago, and they brought much suffering upon us their children, but it was their wisdom that saved us from K'aak-cu and his servants that year.  

The day 4 Ch'en 8 Chuen was a day of remembrance for me, my soul was suspended this day.  There is a small stream not far into the jungle, it was a place Atlatla took me sometimes when we were looking for animals, and I went walking there because I was thinking of him.  All that morning my heart was in the mountains, I longed for Atlatla’s return.  The trees and sand and fallen branches and stones of the stream were not as they should have been, the suffering of my heart made those things seem to move around, made them disappear for a while.  After I had been there for most of the morning I found six jeweled beetle shells under a rotting leaf.  These are valuable to trade to young women, for flowers and other things, and so I said thanks to Lady Insect for the skins of her children, and returned to my home.

My father began drinking much cactus liquor after the red pustule sickness was defeated.  It was because of missing Atlatla that he did that, he said this in a few small comments to my mother.  Atlatla had been gone two years, in that time we had not seen him even once.  We had only the words traders brought, every few months, and his little gifts.  I think my father had expected him to return before so much time had passed.  After the red-pustule days the face of my father was often miserable, and he would sit on his stump and stare at the ground and drink.  At times there was much work for him as a woodcutter, and he would disappear into the jungle with his work-sons, and I would not hear him again until I was nearly asleep. Because I was nine years old he should have been taking me into the jungle to show me his fields and teach me to make milpa, but this did not happen. My brother’s shadow hid me even though he was far away.  Once, very late at night, I heard angry words spoken between my father and his oldest brother, about the drinking and about my father’s failure to take me out to his fields and teach me to plant and harvest.  I do not recall what day that was.  My father’s comment was, “He’s his mother’s son, let her take him out to the fields.”  This is what I heard and remember, but it was said sideways and without heat, what my father meant was that his real son was elsewhere and already knew how to farm.  After this argument my father did not visit my uncle often just to talk, things were no longer so good between them.  

This is what we heard of my brother, that he was walking the path of the treeclimber and could go up even the highest trees to retrieve their plump fruits and nuts.  He was quarrelling with my mother's father, but the traders did not know why, and he himself sent no word about this.  My father was pleased by this sort of news and always asked for more of it whenever the traders came.  My brother was said to be often hunting, mostly shooting birds with his blowgun but also darting uban the rabbit and sometimes haleu the paca.  It was because he had learned proper rituals from my mother’s family that he was allowed to hunt and bring meat to the table like a man. 
Atlatla continued to sent gifts with the traders:  bundles of obsidian blades for my father and feathers for my mother and strangely-shaped stones or bits of twisted wood for me.  The wood bits were interesting for my father because he had not seen their kind before, and so these gifts of mine ended up near my father’s wood-cutting tools.  Atlatla sent one other thing for me, a tiny pebble of jade which was darkest green and gleaming.  It was shaped like a small iik’-cross, this was its shape:  T.  My mother was surprised at this gift, because dark jade is rare and valuable.  
“It turns away evil sorcery,” my mother said.  “He worked hard for this.” 
My father examined this gift and said, "Very good.  Next time I'll ask him for five blades, instead of three," and we laughed.  I placed the pebble in my charm-pouch, to gain its protection.  

Because my father was so much in the jungle and was so frequently drinking, I went more often to the house of his oldest brother, who tolerated my visits.  My oldest uncle was a man of many responsibilities.  Like all men he grew maize, but he worked more land than many men did and accepted several work-sons from Tzak Ha’ lineage to assist him.  He had three raised fields next to the river, and these rich plots gave generously to his family and provided the many food sacrifices and feasts that were required of him as lineage-father.  He raised a field of chilis as well, red and green and yellow and white chilis all grew there.  This was in the jungle, where it was chopped out and burned.  
My uncle’s path as lineage-father brought him duties of many kinds.  He was responsible for keeping the holy days for our lineage and for making the proper sacrifices.  He performed divinations for those of us in his own lineage, and he divined for people in howler monkey clan as well.  This is what I learned of divinations: that my uncle could not turn anyone away when they came for a divining, but sometimes he had them return on a day that was better for talking with the gods and the goddesses.  Then the questioner paid him a small fee, and he sought answers for their concerns. 
In addition to these duties my uncle had to maintain our lineage-shrines in the fields, and near the river, and in the village.  He also had to train people who were sent to him through dreams, so that they could perform divinations and keep the holy days.  And he sometimes was obliged to sing the song of our ancestors, back to nine or thirteen generations, for certain festivals and celebrations.  In truth my oldest uncle bore many more burdens than my father, but he was different in that he always returned to his hut when he could, to speak with his wife and his daughters and sometimes me. And he did not drink liquor and beat children to ease his burdens.  
Here was my oldest uncle:  a tall, thin man who did not often laugh.  When he walked or spoke he always went straight to where he was going, he did not wander for pleasure.  Perhaps he laughed with the other lineage-fathers, when he met with them in the mat house, but I cannot speak for what I have not seen or heard of.  On his right forearm he has a large, dark scar, where he was bitten by polpoch the jumping viper.  The snake was on a log and struck him one day as he passed, and its poison nearly killed him. Because he is dutiful to the gods and the goddesses he was allowed to stumble back to our village, and the priest saved him from death.  Now it is a scar he bears, from the damage of the poison, and he sometimes told of this event as a way to warn boys to watch carefully when they are in the jungle.  
The wife of my father’s oldest brother is a wise woman who knows many useful plants and cures for aches and wounds.  She is a small person with sharp eyes, such that even if she was resting quietly in a dark room when I came to visit, I could feel her watching and would greet her.  This was the way of my oldest uncle’s wife:  boys did not bring filth into her hut. Every bit of leaf-litter on one’s waist-cloth was seen, every smudge on one’s face was immediately wiped away, mud on one’s sandals did not pass her mat.  The priest’s hut has a red symbol over the door to keep evil spirits from entering that place, and the golden-yellow eyes of my aunt were their own sign to all people:  keep dirt in its place, outside.  For her family my aunt made beautiful woven clothing, every day she made cloth on her backstrap loom.  She is a better weaver than my mother, here was something that made my mother weep with frustration sometimes, and anyone who received something she made was always pleased. For boys she sometimes made frothing vanilla-cacao drink which was cool on hot days and hot on the cool nights of the rainy season, and perhaps because of this thoughtfulness I was always clean when I entered that hut.  

As a result of the many burdens I saw my uncle carrying, without complaint, I came to understand a little of what it means to be responsible. Though I am the youngest son of a youngest son, I resolved to seek what wisdom my uncle would teach me and to listen when he spoke, so that I would have more understanding and patience.
Mother Moon is Torn in Half, and Her Blood Creates Maize

This is the way it was, after Sun was finished shaping the seven layers of the world: not much is happening in the garden of the gods. Only the first gods are there, it is just Sun and Moon and ah-Puch by themselves. There are not yet any little gods and goddesses running around making noises and throwing things.  Sun is tired from his work, his radiance is dimmed and the fires around his face are pale. Mostly he rests in the cool shade, he sits cross-legged on the paving stones of his palace in the late afternoon and listens to the chatter of the animal lords who live there as well. Moon is not speaking to him, she wanted more butterflies to be made during the creation, and he made bats instead. So she amuses herself with his twin brother, those two go all over the garden of the gods poking into this cave and that waterfall, seeking little treasures that came into being when everything was made.
When Sun was not resting he liked to watch our ancestors living in the world below his palace. Our world is the fourth world, it is said, and our sky is the underbelly of the garden of the gods. In those days our ancestors also had no babies, they lived their days finding food and praying and making sacrifices of incense and flowers. There were no special foods for them yet, Sun just let them fend for themselves, and we remember those first people eating grass and reed roots, insects and boiled tree bark. The sides of their mouths became red-stained from such food, and they were very thin from the poor nourishment, but still they were pleased to be alive at all and showed their gratitude in many ways. Sun’s nostrils were often filled with the scent of copal incense, and the heated sparks from burning blood rekindled his fires. As far as he could see, all the way to the mountains and all the way to the great ocean, his people cared for each other and were faithful to their creator.

But this was what was happening over the mountains, on the other side of the passes: our ancestors were being taken, in secret. There were ambushes on the jungle paths, men went hunting in the mountains and did not return. The women were not safe, they disappeared by the rivers and by the streams. Even in those early days ah-Puch was amusing himself in such ways. He walked among our ancestors, seeking the criminals and the insane and the unlucky, and he set them upon Sun’s other people. Many unfortunates were captured and taken away as slaves for ah-Puch’s twisted servants. The people beyond the mountains were not afraid for their missing loved ones, because they didn’t yet know fear. All they knew is that sometimes people went missing, and though they worried they trusted their people would someday return to them. So they did not pray to Sun for help with these missing ones, they just gave thanks for being alive. And so it went for many years, and more men and women disappeared, and ah-Puch’s children built their own villages far away from Sun’s watchful eyes, and they kept Sun’s people for slaves.
One day our ancestors from the sun-lit lands wandered over the mountains and found the other people living there, and there was much celebration as the two tribes began to trade and marry each other. It was not long before our ancestors from the sun-lit lands heard that people sometimes went missing in the lands over the mountains, and they raised their concerns to Sun, in their prayers. Sun heard these stories in disbelief but looked over the mountains anyway, and what should he see but ah-Puch’s people taking his own people as slaves! This was the making of the first fight in the garden of the gods, Sun surrounded ah-Puch and demanded the release of his people. 
Well, ah-Puch was not about to give up his slaves. So he fought with Sun, he drew forth a terrible black knife of gleaming obsidian and tried to cut Sun’s throat. That was a very close thing, Sun had never been attacked before and hardly knew his brother’s face. So ah-Puch scratched Sun’s throat with a great slice of his knife, there was blood everywhere. Sun just used his fists, and the two brothers punched and slashed each other, many and awful were the cuts and welts they caused in each other’s flesh. Moon didn’t see any of this, she was away talking with the animal lords or something, the two male gods were alone in their quarrel. 
Though Sun fought with great strength, he could not defeat his brother, whose star is the star of war itself. Finally he made a great hole open under his brother, and ah-Puch fell all the way from the garden of the gods in the fifth world down to the underworld in the first world. It was a long fall, and when he hit the marshes of that place he dug a great wet hole with his body.
Then Sun made a fire and burned magical incense, right there in his own palace, and he bled himself from his genitals and his fingers and his tongue. He said words of power, and he sealed his brother out of the garden of the gods. That was how ah-Puch came to live in the underworld, never again could he ascend to the garden of the gods.

And here is the surprise of Moon when she returns from her conversations with the animal lords and finds Sun all cut up and bloody, and his brother missing.
“Where is the lord of the night?” are her words to Sun, but Sun only shakes his head.
“He is gone now, he cannot return to this place. He is doing disgusting things to my people, and I have driven him out of here.”
Well, Moon is shocked to hear such a thing, she has never seen ah-Puch’s true face and thinks him quite handsome and very amusing as well. In those days Sun and Moon are not married, Moon is still a young woman and cannot decide between these two gods. So she is giving them both her favors, she is treated well by Sun and ah-Puch both.
“What is happening to your people?” she asks Sun, and he tells her what has been occurring in the lands over the mountains. She looks for herself, but her vision is not as sharp as Sun’s, and she sees nothing amiss in the world of our ancestors.
“You are making this up,” she tells Sun. “You are jealous of ah-Puch’s attention to me, and that is why you two are fighting. Bring him back, and the two of you become brothers again.”
But Sun won’t do this, not after what he has seen. He wants his stolen people released from their misery, out of the slave pens and back with the rest of our ancestors. So he tells Moon no, ah-Puch will never again be welcome in the garden of the gods, and there will only be war between them from then on. So Moon leaves him and goes away from the garden of the gods to the first world far below. She is following the path of ah-Puch’s fall and slides down from the fifth world to the fourth to the third to the second and finally to the marshes of the first world, where everything is sickly and pale.
After a long time walking she comes to a palace that ah-Puch has made in the first world, that land we call the underworld. There are many spirits there, spirits of death and disease, but they have no place yet in the world. They are just lazing around, they are just bored. ah-Puch is in his palace, he is speaking with nine wicked spirits he wants as commanders in a new game he wants to play.  He has questioned these spirits at length, many days have been spent learning their thoughts and their abilities. ah-Puch does not play around when he decides on a new path.
“Ah,” says ah-Puch when Moon walks into his palace. “Lovely Moon, come to see me here, in my new home!”
Moon is confused by the luxuries of that place, there is jade and obsidian, pearl and bits of gold. There are fine incense burners, and hide-bound books full of powerful spells. There is food in plenty, all kinds of fruits and nuts and meats are laid out on the tables. There are slaves to serve everything and to take away what is left over. The palace of Sun is not so fine as ah-Puch’s palace, Sun has busied himself with the creation and has not had time to put his house in order, and Moon feels her heart beat harder for all the fineness of ah-Puch’s palace.  
“Meet my commanders,” says ah-Puch. “These nine spirits are the bolontiku, the lords of night.”
And the nine lords introduce themselves by name, one at a time. They are:  Watery Eye, Bone Snapper, Bloody Fang, Pus Wound, Blood Sucker, Skull Breaker, Black Wing, Yellow Mist, and Stalker. Each gives his or her name and then bows to Moon, who is pleased at this courtesy. She is looking right at ah-Puch’s face but sees only handsomeness and beauty, she cannot see what Sun
now sees there.
“We are creating a new game to play with my brother,” says ah-Puch. There is great humor in his voice, and all the bolon-tiku laugh hard laughs that make Moon’s spine tingle.
	“What sort of game?” says Moon.
“This is something no one has ever seen before,” says ah-Puch. “It is called ‘war’, and it is a fight between many people that does not stop until blood is spilled.”
“It can go on longer than that,” says Bloody Fang, whose idea ‘war’ was.
“How can it go on longer than the spilling of blood?” says Moon. She has seen men fight before, our ancestors are not perfect. They quarrel over meat and fruits, they quarrel over women, they quarrel over who builds their huts where.  Sometimes men beat each other with poles, sometimes they cut each other with knives. Moon does not like this sort of thing, but she knows people do it anyway.
“Well,” says Bloody Fang, in a purring voice, “if you spill enough blood, you get something no one has ever seen before. It is called ‘death’, and it is the end.”
“The end of what?” says Moon. Her curiosity is great, Bloody Fang is a smooth talker and has all her attention on this new game.
“The end of living!” says ah-Puch. “It has taken great amounts of time to find ‘death’ and make up ‘war’ to create it.”
“This doesn’t sound like a good thing,” says Moon. She has never seen ah-Puch create anything, and these innovations surprise her. She is seeing a new face on her lover.
“Tell her about the other new thing,” says Stalker. “It is a wonder of ingenuity.”
ah-Puch smiles, his face breaks open from side to side and shows all his many teeth. “This one is called ‘murder,’” he says. “It is the snapping of the sacred cord, the unraveling of the sacred thread. The white flower closes and never opens again. When one person kills another, this is ‘murder.’ It is the end of them. We have tested it many times now, on Sun’s worthless people.”
Moon doesn’t know what ‘kills’ means. No one has ever been killed in the sun-lit world before. She has seen men beat each other senseless or cut each other, but they always stop before anyone is killed.
The bolon-tiku laugh, again comes the hard laughter of the lords of the night.  ah-Puch laughs with them, great is his merriment at all these new ways he is bringing into being.
“Bring a slave,” he calls to the spirits of death and disease, and they go away to the slave pens and drag in a young woman, Doe Eyes is her name. She is standing there in confusion, wondering what those lords want of her, when ah-Puch says,
“Today you are a demonstration for this goddess. You don’t have to do anything, just stand there.”
And Bloody Fang gets up from his seat and walks behind her and stands there with his mouth open. Moon knows some animals eat each other, but she is not able to think like ah-Puch and the night lords, she cannot understand why this lord’s fangs are at this girl’s throat.
“Can you see this woman’s white flower?” says ah-Puch. What he means is this: in the center of the creation is the great world tree, it grows from its roots in the underworld to its trunk in the fourth world, to its heavenly branches in the garden of the gods and the sixth and seventh worlds. This tree grows countless white flowers, each one is the soul of a new person, and when these fall into our world a woman becomes pregnant and gives birth to a fresh soul. We say a person’s life is their white flower, it is the soul that gives us life in the beginning and the soul that departs back to the world tree when we die, to be born again.  
Moon can see the white flower that lives in the young woman’s heart.
“Yes,” she says, “I can see this person’s soul.”
And ah-Puch nods at Bloody Fang, who sinks his teeth into the young woman’s neck and tears out the great arteries there. Blood sprays everywhere, onto the floor and the table, onto the face of Bloody Fang, who licks it away with his tongue. And the young woman, Doe Eyes, cries out and then perishes. And Moon sees the white flower in her heart curl up and ascend back to the world tree, it is the end of Doe Eyes she has witnessed. Moon has never dreamed of such a thing, she is staggered by ‘murder,’ and ‘death,’ for one heartbeat she is seeing ah-Puch’s true, wicked face.
“What happens to her now?” says Moon, in shock.
“Oh, who knows?” says Bloody Fang. “But her body is here, see? It can be eaten.” And sure enough, spirits come and take away Doe Eyes’ body and prepare it for eating by the night lords. Again is shock for Moon, these lords are gorging themselves on the flesh of Sun’s people down here in the twilight marshes of the underworld.
“’War’ is the same way,” says ah-Puch. He is watching Moon most carefully to see what she thinks of his inventions. So far he sees only amazement on the face of Moon, and he knows she has not yet seen him completely. That is the beginning of lies and duplicity, there is the very moment when deception began.  Ah-Puch knows it is necessary to hide the ugliness of his new ways from Moon, she would be disgusted if she truly understood them.
“’War’ is ‘murder’ and ‘death’ with many people. It can go on a long time. We are talking with Sun’s people in the mountains in the fourth world far over our heads. We are talking with them in dreams, we are sending spirits to talk with them in visions of blood and smoke. We are convincing them to fight with the people across the mountains, we are convincing them that those are the ones who took their brothers and sisters.”
Now the bolon-tiku laugh themselves to tears, all these new games are great pleasure for them. Our ancestors over the mountains are beginning to believe that it is the people of the sun-lit lands who have stolen away their missing ones, and they are following the directions of the spirits to make new instruments.  These are called war spears, war clubs, war axes. They are not for killing animals but are for killing people. Great is the cunning of the bolon-tiku, their cleverness is without end.
“Tell her about ‘disease’,” says Watery Eye, this oldest daughter of ah-Puch.  She is the strongest of the night lords, ‘disease’ is her very own idea.
“Another new thing,” says ah-Puch. “It is the slow unraveling of the sacred cord through the grinding down of the flesh, you wouldn’t understand but it is very funny to us. Already we have tried it on many slaves, their miseries and suffering go on and on before ‘death’. My brother thinks his people are so clever and so strong. He thinks himself so brilliant for creating live beings to pay the three of us respect. Ha! What is their respect to us? They are funnier falling down in agony, they are more nourishing when their flesh is cooked for our pleasure. This is how they can serve us. How do you like this palace, Moon?  It is not grand? My spirits built it for us, my slaves built it for us.”
“It is magnificent,” says Moon. She sees the finery but not the pain that went into making it, unnecessary hurt is becoming the way of ah-Puch.
“Come here, Moon,” says ah-Puch, and she goes to the head of his table.  The nine lords are watching with black eyes, they are all wondering what will happen between these two powerful gods.
Suddenly ah-Puch slaps Moon across the face, and the heat rises in Moon’s cheeks.
“It is time for you to wake up,” says ah-Puch. “There is not room in this creation for Sun and myself, both. Day and night can no longer share. You cannot keep giving us both your favors. You must choose, there can only be one of us soon.”
Moon’s eyes have become small with anger, sharp is her strength when she slaps ah-Puch.
ah-Puch laughs. “Yes, like that,” he says.
“You are both crazy,” says Moon. “All Sun does is create, create, and create new animals and new plants and new peoples. He is filling the fourth world up with these humans, they are becoming endless.”
“Oh,” says ah-Puch, “’Disease’ will take care of that. ‘War’ will take care of that. Even ‘murder’ will strike many down.”
“And you,” says Moon. “All you do is look for ways to damage and injure Sun’s creation. Where are the clever things of your own, what will you add to all that is?”
And that is when Lord Jaguar walks out into the room. Black is his fur, his entire coat is black, and a deep purring comes from his throat. He is very large, and very potent, he looks at Moon without fear.
“This is Jaguar,” says ah-Puch, and the nine lords of the night let out a great cheer for this, their champion. “He walks at night, he murders whom he wishes, he is my greatest and most important invention. Sun has created nothing like this animal lord. All his cats are small in comparison, this is the strongest of them all.” He pats Jaguar’s ears, and Jaguar growls at Moon.
“So,” continues ah-Puch. “Lord Jaguar is my invention. Jaguar, and death, and murder, and war, and disease are all my inventions. Decide now, day or night, the underworld or the garden of the gods.”
Moon is stuck and does not know what to do. The fearful inventions of ah-Puch and his commanders are beyond the reach of her heart, she cannot truly take them in yet. She knows Sun has seen none of this, great changes are coming to the world and Sun is unaware that his people’s destruction is being plotted even as he rests in his garden high above.  
But for Moon ah-Puch is still handsome, he radiates much heat like his brother, and her own blood is heated by his presence. He sees this and laughs at her, they all laugh at her as ah-Puch carries her away to his sleeping room and takes her favors from her. When he is finished he throws her out of his palace, spirits come and drag her out by force, she is dumped down the stone steps and into the swamps. Indignant, she summons a moonbeam and rides it back to the garden of the gods, back to Sun, who is eating a nance fruit or some such.
“Your brother is busy,” Moon says to him. “He is doing frightening things in the world below. He and his nine lords of the night, they are all thinking and working together, down in the first world.”
“My brother is no longer my concern,” says Sun. “I have decided I should not be lonely here, with just you for company. I am going to summon other gods and goddesses to my palace; there are quite a few of them skulking around, at the edges of the creation. They’re wondering if it’s safe to show themselves, yet.”  And so Sun ignores Moon and burns some copal incense in a great burner in front of his palace. Smoke rises and goes to all corners of the heavens, it grows heavy and sinks into the worlds below, even ah-Puch’s underworld is smoked out by Sun’s incense burner. And there they are, gods and goddesses understand this signal and begin to show themselves at Sun’s palace. There are introductions, and good food and drink are passed around.  Moon sees she is being ignored and flicks her skirt at Sun and his new guests.
“What do you want from me, Moon?” says Sun. “You are just playing around with my brother and myself, time passes and you think you can have the both of us. Do you want children? Whose children will you have, anyone who will take you?”
Moon has never heard of ‘children’ before, she doesn’t know what Sun is talking about. This is a new idea Sun has had, to save himself some work. In those days animals and our ancestors do not have babies, every time Sun wants to increase his people he has to make them himself. So he has dreamed up a way for animals and people to make themselves, so he doesn’t have to.
“I don’t know what you mean,” says Moon, and Sun is amused. “Oh, it’s just a little thing,” he says. “Children are a way for people to make more people.  Gods and goddesses will be able to have children as well, I have decided.” So he explains that children are small people who aren’t fully formed yet, and they must be cared for.
“This would be a good job for you, Moon,” he says. “Your creations are all small things, birds and butterflies and flowers. This is much more powerful, you will be amazed if you try this.”
Still Moon is undecided, she has no responsibilities at this time and doesn’t really want any. She is thinking of ah-Puch and his great heat, she is attracted to him in the underworld. Sun annoys her with his amusement and his trying to give her responsibilities.
“Your brother has found ways to cut the sacred cord and shrivel the white flower souls of your people, down there in the world,” says Moon. “You should be thinking about that. He has created a fierce heat that his servants put into people that burns them up and takes away their lives. This is called ‘disease’, and he and his commanders are going to release it in the world.” 
Even Sun has never heard of things like this before, it is ah-Puch’s genius to murder other beings and smash them down. He thinks Moon is making this up, such things cannot actually exist. So he just nods at her, he turns his attention to other matters.

Time passes, how much nobody can say. Time is different for the gods and the goddesses than it is for us. There are a dozen gods and goddesses now living in the garden of the gods, they have arisen from the creation or come from outside it, somehow. Each brings gifts and cleverness, and they all sit together in council and improve Sun’s creation in various ways. In the underworld, ah-Puch and the bolon-tiku are improving their methods of destruction: many of Sun’s people, our ancestors, are captured and murdered in sickening ways. For pleasure ah-Puch has his servants place bodies of murdered people in the lands beyond the mountains, where they will be found by our ancestors. People come across their murdered loved ones and realize they will never return, and grief is born into the world.  Great is the fear and confusion of our ancestors, no one has seen death before.  Prayers are sent to Sun, but he is busy with the larger creation, he just sends the usual light and warmth and does not listen too closely to what his people are saying.
It is not so long after this that ah-Puch sends many servants all over the lands beyond the mountains and even into the sun-lit lands of the valleys, to spread disease in all directions. Many people sicken and die, they vomit blood and bile and choke to death. They shake from chills and fever, they develop weeping pustules, their hair falls out and their nails fall out and sores break out on their skin. Anguished are the cries of Sun’s people, much copal is burned and much blood is spilled to raise new prayers to Sun. Sacrifices are given day and night, there are flowers and feathers and animals. At last Sun hears these prayers and gazes down upon the world below, and great is his disbelief at what he sees happening there. Our ancestors are dying in the thousands and the tens of thousands, whole valleys are depopulated. The lands over the mountains are seas of illness and misery. Everywhere the servants of ah-Puch are unchecked, the wicked have the run of the world. People are murdered right under Sun’s face, his eyes are popping from seeing such things. Men and women alike are grabbed and dragged from their huts, their throats are cut, their hearts are punctured. Sun’s people barely know how to fight, only a few have the strength of warriors. ah-Puch has had much time to plan his viciousness, he and his commanders are brilliant at releasing terrors into the world.
This is Sun fighting his brother, rays of burning light fall into the sun-lit valleys and even into the mountains beyond them. For the first time Sun’s light fills the lands beyond the mountains, for the first time Sun’s strength floods the entire world. The other gods and goddesses have never seen anything like it, Moon has never seen Sun so strong or so angry. Here are the first sunburns, the other gods and goddesses are reddened by Sun’s fury and must turn their faces from his rage. The servants of ah-Puch are incinerated where they stand, spirits and wicked men alike are turned to pillars of ash that blow away in the winds. Sun lets out a roar to see such suffering among his people, his fury at his brother is without measure, and he becomes a sunbeam and shoots down like a falling sky rock.
There is an explosion when Sun lands in the underworld, tremendous is the force of his impact. Fire roars, the underworld is set alight. Every tree and every bush and even wet reeds burst into flame and are consumed. The stones of ah-Puch’s palace are shattered by the bucking of the ground, ceilings and walls fall in, the evil spirits of the underworld are knocked off their feet and lie groaning on the earth. Sun rises to his feet and gazes about him, there is nothing but ruin.  Up the steps of ah-Puch’s palace he strides. The black stone melts beneath his feet, they say that to this day ah-Puch’s palace is marked with Sun’s footprints.  
Into the palace he goes, there are small rooms and then the big one where the bolon-tiku are seated, all nine lords are in council when Sun comes into that room.  And here is the humbling of the commanders of the night, it takes only the time of two breaths for it to happen, only the time of three heartbeats goes by before they are defeated. The bolon-tiku are the greatest of evil spirits, ah-Puch sought them for ages before finding them all, some of them arose outside the creation and came into it just for the purpose of causing terror and misery.  They are ready for Sun, that is what they think. They have lived long in the underworld, plotting their murders and their deaths, plotting their diseases and the suffering they will inflict on the people of the sun. They have never been challenged before, they have never met anyone who is their equal, much less their superior. This is what it takes for them to learn their places: Sun comes into their chamber and takes one, two, three steps into the room. His body is burning, fire flares from his skin and gusts from his mouth. His eyes are red with heat. He turns his head toward the bolon-tiku and merely looks at them, he gifts them with only a touch of his power, and they are broken and thrown down. Their wills are cracked in half like sticks in the hands of a strong man. Eyes roll, screams come from their mouths, not one of them can even point a finger at Sun to threaten him. Gone are their murders, their deaths and their diseases. Gone is their cleverness, their trickery, and their evil spells. Their magic faints dead away, their knowledge of evil dwindles to nothing, they cannot even call out to their servants to give Sun a fight. They are fleeing, smacking into walls and stumbling over broken stones, running into each other and weeping with fear. They are slamming into their table and tumbling over their chairs, they run and run and run away. Out the doors of ah-Puch’s palace they go, for days they will run through the burning underworld, all around them they witness the horror of their servants falling by the thousands in the fires of Sun’s anger. ah-Puch has been gaining servants for ages and thought he had an army, but that is gone now, in one morning Sun has destroyed his dreams. The bolon-tiku are shivering as they flee, their bodies shake like sickly children, their teeth will chatter for years before they regain control of themselves. 
It would have been better for everyone if Sun had destroyed the bolon-tiku right there. They should never have been allowed to run away from ah-Puch’s palace, they should never have been allowed to escape and continue their wicked innovations. But in truth Sun doesn’t even see them, they are beneath his notice, they will slink around for ages before the other gods and goddesses put them in their place for all time. Sun turns away from the bolon-tiku and hunts through ah-Puch’s palace. Into the fallen rooms he goes, evil men and evil spirits drop to their knees and weep for fear in every place he treads. Sun doesn’t see them.  His eyes are only for his brother, ah-Puch alone occupies his thoughts.
So at last he finds ah-Puch in a great room at the far end of his palace, this is where ah-Puch has chosen to stand against Sun. It is an empty room, there were things in it but they have all been released into the world. It is the room where ah-Puch keeps his twisted inventions until they are ready for dispersal. Sun comes to the door of that room and sees ah-Puch, he steps into that place and says,
“Good morning, brother. I have brought something for you.”
“And what is that?” says ah-Puch, whose head is down. Truly ah-Puch is frightened, his heart is beating fast and he cannot think. Never has Sun shone so fiercely. ah-Puch fears he is about to be destroyed, it is his first humbling and is most painful to him.
“Something you yourself have invented. I bring you your own death,” says Sun. And here is Sun lunging across the room and swinging his fist, the backhand takes ah-Puch across the face. ah-Puch’s nose disappears in a gout of blood, his lips are torn open in a dozen places and release their own red droplets. The fists of Sun move fast now, there is the sound crack, crack, crack as his brother is knocked around and slammed into the walls. Down ah-Puch goes onto his knees, his eyes roll back and his teeth are red with his own blood. Sun is not fooling around, the deaths of his people have taken all playfulness from him. His foot flies up and takes ah-Puch alongside his head, thwock is the sound of the blow, ah-Puch is knocked onto his side and thinks, this is the end.
But ah-Puch is not the younger brother, and Sun is not the older. These two gods were born in the same instant. Sun was born from the red plumeria flower, ah-Puch was born from the black plumeria flower, those petals unfolded in the same heartbeat and released these two gods at the same time. They are equals, they are evenly matched in power.
They say a man does not know his strength until he is tested, and so it was for ah-Puch. He is knocked down by Sun and on his knees, the blood is flowing in streams from his face, Sun’s heat has blistered his flesh. This is when ah-Puch learns he cannot stand against Sun’s full strength, and he will never again look his brother square in the face. The night becomes the natural home of ah-Puch, the brothers will only glimpse each other from a distance from that time forth.
But ah-Puch also learns that Sun’s greatest blows cannot kill him and can only knock him to his knees. Here is ah-Puch performing the impossible, he rises to his feet and summons to him his black obsidian blade. Slash, slash, slash goes the knife of the night, Sun’s skin parts and the muscle underneath is revealed. Back staggers Sun, under the slashing of the black knife. And now there is another new thing, another innovation: Sun in his fear and pain cries out for a weapon of his own, and there it is. It was there all the time, it was born with him, but he has never used it before and never knew it was there. Into Sun’s hands appears a staff of red chacte wood, bloodwood this is called, it is heavily carved with sacred symbols and becomes fire in the hands of the sun. It is a rod of fire that Sun now holds. Whoosh goes the bloodwood staff, its end swings around in Sun’s hands and bounces off ah-Puch’s skull, and his head snaps to the side. Even gods would die from such a blow, there is no spirit in all the creation that could withstand such force, and ah-Puch’s blood is a geyser blasting out of his head.  ah-Puch is knocked to the side and smacks into the wall and bounces, he weaves like a drunk. This is when ah-Puch’s face is broken, his handsomeness is knocked aside and all the wickedness in him is revealed. Sun did that to him, no one else ever could.
Whoosh goes the bloodwood staff, right into ah-Puch’s gut, this time the blood shoots from ah-Puch‘s mouth. ah-Puch is weeping with pain from all this punishment, he has never dreamed there can be so much hurt in the world. But again, he is as great as his brother, and when the bloodwood staff swings around the third time the black knife meets it, and it is stilled. Now it is Sun who stumbles, and slash goes the black knife, and the skin and muscle over Sun’s heart are parted. ah-Puch has decided to cut Sun’s heart out, he bends himself now to that purpose.
For a long time it is the two of them in this dance of murder. There is whooshing and slashing, there are thrusts and feints, the feet of both gods move quickly this way and that as those two seek to put each other to an end. The black knife is invincible, its edge takes ever more blood from the sun, and at the same time more and more of ah-Puch’s bones crack under the blows of the bloodwood staff. Sun is amazed, here he is the lord of all creation, the very builder of everything, and his brother is bowed before him but not broken. The walls of that room are knocked down, the floor is cracked and splintered. All the furnishings are destroyed. Sweat flies from the two gods and spatters and evaporates in Sun’s heat. 
Then there is the moment when they realize that neither can defeat the other.  It is unbelievable, neither one can accept it, but it is true. Back they step, ah-Puch goes one way and Sun another, and they are staring hard at each other in the half-light of the underworld.

In the garden of the gods all the lesser gods and goddesses are in hiding, they are unnerved by the sounds of the fight in the underworld. None of them can even stand in the same world as Sun when he is enraged, much less be of assistance to him. But Moon is still sensible. She was born three heartbeats after Sun and ah-Puch, her flower unfolded only moments after theirs. Some people say that this means women are weaker than men, because Moon was born after the two male gods, and some say that women are more thoughtful because Moon had longer to ponder things in her white plumeria flower, and so women stand aside when hot-blooded men cut each other up. It is hard to say who is correct. But it is true that there are not just two great gods, but three. One is a goddess, and though she is young in those days, it is Moon’s greatness that has not yet been revealed.

So here is the coming of Moon to the underworld, she cannot believe the noise of the fighting between Sun and ah-Puch and must see for herself what is happening. She has spent forever trying to talk the other gods and goddesses into assisting Sun, trying to talk the animal lords into helping Sun, but they are all too weak and therefore useless. It is an annoyed and frustrated Moon who rides a beam of silvered light down to the underworld and sees what it looks like when an entire world is on fire. She is dizzied by smoke and make sick by the sight of all the dead servants of ah-Puch. Corpses lie about as far as she can see.  Sun killed them all with his fire, he has not yet learned mercy. Moon is lost to herself as she follows Sun’s black footprints melted into the stone steps of ah-Puch’s palace. Through the chambers she goes, and then she is in the room of the bolon-tiku, but they are long since fled. For a few heartbeats she thinks she is alone, but then she hears a growl and turns to see another in that place. It is Lord Jaguar, he was strong enough to stand his ground. Maybe it’s just that Sun never looked at him directly as he did the bolon-tiku, or maybe it is true that Jaguar is really that strong. After all, he is the lord of all animals, that is no small thing.
Jaguar goes pad pad pad across the stone floor and is standing only a few steps away from Moon. Moon wonders at Jaguar because he is not the same animal she met before. Sun’s passing has burnt his fur golden on the top and sides of his body, but there are black marks all over him from the night, and his belly is black as tar.
“You shall not pass,” are Jaguar’s words to Moon. His teeth are visible, his claws are out, the hairs on the back of his neck stand up.  Moon can see that she cannot fight this great animal lord. She is not a warrior, the raised weapon is not her way.
“I have something for you,” she says to Jaguar, and she raises her hand and wiggles her fingers.
Jaguar looks at that hand, he is thinking of reaching out with his claws and tearing if off her arm. 
“My master is busy killing that burning god,” Jaguar says to Moon. “When that is done he will come for you. You are good enough to be his whore, that will be your place in things.” Jaguar says this with contempt and small regard, he doesn’t think much of Moon. He knows he is more powerful and hardly gives her a thought.
Moon holds out her hand so that Jaguar can see that there is no weapon there, and then she reaches to Jaguar and touches his ears. She gives little scratches here and there, her moonlight turns the tufts inside his ears to brilliant white. It is all Moon can do not to giggle when she sees this, here is a little of her power on this great animal. Moon’s fingers touch Jaguar’s snout and turn it white, and then she lowers his hand to Jaguar’s belly and gives great scratches.  Jaguar begins to purr, he is defeated by pleasure. His leg begins to thump on the floor, he gives a huge grin and sits down and raises his head for Moon to scratch under his chin. His belly fur turns moon-white, and the hair under his chin turns white, and when Moon crouches down and scratches his feet they too turn white under her touch. That is why today the jaguar has three colors, all three of the greatest gods have put their marks on him. But when one-colored jaguars are born they are always black. That is how we know they are ah-Puch’s creation and not Sun’s, the mark of the night is strongest on this animal. So now every jaguar is free to serve any of the three great gods as they choose, this is the only animal strong enough to pick its own master.
Over and over Moon scratches Jaguar, the pleasure goes through him in tingles, goes through him in waves. He falls onto his back and reveals his belly.  Moon is merciless with her gift. Soon Jaguar is asleep, this defender of ah-Puch is totally defeated by the thin fingers of a young woman. Moon continues her journey through ah-Puch’s destroyed palace. Room after room she explores, she turns away from all the death and hides her face from the wickedness she finds there. At last she comes to the room where ah-Puch and Sun are standing and catching their breath. The wounds on those two are beyond belief. Moon can only look at them and marvel at their hate. That is when she discovers the fierceness in her own heart. She does not want to release either of these gods, she wants them both for herself. They were both with her at the creation, she feels that to accept one over the other would be to lose half of her very being.  She will not tolerate this. Her life in Sun’s garden has been very easy, Sun sees that food is plentiful and her life contains no sorrows. So she feels that she should not have to give up anything, there is no reason to make choices at all. 
Here is Moon walking in there with all the spit and the sweat and the blood and the fire. There are patches of darkness from ah-Puch, in the corners, and there are flames where the furnishings used to be. Moon walks right up to those two and seizes their arms, one hand on each god. They are startled by her strength, they have never felt her firmness before.
“This is over now,” she says to them. “You will stop fighting, and you will get along again. Live in separate palaces if you must, but I will see both of you.  I will go between light and darkness as I wish and have what I want. Neither of you will strike down the other, I forbid it.” She looks from one to the other, and there is duplicity as ah-Puch hides his wickedness from her. He still desires her, weak as he thinks she is. So does Sun. Moon is lovely in her radiance, she has the scent of youth, and though those two are thinking of her with a little more respect for stating her position, both feel they can easily have her in the old way again, once they have disposed of each other.
Moon sees their disregard for each other and squeezes their arms tighter.  Blood runs over her fingers, her hands slip because there is so much blood. But her strength is undeniable, and both those gods turn toward her.  
Then ah-Puch tries to shrug her off, and Sun does the same. They both jerk their shoulders and pull their arms, they both push at Moon. She won’t let go, her face is set and her lips are a hard line. Her eyebrows are knit.
“Do you hear me?” she says to them. “I will have you both. I will come and go from one to the other. You will not degrade me by taking the other from me.  I forbid it.”
Maybe it’s the word ‘forbid’ that these two gods don’t like. No one forbids either of them anything. They punch at Moon now, gone is their gentleness.  Their blows rain down on her, but she will not let go. Things are getting more serious between the three of them.
Out goes Moon’s hands, first Sun’s head rocks back from her slap, then ah-Puch’s. Her voice has gone hard and cutting, and she says, “This fight is finished now.”
And those two gods have had enough of Moon. Sun seizes one arm, and ah-Puch seizes the other. They pull her this way and that, they push her around.  She pushes back, she slaps at them, she calls them dickless and stupid. No one has heard taunting before, it is Moon’s own innovation, and those two don’t like it one bit. Fists are made and thrown, Moon is bruised and battered. All three of them grow hot and angry. Sun flickers alight again, ah-Puch’s lips pull back in a snarl, Moon is screeching. Those two men grab Moon by the arms and legs and pull at her and shout at her to shut up, they try to throw her aside but she hangs on and won’t let go. All three of them forget themselves, their fury is up and they twist and wrench at each other. But in the end it is not a fair fight, there are two men and only one woman. Suddenly Moon’s face is shocked and surprised. Her body is not strong enough. The two male gods give her a hard yank, and Moon is torn in half. Her body rips open, her guts spill out, her rib cage cracks up the middle. Blood flies everywhere. Her very head breaks into two pieces, and her brains fall out. She is just meat and pooling blood, the life flees from her.
The two gods drop the pieces of her and stand there, and it is at this time that they are most revealed. ah-Puch begins to laugh. He kicks at Moon, and he calls her a silly bitch, and then he pushes aside his loincloth and pisses on her remains. The great yellow blast goes on forever, until she is soaked in his filth.  Never has ah-Puch seen anything so pathetic or funny as the look on her face when she died, now there is one less great god and only one left to destroy. ah-Puch will rule alone, he doesn’t need a woman by his side when he has the bolontiku for company.
“Ha, ha, ha,” laughs ah-Puch, he does a little dance of death, up on his tiptoes.  “Did you see that ridiculous look, Sun?” he says. For a moment even his anger at his brother is forgotten. It is the first time a god has died, and now ah-Puch knows it can be done. He is always pleased with more knowledge of destruction, it is enough to take away his anger.
But Sun isn’t laughing. He is full of emotion and can’t even name what he is feeling. Tears begin to pour down his face, fiery tears raise white blisters on his skin.
His brother is amazed at this. “Why are you weeping, brother? She is nothing, there are plenty of other women. If you want sex just screw your own creations, why else make them? Forget this one.”
All the fight goes out of Sun. He doesn’t even look at his brother, he feels sorry for ah-Puch because his brother is revealing himself to have no heart at all.  He summons a net bag and puts into it all the pieces of Moon, all her guts and parts. He even scoops blood into the net bag, but it runs out. He summons a sunbeam and rises up out of ah-Puch’s palace, back to the garden of the gods and his own home. He does not look at his brother, he will never again look ah-Puch in his broken face. Their anger is gone, but their hate remains.
Sun drops Moon on the floor of his palace, and there is a small miracle, too small for Sun to notice: her blood drips down through the cracks in the paving stones of Sun’s palace and soaks through the ground and then drips from the garden of the gods into our world. There is a lot of it, all this blood drips down through the air and into a hollow peak called First Mountain. It is a magical place that came into being by itself early in the creation. It is in our world, far far away. There is dirt inside that place, and light and heat from early in the creation. Moon’s blood soaks into the magical soil of that place, and sure enough, something is created from it. Maize sprouts out of the ground, green shoots raise themselves and then grow tall and strong. The heads form all by themselves, and the tassels grow out, and the ears ripen. A new god is born, the Maize God rises from the blood-soaked soil and becomes the patron of all corn.
Sun doesn’t see this. Sun doesn’t see anything, in the state he is in. Moon is not a strong creator. Some of her children are, but she isn’t. Sun has laughed at her sometimes for this, for making only small things and not big things like he himself does. But he is realizing now that he has made it all for her, he has made everything in the world either to please Moon or to annoy her, or to amaze her. He is finding that he does not have a place without her, his life is as hollow as First Mountain.
The other gods and goddesses, all the lesser ones that fill Sun’s palace, come out of their hiding places and see the tears of the sun, and they grieve even without knowing why. One by one they sit down in council. No one speaks, Sun’s misery is so strong it takes their voices away. Sun puts his hand over Moon’s remains, and they are incinerated. What is left of her turns to ash and then to soot, she becomes nothing more than a black smudge on the floor of Sun’s palace.  Then Sun just sits there and stares.  The animal lords come and sit with those gods and goddesses, they too are grieving for Sun. No one can say anything.
Who can say which of them is the very first to conceive a spectacular new idea? Maybe none of them, maybe it took them all working together. One of them reaches out and wipes a hand on the smudge and comes away with blackened fingers. Then another one does it. Then one of the animal lords reaches out a paw and takes up some soot. Before long all of them have blackened paws and fingertips, and there is nothing left on the floor. Sun doesn’t comment on this, he is not truly there any more. The life is ebbing from him, without Moon. All this time his tears flow.
The gods and the goddesses and the animal lords mumble, and they murmur, and they chant. They say their power words, they pool their strengths, each bares his or her wisdom. There is great magic in that council, and great power.
Someone flicks a hand, and a fleck of soot flies onto the floor and becomes flesh.  But it is whole flesh, not torn, however small it might be. And an animal lord flicks a paw, and another piece of Moon is restored. Each piece is tiny, so small it can hardly be seen, it is no mean feat to restore a great goddess to life. It takes dozens of them, great and small, to even have a chance. The council goes on for days, servants bring food and drink and keep them all fed. Their voices rise and fall, rise and fall. They go hoarse, and they recover their voices again. Who can say how long all this takes? In the end Moon’s dead body lies on the floor, whole and unbroken, but her spirit is gone.

Here is the coming of the king of the animals, Lord Jaguar has decided to venture to the garden of the gods. No one can stop him, no one tries to. He is not afraid of any of them. He is not a sentimental lord, Jaguar, but he remembers Moon’s scratching and wants more. So he walks past that council as they debate what to do with a Moon who is complete again but lifeless. Jaguar goes to the tree of life and stretches his powerful muscles and slides out his claws. None of them see this, or they might be frightened of him. Up the tree of life he goes, his claws carve long furrows in the bark but he does not slide back or fall. His ears are laid flat against his head from his concentration, and it takes a long time to get to the upper branches where he is going. Then pad pad pad he walks out along the branches, searching here and there, until at last he finds that special white flower that is Moon’s alone. It is her spirit, separated from her body and returned to the tree of life to be reborn as somebody else.
“Not this time,” are Jaguar’s words. He takes that flower in his mouth and plucks it as fine as day, and then back down the trunk he goes. Going down is even harder than going up, there is pounding in Jaguar’s head from the blood rushing down his body. Maybe a bird could have done this task more easily, but no bird thought of it. Jaguar alone thinks of cheating death and bringing Moon’s soul back. His reasons are entirely selfish, this is Jaguar’s way, it is hard for him to think of anyone but himself. Into the palace of Sun he pads, with his head held high. There is no one else there. The other animal lords have given up and returned to their places, the other gods and goddesses have given up and returned to their own places. Jaguar will always think less of them for this, he will never forgive their weakness. He belongs to the three great ones only, the others have no hold on him.
Lord Jaguar goes to Moon’s body and drops her white-flower soul right into her heart. Her eyes fly open, and the first thing she sees is not Jaguar but Sun and all his tears. Jaguar will eventually get the scratching he craves, don’t worry, but for now he must sit at the side and wait his turn.
“What is wrong with you?” Moon says to Sun. Then she remembers everything.  She remembers being torn in half, and she remembers ah-Puch pissing on her body, and she remembers the sorrow of Sun. And there is tenderness, Moon rises onto her knees and gives many kisses to Sun, she doesn’t just want sex any more but wants the compassion in him as well. In that moment she lets go of ah-Puch, there is no love in that god, what she had with him seems small and pitiful. ah-Puch will forever afterward be lonely, only when Moon feels sorry for him and comes to visit will he have any real companionship. He will have the bolon-tiku, in their evil and their weakness, and he will have endless servants and slaves, and for him that must be enough.
The kisses of Moon bring Sun back to himself, he takes her in his arms and loves her properly. That is when they stop being young and carefree and gain in wisdom and courage. They marry, and they have children, and they become Father Sun and Mother Moon as we know them today. Their love will grow very strong and become an example to the other gods and goddesses and an example to our ancestors as well. They were the first true lovers, the others until that time were only playing. Theirs are the very first children, and after that our ancestors began to have children as well. So it was that though ah-Puch released death into the world, Father Sun and Mother Moon released new life and the joys that children bring.
As they say, for those willing to sweat a little there is no end to the good things of the earth.

Light and Heat
On the day 17 Ch’en 8 Kan I was ten years in this world and became a boy.  For three days before this day my father and my oldest uncle drank only water and ate only ritual bread, to purify themselves for the ceremony.  On my birthday my father woke me just after Father Sun rose, and in our courtyard my uncle made a small fire by our lineage-shrine.  He placed onto my forehead a feather tiara my mother created, and then he said a prayer and jabbed my forehead nine times with the knucklebone of one of our ancestors, to drive away the nine lords of the night, and then one more time to drive away ah-Puch.  That was what he said when he did that, he told me the reason for his actions.   
“Have you done any wicked things, as a child?” said my uncle.  
“No, only a few stupid things,” I said.  
“Name them,” he said, and I named some embarrassing things I had done.  As I said each one, my uncle swatted my head with a white fan, and when we were finished, he dropped the fan into the fire.  It must be said that there were only a few swats, this part of the ceremony did not take long.  
Then my father exchanged my child’s waist cloth for a boy’s waist cloth, and he burned the old one.  My uncle put a little gruel made from maize and cacao into my hand, and I flicked this and the feather tiara into the fire, so that the child in me would be burnt to ash and the boy could sprout.  The last thing my uncle did was to draw straight lines on my face and hands and feet, with brown body-paint also made from maize and cacao juice.  
“This is Father Sun’s sign, the straight line,” he said.  “Now you must begin walking it.”  
My uncle did not ask me, as he had with Atlatla, to declare my path.  I was not the oldest son, and so this was my father's question to ask and not my lineage-father’s.  
That evening my mother made a little feast for me, as she had when Atlatla became a boy.  Even the foods were the same.  My father's brothers and their families came, it was pleasant to be seen so fully by my lineage.  My father gave me a set of my own dishes like those of my older brother, but my plate carried the signs of our ancestors for nine generations instead of thirteen.  My oldest uncle gave me a small wheel of ceiba wood with twenty tiny symbols along the edge.  
“These are the signs for the holy days,” said my uncle.  “I can teach you their names now, and their significance.  When you are a man I can teach you how to honor them fully.  But for now you can at least name them without danger, and understand them, a little.”   
After our feast my father said to me, 
“The storyteller came, yesterday afternoon.  He wants to know if you might want to walk his path.”  He looked at me, but I did not say anything for many heartbeats.  
“I see the path of the priest, and I see the path of the storyteller,” I said finally.  Both of these are long and difficult paths, both take years to learn. The storyteller had come asking about me, so that path was open.  If I wanted to become a priest I would have to go to his work-son, Akbal Nik, and declare myself; the priest himself would not see me until I was a man.  
“Then your uncle should ask our ancestors for guidance,” said my father. 
“Very good,” I said.  It was strange to talk with my father like this, and to be seen; I was pinned in his vision like an animal under the claws of the puma.  It was Atlatla I thought of then, beaten bloody and weeping, and I nodded and turned away.    
After this conversation my father did not go outside for a cigar, as he usually did after dinner.  Instead he looked at my new waist-cloth, and then he went to the room Atlatla and I had shared.  He was in there for many heartbeats, and when he came out from behind the cane wall his face was tired and unhappy.  Then he went and got some cactus fruit liquor and sat on his stump in front of our hut and drank the entire gourdful.  My mother said nothing about this, she only told me that I looked much taller than when I was a child.  Later that evening she brought my father inside. 
That night I slept poorly, because I understood so clearly my place in the hut of my father and the position my brother would always have there. 

The next morning my uncle performed a divination for me.  That day was 18 Ch’en 9 Chicchan, a good day for discoveries.  My father brought him a turkey to sacrifice, because of the importance of the question, and with a sliver of flint my uncle cut its throat above the shrine of our ancestors. Then he performed the divination, he counted the seeds and prayed.  
“Which of the paths before this boy will receive the stronger light and heat?” he asked.  
Two times he performed the divination, two times he counted seeds and days.  His face showed nothing, but I understood from his silences that something was odd.  
“A sign will be sent,” he said to my father, finally.  “He must be patient.” 
“Patient for how long?” 
“Until our ancestors are ready to guide him.” 
My father was not pleased with this divining, he wanted a third time with the seeds and stones.  
“The answer was clear,” my uncle said.  “He should wait for a sign.”  
When we returned to my father’s hut, he grumbled, “For a turkey, couldn’t our ancestors have simply said what they want you to know?”  
Later my father told my mother about the divination, and she said, “One of my sisters was told to wait for a sign, and it did not come for seven years.” 
“He will be a man by then,” said my father.  “If a sign does not come soon, he can just decide which path he wants, and our ancestors can correct him if they really want to.”  

The next day was 19 Ch’en 10 Cimi, a strong day for ancestors.  I walked all around the village, trying to look everywhere for signs, until I realized that people were watching my strangeness and had to stop.  
And this is what I noticed, now that I was a boy and could be seen in the village:  nothing was different for me.  Instead of looking from the sides of their eyes people looked at my face, but as though I was far away.  It was only courtesy they showed me, no one was truly friendly when I came near. Nothing would change until Atlatla and I married and had sons.  Only then would people believe that the curse on our lineage had ended.  What I saw when I spoke with people were masks, and I thought of the ix-Xtabai, the spirit that is only a mask of a pretty woman used by certain very old, evil ceiba trees to lure people close enough to murder.  My life was better when I was a child, when people did not see me at all and I was hidden from them. 
During that day I thought of the words my mother had said, about our ancestors sometimes requiring years to make their wishes clear.  Soon it would be known in howler monkey clan that I had not declared a path, that I was doing nothing.  Boys are sometimes caned for this; it is said to be laziness that causes their confusion.  So I went to sleep rubbing my charm pouch and thinking of curses and the lick of the cane.  
That night a fearful dream occurred to me.  It came not long after I went to sleep and brought wet darkness into my head.  This was the chill that came in my dream:  it was like water from the bottom of the river, surrounding me. There were others in the darkness, their hands turned me this way and that.  I could not stir, I could make no sounds, when I tried to cry out I woke instead.  My body was shaking, and my breath came out in a little puff.  But then I did not notice myself any more, there was a sound from outside our hut.  It was a splashing of water, but there is no stream in our lineage-compound.  And I thought:  I know what these are, this dream and this sound must be the sign my uncle had spoken of.  My ancestors did not want me to receive a caning, there would not be a seven-year wait in this matter of choosing my path.  The chill was the touch of distant ancestors, the darkness and the water were the portal to the underworld.  Because of these thoughts I pushed aside my blanket and put on my waist-cloth and went outside.  
The door of our hut is like the door of all the huts in the village, it faces east in the proper way.  It is not possible to see anything from our doorway except our lineage-courtyard and the huts of my uncles and some flowering trees that my grandfather planted.  But that night I stood in our courtyard and saw the tops of the temples in the city of our fathers, as I had seen them from the road with my brother.  They were faint white in Mother Moon’s glow.  It was just for a moment that I saw this, then there was only the night. 
I went back inside and put on my sandals, and I picked up my blowgun and pellets.  The desire of my ancestors seemed clear:  I was to journey to the city of my fathers.  There could be no going by day, someone would see me on the trails, my mother would notice if I was gone so long.  Our lineage-compound is on the north side of the village, there are not many others near, and I went past those and the mat house.  At the edge of the jungle I stopped. Mother Moon was in her awakening time, her light was not so strong, and the trail was filled with darkness.  There were rustling sounds from the bushes, and the crunch of leaves, and some animal shook branches.  Beyond the acantuns there was no protection from spirits.  When hunters go into the jungle, or milpa farmers, or herb gatherers, they say special prayers.  I had no such knowledge; for me there was my brother’s charm-pouch, alone. 
When I squeezed the stinking hide the iik-stone was what I felt, the green jade of life.  I thought, my ancestors are making a plan for me, they must have told my brother in a dream to send this stone and this pouch, and then they sent me a dream to go to the city.  They were laying down a path, and it was my place to walk it.  So I set down my blowgun, I just hid it in the bushes and gave myself to my ancestors.  There were broken branches and bushes at the mouth of the trail, and I found a twisted sapling that made a good staff.  On the standing stone my brother had shown me one of our ancestors held a staff in his hand, and I would do the same, on the old road. 
This is the truth about jungle trails at night:  there are rattling palm leaves and buzzing cidadas and snapping twigs.  Even in the brightest moonlight, there are only grey shapes of trees and bushes.  I went nine steps, maybe thirteen, and the noises changed.  I was beyond the east acantun, and suddenly sounds burst all around me as animals ran away.  Nearly I turned back, there were so many noises.  I did not go forward boldly.  It was carefully that I walked, pushing the end of the staff into the leaves in front of me so that kan koch the fer-de-lance would strike wood instead of me.  The webs of spiders wrapped around my face and clung to my arms, and I brushed them and their weavers quickly away.  And I stumbled on stones, and roots tripped me, and I struck my head on woody vines, and I was certain I would never find the city before I fumbled to death in the dark.  A hunter can go to Ch’ulwitznal in the morning and return before Father Sun is high, but it would be harder for a boy, in the dark.  A hundred times I squeezed my charm-pouch, a hundred times the iik-stone dug into my fingers.  That was the strength that moved me, my own body was just a bruise-toy for the amusement of the plants.  
Then I came onto the edge of the road, and the way was smooth before me.  The trail from the village was not so long, the darkness had stretched it to seem much longer.  Xinan the scorpion moved near me, many scorpions clicked across the stones.  Xinan is a child of Lady Insect, he does not serve ah-Puch, and so I stepped over him without fear.  
On the road there were no more vines, no more spider webs, no more hidden roots, and I walked freely.  At the standing stone I halted before my ancestor and presented my staff to him, then I walked down the old road to the edge of the city.  It did not take long, the road was easy to follow, and when I came to a round marker-stone I knew from the stories that I was at Ch'ulwitznal, the city of my fathers.  
And this is what I could see from that place:  almost nothing, and darkness. Mother Moon's face was hidden behind clouds.  There were shapes of trees to the north, there were small pyramid-mountains to the south, and before me was a low, round stone two paces wide that was flat on top and carved with many picture-words on its edges.  There were carved men in the center of this stone, but I could not see them clearly.  
In that place I stood for many heartbeats.  In the last days of their war with the mountain city, our ancestors became crazed.  They killed their own children, it is said, to feed ah-Puch’s hunger and gain strength from him.  These were called sacrifices, but in truth they were just murders, ah-Puch twisted our ancestors for his own pleasure.  The warriors of the two cities fought in the mountains and in the jungles and on these roads.  There were curses called out by the priests, ah-Puch gave them poisoned words to throw at each other, many people died of blood vomit and fear-burst hearts.  The old stories say that our ancestors’ souls still move in the city, they can enter into people and cause killing madness.  Only the priest can go into Ch’ulwitznal, for certain holy days; all others should only go as far as the round stones.  
Far ahead were three pyramid-mountains, higher than all the other buildings; they were the ones I had seen with my brother, and in my dream. Under the clouds they were dark, but under Mother Moon’s face their stones shimmered white.  It was then that I made a decision, I asserted myself before my ancestors:  I would continue to give myself to the protection of my brother’s iik’-stone.  I would enter the city and walk to the three pyramid-mountains.  If there were further signs, I would be watchful along the way.  
There was no wind and no thunder when I passed the round stone.  No animals came, not even the potoo, nor did I hear its cry.  The road ended there, after the round stone were flat paving stones that covered the earth, and I walked on those to the center of Ch'ulwitznal.  All around me were many ruined huts and long stone buildings whose use I did not know.  Even after nine generations they stood, there were only some holes in the roofs and walls.  There were small temples, always these were in threes, facing east.  I did not visit any of these places, not even one.  It was ancient spirits I feared, because of the murder they contained in their beings.  
Once there were gurgling sounds that gave me great fright.  It was by some fallen huts that this sound came to me, it seemed to live in the air and was very loud.  In my ten years in this world I had never heard such a noise, not from any bird or insect or animal.  Even ain the crocodile does not make this sound, when his mouth is full of water; he only hisses when he spits it out.  Straight toward the center of the city I walked, very quickly, until those sounds were behind me and distant.  

The heart of the city of our fathers is a great square platform, built up as high as a tall man.  It must have taken generations, moving and packing and plastering over the earth, to raise up such a thing.  On the west side of this are two stairways cut into the platform, this is how one ascends.  Before these stairways are standing stones with carvings of men, and picture-words.  I did not know their purpose, they were in the wrong place to be acantuns.  I presented my staff to the carved men and said, 
“Tzicile Kakmo’ is the name of my lineage-father, my thirteenth-generation ancestor.  This was his place:  the mat house.  This was the number of his sons:  eleven.  It is in his name that I request to pass.”  This is all I said, because I was only a boy who did not yet know his own lineage-song.  Just bits of it were in me, I put a few of these together and sang them and walked up the stairs onto the central plaza.  
Here is the world at the top of the platform:  there are three huge pyramid-mountains, with temples at the top.  Their feet are square, and they have tiers as they rise.  In front of each pyramid-mountain is a row of three or four standing stones, and a round stone.  The greatest pyramid-mountain is to the east; it is the temple of Father Sun, and it has thirteen tiers.  On the north side of the plaza is the temple of Mother Moon, it is smaller but also has thirteen tiers.  To the west is ah-Puch's temple, with nine tiers; it is the lowest and narrowest.  Between these three is the plaza where our ancestors worshipped and danced.  Nothing grew in that place, not grass or trees or vines, not even weeds.  And this is the size of that plaza:  all the eight hundred people of my village could dance before the pyramid-mountains, and all the five hundred people of Chacwitz, and still there would be empty space for many more. 
The great plaza was quiet, even the cicadas sounded very far away.  It was the temples that made the stillness; the strength of the gods and the goddesses brought peace to that place.  I walked past the temple of ah-Puch, the end of my staff knocked on the plaster as I stepped.  And in the center of the city was a large, round stone, buried in the earth so that only its flat top was seen.  It was carved with many men sitting and talking, and picture-words surrounded them.  I did not walk onto this but only stood before it and wondered what their names were, wondered if any of them were men of my lineage.  Again I presented my staff, but no sign was shown to me.   And I thought, ‘I am far from my father and mother, I should not be in this place.’  Only the dream of my ancestors held me there.  Only my brother’s iik-stone gave me strength in my aloneness.  
That was when I made another decision; truly the boy in me was sprouting from the ashes of the child!  Because it was in a night-dream that I saw the temples shining, I went to the pyramid-mountain of Mother Moon and climbed the stairway.  For a boy's legs those steps were high, and there was moisture on the stone from the breath of the night, and it was long climbing, and slippery, and the hard ground looked farther and farther away.  
At the top of the stairs was the white-stone temple of Mother Moon.  It was not large, only the size of my father's hut, with an open doorway to the east.  Through this I could see out another doorway on the other side.  Because I am not a priest I did not go into that place but only looked through. At the sides of the doorway were picture-words and carvings of Mother Moon with her smiling young woman's face and the serious face of her years of strength.  On the crest of the temple, above everything, was a great carving of Mother Moon.  She was seated and talking with others, but I could not see them well.  Only Mother Moon was clear, I saw her eyes over me, and they were looking not up at the fifth world but down onto the city. 
Those stone eyes had seen the days of cacao and jade, when our ancestors were strong and wise, and they had seen the days of madness, when the people of the city were devoured by ah-Puch's hunger, and they had seen the empty days since the war, when only animals lived in the old buildings. And now they saw me.  I stepped under the edge of the roof, where I was no longer visible, and then I turned around to look out over the city.  
From that high place I saw pyramid-mountains and temples and palaces and plazas in all directions.  The road I had walked on and the buildings I had seen were only a tiny part of Ch’ulwitznal.  At the edges of the city trees and vines were growing over the huts, but the plazas were still clear, the pyramid-mountains were not overgrown.  Maybe it was the magic of the ancient priests that kept the stones bare, or the power of the sorcerors that did this.  I understood then that the stories were true, there had been many thousands of people in the city when ah-Puch broke my ancestors and desolated their homes.  
Then I could not look any more, I could not bear to see how crushed we had become.  My heart shrank too much to keep seeing.  All around me was the sign of ah-Puch’s power, silence was peace but was also the cry of his victory.  It was silence that followed the death of children, silence that followed the death of Chelna, silence that came to Ch’ulwitznal after ah-Puch’s destruction.  I lowered my eyes from the empty city and climbed down from that place.  
In the plaza I dropped my staff in front of the round-stone men.  The staff is the sign of the priest; I would not seek that path.  The priest and his work-son and the wise-woman herbalist fight for the people, they go in front to attack ah-Puch and his servants.  That was not how I felt in my own heart. 
“I have seen your city, I have seen your works,” I said to my ancestors on the stone.  “I will carry the old stories for you.  I will not let our people forget what happened in this place.”

Mother Moon did not show her face for the rest of that night, not in the city and not on the road.  Though I was very tired, I walked quickly.  Maybe I rubbed my brother’s charm-pouch, I do not remember.  It was the empty buildings, the empty plazas, that filled my heart.  When I came past the acantun, there was not yet a sliver of light in the east, and the village was quiet.  Beneath my blanket I slept without dreams, and the next day I asked my father to speak with the storyteller, without telling him of my visit to the city.  

Early on the day 1 Yax 12 Lamat my father had his discussion with K’aakik’.  He took gifts of tobacco and chilis, and he and the storyteller spoke all morning.  When he returned he was red-faced and strutting oddly, my father was suffering greatly.  He does not like to talk much, and a storyteller is all words.  He looked at me hard before he spoke, I think to be certain I comprehended the pain that the discussion had caused him.  
“This is how it is, then,” he said to my mother and me.  “The storyteller will take you as a work-son.  But his path is full of things to know, there is too much to learn a little now and a little later.  You must take your meals with the storyteller, his wife will cook for you.  For now you will sleep here, but in a year, if you are not stupid, you will move your sleeping bench into his hut.  Then the difficult teachings begin.  Such is the price of this path.”  
“I understand,” I said.  It is this way for the work-sons of the priest, and the work-daughters of the wise-woman, as well.  
“Tomorrow morning go to the storyteller’s hut, and you will begin.”  
My father looked unhappily at my mother, as though he would say something more, but then he took up his maize shucker and net bag and went to harvest his milpa.  
“It is only training,” I said to my mother.  “I will not be so far as Atlatla.” 
“It is the immorality of the storyteller your father worries about,” said my mother.  “You’ve heard what people say.”  
And this is what I had heard said of the storyteller: he and his wife did not live together.  They quarrelled so savagely that she had miscarried four infants, and their little son died in his sleep.  The priest said it was better for them to live apart than to live together and kill their children with bitterness. Even those hard words, even a fierce caning for K’aakik’, could not make them set aside their quarrels, and so the storyteller lived in the storyteller’s hut, and his wife lived in the hut he built when they were married.  It was only their duties they performed; she cooked for him and made his clothing, and he kept her hut and gave her food and barter-maize.  For their anger, they were cursed with no more children.  Since they were in their years of strength, there was no burning of the marriage, no second planting.  It was better they lived in this immoral way than broken apart and alone, as lunatics. 
This was the man whose path I was walking, and my mother spoke truthfully when she hinted that people would find more to say about me and my family.  The place of the storyteller is an esteemed one, but strange.  Storytellers wear masks of gods and goddesses, animals and ancestors and the dead.  They do not show their own face when they walk their path but are always someone else.  They dance alone, they speak the words of others instead of their own, they bring forth the memories of things people want to forget.  Walking this path would not end my frustrations, it would only be a new direction.  There would be a little respect for my choice, if I was not stupid, but now people would have the strangeness of the storyteller’s path to speak of as well as our lineage-curse.  In a way my choice would only provide extra nourishment for the sharp-tongued people of my village. 
When my father came home that evening with a gourd of cactus liquor, it was longing to share it with him, that I felt.  That was the first night I bore a tiny shard of the weight my father carried, that evening when I was ten years old and about to begin walking a respected path.  

The next day was 2 Yax 13 Muluc, a good day for boys and men to do things, but when I woke it was fearfulness I felt, and the desire to stay in my father’s hut.  It was he who woke me, who saw I was not rising very quickly and cuffed me playfully on the head.  
“Go, eat someone else’s food.  More for me.”  And so I rose grumbling, and my mother caressed my shoulder when I went out, and I was irritated because I was only going a hundred paces away.  But her eyes were weeping-red, and I left my father’s hut swiftly, to escape her sorrow.  
Hearts are traitors, I heard an old man say once, and in my traitorous heart I remembered that my mother had not been red-eyed when my brother went away to the mountains.  
The door-cloth of the storyteller’s hut was tied up, and he was sitting at the hearth fire with his wife.  I have said that K’aakik’ was a man in his middle years, like my father.  Though he did not lift and move heavy logs as my father did, he was muscled and very solid, his thick belly and heavy arms said, ‘strength’ and not ‘too much food’.  His face was not memorable, except for the lines around his mouth.  There was much suffering there, but his voice held no pain.  
“Sit, eat,” he said.  He was drinking cacao with chili powder, which boys are not allowed because of its heat, but there was refreshing hot maize drink and soft morning-tamales for me.  These were made by the storyteller’s wife, a hearth woman with a moon-round face who never smiled near her husband. One of her cheeks was fiercely scarred from their fights; people said he had struck her with a chunk of firewood and scored her face in this way.  
I thanked her for the breakfast she had made for me.  
“Eat, and I am pleased,” she said.  She did not eat with us, then or ever, and she did not stay near us while we fed ourselves but instead went outside and sat on the bench outside the storyteller’s hut.  When we were finished she washed our plates and left us.  
The storyteller said, “The first step on any path is maize.  Have you been to the milpas?”  
Nearly, stupidity overcame me, so that I almost said yes, with my brother, but then my intelligence returned, and I said, “No.”  
For a long moment the storyteller said nothing, he only looked annoyed. 
“Very well,” he said.  “There is a shucking stick hanging by the door.  You know it is harvest time for slow-growth maize?”  
I nodded my head and took up the shucker, it is shaped like a thin penis with a sharp tip, and he took up a second shucker and a carrying-basket, and we went into the jungle.  The storyteller’s field is close to the village and surrounded by other milpas, so I did not fear pumas or jaguars.  His milpa was not large, fifty paces to a side, but it was filled with maize stalks bearing fat ears.  And there were mounds of beans and squashes, many things were ready for harvest.  
The storyteller showed me how to snap off the ears of maize and pull away the tassels and then peel back the husk with the shucker, one thrust and the husk is torn away to hang from the bottom of the ear.  Then the ripe kernals are brought into the world:  yellow maize and white maize and red maize were the colors of the storyteller’s harvest.  There were three stalks of black maize as well, ah-Puch’s maize as it is called, it is his corrupted food from the beginning of time.  This we also harvested and dangled in the storyteller’s maize-house, so that ah-Puch would not be offended.  We placed it for the pleasure of the rats, since they can eat anything and stay strong. 
So it was that my first lesson as a storyteller was the proper harvesting of maize, and the twisting of fat squashes and bean-pods from their vines.  K’aakik’ spoke little during this instruction.  He showed me what to do and seemed pleased that I was careful with the food the gods and the goddesses had given us.  When we were hanging the maize ears in his hut he said, 
“Harvest goes twenty or thirty more days.  Because you are new to the milpa, I will not teach you anything else during this time.  When the rains begin, we will speak of storytelling.”  
“Very good,” I said.  Then we ate dinner, again his wife fed us wholesome things from the fields, and I returned to my parents.  My mother made me a tall vase of vanilla-cacao, and honey-bread, these things were hot and tasty.  When I told my father that I was learning the ways of the milpa, he nodded and looked at me from the sides of his eyes.  I was disappearing for him, he was handing me to the storyteller.  
“Now you will know how to grow food, when you marry,” said my mother.  It was a little fire she was trying to light, but I was not thinking of these things, her words made no sparks for me.  

For all that month of Yax I was a harvester and hanger of maize.  My fingers became green from twisting squashes and bean pods, and every day I returned to the storyteller’s hut tired and ready to begin discussing stories. On the day 13 Yax there was a storytelling, and so we did not harvest.  In the morning the storyteller hung the mask of the maize husk men on the pole in the center of the village, to remind everyone of the telling.  Then he brought the seven masks for the story into his hut from the special room where they are kept.  
“When harvest is finished, you will learn to care for the masks,” he said. “They must be kept free of dust and spider webs, and Lady Insect’s children must not be allowed to make their homes in them.  There are prayers for handling each mask, and I will teach these to you.”  He brought forth rags and brushes and small pots of paint and cleaned and repainted the masks; my place during all of this was to watch, and learn.  
That evening the storyteller painted his face white and became no one. When Father Sun was down we brought the masks to the story circle, and K’aakik’ lit a warm, red fire.  A stump was my place that evening, watching and listening was my duty.  Three hundred people came to the telling, there were four hundred people, maybe, and K’aakik’ stood unmoving as they made places for themselves.  Then he began the story of the maize husk men and the burnt harvest, he put on the masks and danced and said the words of the gods and the goddesses, and when he wore the mask of ah-Puch he leered at the people.  He just leaned toward them and hissed, ah-Puch’s voice was ugly, and cold.  And this is what I saw, that the children were wide-eyed, and their mothers listened, and the men were quiet and thoughtful when K’aakik’ told the story.  And this was the voice of the storyteller:  it was strong like the river, he did not just say words but gave forth the wisdom of our ancestors with his voice.  Each mask had its own spirit, each thing said carried its own light, Mother Moon’s defeat of ah-Puch made my heart beat faster in my chest, though I had heard this story before.  On that night I knew a little pride for my chosen path.  

On 12 Yax 10 Cauac the youngest daughter of my father's older brother was married.  This was the last of my cousins, she married a man of lineage Keh Ha'.  Her husband’s lineage father wanted the husband's labor in their own fields and orchards, and so they gave gifts instead of a bride service price.  The marriage ceremony ended early because of rain, and my cousin left for her husband's lineage-compound and went out of my life forever.  

Near the end of Yax, the day was 18 Yax 4 Oc, traders from Chacwitz came with word of Atlatla.  There were now frequent arguments between him and my mother’s father, they said, though they did not know what drove the splinter between those two.  My brother had become a strong treeclimber, and he had also learned to gather wild bee honey.  He said nothing of returning to us, there was not a whisper of this happening.  This time he sent no blades for my father; instead there were the fat seeds of some mountain fruits, to plant in our lineage-courtyard.  
“Of course he sends these a few days after my last blade breaks,” my father grumbled, but he took those seeds to his oldest brother right away, and on the next caban day they were planted.  They would become valuable indeed, if they could grow in the valley.  
For my mother there were two beads of amber, which is good for a woman’s health.  
For me there was nothing.  One of the traders said, 
“Your brother says he will send something for you when he hears your choice of paths.”  
“Then tell him, please, I will be a storyteller,” I said, and the trader nodded.  My mother and father had gifts for Atlatla and a pouch of cacao beans for the traders.  When they were leaving I walked with them a little way and asked their speaker to carry a few private words for me:  
“I have tied flowers to the tail of the quetzal, to keep it close.”  
He did not understand these words, but after I promised that there was no wicked magic wrapped in them, he agreed to take them to my brother.  In this way I told Atlatla that I understood his words to me from three years before, when he told me that our mother’s spirit sometimes flew outside her, and I told him that I would fight for our mother while he was gone.  I had to wait three years to tell him this because it was only when I was ten that I thought to hide meanings inside words that I could send with others.  It was thinking about stories that allowed me to do that; my ancestors’ clever words were making me more clever, too.  

After the harvest was completed and the dried maize stalks burned, K’aakik’ took me into the mask room and introduced me to the storyteller’s faces.  There are forty-five masks, each is cared for its own way.  The mask of Mother Moon has shells set in it that must be polished, Father Sun’s face has strips of copper that must be kept shining, the feathers in the mask of ix-Um need to be often replaced.  ah-Puch's mask has sharp teeth that must be bloodied so that he will be satiated, and it became my burden to prick myself for his sustenance.  
“These masks are seven generations old,” K’aakik’ told me.  “It is said that our ancestors and the gods and the goddesses look through their masks, sometimes, to make certain we are being respectful.  We keep them clean, we keep them strong.  We never play with them.”  
I looked at the faces hanging on their wall-pegs, staring so seriously at me.  “I understand,” I said.  And then K’aakik’ taught me the little prayers one must say before taking a mask down to clean it or use it in a telling, and I was careful to learn the words properly and without mistakes.  

When the rains started to fall, my story training finally began.  It was the children’s stories that K’aakik’ taught me first, because those are not long and were already well known to me, from listening.  And here was how this teaching went:  sitting cross-legged in his hut, K’aakik’ would tell me a story, in pieces, and I would repeat each piece back to him, and then the entire story. We did this two or three times each day, until I could tell that story with no mistakes.  Sometimes he would have me start in the middle and say it to the end and then start at the beginning and go to the middle. Sometimes he asked me only to say parts and not the entire story.  When he was satisfied that I knew all the words of one story he would teach me another, and then later he would return to the old one and have me say it again.  Because of this training, I became very good at remembering stories. 
K’aakik’ was not a difficult teacher.  He saw that I wished to learn and so did not curse me or beat me as some men do their work-sons.  When I made a mistake he corrected it, and I said that part again, and we went on. Once, to demonstrate what he expected from me, he told a story from its end to its beginning, word by word.  
“Don’t worry,” he told me, when I was amazed.  “You too will learn them that well.”  
When we were not walking the storyteller’s path K’aakik’ liked to sit and watch the hearth fire burn, and like my father he enjoyed smoking his reeking tobacco at the end of the day.  He did not go into the village like the priest, to talk with the powerful men, and if he visited his wife or people from his lineage or clan, I did not know when.  Of all the people in our village, there were none more alone than the storyteller.  

After the rains ended and the new year began, K’aakik’ and I took digging sticks and planted the seeds for the new milpa.  His lineage-father came and blessed the field and the seeds, and three quails were sacrificed, along with some good liquor.  
“Next year we will have to let this milpa rest,” K’aakik’ said.  “We’ll clear a new one, then.”  
During the months when the maize was growing I learned two new stories and watched many tellings.  K’aakik’ told me, “Soon you can tell some of the children’s stories.  First, though, you have to learn to use the masks and do the dances.”  So he taught me, and so I learned.  

On the day 0 Sip 2 K’awil a jaguar killed a boy infant from Xunich.  Traders said the baby was taken from his hut after dark, it was the paw prints that told what happened.  Though it was tracked into the jungle, the jaguar was not found.  It is very strange for a jaguar to do this, and many people said it was serving ah-Puch.  When I heard this I thought of the jaguar I saw dying at the edge of our village, murdered by camazotz’.  For several days after this event my dreams were filled with the laughter of the death bat, and though I wore my brother’s charm-pouch, the suffering eyes of balam were what I saw when my father woke me to go to the storyteller’s.   
Not long after this killing, traders came from Chacwitz; that was 15 Sip 4 Manik.  They said my brother was no longer fighting with my mother’s father and that always he was out gathering fruits or honey in the jungle.  He sent four black obsidian blades for my father, long yellow feathers for my mother, and for me a pair of fine sandals that rose almost to my knees and had the beautiful hide of bobilche, the margay cat, up the sides. 
After the traders left, my mother said, “Your new sandals will make people jealous.”  
“It is a brainless gift,” said my father.  “Those are made for climbing rocks in the mountains, see how the hide is hard-cured?  You don’t need to climb any rocks, here.”  
I was startled at his words, for the only rocks to climb in the valley were the buildings in the city of our fathers.  No one knew of my visit to Ch’ulwitznal, how could my brother know?  
“If I wear these at the tellings, people will stare at them, and no one will listen,” I said.  “I will use them for festivals, when everyone is wearing fine things.”  
“It is just your brother, not thinking,” my father grumbled, but in truth I believe he was pleased because that was the Atlatla he knew and wanted to return.
 
The Time Father Sun Killed All the Boys

The first people in this world were confused about their children.  Sometimes they forgot to feed them and give them clothing.  Sometimes they forgot to give them names, and those children would only call each other "Ma'k'aaba," which means, "No Name."   The parents did not understand that their children would grow into men and women.  They thought their children were going to stay small all their lives.  That was because Father Sun made the first people already grown.  Those people thought the gods and the goddesses gave them children to make them laugh and to test their patience.  So they let their boys and girls run around the village like batz', the spider monkey, screeching all day, and they did not teach them anything.  
When those children grew older, there were changes.  The girls went through the red stain change, and their mothers gave them the k'ub, the pleated skirt, of women.  After that the girls stayed inside the huts and did not run around any more.  But the boys did not change so much.  They grew bigger, and stronger, but no one noticed.  Their fathers only heard that their voices were louder, and they just beat those boys to make them quiet.  
The boys became angry.  "I am bigger now, father," said those boys to their fathers.  "See how strong I have become?"  
But their fathers did not want to see.  "Go and hunt," said the men.  "Go and fish.  You speak too loudly.  You walk too loudly.  Go make noise with the rest of the animals."  

So the boys decided to hunt, and to fish, and to climb trees and collect fruit like their fathers.  They tried to chip flint knives and obsidian spear heads.  They tried to chip dart heads from grey chert.  Well, those are not easy things to learn.  All the spears those boys made fell apart when they threw them.  The tips broke, and the heads fell off the shafts.  The atlatls broke when the boys tried to use them, and their darts flew high into the trees.  
Their fathers said, "Why are you trying to be men?  Play with your toys, like children.  We were only joking when we told you to go hunt."  
But those boys did not give up.  They did not go back to their toys.  They made more spear tips and more darts.  They hunted tixla, the boa constrictor, in the jungle.  They took their spears down to the river and hunted ain, the crocodile.  But their spears were too weak, and they broke on curxla's skin.  Their darts were crooked, and tixla slithered away into the trees.  Some of those boys were dragged into the rivers and eaten.  Some of them were pulled into the trees and swallowed.  The other boys ran back to the village and told their fathers what had happened.  
Now the fathers of those boys were angry.  "Are your heads as empty as old gourds?" they said.  "Didn't we tell you we were joking?  Throw away those worthless spears and those bent darts.  If you keep using those foolish things, you will all be eaten by hungry animals."  
Those boys were not happy.  They met far out in the jungle, where there were no men to hear them.  There were twenty of those boys, and their names were:  
Wukool, or Seven Thought	Oxtulkis, or Three Farter
Hunuhatz'chak, or First Lightning	Chinga'anak', or Broken Tongue
K'uk'umatlatla, or Feathered Spear Thrower	Huumchakximbal, or Thunder Walker
Iktz'ib, or Written in the Wind	Chanka'ay, or Little Song
Yaxch'ok, or New Sprout	Ikak'ot, or Wind Dance
Huumchak-kal, or Thunder Voice	Seektok, or Fast Flint
Batzk'aay, or Howler Song	Chank'iik, or Little Blood
Ki'ix, or Thorn	Chaknik, or Red Flower
Hoitz, or Five Essence	Mehenpech, or Little Tick
Ekpiitoo, or Black Flute	Sakoch, or White Opossum
"Our fathers will never teach us to become men," one of the boys said.  "They don't want us to be as strong as they are."  
Another boy said, "Then we will have to learn to hunt and fish on our own.  We will have to build our own huts."  
One of those boys was more clever than the others.  His name was Wukool, and he said, "But we cannot let our fathers see us learning.  They will grow jealous and more angry.  We will have to learn these things in the jungle, first."  
"That is right," said the other boys.  "That is what we will do."  

Now, those boys were not alone in that place.  Far over their heads hung kuopillatat, the vampire bat, one of ah-Puch's hungry servants.  He heard the words of those boys and said to himself, "Here is a chance to plant some black seeds."  He dropped down through the trees and caught a branch over the heads of those boys.  
"Oh, boys," said that wicked servant.  "You will all die in the jungle, trying to learn to be men.  It was ah-Kinich Ahaw who taught your fathers how to live.  How will you learn that on your own?  Are you as clever as the gods?  Listen to me, and I will tell you how you can learn."  
"Who are you?" said that clever boy.  "Why should we listen to you, oh Voice-Without-A-Face?"  No one could see kuopillatat, up in the darkness of the branches.  
"I am only a spirit who has seen much in this world," said that wicked servant.  "I have seen hunters torn by balam, the jaguar.  I have seen men bitten by vidaz, the fer-de-lance, and die writhing.  This does not have to be your path.  You can be wiser than those men."  
The boys liked those words.  They wanted to be wiser than their fathers.  
The clever boy said, "If you are going to teach us, you will have to show yourself."  
"Oh, no," said kuopillatat.  "I cannot teach you anything.  I can only show you the path you might walk.  You will have to put your own feet on that road."  
"Who will be our teacher, then?" said Wukool.  He did not want to be tricked.  
"One who is wiser than I," said kuopillatat.  "Do you wish to see the path I speak of?"  
"We are not afraid," the boys said.  "Show us this path."  
"With those words, you have already taken one step onto it," said kuopillatat.  "When you leave this cleaning, you will see a pathway going into the jungle.  Do not make any light there, for balam the jaguar is close and always hungry.  When it becomes dark, just put your hands on each other's backs, and walk carefully.  You will come to the place where you can learn everything."  
"What is the name of this teacher?" said Wukool.  "Where is it he lives?"  
Kuopillatat said, "You will learn these things when you go.  Now hurry, or the path will close."  Then he flapped his wings and was gone to tell his master the boys were coming.  
The boys took up their weak spears and walked into the jungle, and there it was, a path that had not been there before.  It went straight through cleanings and swamps, as far as they could see.  
"Where does this path go?" said one boy.  
"Maybe to one of Father Sun's shrines?" another boy said.  
"Not in this darkness," said the clever boy, Wukool.  "It is unwise to walk such a dark path.  We should pray to Father Sun for help in becoming men."  
"And where is Father Sun now?" said one of the boys.  "If this is not his path, why has he not sent his own servants to show us a better way?"  
"Maybe he does not care," said another boy.  "Maybe he thinks our fathers should show us what we need to know."  
So those boys stood there, arguing, until thorns began to grow on that path.  The thorns grew up on the sides of the path and began to squeeze it closed.  
"I am going," said one boy, and he stepped onto the path.  "I am not waiting for Father Sun, and I am not waiting for my father to teach me.  He wants me to be a child forever."    
"I am going, too," said another boy, and he, too, walked that path.  And one by one the other boys stepped onto the path, until they all were there.  Then it closed behind them, with curved thorns as long as a man's hand.  Those thorns hid the path completely.  The boys walked for many paces, and then it became so dark that they could not see each other.  They put their hands on the back of the boy in front of them and walked into the darkness.  All around them, they heard claws ripping bark and teeth crunching bones.  That was balam's place along the trail, and the boys walked slowly and made no sounds.  

Then the trail came to a strange hut, as large as a village.  That hut was made entirely of bones.  ah-Balam the jaguar sat on the roof of the hut and cracked bones in his teeth, but he did not speak to those boys.  ah-Vidaz stared from the doorway of that hut and flicked his tongue.  Spirits floated around that cleaning, sprinkling blood into the fires that burned around the hut.  They just dipped their fingers into gourds full of blood and flicked the drops into the flames.  Five was the number of spirits, and these were their names and their titles:  Ojoik the child-fever wind, Hulnecocik the animal-biter wind, Uayektunik the delirium wind, Mauenelik the insomnia wind, and Olxeik the dry heaves wind.  Those spirits whispered curses and threats into the rising smoke, to be carried to Father Sun.  It was the burnt blood of Father Sun's own dead children which carried ah-Puch's hatred to him.  
"This is ah-Puch's palace," said the clever boy, Wukool.  "We were tricked by that voice.  This is a place of madness, and death."  
"We have to run," said the other boys, but they could not move.  They were too frightened.  Their legs were shaking.  
A voice from the doorway of that great hut said, "You have just come into my cleaning, and already you talk of leaving?"  
Those boys were afraid to look at the doorway.  They did not want to see the lord of that place.  Only the clever boy looked.  Only he saw the broken face of ah-Puch.  
"Tell me, before you run away, why did you come here, if you did not want to meet me?" said ah-Puch.  
"We only came to learn, oh, lord," said those boys.  They looked at the ground and just mumbled their words.  
"Your feet have found the best path, then.  There are many things to learn, in this place."  
"Truly, great lord," said Wukool, "We are only foolish boys who have lost our way.  We must return to our own fathers now."  
"Oh, yes," said ah-Puch.  "Surely your own fathers will teach you everything you want to know."  When he said these words, his spirit-servants laughed and sprinkled more blood into the fires.  Great clouds of burning blood rose into the black sky of that place.  
The other boys pushed the clever boy away from them.  "He does not speak for us," said one of those boys.  "We are here because there are many things our fathers would not teach us.  We will be boys all our lives, if we must wait for them."  
"Can your own fathers not see that you are nearly men now?" said ah-Puch.  "Surely they are not so blind?"  
One boy said, "We do not ask so much.  We want to be hunters and fishermen, like our fathers.  We want to climb trees and pick the sweet fruit at the top."  
"Boys, these are only the first things you can learn here," said ah-Puch.  "My servants and I are ancient, and clever.  We will show you many things, if you are willing to learn."  
Now those boys looked at ah-Puch and saw his broken face.  But they were not afraid.  They knew what they wanted from him.  "Show us these things, oh, lord," they said.  "Show us how to be men."  
"And what of you?" said ah-Puch to the clever boy.  "Or will you alone remain a boy, the only one in your village?"  
"I, too, wish to learn," said Wukool.  

So it was that ah-Puch taught those boys to be men.  He took up a core of black obsidian and chipped away blades and points.  He cut a slender branch and shaped it into a shaft for a dart.  Then those boys took their turns cutting and shaping wood, in the hissing light of the blood-fires.  They took their turns chipping grey obsidian and flint.  When the boys finished, ah-Puch picked up their dart shafts and looked at them, and if they were crooked or weak, he threw them into the fire.  He took up their dart tips, and if they were badly shaped, he snapped them in his fingers.  
When the boys asked for something to drink, ah-Puch's spirit servants brought vases full of something red and steaming.  But the boys were afraid of that red drink and did not want it.  They just drank water from the puddles.  When they were hungry, they asked for food, and ah-Puch's servants brought them strange meat.  They did not know the smell of that meat and did not take it.  They had nothing to eat, and their stomachs rumbled and growled.  But those boys did not feel their hunger.  They just chipped stone.  They just scraped branches and straightened shafts.  
At first the boys had no skill, and everything they made was snapped and burned.  Those fires devoured everything.  Then one boy made a sharp dart tip, and it was not broken.  Another boy made a straight dart shaft, and it did not go into the fire.  After a very long time, every boy had twenty perfect darts, and twenty perfect tips.  Then ah-Puch gave those boys the sinew of coh, the puma, and he showed them how to tie the tips to the shafts.  He showed them how to carve the hard wood of lakpati, the coroboro tree, into atlatls to hurl their darts.  They had to start carving all over again, with very hard wood.  When they were finished, ah-Puch took their atlatls and tested them, and when the weak ones bent or broke, he threw them into the fire.  Those boys had to carve many atlatls for themselves.  

When all of the boys at last had a strong atlatl, ah-Puch put the carving blades and the obsidian cores back inside his hut.  "Now you chip stone and carve wood like men," he said.  "But do you hunt like men?  Let us see if we can find good meat to still the rumbling in your bellies."  He took up his atlatl and his darts.  The boys took up their atlatls and darts and followed him out of that cleaning, into the jungle.  
All was darkness, all was night.  Mother Moon's face was at the corner of the sky, small and dim.  It was her sleepy time, wenel-ich.  She did not see what ah-Puch was doing with those boys.  He led them far away from his cleaning, to a river, where haleu, the paca, lived.  He showed those boys how haleu makes his burrows, with many holes plugged with leaves.  He showed them how to grind their teeth to call to haleu.  When haleu put his nose out of those holes, ah-Puch said, "Now, boys!  Strike now!"  
Those boys hurled their darts, but they did not know what they were doing.  Most of the darts flew like drunken toucans into the river and into the trees and into the sky.  But one dart pierced haleu's face.  Another pierced his heart, and a third pierced his head.  The boys dragged him out of his burrow and tied his body to poles and took him back to ah-Puch's cleaning.  There they skinned that dead body and spitted the meat on sticks and had a great feast.  There was enough meat for all those boys, and for ah-Puch, and even some for ah-Balam, who took his raw.  That was how fat that haleu was.  When they were finished, they gave the bones to ah-Puch's spirits, who sucked the marrow from them.  Not one shred of haleu remained.  
"This is good," said that clever boy, Wukool.  "But we have hunted only one animal.  We have only made atlatls and darts.  What of spears?  What of all the other animals that there are to hunt?  Will you not teach us these things?"  
ah-Puch turned his face from those boys.  "You are the children of my brother, and have I not provided for you?  Now you ask for more, but you give nothing.  And you insult me, as well.  You do not eat the meat I offer.  You do not drink the drinks I offer.  You only want to take what I have taught you and return to those men who did not even want to teach you.  Tell me, what will you do for me?"  
Truly those boys were unhappy.  They did not want to do anything for ah-Puch.  They were afraid he would put them to some terrible work.  But had they not accepted his teachings?  Had they not slept in his cleaning?  
"You have our thanks for all you have done for us, oh, lord," said Wukool, the clever boy.  "We are only ashamed for our weakness.  What can we do for such a powerful teacher?"  
"It is true that you are feeble, but this will not always be.  I will teach you strength, if you are willing to learn."  
"I will," said another boy.  "I want to be stronger than my father.  Then I will go back to the village and belittle him, as he did me.  I will walk this path."  All the boys nodded at these words.  
"Good," said ah-Puch.  "And you will not turn away the food and drink I give you?"  
"Surely it is wiser if we eat the animals we hunt?" the clever boy said.  "Won't hunger make our darts fly truer?"  
"Hungry boys throw like fools," said ah-Puch.  "Didn't you see that this very day?  I will not take starved fools to hunt again.  You were fortunate you did not kill each other this morning."  
One of the boys said, "Teach me the things I need to be a man, and I will walk your path."  
All those boys nodded.  "We will walk your path," they said.  "Only show us the way."  
"Good," said ah-Puch.  "Sleep now.  Tomorrow I will show you how to make spears."  

Then ah-Puch went inside his hut and left the boys by the fires.  The clever boy said to the others, "That meat will make us sick.  That drink will poison our hearts.  When those servants give us drink, only pretend to drink it.  We can take water from the vines, later.  When those servants give us meat, only pretend to eat it, and throw it in the fire.  We will have meat, when we hunt.  Let us learn all we can here.  Then we will return to our village, without ah-Puch's poison in us."  
"This is good," said the other boys.  "We will trick this lord.  We will just fool him."  
But those boys were not alone, by the fire.  ah-Vidaz, the fer-de-lance, hung over their heads, in the branches.  He heard those words, and he took them to ah-Puch.  
"Those boys are such tricksters," said ah-Puch.  "Tomorrow we will teach them a lesson."  

The next day, ah-Puch brought cores of red chert from his hut.  "Today I will show you how to make spears," he said to them.  "Now you will truly be my work sons."  
He showed those boys how to flake pieces of red chert from the cores and to chip them into spear heads.  He showed them how to flute the edges of those spear heads and how to chip blood channels in them.  Then he showed them how to shape a strong spear shaft from wuxupati, the nargusta tree.  "Now you try, boys," he told them.  
Those boys tried to make spear heads, but they were not wise.  They only broke the points.  
"Ah," said ah-Puch.  "It is because hunger gnaws your bellies that you are failing."  He called to his spirit-servants, and they prepared meat for those boys.  They tore chunks of raw flesh into small pieces and put them in bowls.  They filled vases with red, steaming liquid.  
Wukool said, "Surely we cannot stop now for a feast?  There is so much to learn."  
"Oh, we will not stop," ah-Puch said.  "My spirits will feed you while you shape stone.  They will give you drink when you stop to rest, so you will not grow thirsty."  
Well, what could those boys do?  They had said they would not refuse ah-Puch's drink and food.  So all day those servants put pieces of meat in their mouths.  All day those servants gave them sips of red liquid.  Those boys did not know that meat was the flesh of a hunter whom ah-Puch's servants had killed.  They did not know that the drink was the blood of a young woman, killed near her parent's hut.  They only knew that their stomachs grew heavy, and cold.  They only knew that their hearts ached.  Even that clever boy had to eat that flesh and drink that blood.  
But ah-Puch did not let those boys be sick.  He had them chip chert.  He took their ugly points and snapped them and threw them in the fire.  He just humiliated the boys until they became wiser.  Then one of the boys made a perfect spear head, and ah-Puch put him to making a shaft for it.  Another boy made a perfect spear head, and he, too, began making a shaft.  Finally all those boys had one perfect spear head and one perfect spear shaft.  ah-Puch gave them sinew from coh, the puma, and they bound their spear heads to their shafts.  
"Now you have men's spears," said ah-Puch.  "But they are dry spears.  They have never licked blood.  We must hunt something big, and strong, so that you can give your spears their drink."  He took up his black-headed spear, which is named Edtok, and led those boys out of the cleaning.  They followed him into the jungle.  
Outside that cleaning, the world was in darkness.  Mother Moon's face was almost hidden, wenel-ich.  She did not see what those boys were doing.  ah-Puch took them through the jungle to a slow place in the river.  
"Now listen, boys," he said.  "Tonight we do not hunt for meat.  Your bellies are full of meat, are they not?  Tonight we hunt balam, the jaguar, as only your boldest fathers do."  
"Yes," said those boys.  "Truly, we will be men when this night is over."  
Only the clever boy was not pleased.  "Oh, great lord," he said, "Is balam not one of your own servants?  Will this be the night we earn the hatred of a thousand jaguars?"  
"Ah," said ah-Puch, "It is you again."  He smiled, and in the darkness, his mouth looked like the black place in the sky.  "Here is how it is with ah-Balam, boys.  In the beginning of time, all the animals decided who their lords would be, but ah-Balam would not choose.  He said, 'I will serve whomever I choose and not declare only one lord.'  So sometimes his children serve me, and sometimes they serve my brother, and sometimes they serve ix-Hun-Na'.  This balam we hunt tonight does not serve me, so it is our spears he shall feel pricking his skin."  
Even the clever boy was pleased at these words.  Only a few men wore an armband of balam's hide.  How the faces of their fathers would redden when the boys returned with such armbands!  
"Here is what we will do," said ah-Puch.  "In the darkness, balam walks the trails, looking for homtochac the armadillo, and ceh, the red deer.  We will wait until he comes this way.  Then you strike fast, or he will tear you."  
So those boys hid behind the trees.  Many animals walked that trail, and the boys let them pass.  Only cabcoh, the kinkajou, saw those boys crouched in that place, but she said nothing.  She just nibbled sweet honey from the hive of cab, the honey bee.  
In the dark hour before Father Sun showed his face, balam walked the trail.  He did not come alone but in two, he-balam and she-balam.  They walked that trail like a puff of air.  Those boys did not notice them coming.  It was only when ah-Puch said, "Now, boys!" that they understood that balam was walking past them.  They jabbed with their spears, and balam was pierced.  But those two were not defeated easily.  They roared and snarled and they clawed those boys.  He-balam broke three spears and ripped those boys in the legs, in the belly.  She-balam broke two spears and bit those boys in the knees and the thighs.  Those boys were bleeding all over.  
"Stab him in the heart!" one of those boys shouted, and he stabbed with his spear but missed.  
"Pierce his head!" shouted a second boy, but he missed balam and pierced his own foot.  There he stood, with his foot held to the ground, while balam ripped and tore his legs.  
"Jab his stomach, spill his insides!" a third boy called, and he jabbed at she-balam but only cut her tail.  She turned and clawed that boy's face.  From that day, he was a three-scarred hunter.  
Wukool did not stab and thrust with his spear.  He stepped away from the other boys, onto the trail.  When he-balam broke away and ran down the trail, that clever boy stabbed him through the throat, and that was the end of him.  His mate heard him choke, and she stopped fighting.  She just let the boys kill her.  

Now those boys laughed and told each other they had at last become men.  They took out their knives to cut strips of hide from dead balam.  
"Wait," said ah-Puch. "There are things to do and words to say.  You must celebrate your hunt like men.  Bring them over here."  
The boys took he-balam and she-balam to a clear place on the trail and gathered around ah-Puch, who said, "You must dip your fingers in balam's blood, and touch that blood to your own mouth.  Do not drink it; just touch it to your lips.  Then say these words:  
This is the blood, the hide and the flesh
This is the road of the black spots, and teeth
Our spirits are one in the darkness
"When you say these words, you show your respect.  It is a foolish hunter who does not say the words before he returns to his village.  The spirit of dead balam will return for such a man."  
The boys dipped their fingers into balam's wounds and then touched the blood to their lips.  Then they said the words ah-Puch had given them.  All of them said those words, even that clever boy.  None of them knew that those were false words, twisted words.  Those words called the spirit of dead balam into those boys, through their wounds and their bloody mouths.  Whenever they hunted, the boys would be as balam, not as men.  It would be hunger for blood which drew them to the jungle.  That was what ah-Puch was doing.  
"Now we can return to my cleaning," ah-Puch said, and he led the boys back to that place.  When they arrived there, the spirit servants built the fires high.  ah-Puch brought out proper skinning knives of yellow obsidian and gave one to each boy.  
"Cut slowly and carefully," he said.  "Each boy will take his own armband from these hides.  The mistakes you make will be yours to wear."  
So the boys cut strips of hide off dead balam.  They tanned those strips and sewed them into armbands.  Most of the boys nicked theirs, but a few boys made perfect armbands.  The clever boy was one of those.  He used his knife like a man.  
"Good," said ah-Puch.  "Now it is time to feast and to let blood."  
His servants came with bowls of meat and vases of red drink, and those boys feasted.  They did not care what that meat was, did not care what was in the vases.  They had hunted balam, and they were strong.  They no longer felt that meat twisting their insides and making them strange.  They no longer felt that drink poisoning their hearts.  
Then ah-Puch brought out thorn lancets, and the boys pierced themselves and let blood.  All those boys pierced themselves through the foreskin and let their blood onto sweet copal incense.  
"This is your sacrifice for luck in the hunt," said ah-Puch.  "Toss the incense into the fire, and say these words:  
Hear me now, lord
Of the hunt, of the darkness
Walker in shadows, drinker of blood

This is my essence
My substance, my sustenance
Given to you, for guiding my spear
"Never forget to thank the lords of the hunt, boys," said ah-Puch.  "Or your spear and your darts will miss their mark.  Even when hunting haleu, remember to say the words."  
The boys did not want to say those words.  They knew who the lord of the darkness was.  It was ah-Puch they were thanking, ah-Puch who was taking their sacrifice.  It was Father Sun who they wanted to hear their prayers, but what could they do?  Had ah-Puch not taught them to make spears and to hunt?  So they said the words and threw the incense into the fire.  Even the clever boy had to say those words.  He was defeated again.  
"It is time for rest," said ah-Puch.  "You have hunted balam, and you have become as great as your fathers.  When you wake, I will do as I promised and teach you things that even your fathers do not know."  He took his spear and went into his hut, and those boys went to sleep in the cleaning, with all those wicked spirits.  

Only that clever boy, Wukool, could not sleep.  He pretended to be sleeping, but in truth he could not rest.  "Truly, Father Sun," he whispered, "I do not want to learn these things ah-Puch speaks of.  I am a hunter today, but what will I be tomorrow?"  But Father Sun could not hear those words, in ah-Puch's place.  None of the gods or goddesses could hear those words.  "I know now, Father Sun," he said.  "We should have made sacrifices and asked for your help in becoming men.  But we were impatient and went down this other path.  What will become of us, Great Father?"  But Father Sun did not hear him.  Only the fires hissed, as the spirits flicked blood into them.  Only the air whispered, as kuopillatat the vampire bat flew in and out of that cleaning.  

When the boys woke, ah-Puch was waiting for them.  He had brought strange things out of his hut and set them next to the fires.  There were teeth from ah-Balam the jaguar.  There were scales from ah-Vidaz, the fer-de-lance.  There were three skulls from people, one man and one woman and one child.  Next to these things was a great dish full of steaming red drink.  
"No food this morning, boys," said ah-Puch.  "Today there is only this drink, to cleanse your blood.  Come, stand before these things I have placed on the ground.  It is time for you to begin learning the wisdom which will make you greater than your fathers."  
But those boys did not wish to stand before ah-Puch's things.  They only shuffled their feet.  All of them felt sickly, and weak.  That was ah-Puch's poisoned food and drink, doing that.  None of them stepped forward.  
ah-Puch said, "Ah, I know what is wrong.  You feel the twisting in your bellies, you feel the cold in your hearts.  Is this not so?"  
Those boys did not speak, but they stopped moving.  They listened to his words.  
ah-Puch said, "Do you think it is easy to become greater than your fathers?  When you return and tell them you have made your own spears and darts and hunted balam, do you think they will be pleased?  No!  They will be jealous.  They will be angry.  They will raise their spears against you.  You know this and are afraid.  That is the cold you feel.  That is the twisting you feel.  That is why you must learn more, so that you can defeat your fathers and take your place in the village.  If you are not strong when you return, your fathers will take your new spears and darts and break them and burn them.  Is this not so?"  
"Yes," said one of the boys.  "That is what my father will do.  He told me he would break any spear I made.  Those were his very words."  
But the clever boy knew ah-Puch was only tricking them; he would never teach them anything without taking much in return.  So he said, "But, lord, we have defeated balam, the greatest of hunters.  What is left to learn?"  
"There is much left to learn, for those who are willing to walk the path.  You are hunters now, but you are not warriors.  When you return to your fathers, you must know how to defeat them.  It is this lesson that I will teach you."  
The clever boy said, "Truly, lord, it is always pleasing to learn new things.  But perhaps we are strong enough to return to the village and take our places as men.  Perhaps our fathers have learned wisdom of their own, since we have been gone these several days."  
"Your fathers have learned nothing," said ah-Puch.  "My servants have been listening to them.  They are pleased that you have disappeared into the jungle.  They liked you better when you were small, and weak.  Those were their words.  In the night, they speak with your mothers about making new sons to take your places."  
Now those boys were angry.  Even Wukool was angry.  "We will see who takes my place," he said.  That was how he was defeated, because he was afraid of being forgotten.  
"This is the last thing I have to teach you," said ah-Puch.  "When you have learned this lesson, you will be warriors, ready to defeat your fathers.  Then you must leave my hut and return to your village."  
The boys were pleased to hear those words and said nothing more.  
"This is what you must do," said ah-Puch.  "Sit at the fire.  Take one of these scales from ah-Vidaz, and place it on your tongue.  Do not swallow it.  Do not speak, or it will fall out.  Then take one of these teeth from ah-Balam and pierce your bellies, in the place where you and your mother were joined.  Push it into your flesh until it disappears.  Do not wipe away the blood.  Let it flow.  We will stop it later.  And do not cry out from the pain; that is not the warrior's way."  
The boys did as ah-Puch told them.  They sat around the great fire in the center of ah-Puch's clearing and took up those things that ah-Puch gave to them.  Each boy placed a scale on his tongue and closed his mouth.  That scale just stayed there on his tongue, tasting like dirt.  But on each boy's heart, scales grew.  The fear went out of those boys, then.  They were not afraid of ah-Puch or ah-Balam or the spirit servants.  Like ah-Vidaz, they feared nothing.  
Then each boy pushed one of ah-Balam's sharp teeth into his own flesh.  All those boys were pierced and bleeding.  When they pushed those teeth into their bellies, they forgot the faces of their mothers, and their names.  That was what ah-Puch's magic did to them.  
"That is the way," said ah-Puch.  "Tell me, do you feel sick now?  Do you feel cold now?"
Those boys could not speak, but they shook their head.  
ah-Puch said, "Now, before your bleeding stops, take up your spears and come over here."  
The boys did as he said and stood before the skulls of the man, woman and child.  Those were the remains of people from the third creation, the ancestors of the first people in this world.  
"See how these old bones grin at you?" said ah-Puch.  "These people are dead, but still they want to make you cower like children.  This is what you must do:  you must strike each skull with the butt of your spear.  Then the dead will respect you and quit trying to frighten you."  
Those boys raised their spears and cracked them down on the skulls.  Those old bones just broke apart.  The teeth flew into the fires and burned to ash.  The skulls broke into splinters, and the boys pounded those splinters into the dirt.  They destroyed their ancestors, there by the fires.  
"Yes," said ah-Puch.  "Warriors do not fear the living, or the dead.  Now, spit out those scales on your tongues.  Spit them into the fire, and let them burn."  
The boys spit the scales into the fire, and the smoke from those burning scales became many tiny fer-de-lances climbing through the air.  They were going to the fifth world to hunt the servants of Father Sun.  The boys saw those spirits but were not afraid.  
Then ah-Balam jumped down from his place on ah-Puch's roof and came to those boys.  
"You have my teeth in your bellies," he said.  "But you are bleeding.  I will heal these wounds for you."  He licked each boy's belly, and his navel disappeared.  The blood and the pain were just gone, and the navel with them.  His tongue tickled their bellies, as their mothers had tickled them when they were babies.  When the boys looked at ah-Balam, they thought he was their mother.  
"Truly," he said, "You are my children now."  
"There is only one more thing, and then we must go," said ah-Puch.  "There is a long path to walk today, and you must be strong.  Drink this, and you will be given strength."  He lifted the bowl of steaming red liquid and handed it to the clever boy, who took a drink and gave a great cry.  He ran around that fire like a crazed man.  
"I am ready to run all the way to the fifth world," he said, and then he handed the bowl to the next boy, and they all drank.  That bowl was full of ah-Puch's blood.  He had let blood that very morning, and it was his strength those boys were taking.  In that way ah-Puch became their father, because his blood was stronger than the blood of their own fathers.  

After the boys drank the blood, ah-Puch said, "Take up your spears and your atlatls, and let us go."  He led those boys to a new path that opened at the edge of his cleaning, and they entered onto it.  That path was just wide enough for the boys to walk one behind the next.  
All that day ah-Puch led them along his jungle path.  They walked through thickets and dark cleanings and shadowed places.  Sometimes they could see Father Sun's light shining into clearings, but they never went to those places.  When they came to streams and rivers, bridges of logs were there for them.  That was ah-Puch's magic, moving the logs.  The boys never stopped, never rested, but they did not tire.  The blood they had taken into themselves filled them with strength.  ah-Puch led them through the hills until they came to a mountain so high that there was snow at the top.  By that time all was darkness, all was night.  Mother Moon's face was hidden, akbal-ich, and there was no light.  
At the base of that mountain they stopped, and ah-Puch said, "On top of this mountain are warriors who have come to raid your people.  We will defeat them before they come down."  
"Who are these people?" said the clever boy.  "Where have they come from?"  None of those boys had heard of people who lived on the mountain tops.  
But ah-Puch did not answer him.  He just turned to the mountain, and a new path appeared there, leading up.  He set his feet on that trail, and the boys followed.  Late into the night they walked, up the side of the white stone mountain.  They climbed so high that the clouds were around them, and then they went higher than the clouds, until they came to frozen water.  The wind there was very cold, and there was nothing to eat, but those boys were warm from the heat of ah-Puch's blood in their hearts.  They did not feel hunger but were only ready to see the people ah-Puch had told them of.  
"This is the place," said ah-Puch.  "We will go up a little more, and then you will see these people.  They will look terrible, but do not worry.  We have spears, and atlatls.  They can be defeated."  So he led them to a place of many boulders, and the boys moved among those rocks and looked across the flat top of the mountain.  

There were fires there, fires without wood or incense, burning right out of the rocks, by magic.  Their flames sighed and hissed and burned with strange blue light.  Dancing on the top of that mountain were the yach, the serpent people from the sixth world.  There were ten yach there, with bodies like snakes and arms and faces like men.  They were taller than men, and moved very quickly.  They slithered around their sacred fires and hissed strange songs to the night.  Some of them carried pipes, and they blew into those to make sounds like the last winds before Father Sun hides his face at the end of each day.  Those people wore headdresses of feathers and armbands of silver.  They wore pendants of green jade and shell. Their strange eyes were bright gold, and their black tongues flickered in and out.  
"What are these people?" the clever boy said to ah-Puch.  In those times, people did not know Father Sun had other children.  They thought they were his only children.  
ah-Puch smiled his broken smile.  "These are wicked spirits which live on the mountain tops.  They serve no one.  They have killed many of my servants, and now they plan to kill your people."  All his words were lies, but the boys did not know that.  ah-Puch just wanted to trick them into killing Father Sun's other children.  
"They have no weapons," said the clever boy.  
ah-Puch said, "Do you not see their fangs?"  
Now the boys did see those fangs, as long as a man's hand, gleaming in the fire-light.  
"Do you not see their bodies?" said ah-Puch.    
"They have the body of xacatatau, the rattlesnake," Wukool said.  "I see their rattles shaking."  
"And is xacatatau your friend?" said ah-Puch.  
"He kills our women, and our hunters," said Wukool.  "He kills our dogs."  
"Then we will do what warriors do," said ah-Puch.  "We will defeat them.  Raise your spears, boys.  Raise your atlatls.  Do not grow fearful.  Do not look into their eyes.  Just stab them and hurl darts until they all fall."  Then ah-Puch rose from his place in the rocks and hurled the first dart into the yach.  That was a black obsidian dart, and it struck one of the yach in the chest.  The yach shrieked like a beaten woman and fell to the ground.  The poison of ah-Puch's dart rotted that yach, and its flesh burned.  
The boys rose from their places in the rocks and hurled their darts.  Then they ran into the circle of yach and stabbed spears into them.  Those boys raised their heads and roared like balam.  Even the clever boy's eyes shone in the darkness, like the eyes of vidaz.  That was what that meat and blood had done to them.  That was what those rituals had done to them.  They were changed.  
The yach fought fiercely, and they bit some of those boys.  Their teeth are filled with poison, and those boys died.  Other boys stabbed the yach with their spears and spilled their blood.  Then all the yach were dead, and the boys were covered with their red blood.  It was on their spears and their darts and their hands and their faces.  Some of the boys sucked that blood and licked their dart tips.  It was sweeter to them than the meat of ceh, the red deer, or haleu, the paca.  
That was when ah-Puch said to them, "Tell me, have any of your fathers ever spoken of such spirits?  Have they ever defeated such fierce beasts?"  
"No," those boys said.  "Never."  
"But now you have.  This is what you must do, the final thing, and then I have taught you all you need to know to be men.  You must cut skin away from these monsters and make armbands from it.  You must wear these armbands when you return to your village, so that your fathers will see how much you have learned."  
So those boys cut away the skins of the yach and made armbands from them.  They did not know they were wearing the skins of Father Sun's other children.  They just made armbands and wore them like the armbands of balam.  
"That is all," said ah-Puch.  "Leave this place, and go back to your village.  Do not stop on the way, or the path will disappear.  When you are back with your fathers, do what must be done."  Then ah-Puch stepped into the shadows and was gone.  

This is when the boys turned their backs on that place and went down the mountain.  They did not cremate the boys who were killed fighting the yach.  They did not pray for them.  They left those dead boys on the mountaintop, to freeze in the cold.  The boys went down through the snow and the winds and returned to the dark path in the jungle.  This time the path twisted more, and was darker, and the boys had to hold each other tightly.  When they came to streams and rivers, logs again moved to become bridges, and those boys crossed.  They did not clean the blood from themselves.  They did not wash the blood from their hair or their faces.  They just went along that path as quickly as they could, growing ever nearer their village.  Then the dark path disappeared, and there were only the trails their fathers had made, leading into the village.  
"Come out!" those boys shouted into the village.  "Come out and see us now, our fathers!  We did not die in the jungle.  We did not run away!  We have returned as men, to build our own huts and take our own wives!"  So those boys said, as they walked into the village.  They raised their spears and roared like balam, and they hurled darts into the walls of the huts.  
But no one came outside, and no voices were raised to greet those boys.  All of the doorways were covered by night-cloths.  
"Now who is afraid?" said the boys.  "They see our armbands.  They see our spears and our darts, and they cower inside.  Come out!"  And they cut the door-cloths with their spears.    
But there were no people in the huts.  The boys went to all the huts in the village, even the hut of the unmarried boys, even the council house, and there was no one in any of those places.  Father Sun had told the people to leave the village, because ah-Puch was sending the boys to do some wicked thing.  Now those boys shrieked and snarled.  They tore down roof beams and house posts.  They broke their plates and their cups and their bowls.  They kicked holes in the walls of the huts.  
"Come back!" shouted the boys.  "We will see who is the stronger!"  
All that noise rose up to Father Sun, who was just appearing at the edge of the world.  He saw those boys and heard their shouting.  He saw the blood on them and saw the skins of his other children on their arms and saw them breaking the things he had taught the people to make.  He did not call to Mother Moon to come and see those boys.  He did not call to the other gods and goddesses.  He just looked down at those broken boys and said,  
"Boys!  Put down those spears, and show me your faces.  What did my brother do to you?"  
Those boys turned their faces upward, but they were not respectful.  They did not say prayers or make sacrifices.  They just raised their spears.  They hurled darts at Father Sun's face.  They did not remember their duties.  That was what ah-Puch did to them.  
"My brother has made you into broken men," said Father Sun.  "I see that I should have taught your fathers how to make proper men of you.  Now you are full of poison, and it is too late to teach you anything.  Burn, then, and let your mothers and fathers begin anew."  
He poked at the boys with K'aaktok, his Flaming Spear, and burnt them to ash.  Everywhere there were little piles of ash in the shape of broken men.  Only the scales on their hearts were not burned, only the teeth of ah-Balam which they had pushed into their bellies were whole.  Even their bones burned to ash.  

Far away in his dark cleaning, ah-Puch and his servants saw Father Sun strike down those boys.  They saw how their tricks had caused so much suffering, and they laughed until tears ran down their faces.  Even ah-Vidaz and ah-Balam laughed when those boys burned.  
"How amusing it was to bend them," said ah-Balam.  "They were not very clever."  
"It was best when they killed the yach," said ah-Vidaz.  "Truly it is pleasant to see ah-Kinich Ahaw's children kill each other."  
"It was best to see my brother strike down his own children," said ah-Puch.  "And look, he did not burn them all.  We will have new servants, yet."  
His words were true.  A few boys were not burned.  They were in the bushes when Father Sun sent down his fire, and when he took away his fierce heat, they ran into the jungle.  There were three of those boys, and their names were Oxtulkis the Three-Farter, Ekpiitoo the Black Flute, and Chinga'anak' the Broken Tongued.  From that time they served ah-Puch.  They became men who went to villages where people had become weak or careless and bent them to ah-Puch's way.  That became their place in this world.  

After Father Sun hid his face for the day, Mother Moon rose and saw the ashes in the village.  
"Look at that!" she said.  "My husband burned those crazed boys without talking to me.  They were not always sickly and twisted.  It is not right that their parents should grieve, their brothers and sisters should grieve."  So she called to her children to join her, and they looked down at the dead boys and discussed what to do with them.  
"We must destroy those scales and teeth," said ah-Polot, he who sees deeply.  He called forth the frogs and other wet-skinned things, and they came out of the water and took away the scales and teeth that had been in those boys.  They took those things to the cenotes and spat them in, to sink all the way to the first world.  
"The river can wash away the poisoned blood that was in them," said ix-/ah-Caminitanga, the lord of time.  "The river will also cleanse them of the ugly things which they learned."  So the ashes of the boys were placed in the river, where they were made clean.  Then Mother Moon shed her blood into the river, and those boys were restored to life.  
ah-Itzamna, the wise one, told those boys, "You cannot go around smashing the bones of your ancestors.  It is their faces which you wear and their blood which fills your hearts."  Then he taught those boys the holy days when the ancestors are honored, and he taught them the words to say and the sacrifices to make.  
"And, you must not kill Father Sun's other children," said ah-Conzt, he who remembers his duties.  "The yach are his children in the sixth world, as you are his children here in the fourth world.  I will show you what you must do now, before Father Sun becomes angry with you again."  He had those boys gather sweet fruits and tasty clams.  He had them find bright feathers and jade pebbles and obsidian.  Then he made a path to the sixth world, and those boys went there without their spears or their atlatls or darts.  They gave their gifts to the yach, and then they left that place.  "From this time on, the tops of mountains will not be yours," said ah-Conzt.  "Stay on the hills and in the valleys, and leave the mountaintops to the dancers.  This will please Father Sun."  
Now all the other people came back to the village.  "We were crazed," said those boys.  "But Mother Moon and her children have taken away the wickedness ah-Puch put in us."  
"There is one more thing which must be done," said the lord of death, ah-Mamastau. "You must prepare your dead for the journey to the fifth world."  So he made a path to the mountaintop where the boys died fighting the yach, and the boys brought back the frozen bodies of their fallen.  They washed the dead boys and made a great feast for them.  All the people in the village remembered those boys.  Then the priest placed kernels of maize in their mouths so they would have something to eat on their journey.  The fathers of those boys put their bodies on great piles of dried wood and set them aflame, so that their souls would rise with the smoke and join the gods.  
Then those gods and goddesses were done with those boys and returned to the fifth world.  

The priest of the village, whose name was Hun Hmen, or First Priest, said, "You boys have been cleansed and have remembered your mothers and fathers, but you still are not true men."  Then he performed the manhood ceremony for them, to teach them to speak like men and to put them on Father Sun's path.  
After that ceremony, the fathers of those boys taught them to grow maize and to make the proper sacrifices to the gods and the goddesses.  They taught those boys to sit in the council house and listen to the wise men discuss the things which needed to be done.  They taught them to play the pipes, and the drums, and the turtle shells.  They taught them to fell trees and make huts.  So it was that those boys left behind ah-Puch's teachings and became proper men who were able to take wives and have children of their own.  

Growing
On the day 17 Ch’en 9 Muluc I was eleven years in this world, and K’aakik’ said to me, 
“You are a good work-son, more attentive than I was.”  
“When did you choose this path?” 
“It was chosen for me, by my father.”  He made a face to close off any more questions, and I wondered how anyone could walk such a difficult path without choosing it.  
“Well,” he said, finally.  “You are ready to speak, in the circle.  And I will begin teaching you new stories.”  
“Very good,” I said.  
“Here now, something new.”  He handed me a long, thin bird bone with tobacco stains on one end.  There were tiny picture-words along one side, these were carved into the bone and filled with black ink to be clear, but I did not know those symbols or their meanings.  K’aakik’ slid this bone out of a deer-leather sheath made for it, and then he withdrew a second bone for himself.  Into these he inserted shreds of torn tobacco, I do not know what kind that was.  My father's older brother grows twenty kinds of tobacco in his milpa, and I think only he knows them all.  
K’aakik’ showed me how to take a burning twig from the fire and light the tobacco within the bone tube, and then we smoked.  The blue smoke bit at my throat, it clawed inside my mouth, and I coughed it all out.  He laughed a little and said, 
“This is strong, perhaps you’re not ready?  Try again, and hold it.”  
I drew a little smoke into my lungs, and my head grew dizzy, and I let the smoke go out my nose.  Then I grew even dizzier, and the clawing of the fumes did not so much matter, and K’aakik’ said, “Good.  Now that you will live here, you must get used to smoke.”  
That evening I returned to my father’s hut to sleep for the last time.  My mother’s roast rabbit and baked squash were delicious, there were little onions and carrot pieces in rabbit gravy, and she made frothing cacao for my father and me.  Though she said nothing about it, I knew she was unhappy that I was moving.  My father said, 
“Be careful of that tobacco.  Too much makes people odd in the head.” 
I was surprised by his words and then realized he could smell the smoke on me.  Many men smoke in the village, but it was only then that I thought about the smell that clung to them.  Cigars are different from pipe-smoke, my father has a different smell after he takes his cigar, at night.  
“How did K’aakik’ become the storyteller?” I asked him.  Even then, at eleven years old, I did not ask my father many questions.  It was work for him to see me, and I did not want to anger him as did my brother, so often. 
“Hmm,” said my father, and he thought about this.  “His father was the old storyteller, but then he became sick.  The priest spoke to the old man’s ancestors, and they said that he would die soon.  So he made his youngest son learn the stories.  That was an ugly thing, some people are crazy.”  
My mother said, “People say he made K’aakik’ learn too quickly, the boy cried constantly from the beatings.”  
This made my father angry, his voice rose as he said, “The old man stuffed all those words into that boy’s head in just three years.  He beat him in front of everyone and called him a piece of filth.  You don’t do that to a boy.”  He said this very forcefully, my mother just nodded.  
Then my father saw me staring at him, his defense of the storyteller was a second surprise, and he said, “Eat.  If he tries to stuff your head too fast, or beat you, you just come to me.”  

The next morning my father woke me just before dawn.  “Time to go,” were his words.  He looked at me from the side of his eyes and then took up his shucker and net bag and went to harvest his milpa.  I went to the river and collected some wild flowers and put them in an urn for my mother, then I took all my things to the storyteller’s hut.  My mother was still sleeping, and I was quiet when I left.  Her spirit would fly to the mountains, I was certain it would leave as soon as she woke and found me gone.  That day was 18 Ch’en 10 Oc, a good day for journeys, and I said little prayers for my ancestors to protect her quetzal-spirit in its flight.   
Later that day my father brought my sleeping bench to the storyteller’s hut, and he and K’aakik’ put it in place under one of the windows, so I would receive sweet air.  My father and the storyteller said a few words, and I put my things under the bench.  Because it was harvest, the storyteller and I went to his milpa and picked maize and squash and beans, and when we returned to his hut I told stories while he listened and corrected.  That evening, after his wife made our dinner, K’aakik’ smoked a great amount of strong tobacco, until his eyes were glazed.  The smoke went out the window over my sleeping bench, but I still breathed enough of that to make my head twirl.  
“Welcome to your second year on the storyteller’s path,” K’aakik’ said.  
On 4 Zac 10 Cib the storyteller gathered up nine masks for the story, “The War Between the Cities.”  He moved slowly and looked at the faces for a long while before he brought them down.  
“Don’t clean these,” he said.  “I will prepare them.”  He set them on the bench in the mask room and took up a soft cloth.  “Tonight is a dangerous storytelling.  So, we eat nothing, and we do not go out.  We drink water only, and we do not smoke.”  I did not smoke much, anyway, because of my father’s warning, and I was pleased not to receive the storyteller’s smoke. 
K'aak’Ik’ cleaned the masks slowly and carefully, turning them and holding them first very close and then at arm’s length.  All morning he stood at our work-bench, brushing and polishing and making small repairs.  When he was finished he built a large fire, and we sat and sweated while he watched the wood burn.  His eyes were narrow and gleaming, and the flame-light moved on them in a hard way that made them look like little embers, and the weight of the telling that was to come pushed out of him and crushed against me.  My place for that day was to sit and be quiet, to absorb the heat of the fire and to bear some of the weight of the story as it rested on my strong work-father.  Receiving this burden wearied me to sleep, most of that afternoon I was insensible, but because of this resting I was alert when K’aakik’ shook me awake that evening.  He had brought out a different bird-bone pipe, this one was short and had a fat mouth at the end, and into this he stuffed bits of some black plant that stank greatly.  
“Don’t breathe any of this,” he said.  “Not even a tiny whiff.”  Then he twig-lit the black weed and sucked in the smoke, and his face swelled an angry red.  He tilted his head back and blew the swirling cloud upward, and it drifted out the ceiling-hole.  Two wads of this vile stuff K’aakik’ smoked, with each puff he held each breath for a long while, until the veins in his face stood purple against red.  Great heat seemed to come from him, his body burned from the black weed, and I had to sit back and draw my legs up to my chest. 
As Father Sun was leaving this world, K’aakik’ put away the black-weed pipe and brought out white paints and erased his face.  
“Help me bring the masks.”  And this was the sound of his voice:  it was rasping and harsh.  It was as though he was someone else, an old and frightening man who might be a sorceror.  
He handed me four masks, and he took the other five, and we went to the story circle and set them down and made a low red fire.  Next to the pole K’aakik’ stood without moving, and I sat on the stump that was my place.  Many people came to hear the story, maybe three hundred people came, and the world was dark before they were seated.  Then K’aakik’ looked up and made a rumbling noise in his throat that stilled everyone.  He put on the mask of our ancestors, drawing it slowly over his whitened face, and then he opened his eyes and began the storytelling.  
There are only a few stories told in this solemn way, they are all stories of great destruction.  “The War Between The Cities” is long, and K’aakik’ told it with great forcefulness in his buzzing voice.  I had heard parts of it before, but my mother did not like me to hear it, as a child, and we always left before it was finished.  This is what I heard that night, in the complete story:  the pride of our ancestors when they made their bargain with the lords of the night, endless sacrifices in return for gifts of magic to break the strength of the people of the mountains.  The storyteller’s voice was filled with pride when he spoke for our fathers in the city.  But each of ah-Puch’s killing gifts brought with it a curse, and these unfolded one after the next, and our ancestors turned against each other and destroyed themselves.  It was the cries of the savaged warriors that filled my ears, their spears fell on the night lords and drew only laughter.  It was the screams of trampled lineages that I heard, and the despair of the powerful men when they realized what fools they had been.  I was shaking to hear this story to its end, because of what I had seen in Ch’ulwitznal, the silence of the dead city.  The truth of the old words was terrifying.  
And the people at the story circle also felt the words in their hearts.  No one spoke, the children hardly moved, as the storyteller danced and laughed in the back of his mouth when he was speaking for ah-Puch, laughed at our ancestors for the arrogance of their pride.  When the story was done the faces of many people were pale, and there were two twenties who were weeping, and the storyteller removed his last mask and made a brave smile through his white paint.  Then he handed me four masks, and he took the other five, and we left the circle.  Back in his hut he washed the paint from his face and went to sleep.  Such was the weariness of K’aakik’, after that tale of the end of our ancestors and their city.  
I did not rest well that night, thinking about the telling.  There was too much death in the story, too much suffering, the old words broke my sleep and made my heart small.  
The next morning K’aakik’ slept very late, and I went to speak with my mother.  She was sweeping my father’s hut, and though she greeted me well, it was hard to hear her, in my worries.  
“What’s wrong, son?” she said.  
“There was a telling, last night.”  
“I know the story.”  
“I did not realize how completely ah-Puch smashed down our ancestors.” This was the shadow of my fears, if the night lord could crush the great cities in their time of strength, our little village was nothing, he could claim us all whenever he liked.  
My mother moved her broom a little and pushed the dust out of my father’s house.  “Our ancestors ceased to worship Father Sun and Mother Moon,” she said.  “They wanted death more than life, so they turned to the lord of murder.  There was no one to protect them when they embraced ah-Puch, and he embraced them in turn.”  
For a long time I shaped my fears with my tongue, it was very hard to push them out under Father Sun’s face.  “There is no way to win,” I said.  “Our ancestors embraced ah-Puch, and he destroyed them.  Now we fight against ah-Puch, and still he murders us.”  
I could see my mother did not enjoy speaking of these things, it was only my great fears that brought out her thinking in this matter.  
“This is how it is,” she said.  “If we are respectful of Father Sun and Mother Moon, they will fight for us, and we lose only a little to the night. Otherwise, we could lose everything.”   
“This is no good, it is no use to fight if you cannot win,” I said, and I left that comfortless place.  It was fighting that I was thinking of, my boy’s heart wished to fight the night lords, somehow.  But our ancestors raised obsidian against ah-Puch, and they were broken.  In their time of greatness, their spears were useless, their magic was weak, their prayers were empty.  
That was a foul day in the milpa, harvesting and shucking maize, hanging it to dry.  

On the day 2 Keh 2 Ix a girl toddler was killed in our village.  It was a jaguar that murdered Yax Ich, as she wandered at the edge of the jungle.  The hunters searched all day, but they found only tracks.  The priest called upon the gods and the goddesses, he called upon our ancestors in divining, and then he said, “This is one of ah-Puch’s servants, it is wrapped in darkness.” He performed sacrifices of turkeys and copal, honey and white flowers to give more strength to our ancestors in the guardian stones, and he prayed to Father Sun and Mother Moon to defend our village.  The family of the dead girl made a great pyre in their lineage-compound, and they called for the spirit of the toddler to return from the jungle.  The priest performed a divination for the lost one but could not find her in the garden of the gods.  Her family grieved for many days, knowing that their daughter’s tiny soul was only a toy for ah-Puch’s vicious servants.  
That same night I dreamed of the killer bat camazotz’, he flew in circles with the head of the dead toddler bobbing in his mouth.  His laughter was sickening, and after this nightmare my heart ached for many days.  

On 0 Pax 2 K’awil there was a celebration for the seating of the new month, and K’aakik’ told the seating story, “The Calling of ix-Pax.”  This is told during the feasting and dancing, people listen as they wish to the poems and the songs in the story and then return to the celebration.  When the god’s festival was over, K’aakik’ took the masks for that story back to his hut and hung the mask of the babies on the story pole.  So it was that my first storytelling was announced.  
2 K’awil is the day for the children’s story, “The Time the Babies Grew Fangs and Hunted Their Parents.”  When Father Sun began to leave this world I painted my face white, saying the little prayer K’aakik’ had taught me, and we carried the seven masks for this story to the circle.  As the children and their mothers arrived they sat to watch, and I had to stand by the storyteller’s pole and look at no one.  All that time I felt like a lizard whose skin was too tight.  Though I think only fifty people came to the story circle, it seemed that all the people of the world were watching.  
When Father Sun left our world, I pulled the storyteller’s mask over my face and found that my head had become empty.  For a time as long as my whole life I searched, seeking the stories that were no longer there.  Then a child coughed, and with that sound the first words of the story burst from my mouth.  The little cougher yelped and clutched his mother, who laughed and held her son.  Other children stared at me with huge eyes.  I spoke the first part of the story and danced close to the people, and then I took up the mask of ah-Puch, with its fangs and obsidian eyes, and I put it on and growled. Many children shouted, one boy cursed the mask of ah-Puch, many raised their arms at me.  Some of the women laughed, and some frowned, but the story grew from my heart and my head and my tongue.  I stepped from place to place in the Dance of the Babies, as K’aakik’ had taught me, and sometimes I jumped from side to side.  I raised my voice so that the children leaned away, and I whispered so that they had to lean closer.  Through their eyes, through the eyes of their mothers, I saw the story take root in their hearts.  At the end of the telling I dropped three ears of black maize into the fire, a sacrifice to ah-Puch in place of the children of our village.  Then the story was over, and the people left the circle, and I took up the masks.  At that time I saw the priest standing across the center of the village; he had been watching the telling from over there.  He walked away, then, and I could not see his face to know if he was pleased or not.  
My mother was one of the last people to leave the story circle; in truth I had not noticed her, in my fear of performing a poor telling.  
“That went well,” she said.  “The story was strong.” 
“The faces of the people bring out the words,” I said.  
She nodded at the maize ears burning in the fire.  “That is how we hold back the night, son.  With good words, and sacrifices.  This is how we make ourselves strong.” 
“Yes,” I said.  I knew this was true, I had thought such things myself.  But I still wished to hurl darts at spirits, or slap them with strong curses, like the priest.  

When I returned to the storyteller’s hut, K’aakik’ was sitting near the fire, watching the flames and smoking mild tobacco.  He waited until the masks were on their pegs before he said, “You remembered the words perfectly, and the dances.  A good telling.  But I could see you behind the masks.  The audience must see the story-people and not the teller; they must hear the story words and not your growls.”  
“You were growling, when you were speaking ah-Puch’s words,” I said. 
“No, you heard ah-Puch growling,” he said.  “It was a boy out there tonight, playing with his audience.  From now on it must be a storyteller in the circle, planting our ancestors’ words.”  
To this I said nothing.  K’aakik’ was not a severe work-father, his criticisms were painful to bear.  “I didn’t realize,” I said at last.  
“That is why I’m telling you,” he said, there was amusement in his voice.  “Smoke?”  
“No, thank you,” I said.  
I lay facing the wall that night, thinking.  The only way to tell stories as K’aakik’ wanted was not to hear each story myself as I spoke it, but only to tell it for others.  It was a dry path, the way he walked it, but I knew that for those who listened the words were nourishing.  I would live, then, in the thin place between our ancestors’ words and the hunger of my people.  The way of K’aakik’ reduced me to no thicker than a mask, no thicker than a layer of white paint, was my last thought before sleeping.  

It was not long after my first telling, on the day 18 Pax 7 Oc, that a group of hunters came to the village on the river from Chacwitz.  With them came Atlatla.  7 Oc is a very good day for journeys, and my brother and the hunters arrived safely and in good health.  
When I heard that Atlatla had returned, that afternoon, I abandoned the storyteller’s hut and went to our lineage-compound.  My mother and aunts were there, and my father’s older brother, but my father and his oldest brother were in the milpas.  All of us gathered around my brother, who stood near our ancestor-shrine.  And this was what was odd about him:  he stood stiff with his legs bent against us, not an oldest son in his own home but a stranger, threatened.  He was dressed as he had been the day he left, with his plain waist-cloth and a pair of tough sandals, but it was only his clothing that was the same.  He was fourteen and taller, his skin was darkened by many days under Father Sun, his face had become handsome but hard.  The arms and legs of my brother were chafed and scraped from tree-climbing, many scars curled across his skin.  My mother brought him tamales, and my oldest aunt gave him tree-fresh cacao, and he accepted those things with good words.  For my aunts he made little jokes, and then they returned to their huts, and my uncle went to tell his brothers Atlatla had returned.  After our mother took his plate and cup inside to wash, my brother turned to me.  His eyes had become black and piercing like those of the priest, I was held until he said, 
“A wise choice.  The storyteller’s path will keep you safe from many troubles.”  His voice was as I remembered, he still threw words like little darts. 
“We didn't hear you were returning.”  
“I have something for you, later,” he said.  “Your real gift, after the others are given.”  He turned from me, and that was all.  I could not think of anything to say, and his stiffness did not let anything be said anyway.  Not long after this my father came from his milpa, from all the twig-welts he bore he must have run through the jungle, and my brother for the first time looked pleased, and embraced him.  
And this is what I felt:  surprise at these actions, and the sting in my heart that said Atlatla had returned and reclaimed his place.  
That evening my lineage had a feast, there was stewed turtle and many sliced fruits from our orchards.  The seeds my brother had sent to my father years before had not sprouted in the valley soil, but Cab Coh lineage has its own fruit trees, and we ate very well.  There were many questions about Chacwitz and the mountain people, and though Atlatla answered them all, his voice was pressed-down and flat, and it seemed he did not enjoy talking about that place.  
My father’s oldest brother squeezed my brother’s shoulder, which is something he almost never does, and he said, “You look stronger.  We will have to see some of this tree climbing.”  
My brother just nodded, but I think he was greatly pleased at this.  
After the feast, when my little family was alone, Atlatla said, “I have things for all of you.”  
In his travelling bundle he had brought brightly-embroidered women's clothing for my mother, to remind her of her village, and three fluffy quetzal feathers.  For our father he brought a granite axe head; there is none of this hard stone in the valley, and our father’s pleasure was plain on his face.  For me he brought a wasp as big as my fist that he had carved out of fragrant cedar wood.  “The wasps in the mountains really are this big,” he said when he handed me the carving.  
“Yes, and they sting like it, too,” said our father, and we laughed.  
My brother tossed his gift bag next to his sleeping bench.  “It is good to be home,” he said.  
As I returned to the storyteller’s hut, I felt the eyes of many people upon me.  If I looked at anyone they just looked away or made a masking smile, but I knew what was being said:  
“We will see now, what he is like, this oldest son of the dying lineage.  We will see if their curse has weakened, or did it become stronger?”  
That night I smoked strong tobacco with K’aakik’, to drive away the whispers.  Even though my head was fogged, I thought before I went to sleep that the path of the treeclimber is not a very respected one.  My brother feared the envy of others against our lineage, and if there was such envy, he was not walking a protected path.  
The next day Atlatla climbed all the different kinds of trees in our orchards and brought down many ripe fruits.  He did this quickly, with the assistance of some stout sticks that he lashed onto his feet and a piece of cord that he looped around the trees to help him climb.  It is true that anyone can climb many-limbed trees, but smooth-skinned trees require skill to climb, and some trees have sharp spines as well.  My brother could ascend all these, and my father and uncles were pleased to see how easily he could do this.  Many fruits are wasted because they fall and are smashed, or they fall at night and are eaten by animals.  By climbing to check the fruits, my brother could ensure a richer harvest for our lineage.  
“This is superb,” said our father.  “When you are ready, I will take you into the jungle and show you some wild trees whose fruits are being wasted.” 
“I heard you can claim honey, as well,” said my father’s oldest brother. 
“Yes,” said my brother.  “There is a chant I learned.”  
“Very good,” said my uncle, it was respect that was in his voice.  Wild honey is a rich gift for the powerful men, not many people know how to gather it.  This was a better path than treeclimbing, my brother had after all chosen a good path for himself.  But it is true that it was also hard to hear so many compliments for him, when nothing was said of my storytelling.  In every lineage, the oldest brother gets everything.  When I went back to the storyteller’s hut I smoked with K’aakik’, for a while.  His strong tobacco was good for my aching heart, because it suffocated the heart worms invited by jealousy.  
That evening a powerful man visited our lineage-compound.  His name was Te Ek’, he is speaker for howler monkey clan and lineage-father of the powerful Chac Ceiba lineage.  He met with the Cab Coh men, they all had a little discussion about my brother.  The meeting was short, and Atlatla did not speak, since he was still a boy.  It was my mother who told me of this meeting, the next morning, when I came to speak with her.  She had poured drinks for the men and heard everything that was said.
“So, was he pleased about Atlatla’s paths?” I asked.  
“With such men, who knows what they think?  They know how to talk much and say nothing.  Anyway, everyone must wait until your brother goes through the river ceremony before they say anything, because boys so often leave their paths to do something different when they become men.” 
“Hmm,” was all I said.  It was surprising that our clan’s speaker came to talk about a treeclimber at all.  Many boys climb trees, though not as well as my brother.  I thought that in truth Te Ek’ visited to hear of this oldest son returned from the mountains, and to see for himself my brother’s new face.
“Now that your brother is on his path, and tanned and strong, the girls will be watching him.”   
“Maybe,” was all I said, and then I returned to K’aakik’.  My mother could fan fires all she wished, but I did not think my brother would escape our curse with just a little wind-burn and a few tree-climbing scars.  
Several days passed, and I only saw my brother in the mornings as he and my father went into the jungle.  Near the village, all the important trees belong to this lineage or that one, but farther away, the fruiting trees are wild.  It was those Atlatla could pluck.  Because my father was a wood gatherer, he knew where many such trees were, and several wild-bee logs.  Those two were away for long days, and though I wished to speak to my brother alone, there was no chance for this.  
Here is what happened instead:  on the day 8 K’ayab 4 Ahau Atlatla came to me, before Father Sun rose.  He just reached through the window of the storyteller’s hut and flicked my ear until I woke.  
“Come on.  Hurry.”  He did not say more but pulled his hand away and waited until I tied on my waist-cloth and sandals and came outside.  Harvest was over, only the orchards had to be tended, for that moment we were alone by the storyteller’s hut.  
“I have a gift for you, but we must hurry.”  
“Where…” I said, but already he was moving toward the jungle.  I had to walk quickly behind him, it was almost running I did.  
“Where is your dart-thrower?” I said, but he did not answer.  In a few breaths we were moving between the shrubs and trees, on the trail to the black road.  Father Sun was returning from the underworld, the sky was beginning to glow in the east, and many animals ran from us as we moved.  
“There is a crazed jaguar—” I said, and Atlatla said, “These other animals would not be here if balam was prowling around.”  
My brother was clever in the ways of animals; I could only accept his words, and pray.  When we came to the standing stone he stopped and looked at me, and in his eyes was the hard look I had seen when he first came down from the mountains.  I did not like this change I saw in him, this was not the brother who took me to the turtle pens and the story circle, when I was young. 
“I told you there are men who want our lineage to die.  Do you remember?” 
“I remember."  
“They hurled their darts all the way to the mountains.  Their hate followed me even there.  So I sent things to protect you, and our parents.  Now I have brought you something more.”  
“Which men?” I said.  “I only see people who think we are cursed.”  
“You are not watching the right people,” he said.  “And don’t begin looking, either.  That is a burden for the oldest.  Now be quiet, and take this.” 
He crouched down and dug out something from under the standing stone, it was an oiled leather bundle wrapped in palm leaves and tied with twine.  He opened it and took out a thin tablet of dark brown wood, three boy’s palms across and five palms high.  The face of it was covered with little pictures of people, and picture-words.  
“This is the song of our ancestors, it is Cab Coh’s thirteen-generation song.  There are people in the mountains who know how to make marks for words, as our ancestors did.  They will even teach others.  It is not like here, where only a few may know these things.”  He said this bitterly, and there he was, the brother I knew, angry at the priest once more.  And I was afraid for him, because there were powerful men asking about him, he could not keep such bitterness in his heart.  
“For our lineage, I had this teaching-board carved, and I learned the signs,” my brother said.  “And now I will teach you.”  
“For our lineage?  What about for me?”  It was his voice that was troubling, he spoke not to me but at me, to someone I could not see and did not know.
“Little brother, have you never heard our father’s words?  You are not you.”  And his voice became fierce:  “What you are, is, the youngest sprout… of… our… lineage.”  His face moved strangely, it was my father’s face I was seeing, just under his.  I wanted to flee, all the heat from that old beating was still in him, burning his spirit and hardening his heart.  
He tapped the words on the standing stone.  “These symbols are the spears powerful men throw, in the mat house.  They are the old titles.  They are the signs of the lords.  They break lineage-fathers and make fools of lineage-shamans and reduce respected families to servitude.  I must teach them to you soon, while they are strong in my head.  We will need them, in the future.”  
In truth I did not want these signs, my brother gave them an unhealthy heat, and our ancestors had already guided me to a good path.  But I saw that Atlatla would not let this idea fall aside.  It was my uncle I thought of then, his uncomplaining way of shouldering burdens.  
“I will try to learn,” I said.  
“Good.  For now we will keep the song here.  I will show you how some of the song-words are also on this stone.  Later, our uncle can keep it for you, if the storyteller’s hut is not safe.”  
“The priest will be angry, if he discovers you are teaching me these things.” 
“Who will tell?  There is no milpa work now, your mornings are empty?” 
“Yes.”  
“Then that is when we will come here.  It might not take you long to learn.  A few months.”  
“Very good,” I said.  
He wrapped the board and put it back under the standing stone.  “We will say I am showing you tree-climbing, and you are helping me gather fruit.” 
And so we raised ourselves against the powerful men.  

Only three days later, on 11 K’ayab 7 Akbal, there was another murder in our village.  It was a grown woman who was struck down, Chan Chamac was her name, a fer-de-lance bit her when she was going with other women to the river.  The dead woman’s sister seized a large stick and beat that snake to death, she killed it right there.  The lineage-father of the dead woman took the body of the snake and cursed it in front of everyone, and it was burned, and people spat on the hissing pyre.  Chan Chamac’s smoke rose straight to the fifth world.  The priest performed a divination and said her soul had reached the garden of the gods, because of her sister’s fast killing of the wicked serpent, and because of the family’s strong prayers and many sacrifices.  
In truth it did not take many days for me to learn our lineage song and gain knowledge of all thirteen Cab Coh generations.  Keeping words in my head was becoming simple for me, my brother was irritated with how quickly I took the song into myself.  
“It is no good just to repeat words, like a parrot,” he scolded.  “You must understand them.”  
So I said the passages in different order, and then in proper order, and for my own amusement I said all the words from end to beginning.  My brother’s face became very red, and he said, 
“We will see in a month if you still remember.”  And when twenty days passed I sang the song in its proper way, without looking at the tablet.  My brother knew then that I was not merely repeating words but had burned them into my heart, and he gave me the song-board to keep behind my sleeping bench.  That day was 17 Kumk’u 7 Muluc, a day for studying sacred teachings; I prepared myself so that we finished that day.  By then Atlatla had also taught me the picture-words for our song, and I could point out the correct ones as I sang.  This satisfied him, he placed no more burdens on me. 

During those mornings of learning our lineage-song and collecting fruits I asked my brother many times about Chacwitz.  He would say only small things about his time there, he spoke of cold winds and terraced fields and hunting for pebbles of dark green jade in the deep stream-beds.  He said nothing about my mother’s family, or any friends he might have found there. Only once did he mention something unusual, I cannot remember what day it was when he said:  
“In Chacwitz they do not tell the stories you tell here.  The women of power make their own words for the storyteller.  Only the stories of the creation are the same, I think.”  
“That is crazed,” I said.  “The stories hold the wisdom of our ancestors, how do they find their way without that?”  
My brother was picking fruits high above me, I barely heard him say, “The women of power of Chacwitz are crazed.  And so are our powerful men.  Everyone with power becomes crazed.”  
“If they don’t remember the days of the cities, then they are lost,” I said.  “They are like animals, living only right now.  I hope I never have to meet such bizarre people.”  
My brother laughed.  “Not everything there is cockeyed.  There are many clever women.”  Then he became quiet, and soon after that he climbed down and started back to the village.  
“Atlatla, what is wrong?” I asked him, because he did not look well.  
“I feel sick,” he said.  “I must rest.”  
“I’ll get the priest’s work-son,” I said.  I thought maybe xinan the scorpion had stung him, many scorpions ran up and down the fruit trees he climbed.  
“No.  None of those people.  Not even if I was dying.  Do you hear me?” 
I nodded and looked away, and we returned to our lineage-compound.  For the rest of that day Atlatla was ill in our father’s hut, but after another day he became strong again, and we returned to the jungle and resumed our lessons.  

A few days after I finished learning our lineage-song the new year began, and after the celebrations and the kindling of the new year’s flame it was time to begin planting for another year.  My brother worked in our father’s milpa and climbed trees, and I worked in the storyteller’s milpa and learned stories. And though we were brothers, I saw Atlatla only when I visited my father's hut, every five or ten days.  My mother said things to him about looking at women and seeking a wife, but he always said, 
“Mountain women are prettier,” or “Mountain women are more clever.” To this my mother would smile, such words made her shy.  My father always nodded, he had married a mountain woman himself.  

On the day 7 Wo 3 Kan our lineage-curse returned with great strength when the wife of my father’s older brother miscarried a tiny infant.  I had not known she was carrying a baby, since her belly was not showing and no one had spoken of this matter.  The murdered one was a boy, he would have been a new sprout for our lineage.  The priest’s work son came and divined and said it was the night lord Yellow Mist who killed him and that she was certainly summoned by someone.  My father’s oldest brother called the priest, and though no one told me what they spoke of, they must have hurled a curse at whoever summoned Yellow Mist.  On the next day, 8 Wo 4 Chicchan, we burned the tiny body in our lineage-courtyard, and many gifts were sacrificed to ensure that this seed could sprout again.  Though the priest’s work-son assured us that the infant soul had returned to the tree of life to be reborn, the faces of my lineage were gray as we watched the fire burn.  
And it is true that the village quivered with the news of this miscarriage, never had so many gleaming eyes followed me from their corners.  My brother had come back from the mountains tall and handsome and strong, the oldest had learned his paths well, but it was only our curse that truly mattered.  These looks and the pleasure that hid behind them brought quivering sickness to my belly and mis-beating to my heart.  There were only a few people who gave a little nod and seemed honest in their sympathy for our sorrow, all these were howler monkey people.  For three months after the miscarriage I hardly left the hut of the storyteller, and when I did it was only to go to my lineage-compound or to tell stories.  On that path I wore always the white face paint that took away all pain, and when I looked into the faces of the people it was through a mask, as someone else.  

There is something that should be said now, should be made clear:  my life with the storyteller did not change much after my brother returned.  My eleventh year in this world came to an end, and my twelfth began.  During the day we planted and weeded and harvested the storyteller’s milpa, and in the evenings he taught me to walk his path.  There are five twenties stories to learn in all, I understood that it would be years to gain them completely.  This was not so troubling to me, since life in the storyteller’s hut was not difficult.  After the one time K’aakik’ was displeased I was more careful in my tellings, and after that there was peace between the two of us.  K’aakik’ was teaching me ten stories each year, thirty was the number I would know by the end of my twelfth year of living.  All of these I had to dance to, all of these required knowing which masks to use and when to change them.  There were stories for children, there were stories of how animals and plants received their names, there were stories of spirits and monsters.  Because I was a boy, I could not yet learn or tell stories of powerful men, or gods.  
One thing that changed after Atlatla returned was that I smoked with K’aakik’ much more often than my father liked.  He complained that I stank of smoke, and so I always sat away from him when I ate with my family.  In truth I did not return to my lineage-compound often; it was the storyteller’s hut that held warmth.  All the heat in my father’s hut was for my brother.  

Atlatla’s words about my place in this world returned to me many times. Once he had cared for me, when I was a child, but now he spoke of me as a Cab Coh sprout.  Was this what waited for me, as I grew older?  So much worry about lineage, about paths, about powerful men?  My uncle bore all these burdens and others, and his heart was neither searing nor cold.  It was my father’s pounding that closed Atlatla and set fire in him, its roar was all he could hear. 
These thoughts about the problems of my lineage and the changes in my brother chased themselves around and around inside me and grew very troublesome.  On the night 18 Yaxkin 10 Men I could not sleep because of such concerns.  The Chacs were dropping rivers of rain on the village, but its sound on the roof brought no comfort.  I prayed all night to my ancestors for alleviation of this swelling of my heart.  Though I was profuse in my prayers, and the day10 Men is a good day for ancestors, there was no rest and no guidance.  Long before Father Sun was to awaken I put on an old waist-cloth and old sandals and went into the jungle.  My thoughts were not clear, it was not a wise thing I did, it was only my desire to find relief from the hardness of my brother that pushed me.  The trail was slick with mud, and the branches and vines were dripping, and I slid many times on the way to the city road.  Balam the jaguar does not go out in the rain, it is said, even black jaguars stay in hidden places on such days, and so I was not shrinking from teeth and claws.  
At the standing stone I slowed a little and mumbled my name, but I did not stay in that place.  Skin was torn from my toes, blood was taken from my ankles, in the darkness and thick rain there was only blind skidding and stumbling.  This was the essence of my thoughts:  emptiness, stupidity,  hollow ringing from sleeplessness.  Nothing was clear or sensible, it was not even certain to me if I was in the rain or fevering on my sleeping bench.  When I came to the round stone set into the ground there was trembling in my legs, the cramping of my calves doubled me over gasping.  After a time Mother Moon shone a little light through the weakest clouds, and I could see the two carved men sitting and moving their hands as they spoke.  The picture-words were still in columns behind the men, nothing had changed from my previous visit, and when I lowered myself onto one knee I could see clearly.  The men were clothed in the skin of balam and wore fine sandals, and at their feet were bundles that bore the picture-words for “gift” and “cacao” and “turquoise.” But the meanings of most of the picture-words were still unclear, because of my ignorance.  
When Mother Moon was hidden again I stayed kneeling by that stone, praying for strength to bear my burdens.  My ancestors offered nothing.  The only voices were the Chac-gods, speaking in thunder and lightning.  When the rain began to fall hard once more, I stood and returned to the village on the river.  Water ran into my eyes and down my body, I did not care.  On the jungle path my waist cloth was torn away by a shrub, and I picked it up and carried it into the village.  It is only luck that no one saw me in that lunatic way.  When I returned to the storyteller’s hut I dried myself off and at last found some small peace in sleep.  

At the end of my twelfth year of life I realized that it had been many months since I had heard of any women dying in childbirth.  It was my mother who spoke with me and K’aakik’ about what was happening in the village and what was said; she came to visit sometimes and brought us frothing maize or sweet cacao.  The storyteller’s wife never spoke to us about anything, she never brought sweets or performed any exceptional duties for us.  When I finally asked my mother how long it had been since any woman died giving birth, she said the wise-woman herbalist and the priest had saved the lives of three women who were attacked by hungry spirits during childbirth in the last year, and not one had died.  
K’aakik’ said, “It is the first year I can think of, when no women have died giving birth.”  
“Many women are very pleased that those two are so strong,” said my mother.  “But there will be angry spirits, because they have not received what they feel is theirs.”  
After my mother left, K’aakik’ did not smoke but stared into the morning fire.  It was cool in the valley, because of wind from the white stone mountains, and we sat close to the flames.  
“I think your mother is correct,” said the storyteller.  “There will be a killing soon.  Until it happens, we will carry weapons to the milpa.”  I nodded, and after that we carried spears to our field.  

It was only a month later, 19 Mol 5 Cib was the day, that a jaguar killed a boy in Chacwitz.  We heard this from traders who said no one knew where the boy was killed, exactly, because he liked to wander the trails around the village.  When he did not return to his father’s hut, the hunters went searching and found blood and balam’s prints.  Everyone knew even before our priest did a divining which jaguar had done this, it was the same servant of ah-Puch that had been hunting people for three years.  That demon was given a name then, it was called Tzak Balam, or “Summoned Jaguar,” since it was a servant of the lords of the night.  Because of what I had seen with my own eyes, I knew this name to be truthful, and I understood as did everyone that the killings were not going to stop any time soon.
The War Between the Cities

In the early days of this world the city of our fathers and the white stone city of the northern mountains were as one.   The farmers of the valley traded their maize to the white stone farmers and received the plump fruits of the high places for their own tables.  The merchants of the two cities traded precious jade and cacao, and the sons of the lords together hunted coh the red deer and balam the jaguar.  The white stone and green stone sorcerors walked the roads between worlds and gave to their lords the healing ambers and seeing-crystals they found in their travels.  The priests of the cities visited the shrines and the temples, and as one they burned copal incense for the sustenance of the gods and the goddesses.  
In those times ah-Puch was strong in the world, and his servants hunted our fathers in the jungle, in the mountains, on the rivers.  No place was safe, even in their houses and palaces the women and children were clawed and poisoned.  The lords of the cities saw that ah-Puch's plan was to crush them and take the world for his own, and in the light of Father Sun and Mother Moon they raised their fists.  It was the warriors of the two cities who lifted their spears against the crocodiles and plague-birds, it was the warriors who raised their shields against the jaguars.  The white priests and the green priests captured the death-spirits and burned them in the fires of sacrifice.  So it was that the servants of ah-Puch were forced from the valley and pushed out of the mountains, and the cities and the lands became safe places for the people to live.  
In the time after ah-Puch's servants were driven away, many babies were born and became men and women of vision.  The fields and orchards grew fat, and heavy were the baskets of the fishermen and carrying-poles of the hunters.  The priests prayed to the gods and goddesses and kept the days, and they dropped scented pine pitch into the sacrificial fires.  The men of power burned their blood and commanded the artists and scribes to paint the temples with the wisdom of Father Sun and Mother Moon.  Even ah-Puch was respected, with sacrifices and prayers.  Those were the days of gold and white jade, when Father Sun's light reached all places.  

It is said that our fathers began to think differently then.  "We have become powerful, great in our very beings," the lords of the valley said to each other.  "We do not need Saktun-nal any more.  We can trade with other people for obsidian and jade.  If we keep all our maize for ourselves, we will just break the white stone people down, they will live under us."  
The ahau of Kimitun-nal in those days was Chac Pak, "Red Dawn," and he sent for messengers to take his words to the white stone city.  "Tell them that maize will be more expensive this year," he said to the messengers.  "Tell them that the rats have eaten too much of the harvest.  Let them know that everything will cost much more, this year."  In truth the fields of our fathers were heavy with food.  It was just a trick the ahau was playing on Saktun-nal.  
The messengers took the ahau's words to the men of power of the mountains, who were not pleased.  "Have we not traded with Kimitun-nal all these many years?" they said.  "Have we not been as brothers?  Do brothers bleed each other dry?  If the sorcerers of Kimitun-nal cannot keep out a few rats, should we send our sorcerers to make the proper magic?"  Those were the words they sent to Kimitun-nal with the messengers.  
But the hearts of our fathers were obsidian toward Saktun-nal.  They raised the exchange for maize, squash, and beans.  They raised the exchange for figs and sweetsop, calabash and avocado.  They would not sell any chili peppers to Saktun-nal.  They would not sell cacao.  
"We do not have much, this year," they said to the Saktun-nal lords, through their messengers.  "Maybe next year there will be more."  
 
The ahau of Saktun-nal, whose name was Ox Tok, "Three Flint," grew irritated with our fathers.  He called to the mat house those merchants who had been to Kimitun-nal and asked them about the terrible rats which had destroyed so much food.  
The merchants were amazed.  "There is no shortage of maize in Kimitun-nal, oh, lords.  Their granaries are full.  Their vases froth with cacao.  Their fields bleed with red chilis."  
When they heard this, the men of power of Saktun-nal were confused.  "We must send some truly sharp-eyed merchants," they said.  "We must be certain what is going on there."  So they sent twenty merchants to trade with the people of the valley, but really those merchants were there to look in every granary and cooking pot.  
Our fathers saw those men looking, and they laughed.  "Good.  Now they will understand the place we are giving them in this world."  
But Ox Tok and his lords did not see things as our fathers did.  "The men of power of the valley wish to magnify themselves," Ox Tok said, in the mat house.  "We will see about that."  So they called for ten warriors and three twenties men with strong backs to come to the mat house.  
"We have a task for you," the men of power said to those people.  "This very night, go into the valley.  Pull the maize ears right off their stalks and bring them back with you.  Fill your bags with fruit and delicious vegetables.  Do this, and you will be rewarded with the feathers of irxqana, the green heron, to wear in your headbands on the holy days."  
So those men went down the river in canoes, with flint knives and net bags.  They went into the fields of the northern villages, and they took the maize.  They cut away the squash and severed the beans.  The white stone warriors watched for the warriors of Kimitun-nal, but there were none in the villages.  When the strong men had filled their nets with food, the mountain people traveled back to Saktun-nal.  The men of power gave the food to their people, and they gave the feathers of the green heron to the men who had gone to the valley.  
"Now they will understand that we will not be robbed," said Ox Tok.  

When our fathers heard of the loss of the maize, they met in the mat house to find the proper path.  "Our little brothers in the mountains have raised their fists against us, with this stealing of our food," they said.  "We must beat them down, a little."  They called two twenties warriors to the mat house and told them, "Go into the terraced fields in the mountains, and kill the warriors who guard those places.  Leave a chili pepper with each dead man, so that our little brothers know it was not bandits who did this."  
That night the two twenties warriors went into the cold mountains and killed the warriors of Saktun-nal.  That was a night of akbal-ich, when Mother Moon's face was hidden.  The valley warriors hurled darts from the bushes, they threw spears from behind trees.  Two twenties warriors were killed, and the Kimitun-nal men placed chili peppers in the dead hands.  Then they returned to the valley and said, "It is done."  
Jade celts were the gifts given to the warriors for the killing of the Saktun-nal people.  Each warrior received a white jade celt with his name carved into the stone, to pass down to his sons.  
The lords of the valley talked among themselves, they said, "The mountain people will not be stealing our food, again.  We will give them time to bury their warriors, and then we will send messengers to tell them that there are not two cities any more but only one, and it will be ours."  

But the people of Saktun-nal were not defeated by the killings or by the hunger growing in their bellies.  They just grubbed for roots, they just ate the bitter bark of trees.  The ahau Ox Tok said to his warrior lords, the sahals, "Take ten twenties warriors and go to the village called Northernmost Place.  Kill the men, and bring the women and children back here.  If the men of the valley want them, they can buy them with food."  
That night, the sahals gathered their warriors and went into the valley.  They killed all the men in Northernmost Place and took the women and children and all the maize from the granaries.  The women of the valley wept for their dead men, but the warriors of Saktun-nal grabbed them by the hair and beat them.  They just made them walk to Saktun-nal, to be slaves.  

Now our fathers were angered.  Chac Pak said to the mat house men, "We thought those mountain people were like us, but now we know that they are crazed.  We must treat them like murderers, we must speak to them with flint and obsidian instead of words."  
"Wait," said the chilam balam.  That was K'an Um, Yellow Feather, the high priest of all the valley.  He, too, sat in the mat house.  "This is the path of thorns, the path of skulls we are turning to.  Father Sun's light will not shine on us, if we go this way."  
"Where were the gods and the goddesses when our farmers were killed?" said the sahals.  "Where were they when our wives and children were taken to the white stone city?"  
"There was already blood," said the chilam balam.  "Our warriors had already darted the people of Saktun-nal.  That happened without consulting the priests, or the gods and the goddesses."  
"Talk to them, then," said Chac Pak.  "Will they bring our people back to us?"  
"We will pray," the chilam balam said.  "We will give sacrifices."  

On the day Seven K'aak' the priests of the valley made their plea.  
"Oh, Father Sun, oh, Mother Moon, hear these words!" they said.  "The men of Saktun-nal have become crazed.  They murder our men, they steal our people and our food.  Won't you help us protect ourselves?  Won't you show us the way to bring back our suffering people?"  
It was Mother Moon who heard those words, and she said, "The men of Saktun-nal have lost their way, but so have you.  We have given you rich fields, and plentiful rain, and clean light and heat, but now you kill your brothers?  In your pride you have placed your feet on ah-Puch's road, and we can do nothing for you until you come back to us."  
The priests took the words of Mother Moon to the mat house.  
"Very well," said the cahals, the governors.  "If the gods and the goddesses will not bring back our people, we must do it ourselves."  
"The white stone lords will have our people in the heart of their city," said the sahals.  "Our warriors will never take them back, with spears."  
The men of power sent for the sorcerors, but they could do nothing.  "The sorcerors of the white stone city have covered our people there with mist," they said.  "We cannot find them or bring them back, for now."  
"Very well," said Chac Pak.  "Then there is only one other we can go to for what must be done.  And perhaps we will still beat down our little brothers, as well."  
The mat house was silent, all the powerful men looked at the ahau.  "Clean the masks on ah-Puch's temple, and burn the fires high.  Let us see what the lord of the night will do for us."  
"Yes," said the men of power.  "The lords of Saktun-nal will not expect this.  Does ah-Puch not delight in the grinding down of people?  Maybe there is a way to bring back our women and children and defeat the white stone city."  

Now the chilam balam protested, he tried to walk a different path, but the lords told him, "The gods and the goddesses will not help us defeat those murderers.  We must turn to the night."  
"This path will devour our souls," the chilam balam said.  "We will never live in the fifth world after we die.  We must turn back.  The darkness on this road eats everything."  
Chac Pak said, "For now we must take any power ah-Puch will give us.  When we defeat Saktun-nal, we will leave this road and walk again in the light."  
So the priests went to the temple of ah-Puch and cleaned the masks and the altar.  They scrubbed the incensarios and built high the fresh-kindled flames.  On the day Three Akbal they nourished the fires with their blood, and they gave ceiba incense and cedar chips and prayers.  The chilam balam crushed a pebble of yellow jade and a pebble of white jade on the altar and prayed.  When the darkness came, the priests called ah-Puch to the temple.  
In the fire light the god showed his face.  It was only his teeth and eyes that could be seen.  He said, "I know your sorrows, priests of the valley.  Those other gods and goddesses have turned their faces from you.  But you do not have to suffer this humiliation.  I have heard your prayers and tasted your nourishment, and I have a gift for you.  On the night of Five Iik' you must climb to the roofcomb of my temple and face the mountain city.  You must give blood, much more than tonight, and then say the words which I will give you.  They will summon my servants to that city, and the people's fear will put them beneath your feet."  Then the god taught them his words.  
The priests went to the mat house and told the men of power what ah-Puch had said.  
"This is all we wanted," said the lords of the valley.  "With the darkness in our hands, we will humble the white stone people."  
That very night the priests of Kimitun-nal stopped eating chili peppers.  Three days later, they stopped drinking cacao, and they ate no more maize.  It was only water they drank, and they took no more food.  Their blood grew strong with ch'ulel, the divine essence.  They made many balls of incense and many cedar coals for the braziers, and they prepared bloodletters for Five Iik'.  

Our fathers were not alone in speaking to the dark on Three Akbal.  That same evening ah-Puch went into the dreams of the chilam balam of Saktun-nal, whose name was Wak Nikob, Six Flowers, and told him that the men of the valley were calling sorcery against the white stones.  Wak Nikob went to the lords of Saktun-nal, but they said only, "Do we listen to ah-Puch, now?"  
"What if his words are true?" said the chilam balam.  "The other gods and goddesses do not answer our prayers.  What if they have turned from us and favor the valley men?"  
The ahau Ox Tok said, "We must give great sacrifices to the gods and the goddesses.  We must ask for their guidance.  Take what you need from the treasure rooms of our palaces.  Call our wives to sacrifice blood.  Call upon us, and you will be heard."  
The priests kindled the sacred fires and threw in copal incense and powdered jade.  They burned their blood, and the blood of those wives, and they called the men of power to the temples and burned their blood, too.  That was on the day of winds, Four Iik', and the blood-smoke swirled around the temples and roused the gods and the goddesses.  
It was ah-Itzamna, that wise old god, who heard the prayers of Saktun-nal and appeared seated on the altar.  "Who are you to call to us with your troubles, with your pains?  Who are you but brother-killers and child-stealers?  What are you asking of those who still live in the light?"  
"Wise One," said the chilam balam, "Is it true that the valley men prepare sorcery against us?"  
"Yes," said ah-Itzamna.  "Great will be your suffering, but we will ease your pains, if you leave the dark."  
"We need strength, against the valley," said the chilam balam.  "We must have great magic."   
"We can grant you nothing, where you are now," said ah-Itzamna.  "You know the sacrifices to make, when you want to embrace my father once more."  
The priests took the god's words to the men of power, who put their faces in their hands.  
"Truly we are forsaken," they said.  
"We are not defeated yet," said Ox Tok.  "We must find a way to wound the valley lords and make them forget their desire to humiliate us.  If Father Sun and Mother Moon will grant us nothing, we must clean the temple of ah-Puch and ask what he will do for us."  

It was the day Five Caban when the Saktun-nal priests cleaned the temple of ah-Puch and sacrificed their blood.  The temple masks were scrubbed and the paint refreshed.  The chilam balam said the prayers and gave crushed obsidian, and the priests of the city chanted and burned incense.  When Father Sun had set and Mother Moon was not yet risen, a stinking mist came from the altar.  Then ah-Puch was there, standing with his bone staff in the entrance of his temple.  
"Ah," he said. "You are seeking strength."  
"We must terrify the valley men," said the chilam balam.  "We want them to weep with fear."  
"This is something I can do," said ah-Puch.  "Your gifts are pleasing to me, and now I have a gift for you.  On the night of Five Iik', you must sit at the edge of your city and let the braziers drink deep of your blood.  Then say these words, and you will have your terror."  And he taught them the words that would make our fathers quiver.  
The priests returned to the mat house and told the lords of the power they had received.  
"Good," said Ox Tok.  "Make ready for Five Iik'.  We will give sustenance, too."  
 So the lords and the priests of the white stone city began their fasting, and their abstinance, and they purified their blood.  

And then the holy day came, the day Five Iik'.  In the valley, the priests of Kimitun-nal lit the braziers and prayed.  All that day they chanted and bowed.  When the night came, they opened their veins above the altar; they just rained onto the hungry stone.  A cloud hid Mother Moon's face, and then the chilam balam of Kimitun-nal said the words ah-Puch had given him:  
"Rise, little chewers, little gnawers, little biters
Rise from the jungle
Rise from the swamps
Go to Saktun-nal
And make it your home."  
Across the jungles and swamps of the valley, ix-Oolimb's children, the insects, left their webs and bark holes and swollen leaves and went to Saktun-nal.  The people of that city heard the buzzing of wings and the clicking of jaws, and they were afraid.  Clouds of insects chewed everything—even pottery, even stone.  They bit and stung children and sucked the blood of women.  They left droppings in the maize husks.  They crawled on babies and itched their skin until they shrieked.  Even the sorcerers could not make them go away.  The lords of Saktun-nal could do nothing but burn green branches to fill the mat house with smoke.  It was only by reddening their eyes and stinking themselves that they were unbitten.  All that night the insects frightened the white stone city.  It was Father Sun's light which drove them back into their holes.    

Next come the words of the mountain people; they had their own prayers to say.  The Saktun-nal priests lit their braziers and bled themselves, and they gave crushed jade and obsidian.  When the clouds covered Mother Moon's face, the chilam balam said:  
"Waken, little sleepers, little flyers, little biters
Crawl out of your tree trunks, your leaves, your caves
Fly this night to Kimitun-nal
Suck the ears of the people
Bite the throats of the people
Bring terror to their hearts."  
In the caves and in the trees, ah-Puch's children heard those words.  A thousand twenties bats flew to Kimitun-nal and writhed above the incense burners.  They dove into the markets, and the plazas, and the temples.  They went into the huts, and the mat house, and the beating of their wings brought fear to the people.  
"Drive them away!" the men of power said to the sorcerers, but the sorcerors could not.  ah-Puch had sent those fliers, and the sorcerers were not strong enough to defeat them.  The bats bit the ears of the people, they tangled their hair.  They pushed their wet noses into the skirts of women and into the ears of men, and they bit people and licked the blood.  The men of power stabbed at the children of ah-Puch with spears, but there were too many, and they were too fast.  Only when Father Sun showed his face did they go back to their places in the mountains.  

The people of the valley cried out to the men of power, "Why have these children of ah-Puch attacked us?  Will we be completely drained of blood, next time?  What will you do to protect us?"  
The lords called the priests to the mat house.  "We must know why these children of ah-Puch have come.  Go to the temples, and call to him.  Let us learn why he sends his children here."  
The priests did as the lords commanded and made the sacrifices and said the prayers.  ah-Puch did not come right away.  It was three days before he showed himself; he made our fathers wait.  
"You see how it is with those mountain people," he said to the chilam balam.  "It is their sorcery which roused my children against you.  The words you said were strong, and the Saktun-nal lords are afraid, but they are proud.  Even now they think of more sorcery."  
"We cannot wait for them to send some horrible magic," said the chilam balam.  "We must have stronger words, words to defeat them and not just frighten them."  
"Well," said ah-Puch.  "There are such words, but they are not so easily given.  Go to your lords, and say to them, 'What will you do for the god, ah-Puch?  He has words of power to give, but how will you show your appreciation?'  You, chilam balam, you know what I desire."  
When the men of power heard the god's words, they said, "What does he want?"  
"He wants the beating hearts of strong men, and their fear," said the chilam balam.   
"Then we will see that he has them," said Chac Pak.  

This is when the killing began, to satisfy the hunger of ah-Puch.  In the darkness of akbal-ich, when Mother Moon was sleeping, the warriors of the valley went into the passes.  In those places where the white stone men were careless, the warriors beat them and tied their hands.  Three twenties Saktun-nal men were dragged back to the valley.  On the day Eleven Akbal, when the darkness was strong, the priests sacrificed twenty Saktun-nal warriors on the altar of ah-Puch.  They stretched them over the stone and cut their hearts out and burned them in the braziers.  The chilam balam called to the god, and this time there was no waiting.  
"Truly your men of power want to be the lords of valley and mountains," said ah-Puch.  "They have given me what I desired, and now you shall have what you want.  On the day Nine Ha', you must climb onto the roof comb of my temple and recite the words I will give you.  More of your blood must be shed, and your lords must give, too.  Do not forget, the words grow stronger with each sacrifice."  He taught words of great strength to the chilam balam alone, and then he took the sacrifices back to his palace to devour.  
The priests returned to the mat house with the words of the god, and the men of power were pleased.  "This time we cannot fail," they said.   
The day Nine Ha' was many days away, but the priests began gathering incense and scented herbs.  They began their fasting and abstinance.  They ate only a little maize, drank only water.  They stopped eating chili peppers, and they set aside their cigars.  They wanted great purity for the speaking of the words of power.  

And this is how the mountain lords became murderers; their fear led them to the dark.  "Go to the temples," they told the priests.  "Tell ah-Puch that we need words of great injury."  
The priests prayed and sacrificed, but ah-Puch did not appear.  For three days they had to beg him to show himself.  
When he came, he said, "I see you have not let them defeat you.  What is it you want now?"  
"Our lords ask for stronger words," said the chilam balam.  "We have to break the pride of the valley people, so they will no longer magnify themselves."  
"A simple thing," said the god.  "But I am hungry after sending my children to the green stone city for you, and you must give me something delicious.  Take up this matter of my hunger with your lords, and call to me on my night, Eleven Akbal."  
The lords of Saktun-nal heard the desire of ah-Puch and said,  "In the slave pens and work-pits we have nourishment for him.  Let him be filled, and then we will receive his words."  

On the day Eleven Akbal the priests of Saktun-nal put on their feather cloaks and dragged our ancestors to the altar.  Twenty women and children shivered in the mountain cold, twenty sets of teeth clacked.  The priests prayed, and they dropped pom into the fires.  When the day turned to night, they strangled our people with cords.  Our ancestors died without air, pawing.  The chilam balam called to ah-Puch, and when he appeared to them, he was smiling.  
"Your lords are strong in their desire to punish the valley.  They shall have their words.  On the day Nine Ha', sit at the edge of your city and speak down to the valley.  I must have blood, and there must be more sacrifices.  It is your generosity which decides your strength."  Then he taught his twisted words to the chilam balam and took our dead ancestors to toy with in his palace, and the priests and lords of Saktun-nal began their prayers and fasting.  

Then it was the morning of the holy day, Nine Ha', and our fathers lit the incensarios in the temple of ah-Puch.  That was a day of clouds and thunder, when Father Sun's face was hidden.  The men of power of Kimitun-nal came to the temples to cut themselves, they let blood onto strips of paper to burn for the god.  The priests gave, too; with obsidian slicers they ran their purified essence into the flames.  The chilam balam prayed all that day.  Even in the wind, even in the rain, he stood before the altar and said the words ah-Puch demanded to hear.  
When the night came, the last two twenties Saktun-nal warriors were brought to the temple.  The four holders, the nacomob, stretched them over the altar, and the chilam balam bled them for the god.  Forty warriors died, forty hearts burned, forty bodies were fed to ain the crocodile.  
The priests climbed the temple and sat on the roof comb, facing Saktun-nal.  In the mountains there was rain also, and lightning.  Our fathers could see the white stones shining, in the flashes.  In that high place, the chilam balam said the words ah-Puch had taught him:  
"Hide, waters, streams, rivers
Hide, lakes, pools, ponds
Empty the cisterns
Empty the chultuns
Let there be not a drop, anywhere."  
With those words, the mountain clouds stopped dropping rain.  The pools and basins drained into the underworld.  All the water that was in the mountains just sank into the ground.  
The valley lords said, "At last those mountain people will fall.  Their thirst will humble them."  

Again come words of retaliation from Saktun-nal; again the white stone priests gave blooded incense and red paper strips.  When the sky grew dark, the men of power of Saktun-nal had the rest of our ancestors brought from the slave pens.  Three twenties women and children stood on the steps of ah-Puch's temple.  All of those valley people were strangled and bled, and their bodies were put in high places for the vultures to eat.  
After the sacrifices, the chilam balam stood at the edge of the cliffs and said ah-Puch's words:  
"Rise, hidden waters, and flow
Fall, sky waters, and rush 
Swell the streams
Swell the rivers
And wash away those people."
The clouds over the valley broke open, and all the rain for the mountains and the valley fell into the jungle.  The water that had disappeared from the mountains gushed out of hidden streams and sinkholes.  The streams frothed, the rivers thundered.  The water smashed bridges and canoes and washed away the raised fields.  Villages were buried in water and mud, and many people were churned up and drowned.  The river roared into the green stone city and covered plazas and houses and markets in mud.  Five hundred twenties people died in ah-Puch's waters.  

These are the faces of the lords of the valley, after the flood:  they are grieving.  Tears are on their cheeks; they are listening to the sorcerors, who are peering into flames to see far away.  
"The floods came from the mountains," say the sorcerors.  "They washed away twenty villages.  Everywhere there are bodies in the mud, our people were buried alive."  
It is Chac Pak who says, "Is your magic strong enough to reach the lords of Saktun-nal?"  
"No, ahau," are the words of the sorcerors.  "Their priests are ready, their sorcerors are ready.  It will be days before thirst weakens them.  It will be days before we can strike."  
"Go, then," says the ahau, and the sorcerors leave the mat house.  
"The white stone lords will not be defeated by thirst," say the t'aakinob, the speakers for the people.  "They will steal from our rivers, steal from our cisterns."  
The cahals say, "We were fools to trust ah-Puch.  He takes our sacrifices, he has brought us into the dark, and he gives us only weak magic."  
"We must take our warriors into the mountains," say the sahals.  "We must crush the white stone people, or this killing will never end."  
"Here is what we will do," are the words of Chac Pak.  "Prepare the warriors.  Prepare the sorcerors.  This time, I will stand before the god with the chilam balam.  This time, we will ask for words of greatest strength.  We will grind Saktun-nal to dust, and its people will be only slaves, and sacrifices."  

The mat house messengers took the words of the ahau to the warriors, who made many quivers of darts and many spears.  Every warrior made a new axe of hardest stone.  They brought out their headbands and their armbands and their war sandals.  They readied their shields and padded armor and feathers.  The warriors brought out the crests of their fathers, and they bloodied their skin with new tattoos.  
"We are ready to go to the mountains," were their words to the sahals.   
Next the messengers took the ahau's words to the palace of the sorcerors, on the island Hun Nal.  Those men gathered their herbs and poisons and shining crystals.  They dug up the bones of dead murderers, for making curses.  They collected red feathers and orange feathers to start fires in Saktun-nal, and they harvested the roots of the tzibche, to give teeth to the wind.  
"We are ready to shake the white stone city," were the words of the sorcerors to the ahau.  

On the day Eleven Lemba, the ahau and the chilam balam of the valley went with the priests to the temple of ah-Puch.  All those men bled themselves, a little.  
"That is enough," said the ahau.  "We give no more until we receive great strength in return."  
"Ah," said ah-Puch.  He just appeared in the temple, seated on the altar with his bone staff in hand.  "And what strength is it you want?"  
"No more little words," said Chac Pak.  "We want words to snap bones and crush stones."  
"You place a heavy burden on me," said ah-Puch, "But I can do this.  If you give me what I crave, you shall have words to end the white city.  Never again will people live there."  
"That is our desire," said the ahau.    
ah-Puch said, "Very well.  Here is what my words will cost you:  I will have sacrifices, and this time they will be from your own people.  Twenty young women will be strangled at my altar.  Twenty children will have their bellies opened.  Twenty women with infants in their wombs will die by beatings from the priests.  These things can not occur in this old, ugly temple.  Five new temples must be built, one in each direction.  On the day Thirteen Akbal, my strongest day, you must give these sacrifices in the morning darkness.  That is only fifteen days from now.  If I receive these gifts, you will be given your words that very morning and use them that very night, and this war will be ended.  That is my promise."  
In the mat house, the chilam balam did not want to pay ah-Puch's demands.  "We can send the warriors and the sorcerors," he said.  "We do not need any more words."  
"The mountain people will use their own magic against us," said the men of power.  "This time they will not send a little water.  When they are ready, they will try to finish us."  
It was Chac Pak who raised his voice over the others.  "If we do not end this, it is we who will be finished.  We can use ah-Puch's words and then find a new path.  Even if we are out of the light for generations, we will leave this road when the white stone city has fallen."  
So our fathers ordered the selection of the sacrifices.  They came from families with no fathers, from broken lineages the gods had forgotten.  There were twenty young women, twenty children, twenty women with child.  They were tattooed with the sign of ah-Puch and given only a little food, only a little water, so their blood would be pure for the god.  In the tunnels under ah-Puch's temple they awaited the day Thirteen Akbal, and they prayed.  
The valley priests stopped eating; they fasted for fifteen days, and they did not visit their wives or children.  They set aside their cacao, and their cigars.  And with them were the men of power, all the lords of the valley, drinking only a little water, eating nothing, breathing copal incense and tattooing themselves for the holy day.  

Then there was the building of the five new pyramid-mountains and temples to ah-Puch.  There were only fifteen days to make them; it was the sorcerors who carried that burden.  In their palace they called upon the yach, the serpent-men from the fifth world, to go to the eastern mountains and bring the black stones to Kimitun-nal.  Forty twenties yach went to the quarries and cut the stones, forty twenties yach shaped the blocks.  They brought them on the river, pushing them on rafts.  At the shores it was the sorcerors who lifted the blocks with their magic and pushed them to the places where the temples would stand.  On the east side of the city they built the red temple of darkness; on the north side they built the white temple of darkness; on the south side of the city they built the yellow temple of darkness; on the west side was the black temple of darkness, and in the center of the city, higher than even the pyramid-mountains of Father Sun and Mother Moon, they built the green temple of darkness.  It was the sorcerors alone who raised up the pyramids and the temples, and then the stonemasons fitted the roofcombs together, and the artisans made the masks of ah-Puch on the sides of the stairs.  It was the sculptors who carved the new altars, with mouths open and teeth ready.  

In the mountains, the Saktun-nal men saw our fathers raising the black temples.  That was when there was drought in the high places, when the crops were dying, the animals were dying, the people were parched.  
"The lords of the valley are never going to stop," the men of power of Saktun-nal said.  "If there are even two valley men alive, they will come to hurl darts at us."  
"We must put an end to them," said the chilam balam.  "It is the only way. We must ask ah-Puch for words to devour their whole city."   
"Wait," said Ox Tok.  "Each time we ask for words, the price is greater.  Yet ah-Puch's magic does not stop the valley men, they just try something else.  This time we must do more.  You priests, go to the temples and ask what the god wants for words to extinguish Kimitun-nal.  You sahals, ready your warriors.  After these next words, we will go into the valley ourselves.  And you sorcerors, prepare your magic to destroy the valley people."  
So the priests of Saktun-nal gave blood and incense and prayed, and ah-Puch came.  "You wish to put an end to those men for all time, those are the words of your ahau?  Yes, that can be done.  It is a great burden, but I can do this for your people."  
"We will give great sacrifices," said the chilam balam.  
"Oh, no, don't worry about that," said ah-Puch.  "There is another thing, first.  Great words must be said from a place of strength, not an old, tired temple like this one.  In fourteen days' time it will be my day rising, Thirteen Akbal.  On that day there must be a new temple, on the western side of your city.  It must be high enough to see over the valley.  When it is finished, it is the blood of your sorcerors which will summon me.  They must sacrifice in the morning, before the light.  Then you will have your words."  

This is the raising of the black pyramid-mountain, in Saktun-nal.  It was the sorcerors who called it into being, who drew it out of the heart of the mountains.  There was no stone cutting, no lifting, no moving.  The sorcerors bled themselves on the ground and called to the spirits of stone, and the black pyramid-mountain grew out of the earth.  When it rose it was smooth, it was just a dome of black rock, but then its skin cracked, and it had steps, and tiers, and masks.  For nine days the sorcerors fasted and sacrificed their blood.  For nine days the black pyramid-mountain grew, until it was higher than the other temples.  Its masks were the faces of the nine lords of the night, and their father.  
When it was finished, there was a surprise.  The sorcerors opened their veins to give blood into the mouths of the toothed masks, but that was not what ah-Puch wanted.  Out came the tongues of the lords of the night, their masks spat forth scaled tongues and pulled in the sorcerors to be crushed in the teeth.  There were only twenty sorcerors in Saktun-nal, the masks killed all of them but two apprentices who were not there for the nourishing.  That was when ah-Puch brought himself into the new temple, when the blood was running between the lips of the masks.  
"That is the only sacrifice I need," said ah-Puch to the chilam balam and the ahau of Saktun-nal.  They were both there in his temple, to speak to him.  "Now I have taken my price for the words I am giving you.  This very evening, sit here before my altar, both of you, and face the green stone city.  All you must do is bleed yourself and say the words.  Now, here they are."  And he taught the words to them, but the ahau could not comprehend them.  He just heard wind when ah-Puch spoke.  It was the chilam balam who received the god's magic.  That was on Thirteen Akbal, before the dawn.  

On that same day, the priests of the valley made their sacrifices.  They lit the braziers of ah-Puch's temples and dropped balls of incense into the fires, nine for each priest, nine for each lord.  Then they brought out the sacrifices.  It is said that the priests trembled when they stretched the children over the altars, that even the chilam balam, who was old and had made many sacrifices, was shaking when he raised the knife over them.  They were the first to satisfy ah-Puch's hunger.  
There was the killing of the young women next, the priests put cords around their necks.  All those girls died purple, it was ah-Puch who demanded such a thing.  
In the east, Father Sun was rising, his light was beginning to come over the mountains, and the priests raised their clubs.  The young priests held down the pregnant women, and the oldest priests beat them as ah-Puch said, until they died, and their children died in them.  
Then ah-Puch came to his yax temple, in the center of the city.  He appeared before the chilam balam and the ahau.  When he came, he was smiling, it is said, and he was smoking a cigar.  
"You will have your words now, right under my brother's eyes," he said to Chac Pak and the chilam balam.  He reached out with his staff and cut their faces, he drew the obsidian tip across their skin and brought out their essence.  "It is in your blood that you will remember my words, and you must bleed yourselves when you say them.  You must give nearly everything in you, until you are as pale as the first world people."  Then he told them the words, but only the chilam balam understood them.  The words were in his blood, then.  ah-Puch was in his blood.  

This was the city of our fathers on Thirteen Akbal; there was no one in the plazas, no one in the markets.  The men of power fasted in the mat house.  The warriors were in the mountains, waiting in caves. The priests were at their temples, hidden from Father Sun's face.  Only the sorcerors were speaking, in their palace on the island Hun-nal; they were discussing their night-visions.  It seemed to them that their lord, ah-K'awil, had come in their dreams and showed them the way to defeat Saktun-nal.  They could call upon the spirits of the living lightning and send those strokes of blue fire into the mountains as assassins.  Father Sun had forbidden bringing those spirits into this world, but now ah-K'awil told them that his father would allow it, to end the evil sorcery of Saktun-nal.  In truth it was a trick, only ah-Puch was in the dreams of the sorcerors.  In his strength he could even appear as one of Father Sun's own children.  

When the day Thirteen Akbal turned to night, the  chilam balam of the valley was first to speak.  The ahau and the lords of Kimitun-nal shed their blood onto the altar of ah-Puch's yax temple; everywhere on the carved stone were pools of blood.  The chilam balam opened his own veins and began to chant right away:  
"Rise, now, mists, from the swamps of the valley
Rise to the mountains 
To the City of White Stones
Bring coughing and wheezing
Bring bleeding and weeping
Bring gagging and wretching
Until pain chokes them all."  
In the swamps, yellow mist rose from the water.  It drifted up the passes and covered Saktun-nal.  The white stone people coughed blood.  Their noses ran, and their skin oozed, and they wept with pain.  The yellow mist choked everyone, and a hundred twenties people strangled.  

The chilam balam did not stop, did not even pause:  
"These are the words of the sinkhole people
The words for the spirits of the sickly third world
Bring pain to the heads of the Saktun-nal people
Make cloudy their eyes
Just loosen their bowels
Let their mouths drool
Then burst their hearts."  
From the sinkholes, five twenties spirits crawled into this world.  They were pale, like fog, and they floated over the ground.  Those spirits went into the heads of the Saktun-nal people and made them crazed.  They beat their heads on walls.  They gouged their own eyes until blood clouded them.  They slobbered on themselves and squirted diarrhea on the temples and the houses.  They giggled and spun in circles until their hearts burst and they died on the paving stones.  Then the spirits went into new people and murdered them.  

Still it was not finished, the chilam balam spoke to complete the magic of ah-Puch:  
"These are the final words, words of great power
Words for the silent ones, deep in the caves
Rise, cold ones, still ones, silent ones
Rise and take up your clubs
Hunt your children 
And your children's children
Crush the sprouts of your lineages."  
Those words burned the throat of the chilam balam, they burnt his tongue so that he never again could speak.  In the caves where the ancestors of Saktun-nal lay gleaming, those skeletons stood.  They took up flint clubs and came out of the caves into the white stone city.  In the darkness, those twisted ancestors hunted their children's children.  They bashed the heads of infants and broke the ribs of the women.  No one could stop them.  Only the sorcerors could have stopped that magic, and ah-Puch had devoured the sorcerors.  When the warriors cut those old bones, it was their own bones which were severed.  When they threw the ancestors on the fires, it was the warriors who burned.  A thousand twenties people were killed by their fathers, because of ah-Puch's magic.  

Now all the words had been said, and the warriors of Kimitun-nal rushed from the caves.  In the valley called Fallen Place the white stone warriors and the green stone warriors found each other.  They were screaming, the valley roared with their noise and the zuzzing of darts.  Even the sahals fought with their axes, seeking nourishment for ah-Puch.  The dying warriors fell into the streambeds and rolled down the mountain sides, and their broken feathers floated around them.  

This is the destruction of the green stone sorcerors on Thirteen Akbal, under the wasp star:  they were destroyed by ah-Puch.  In their palace the sorcerors called the spirits of the living lightning into this world, through pebbles of blue jade.  These were the names of the nine spirits:  
Thunderbolt and Blinder came as two
Bright Lightning and Roaring Spark were two also
Rock Splitter and Blue Runner hunted our ancestors back-to-back
Brilliant Flash and Water Jumper leapt over each other in their eagerness to kill
and Skybreaker came alone."  
  The sorcerors commanded the spirits to go to the white stone city, but that was not what happened.  They only laughed, and then they tickled with their jagged fingers.  The sorcerors died; they burst into flames like lightning-struck trees and were charred.  The spirits were servants of ah-Puch, and they had not come to the valley to obey our fathers.  They went into the streets and killed the people, instead.  Everyone they tickled burned and died.  Two thousand twenties people were killed.  At the mat house the men of power and the spirits of living lightning found each other.  The flashes were seen in the farthest villages, the thunder was heard at Fallen Place.  But those spirits were powerful, and the lords of the valley were killed.  They were tickled, and they burned.  Seven of the lightning spirits were destroyed by the spears of the lords; Brilliant Flash and Water Jumper alone survived.  They went into the city and killed the people until Father Sun rose and terrified them into leaving this world.  All that long night those two were murderers.  

And here is the end of the sorcerors of Saktun-nal:  when the warriors met at Fallen Place, the two white stone apprentices called to the spirits of living darkness.  They were going to send the spirits to devour our fathers, but those were ah-Puch's servants from the first days of the creation, very old and powerful, and they were not obedient.  These were their names, there were nine in all:  
Shadow and Hollow Heart were the first two
Rustle and Murmur were the second pair
Frost Maker and Whisper were brothers in the dark
Last Sigh and Eclipse leapt from branch to branch in the trees
and Star Biter floated overhead like a black cloud and pounced down on the people  
The black jaguars came from behind the curtains, they came from inside the water jars and incense-burners, they clawed out the hearts of the apprentices and devoured their faces.  The spirits ran through the white stone city and tore the people, a thousand twenties died in their embrace.  There was no one to challenge their strength.  Even the lords of Saktun-nal would not fight; the hearts of those men died as their city died, and they could not raise their spears.  

Now come the words of Saktun-nal, last spoken and last to be felt.  The priests were on the great pyramid-mountain of ah-Puch, looking over the valley, feeding their blood to the night.  Above them, on the roof comb, the chilam balam of the mountains chanted ah-Puch's words:  
"Flow, mountain winds
Without heat, without life
Down the passes
Through the valley
Circle the green stone city 
Like a serpent
And quiet the hearts of those people."  
From the mountaintops came the night winds, slithering down into the valley.  Those gusts froze the warriors at Fallen Place; they all died right there, bitten by the cold.  Then the winds squeezed Kimitun-nal.  Our ancestors built up their fires and prayed for them to stop, but they did not.  They blew all night and took the heat from the city, and many old people and babies died.  

Then the chilam balam called out the next words:  
"These are the words of the mountain-top clouds
The words of the sky, the words of the storm
Let the swirling air stroke 
Kimitun-nal
Nuzzle the houses, caress the temples
Stroke the palaces and fondle the mat house
Until all that city is spinning."  
And this was the way of those words, that the clouds above the valley began to twirl, that ah-Puch's mouth opened in the sky and spun down onto the city of our fathers.  Squalls were his teeth, sucking was the sound of his hunger, when his mouth kissed the houses and palaces.  The roof thatch was torn away, the maize houses were emptied, the cacao vases and the market stalls and the roofcombs of the temples were smashed.  Countless were the people seized and broken against the stone walls.  Only the spirits of the living lightning danced in the twisting winds, it was Brilliant Flash and Water Jumper who were lifted into the sky and leaped down again onto the people.  They just laughed when the tornado ruffled their fires.  

It is said that the chilam balam of the white stone city cried when he said ah-Puch's final words.  He alone saw Father Sun and Mother Moon turn forever from Saktun-nal, saw the ancestors of his people forsake them.  But he did not stop:  
"Hear these words, oh, infants
In the wombs of your mothers
Feel your claws, feel your fangs
The eyes of serpents are yours
Claw your way out
From blood into darkness
Feast on the flesh of your parents."
This is what those words did:  they transformed the babies in the wombs of their mothers.  It was ah-Puch's power from the early days of the creation that the chilam balam called upon.  The babies tore the stomachs of their mothers with their claws, they slashed their mothers' insides with their fangs.  Those poor women begged Father Sun and Mother Moon for help, but our fathers had turned from the light.  Only ah-Puch heard them, and he just laughed.  The changed babies tore right out of their mothers, and all those women died.  Their babies ran through the city on all fours, howling and snarling.  They raked at the artisans and merchants and laborers.  They slashed at the children and the unmarried women.  No one could stop them from ripping the people.  

Now ah-Puch entered the white stone city and the green stone city, when the people were weak, when the people were dying.  He knocked over the acantuns, the guardian stones, with his staff of broken ancestors, and the stones shattered at his touch.  Around him were the nine Lords of the Night, laughing and playing their pipes.  They were all there:  Camazotz, the death bat, tearing open the veins of the people; Bone-snapper, cracking the ribs of the dead; Stalker, hunting those who had hidden themselves; Yellow Mist, whose strength had already been felt; Watery-eye, who sucked the flesh from the bodies of the dead; Pus Wound, who afflicted the survivors with disease; Skull Breaker, with his great stone club, bashing the faces of the corpses; Blood Sucker, draining out the essence of the dying; and Bloody Fang, tearing those who raised their spears.  They stomped on the bodies of the dead and ground them under their feet.  
The ahau of the valley and the ahau of the mountains knew then that they had been tricked.  "Now we are the lords of nothing," were their words.  "Our people are dead, our cities destroyed.  ah-Puch let our hunger bring us down his road."  Chac Pak and Ox Tok raised up their spears against ah-Puch and his children, but what could they do to gods?  Their hearts were pulled out, their blood devoured.  Their faces were smashed and destroyed, their seed became nothing.  
In the great plaza of the mountains and on the yax temple of the valley, ah-Puch hurled forth darts of agony, darts of despair.  They impaled the priests of Kimitun-nal and the priests of Saktun-nal, and all those people died.  Their bodies shriveled and tumbled down the steps of ah-Puch's black pyramid-mountains, and the Lords of the Night stamped the corpses into dust.  Then they knocked down the mat houses of the two cities, they knocked down the palaces of the priests and the palaces of the sorcerors.  All the temples were cracked, too, and the people were cast out and destroyed.  It was ah-Puch alone who walked in the ruins of the cities and enjoyed his cigar.  
When the dawn was near ah-Puch leaned on his staff and called out:  "Oh, my brother!  All these long years you have kept me from the cities of your children.  All these long years I have hidden in the jungle, like a dog.  But, see what has happened.  Your children came to me, and now they are broken!  Now they are the dogs, in hiding!  If any still live, they will die by my servants, they will die by my hand."  He flicked his cigar, its cinders flew into the valley and into the mountains, and the two cities burned.  Only when Father Sun's face appeared did ah-Puch go back into the darkness, taking his children and his servants with him.  

It was then that Father Sun wept, and Mother Moon, when they saw how far down ah-Puch's road our ancestors had walked.  They called to the people who were hiding in the villages and the secret places.  They called to those who remembered their names.  
"You must begin all over again," Father Sun said to those people.  "You must leave these dead cities and build new places.  You must chop out fresh fields.  And you must make a story of these things which have happened, to remind you for all time of my brother's lies."  
So our ancestors came to this place, this village on the river, and here they started again.  Those were the days of death by snakebite, death by jaguar, but our fathers honored the gods and the goddesses, and they were protected.  They grew stronger, and some went to Xunech, and some went to En, but right here in this place was where all the new sprouts started, after the war.  Now we remember the mistakes of our fathers.  We remember their strength, and their pride, and their fall.  We remember the tricks of ah-Puch, and again we hunt his servants in the jungle, in the mountains.  In this time of the raw dawn we remember it all, and we will never forget.  

Weeding
On the day 6 Sek 11 Lamat my brother was sixteen years in this world and was to become a man.  Because there is a river ceremony for this transformation, there was only a small feast in our lineage compound.  The three wives cooked, there was bubbly cacao and roast chili-deer and turtle dumplings and many stringy squashes, steaming.  There were even fig tarts, from fruits my brother gathered.  No one brought gifts; gifts for men come only with marriage, and responsibility.  
At the feast my brother smiled more than he had in many months, and he spoke with our father and uncles about the river ceremony.  Almost two years had passed since his return from Chacwitz, and except for his teaching me our lineage-song, he said only pleasantries to me, only empty words.  His days were burned in our father’s milpa and in the jungle, gathering fruits, and in the evenings he learned woodcarving from our father and spoke often with our oldest uncle.  What they discussed I did not know.  Though I lived only a hundred paces from our lineage-compound, I did not see my brother often.  My own training required great attention, I was telling many stories in the circle, maybe it was just more comfortable in my own place of strength than in the place of my father and my brother.   

On 6 Yax 7 Lamat the demon-jaguar Tzak Balam killed a girl from Xunich.  Chel Can-na was taken near a stream as she went for water, she had risen earlier than the other girls and went alone.  Tzak Balam’s prints were unmistakable, and he left so much blood that the hunters knew the girl was dead.  For two days they tracked this animal through the jungle.  Though they found pieces of the girl’s clothing, they did not find her bones or the demon-spirit.  Our priest performed sacrifices of turkeys and flowers, copal and his own blood to strengthen the guardian stones for our village.  
After this murder I rubbed my charm-pouch often and prayed for protection from Tzak Balam.  
“There is no use in charms,” K’aakik’ said when he saw me doing this.  “It will only be the gods who crush such a servant of ah-Puch.”  We did not bother to take spears to our milpa, flint would do no harm to this spirit.  

On the day 18 Keh 7 Ahau my brother went through the river ceremony with eight other boys who were also becoming men.  And this was the way of the ceremony:  it began with nine days of fasting for the nine boys and five days of fasting for boys who came to watch, and thirteen days of fasting for the men.  The day before the ceremony was a celebration in the village center, but it was feastless; not one fruit was eaten nor even one tiny baked quail but only a few drops of mother's milk for the littlest sprouts.  There were musicians from all lineages, drummers and flutists and rattlers banged and swayed and spit, and the nine boys danced the Burning Boys dance, and then the unmarried women danced the Water Girls dance.  All of this was very pleasant, because of the excitement of the people, and because my brother was one of the dancers and did not stumble.  
After the dances the women and girls left the village center to the men and boys.  All that afternoon there was more dancing, and smoking, and listening to old men talking about when they were children.  At the end of the day the lineage-fathers brought the nine boys into the middle of the village and introduced them, each boy’s achievements were named under Father Sun.  
“This is the boy Atlatla, of the lineage Cab Coh,” said my father’s oldest brother, when it was Atlatla’s turn.  “Already he has journeyed far and seen many things.  When he came of age to choose his path, our ancestors told him in a dream to go to Chacwitz.  In the mountains he mastered many kinds of trees, and he has returned to place his feet firmly on the tree-climber’s path, and that of the honey-gatherer.  He is the oldest son of our lineage and stands tall in the light.  Today this boy becomes a man, Atlatla.”  In truth my brother looked ready and strong, in spite of his fasting and having danced and smoked so much.  
After my uncle’s words were finished, the men nodded.  If they were thinking of our lineage curse, this was not in their eyes, not on their faces.  
The introductions were completed, there were more dances by the men, more smoking and jokes and stories of old times.  This continued all night, the center of the village became hazed with smoke.  At the end of the night K’aakik’ told the story of the death of boys and the birth of men; for this he squatted near the fire circle and spoke quietly so the women could not hear. By dawn Atlatla and the other boys looked very tired, but they were not allowed to sleep; their death still lay ahead of them.  
When the story was completed, the priest said, “The gods are calling these boys to the river.”  At those words the nine boys took their waist cloths off and dropped them into the story circle fire, and then their fathers came to them with pots of red dust and painted them the color of Father Sun.  In this way the boys in their nakedness were protected from ah-Puch’s servants. 
When they were completely painted, the priest led the boys to the river. And this was his clothing that day:  he wore the headdress of ain the crocodile, and on his wrists were feather cuffs my mother had made, and from his waist-sash hung many pouches of herbs.  His high sandals were the hide of kan koch, the fer-de-lance, and the tunic and the leggings of the priest were of clean, white cactus fibers.  All through the dances and smoking, all through the old men talking and the storyteller’s words, the priest carried his bloodwood staff with its copper crown shaped like Father Sun rising.  When he was watching, when he was speaking, his face looked always the same, like a stone face in the city.  The burdens of his path made him a serious man, like my uncle.  I thought that if there was anyone who could defeat the spirit jaguar, it was Puksikal Tok.  
The nine boys and their lineage-fathers walked side by side behind the priest, and the other men came with their sons beside them, in order of the lineages.  At the edge of the river the priest scattered herbs into the water to keep ain away and then turned to us.  The nine boys left their lineage-fathers and squatted on the river bank, facing us.  Father Sun was almost risen, his light glowed behind the eastern mountains.  
“Today these boys must die,” said the priest.  
Around me, men murmured prayers to Father Sun.  
“Their time as boys is over.”    
The men around me nodded, many clasped their sons sitting with them. My father tapped my shoulder, this quick touch was what he had for me.  
“You have heard the words the storyteller told,” the priest said to the nine boys.  He raised his staff, and the nine stood and walked into the river so that its waters rose over their hips.  The priest stepped beside the first boy, all faced us from the river’s embrace.  
“Are you ready to die?” the priest said.  
“Yes,” that boy said, and though his voice was strong, he looked nervous and weary.  
“Are you ready to be reborn?”  
“I am.”  
The priest took a small bundle from a pouch on his belt and put it in the boy’s mouth, and he said something to him that I could not hear.  “Father Sun!” the priest called out.  “Take this boy and give us back a man!”  He put his hand on the boy’s head and pushed him down until he was squatting in the water, even his head was submerged.  
The priest did this for two other boys, then he came to Atlatla.  
“Are you ready to die?” he asked my brother.  
“Yes.”  
“Are you ready to be reborn?”  
“I am ready,” Atlatla said.  His voice was not good, there was hardness that came from his bitterness toward the priest.  Some of the men murmured, my brother’s anger was there for all to hear.  I did not look at my father or lineage-father, I did not move when men looked at us.  Then the priest put an herb-bundle into my brother’s mouth and pushed him down into the river. 
When all the boys had been under water for many breaths, the priest said, “Those boys have died, we must call them back from the garden of the gods before they lose their way.”  
Everyone knew what to do.  There is a little poem that is sung for this ceremony:  the song of the dying boys, it is called.  It is not long, its words came out of me as I had heard them in other years at the river ceremony.  Singing this was painful, the song meant the brother I knew as a child was dying, and only the hardened stranger who came back from the mountains remained.  The voices of the men were strong, and though I wished to lose my pain in their singing I could not because of my lineage-curse, because the sideways looks of the men would kill me if I let their voices into my heart. 
Then Father Sun rose and poured forth his light, and the howler monkeys began to roar, and many birds squawked and chattered, and the river turned to glowing jade in the clean light.  It was in that green flow that my brother was reborn.  
The priest reached into the water, and the first boy stood up.  And this was his face:  his eyes were ringed with black, he was exhausted, but he looked at us with pride.  
“This is Keh Akot Waxuban,” said the priest, and the new man was seen. 
In this way the priest reached to each boy and raised him up, until he came to my brother.  
When Atlatla rose his face was a mask from the underworld; his jaw was clenched and he was pale and his eyes were black and glittering, even when he returned from the mountains he had not looked so fearful.  It was an anger that was showing, but its kind I did not know.  Right there I prayed to our ancestors to protect my brother from the worms eating his heart.  Then it was only his own face, very tired and with black-ringed eyes.  He smiled a good smile and lifted his chin, but it was too late, he was seen.  My father’s hand was on my arm, squeezing very tightly, his press was so tight that I leaned into his side.  His breath came out in hard little puffs, he wanted to go to my brother but had to sit still and look strong.  
“This is the man Atlatla Cab Coh,” said the priest, and then he went on to the others.  When all nine had risen they rejoined their lineages, and we returned to the village.  If there were looks at us I did not feel them, in my concern for my brother.  
As we entered our lineage-compound my oldest uncle said, “When I went through the ceremony, the old man who was priest then put chilis in my herb-bundle.  That was because I once said something foolish about his headdresses.  That was a very long time under the water, for me.”  
My father laughed at this, as did I, and my uncle looked at Atlatla in a way to encourage him to say anything that needed to be spoken.  
“I am tired,” said Atlatla, and he went inside.  My uncle gave my father a firm look, and then he left for his own hut.  My father stood with his face growing red, and his jaw became set.  Because there was only going to be ugly argument and snarling in his hut, I did not return there for many days. 

A short time after the river ceremony, on 6 Muwan 3 Lamat of my thirteenth year, there was another murder in our village.  It was a boy child, Waxaklahun Cutz’, who was torn from us.  He was playing with other children outside his family’s lineage-compound, they were running along a mossy log when he fell onto the spike of a broken branch and was gored through the belly.  His was a death with much suffering, the priest’s work-son could only lessen his pain a little.  And this is what the other children said:  that he did not fall, he was thrown forward by unseen hands.  An evil spirit had seen its chance when the boy was beyond the acantuns at dusk.  
The priest’s work-son performed a ceremony that same night to drive away the spirit, and some men from the boy’s lineage axed the log to pieces and burned it.  The family of the boy offered many ears of dried maize, five turkeys, and a yellow-green feathered belt, along with endless prayers, to ah-K’awil, and because of this, and perhaps because the boy’s lineage-father is strong in the keeping of the holy days, the soul of the boy entered into the garden of the gods and did not become a wretched slave to ah-Puch’s servants. Even so, the boy’s mother poured soot on her face and fasted until she was weak and slobbering, because she had allowed her children to play on that log.  It was the wise-woman herbalist who spoke to her and made her eat again, who gave her back her heart so she could continue living and care for her other children.  
The day after this death I went to the place where the log had been, I went to see where this person had been killed.  There were crumbled herbs scattered around, these were some of the strong herbs that can be used to wound spirits and even kill them.  For many beats of my heart I stood contemplating the injurious ways of ah-Puch and his children.  It was a good thing, to wound his servants and afflict them with misery as they do us.  There was pleasure for me, dreaming of the suffering of his favorites at the hands of my people; there was warmth in the thought of the sandals of the priest kicking the faces of vicious spirits.  Such were my thoughts, in that place of flower-scented herbs and dried blood.  

Here was the great mistake I made in my thirteenth year:  I tried to speak with my brother about his anger against the priest.  After the river ceremony Atlatla began to quarrel with my father and with my oldest uncle, their frustration with him pushed many words from their mouths.  On 4 Pax 8 Cimi there was one of these arguments, when I was visiting for dinner.  
“You can’t continue to disrespect the powerful men,” were my father’s words to my brother.  “I am told you do not say the greetings, you do not bow to the lineage-fathers.”  
“They receive their respect.”  Even this small comment brought out Atlatla’s bitterness.  
“You cut it short.  They will take something else if they do not receive what is theirs.”  
“We are Cab Coh, not mud people.  We decide how much is enough.”  
“Just give them what is theirs!” my father said.  
And this is what my brother did:  he leaned forward and forced his anger down into himself.  When he was a boy he was sullen after quarrels with our father, but now he swallowed his anger until his eyes turned to sparkling jewels.  It was this look that was on him when he rose from the river, this was the look of hot frustration with no place to burn but his heart.  My father saw this, his teeth crushed together, and a burst of heat seemed to come from his entire being.  Then I returned to the storyteller’s hut, it was no use staying there.  Though my mother listened to everything, she only bore a face of suffering and looked down at the great empty place between these men.  
The next day I went with my brother into the jungle to assist him on his path and to seek relief from the smoke and the words, words, words of the storyteller and his way.  My brother and I still did this sometimes, but it was always I who came asking and Atlatla who was silent or said nothing important when we went.  On the day 5 Pax 9 Manik, a day for planting seeds, I caught the fruits he dropped down and placed them in his carrying-basket.  There was nothing in particular in my head to speak of, and after a while I spoke of something our mother had mentioned:  
“Last year no women died in childbirth.  More than ten died in Xunich, but none here.  Everyone says this is because of the wise-woman herbalist and the priest, their magic is strong.”  
My brother ceased his rustling.  
“Little brother,” he said.  “Shut up about the priest.  You know nothing of the priest.”  
“Then tell me.”  
“You have a good place in the center of the village.  Stay there.  Don’t look off your path.”  
I heard from his voice that he would accept no more questions from me, he was closed once more.  He returned to fruit-picking, and I caught the fruits and put them into the basket. 
That evening I smoked many wads of tobacco in the storyteller’s hut.  I did not understand why my brother so disliked the priest, and it was clear he would never say.  Puksikal Tok did his duties as priest, he did not go out of his way to worry my family or my lineage.  When he returned from the mountains, I thought we would assist each other on our paths, we would be true brothers.  But all Atlatla wanted was to be alone in the jungle, alone with the trees, it was his anger he was close to, now.  Some of that anger had always been in him, even as a boy, and some came from our father’s fists, and some maybe from the priest’s path, somehow.  There seemed to be nothing else in my brother for me, nothing I said could find this new brother; staying away did not break him open nor did speaking to him, he closed me out until I was as far away as the dead.  
So much tobacco I smoked that K’aakik’ set aside his own bird-bone pipe and said, “There must be a woman.”  
My head was so filled with smoke that I did not have any sense left, I just said, “No one from my lineage comes to the storytellings.”  It was this other pain that revealed itself, the truths within me were beginning to run on twisting paths.  
“Grown men, coming to listen to children’s stories?”  
“My brother was a boy when he returned from the mountains.  Everyone was excited for his tree-climbing.  For storytelling, they say nothing.”  
He looked at me as if considering something, then he lowered his head a little.  “Your uncle visits sometimes when you are out, to ask how you are doing.  Perhaps we both thought the other was saying something.  You are doing well, Maxam.  You bring pride to this path.”  
Maybe I nodded a little at this compliment, I do not remember.  The strong tobacco suffocated my thoughts and took me away from all pains, all worries, all fears.  My brother did as he wished, and the Cab Coh men clucked over him and gave him their hearts, and I followed the path I had chosen and fought to become stronger in its ways.    

For my thirteenth year there were eight new stories to learn.  These were words about farmers, hunters, lineage-fathers and other paths.  I continued to tell stories of animals and plants, of monsters, and stories for children.  After my discussion with K’aakik’, when he pulled a little pain from my heart, he was more careful to speak to me when I was doing well and when I was not.  He also stopped smoking so much and visited the hut of his wife in the evenings, sometimes.  She still did not smile or bring tarts or other tasty foods when she came to cook for us, but she did say something about how I was becoming “a little meatier,” and she spoke with her husband less spitefully as well.  
My mother continued her own visits to the storyteller’s hut, bringing honey loaves and fruits and reminding us of holy day observations.  These also were the words of my mother:  of miscarriages and stillbirths, of who asked her for feathered things, of talk of spirits at the edges of the village.  Sometimes my mother would make comments about this girl or that one, she just mentioned these things to K’aakik’, who would laugh at the silly things young women do.  I did not take part in these conversations, it was not possible to think of marriage.  The curse of my lineage was a blade between me and the girls of the village.  I hardly saw them, and I did not notice any of them looking at me in a favorable way.  The young women I enjoyed were seen through masks, when I was no one, or someone else.  

On the day 3 Kumk’u 8 Chicchan a farmer named Waxak Mo’ saw Sak Chicchan in the northern sky, the great sky serpent was moving across the distant mountains.  Waxak Mo’ was alone in the orchard of his lineage-father that day, his sons were fishing when this occurred, and though he only mentioned this to his wife, soon all the village heard of this sighting.  Very rarely do the Chicchans allow themselves to be seen, and always this means rain.  Since Kumk’u is the driest time of the year, it was strange for someone to see a Chicchan, and everyone knew the farmer had been drinking too much cactus wine or smoking too much strong tobacco.  

When that year was coming to an end, my mother brought news to the storyteller’s hut, that the howler monkey clan was going to give the year-ending and new year’s feasts.  This is a great festival which lasts for fifteen days, and there is much preparation.  Because it was dry season and I was not working in the storyteller’s milpa, I burned my days in the orchards of my lineage, gathering fruits for this event.  There was maize brought out of our store-houses, and there were feathered trinkets made by my mother to bring bright color to the festival.  There are a hundred people in howler monkey clan, there are a hundred and fifty people in all, and the five lineages of the clan occupied themselves with readiness for all the month of Kumk’u. 
There was only one unhappiness among these preparations:  my father was not chosen to carve the idol of the year-bearer for the new year, and for this he was bitterly disappointed.  A craftsman of the lineage Chac Ceiba was chosen instead, and for the twenty days of Kumk’u this man fasted and lived in a hut specially made for the festival, where he did nothing but carve this one idol.  My father burned these days in the jungle, gathering wood for the earth-oven fires and making log-seats to sit on for the feasting.  
Because Te Ek’ of the howler monkey clan gave many sacrifices and paid the priest to bless the festivities in the proper way, no wicked spirits came to the ceremonies, there were no deaths or injuries or loathsome events. ah-Puch and his servants and children were forced to stay outside the village, though the lineage-shamans and the priest did place sacrificed turkeys and small bits of bloodied paper outside the acantuns so that the spirits could feast and watch the celebrations without loneliness.  
And this was the way of the fifteen days:  in the mornings there were games with blowguns and dart-throwers for men and boys, while the women walked loudly in their finest weaving.  Traders visited from Xunich and Chacwitz, they came with stacks of dried tobacco leaves and bundles of herbs and the well-tanned hides of rabbits and raccoons, margays and jaguarundis and pumas.  There was trading between the games, many blades and jewels and carved bones and shells went from hand to hand.  Later in the day there were dances, married men and women danced alone and with each other, and the unmarried men and women danced their own dances.  There are very good musicians in howler monkey clan, they made generous noise all through the days and into the nights.  When Father Sun was over the village the caçique spoke about the richness of the last harvest and the good trade between the three villages.  The lineage-fathers spoke, too, about things that were happening in the new year:  there were fresh milpas being burned and more raised fields being made on the river flat.  All the plans for the new year were shared, everyone knew what was being done.  
When the lineage fathers were finished speaking, howler monkey men brought out steaming meats and set them on the tables, and the women brought out fruits and drinks and treats.  There were tables heaped with roast deer and baked pheasant and snapping turtle tamales, there were platesof sweetsop and avacado and nance and passion fruits from the mountains. Coconuts were split open for their pulp, and their juice was poured into calabash cups for drinking.  Quails and turkeys were baked with tasty herbs, and many small dogs were roasted for the feast.  Howler monkey women served maize drinks and spiced maize drinks, there was cacao and vanilla, cacao and chilis, cacao and fruits, cacao alone. 
For the men and women there was cactus fruit liquor and bark wine, for the children there were many sweet fruit juices.  Here were large women to watch the treats, because children tried to take them all, and in truth there were so many kinds of fruit breads and honey breads, chocolate breads and puffy breads that I was nearly sickened on them all.  
In the evenings stories were told while the people devoured sweets.  K’aak’ik’ performed all of these tellings, the new year’s celebration is too important for a boy to dance in the circle.  These festival stories are very amusing, they are the only stories with silliness running through their words, and I watched and listened carefully because I wished to tell them well when my time came.  Then there was more drinking and pipe-puffing, endless cigars were rolled and lit, some clever people told jokes and riddles, and howler monkey women cleared away everything and made food for the next day. 
So went the new year’s festival, until the old village fire was extinguished and the new fire was kindled and planting began.  Many people said it was an exceptional celebration, and for these comments I was proud of my lineage and my place in howler monkey clan.  Because I was careful to speak to few people, and because I stayed with my own lineage, I was not sickened by ugly looks or words and nibbled through this festival with good pleasure.  

It was at the end of the celebrations, on the day 10 Pohp 1 Caban, that I heard my uncle speaking with my brother about marriage.  This was at the edge of the village center, after K’aakik’ had finished the story, “Mother Moon is Torn in Half, and Her Blood Creates Maize,” and I had stepped aside to think about his telling.  Atlatla and my uncle were near our lineage-compound, but their voices came to me with the breeze.  
“I won’t marry any of these women,” my brother said, and his voice was filled with disgust.  
“It is the mountain women you are thinking of?” my uncle said.  
“Perhaps I should return to the mountains,” my brother said.  “Everything is better there.”  
“If you do not decide on a wife soon, you will be called out, to move you along,” my uncle said.  “Four of the boys you were with in the river ceremony have married already.”  
To this my brother said nothing.  
“Maybe I should look for a good wife for you.  There are several young women who think you are handsome, I have heard.”  This seemed entertaining to my uncle, his voice was amused.  
“I will find my own wife.  From a lineage that does not think we are freaks.”  These words were truly darts, my brother flicked them at my uncle to injure him.  
Now it was my uncle who was heated, very rarely does heat come into his voice.  “It might be difficult to find a woman who will marry into our lineage, but there are a few who are bold.  If you wait too long even those will become nervous, there will be too many things talked about.”  
“I will find my own wife.”  Then the breeze changed, and I could not hear them any more.  
Because of these words, I thought about the young women before I fell asleep that evening.  It was the dances, truly there are women who move deliciously in the dances.  But these thoughts only brought sickness to my belly, the words of my uncle about finding bold women to marry into our lineage were strong in my head, and the gleeful looks of too many people secretly praying for Cab Coh misery, were in my heart.  And there was the bride service price, years of working for another lineage, and the many gifts as well.  I thought of K’aak’ik’ and his quarrels with his wife and their children who died.  I thought of the fierce beating my father gave Atlatla, because of his fears for our lineage and our family.  It seemed clear why some men thought a calling out was better than marriage, the weight of this bond is so great and the troubles that come with it, so many.  

On the day 16 Xul 3 Akbal of my thirteenth year a great tragedy happened in our village, there were many wrongful deaths.  This is what happened:  there were several days of gray skies over the northern mountains, and much lightning.  There is always rain in Xul, but it was unusual to see so much sky-fire.  The priest was consulting with the powerful men that day and did not do a divining, but his work-son Akbal Nik said the Chicchans were irritable, and there would be high water in the river.  Several men went out in their canoes, because high water brings many fish close to the surface to be speared, and the turtles move closer to shore and are easily caught.  This day was like any other for me, I worked with the storyteller in his milpa that morning and then returned to his hut to learn new stories.  
It was in the early afternoon when the flood came, no one knew it was on its way, there were no warnings or visions or dreams from our ancestors to tell anyone what was going to happen.  When K'aakik' and I first heard the water roaring we thought it was the great sheet-lightning that rumbles over the jungle and swamps and shakes the roof-beams.  
K'aakik' laughed and said, “The Chacs and Chicchans are having a great dance in the sky, today.”  And in truth his hut shook, wood dust and flecks of tobacco floated down in little clouds, and the masks jittered on the walls so that all the faces seemed to be speaking with each other.  
The roaring grew louder, it was a greater noise than I had ever heard, and K'aakik' stopped smiling and said, “Flood.”  So we went out of his hut and under the dark sky to see how fierce the water would be.  
And this is what happened, in the river:  the flood came all at once, there were no little waves beforehand to tell the danger but only a sudden gnashing of piled-up white water around the bend.  Three times the height of a man was this water, the white-mountain flood jumped onto the green river of my village and slid over it like a spider skimming across a pond.  At the front of this frothing were many destroyed trees and great stones which smashed together and made a loud crackling inside the roar of the water.  There were four canoes on the river, the men were paddling swiftly toward the shore, but the flood pounced on them and bit down on them with tree trunks and boulders.  Their canoes were destroyed, their bodies were destroyed and never found.  Then the flood smashed into the high bank to the north of our village, there was a clap of thunder as water and splinters and stones hurled high into the air.  
All this time K’aakik’ was pounding on my arm, he was shouting at me, but I could not hear him until he yelled into my ear:  
“On the roof!” He made a lift with his hands so that I could climb onto the roof of his hut, and then he went inside for something.  While he was within there was new roaring from the north, water was pouring over the banks.  Our lineage-compound is north, my mother was there, and I jumped down as K’aakik’ dragged out his sleeping bench to lift himself up.  Other people were doing this also, young men were helping their brothers and sisters get onto the roofs, everyone was running toward higher ground or climbing.  The hunters and farmers were in the jungle, they were not near to assist.  
“Stay here!” the storyteller shouted, and he grabbed me and forced me to climb onto the roof. 
“Your mother knows what to do,” he said, when he joined me.  And this was my heart:  I resented his hands forcing me to climb, and I was terrified for my mother.  Then there were cries from the west side of the village, the river side, and I looked to see a second monstrous thing.  The flood had pushed around our village and broke on the bank across the river, and the water and trees were forced back on themselves, and now the flood rolled over our raised fields.  All the hip-high maize plants were taken by the greedy river spirits, the squashes and beans and gourds were gobbled up.  I saw two farmers who were too slow running, buried alive and sucked away.  And now the water that had come over the northern banks rushed around the raised platform of my lineage-compound and through the center of the village.  Strong mothers planted themselves as their children clung to them and the water tried to drag them down.  All those houses that were not on platforms were knocked over or flooded.  
Because ah-Puch is vicious and delights in the misery of our people, his evil comes in threes, three times as much suffering to bring him pleasure.  There is a wallow to the north of our village, across the river, where ain the crocodile lives; I have mentioned this before.  And this is what the flood did: it picked up all those crocodiles and pulled them along, and they washed into our village, and they were enraged.  At first they were all to the north, they hissed and struck at trees and huts with their tails as the water smacked them around, and then they were in the village center, with people.  This is what I saw, it happened before my eyes:  a huge old crocodile rolled into the village, over and over, it could not right itself, and then it gained its strength and stopped near the hut of a craftsman, whose name I learned later was K’an Kin.  He had just helped his wife onto the roof of their hut, and that brave man kicked at the crocodile, he kicked its face, and it moved away from him with the waters.  Then it swung around its tail, and there was a thumping, and K’an Kin was broken and killed.  The crocodile was swept away, it fled after its murder, and the body of the craftsman floated away, too.  
All over the village this was happening, those people still in the water found angry crocodiles next to them, snapping and lashing.  I was crying out then, and K’aakik’ wrapped one arm around my middle and one hand over my face, and for this mercy I was not made crazed at the bloodletting. 

When the flood had passed all the raised fields were gone, half the food for the village was destroyed in one day.  Eleven huts were pulled down, thirty-nine canoes were destroyed, the turtle pens and fish-pens were gone, and the pens for turkeys were filled with drowned birds.  There were nine dead men in the village, and five dead women, and three dead children; seventeen was the number taken from our village by the flood.  Thirty more people, maybe fifty more people, were ripped open by ain and the splinters in the waters; their suffering lasted many months, and their bodies forever wore the wounds the flood gave them.  
No one in my lineage was injured, nor was the wife of K’aakik’; this was the only mercy shown on this day.  
On the next day, 17 Xul 4 Kan, those bodies that had been found were burned in the village center. I was one of those who helped build the pyres, two people from howler monkey clan were among the dead, and all of us placed a few branches and sticks for those in our clan.  The fires were poor ones because the wood was wet from rain, and the bodies did not cremate well, even with the priest’s prayers and those of the people.  The families of the dead called out to the spirits of their lost ones to return to the village, to go through the fires into the fifth world, but the priest in his divining said that several of the dead were captured by the river spirits, as slaves.  There was only a little weeping during the funeral-fires, so many people were broken, so much was destroyed. After the fires burned down the caçique spoke about clearing the trees and mud from the village, and rebuilding.  Then the priest spoke, he said a few words:     
“I have been to the north acantun, and it stands, and it is not damaged.  I have been to the south acantun, and it, too, is strong.  I have been to the west acantun, it is whole and safe.  And the east acantun was not reached by this flood.  
“We have been steady in our observation of the holy days, we have given the gods and the goddesses their due, and our village remains in their embrace.  This flood came from the northern city.  The spirits of the angry dead of that place used their magic to force Sac Chicchan to drop too much water.  Ah-Puch’s children rode the flood into our village, their lord had them ready for this day.  These servants of the night will be punished, they will be chastised.  But first, there is healing to be done.”  
And it is true that in the days after the flood, the priest and his work-son and the wise-woman herbalist and her work-daughters gave much for the village.  They opened their bundles and spread their pastes, they splinted and bound the broken arms and legs, they liquored the acantuns to thank our ancestors for keeping the flood from being worse.  The men of all the lineages cut up fallen trees and cleared mud and began rebuilding their raised fields and animal pens.  I too carried baskets of river muck, these went onto the milpas close to the village and onto the new raised fields on the river flat, and in a month our village was a place for people, and not turtles and fishes, once more.  But that was a hungry time, there was barely enough food in our storehouses.  The celebrations for the rest of that year were small, everyone’s belly was too tight for much dancing or good laughter.  
When the mud was gone from our village and the sickliest people were a little stronger, the priest and his work-son went to our ancient city, they took many bundles of sacrifices and incense.  For three days they were gone to that place, and when they returned they were grim and exhausted.  It was through my uncle that I heard that they had called upon the spirits of our ancestors to punish the spirits of the northern city people, to torment them for sending the flood and to encourage them not to do this again.  Sak Chicchan was not chastised, my uncle said, even though it was her rain that caused so much harm; she had shown herself to the farmer Waxak Mo’ to give a secret warning of what was being plotted against us, but no one had understood.  
A few days after the chastisement of the northern spirits, 18 Yaxkin 12 Chicchan was the day, many men took up spears and made a great killing among the crocodiles.  They went to the northern wallow wearing plain masks, so ah-Puch could not see their faces, and in that place they battled the teeth and tails and evil eyes.  Several men were bitten and slapped, in truth this was not an easy punishment they handed out, but no one was killed.  Afterward, the hides of the assassinated animals were given to the families of the flooded dead.  K’aakik’ was one of the spearmen; when he was a boy he wished to walk the crocodile hunter’s path, but his father forced him onto the storyteller’s path instead.  He wore the mask of Lord Snapping Turtle, who is the enemy of ain, and when he returned he burned many strips of paper soaked in crocodile blood.  That evening he set aside his pipe and did not smoke, and when the cloud rose from the fire in his hut, it was his frustrated desire to walk this other path that I saw smoldering in his eyes.  

This is what became of me after the flood:  my dreams became torn-up shadows of the world ah-Puch wanted to bring into being.  Huge crocodiles swam through our village in the moonless night, they crawled into huts to devour our women and children and smash our men.  The killer bat camazotz’ flew overhead, squealing and picking up dead bodies to suck dry and drop onto the rooftops.  Outside the acantuns the spirit-jaguar Tzak Balam stalked from tree to bush to boulder; because his fur was black I saw only his golden eyes and bloody muzzle and the shimmer of his endless pacing.  When I woke from these dreams I was weeping, my hands were fists because I could not strike these evil ones but only huddled behind the acantuns.  My mother saw how thin I was becoming and brought me treats, she could not bring much because of the hunger in the village, and I saw K’aakik’ watching me from the sides of his eyes.  I smoked powerful tobacco to smother these dreams, but even when I smoked myself sick and K’aakik’ had to take my pipe away the dreams were waiting, they were always clear.  It is true that after twenty days of such nightmares I was tired all the time, and my fingers twitched even when I was not using them.  The night lord camazotz’ was sucking the life from me, each day another drop of my essence was taken.  
On 19 Yaxk’in 13 Cimi I shook awake from one of these dreams, it was the growling of Tzak Balam I heard fading as I woke.  My veins were jumping, there was twitching in my arms and legs, my ancestors were sending me a message through their blood that flowed in me.  Lineage-shamans are taught the meaning of such blood-lightning; I had heard of it but did not know how to understand it.  I only knew that my ancestors had some matter with me.  
That night there was rain, no one was outside, and I put on my waist cloth to go out.  It was then that I saw my brother’s gift-sandals under my sleeping bench, the margay sandals I wore for festivals.  Because these came from Atlatla I put them on, it was a little of his oldest-brother strength I wanted during this time of headache dreams.  Then I went from the storyteller’s hut into my lineage-compound and knelt at the shrine of my ancestors.  The rain struck hard into my face, there were fierce winds, and I closed my eyes and prayed and sang our lineage-song.  This was not reciting for my brother but true singing, the words came from my heart even if my poor voice could not carry them well.  Before the bones of my elders I sang until the lightning in my veins ceased.  When I opened my eyes I saw that I was not alone in our lineage-compound, a small turtle had come into the courtyard, from the river.  It looked at me as I looked at it, and then it crawled toward the east, toward the ancient city.  
This is the way of the tortoise:  it gives protection, the essence of its hard shell wraps around those in need, when it so desires.  This was the message my ancestors wanted me to receive, here was the sign of my direction, and so I walked through the village to the start of the trail into the jungle.  In that place I braced myself against the wind for many heartbeats and stared into darkness.  In truth I did not wish to go outside the acantuns, not to the city or anywhere else.  The servants of ah-Puch were so many, I had seen their strength often, the darkness hid many terrible things.  But the sign from my ancestors seemed clear, and I stepped onto the path and went east.  
My journey was swift this time, my feet knew the way, and I was not such a small boy any more.  Because of the rain there were no spiderwebs and no bats.  Mother Moon was strong behind the clouds, even in the storm there was enough light that I did not much stumble.  At the standing stone I halted on the watered paving and named myself, and then I went on.  When I walked on the road before in the rain I slid on the stones, but the words of my father were true, my margay sandals were created for moving on stones, and this time I did not slip.  When I was halfway to the city, two thirds of the way, I felt a little blood lightning in my left leg, the veins in my thigh jumped, and I looked north.  An old trail was there, it was one more animal trail like four hundred others, like four thousand others.  It was on to this that I stepped and began to walk.  
Because of the wind I heard nothing but branches striking each other, fronds and sticks swished and rattled and creaked and cracked.  There was no light on that trail, it was narrow and torn by roots and black under the leafy trees and shrubs.  It was only because I understood my ancestors to be with me that I went on it at all.  
It was three hundred steps I counted, staggering and tumbling and sweating, before I came to an overgrown lineage-compound.  That had been a large lineage, twenty huts faced the courtyard under the open sky.  In the storm-light all the doorways were dark, and empty.  I climbed onto the platform and went toward the center of that place, moving around trees and watching the doorways.  The roofs of most of the huts had fallen, some of the frames were filled with saplings, others were only heaps.  I did not know if the bones of the people were within, if the families had been murdered in their own homes by the lords of the night in the last moments of the city. Their skulls might be there still, in the doorways peering out at me, and only the wind hid their whispering.  These thoughts made me stop, for a long time I stayed hunched down where I was.  Only when Mother Moon shone a little did I move again, into the center of that place.  
There I discovered a broken lineage shrine.  Its form was a stepped platform as high as a man and made of stone blocks, but tree roots had broken it apart, and the bones of many people were open to the sky.  I seized my brother’s charm-pouch and squeezed the green iik-stone, I could not understand why my ancestors directed me to such a dangerous place.  Though I whispered many prayers, there was no guidance from them.  I had to make my own path.  
Here was the action that moved me:  I went closer to the leaves and bones that filled the cracks in the shrine.  I touched nothing, just placed my feet carefully and only looked.  There were jewels there, jade beads and gold bracelets, tiny bits of gold for earrings, pieces of obsidian chipped in shimmering ways.  And there were a great number of wet and glistening bones:  ribs and backbones and long, smooth bones from arms and legs.  Twice I looked into the hollow eyes of skulls, but it was sorrow I felt for them and not fear.  Those elders should rest peacefully but were abused and humiliated by the jungle.  
My ancestors gave me no further signs, so I just followed what was in my heart.  With a stick I moved the bones back into their hollow resting-places, it was not difficult to push them back where they belonged.  For half the night I did this work.  The leaves I flicked away, the tree roots I ignored and placed stones where they fit best.  It was poor building that I did, my hands are not clever at such things, but when I was finished all the bones were covered and not naked.  When I was done reburying those ancient ones I hurried back to the village and to the warmth of the red coals in the storyteller’s hut.  After this the evil dreams ceased, my ancestors gave me relief from suffering, for doing this work for them.  

On 7 Mol 8 Ix the young woman Oxtun Na died in childbirth.  Her infant was born dead, it was two murders in one day, ah-Puch surely declared a celebration in the underworld.  The woman’s family burned her body, and her baby with her, and the priest in his divining declared that both were taken to the garden of the gods.  It was one small victory for our village in my thirteenth year, the rest of that time was lived under the shadow of the night.
The Night of Spirits

This is a story of the time before Father Sun had finished the creation, when the paths of things were not yet laid down.  Our ancestors were here in the fourth world, but they had not yet learned everything they needed to know to live well.  In those days even the gods and the goddesses had not all arrived in the fifth world yet.  Only Father Sun was there, and Mother Moon.  Only their oldest children were there; there were no grandchild gods, no grandchild goddesses.  ah-/ix-Camanitanga, the Lord of Time, had not even finished laying down the path of seasons, and in this world there was only endless growing time and no rainy season for the world to lie fallow.  
And here is ix-K'an-nohol-na, She of the Yellow House of the South, the goddess who came to Father Sun's creation from a place she did not name.  This was her way, to always look into hollows, to always peek into closed places, to always smell strange flowers and chew on new plants.  That is why her tongue was so often green, why her clothing was so often spotted with leaves and bits of moss, why her hair was so often tangled with sticks.  Every day she walked along the great rivers and into the jungles of the fifth world.  She walked across the burning fire mountains, and the mountains of frozen water.  Through the passes and across the hills she went, over the branches of great trees and over the surface of rivers.  In all those places she paused to see the things of the fifth world.  She watched the children of ix-Oolimb, Lady Insect, fly and crawl and eat each other.  She found the leaves that ix-Xotat, Lady White Bat, broke down to make sleeping places.  She met the children of ix-Umna, Lady Bird, and spoke with them of things that were happening in the fifth world.  
But ix-K'an-nohol-na did not simply walk and watch and talk.  In secret clearings she grew the xivs, those special plants strong in healing power.  She had brought them with her from the south when she came to the garden of the gods.  Every day she spoke to those herbs.  She touched their leaves and saw that they did not hunger or thirst.  Sometimes she took their bark, or their berries, or their roots, to dry and grind up.  No one saw her do those things.  She always did them in the jungle, in the mountains.  Then she took the powder back to the palace of her husband ah-Polot, Lord Ponder, where she kept it in pouches in case someone became ill.  

There was a day when ix-K'an-nohol-na walked very far from the garden of the gods.  She was looking for the place where ix-Chel, Lady Rainbow, lived, and she climbed many mountains and crossed many rivers in her search.  In the morning, she gathered leaves and bark from her children and put them in Father Sun's light to dry.  Later she returned to her secret places to grind the dried pieces into dust.  So it was that she was carrying nine pouches of powder when she returned to the garden of the gods, at the end of that day.  
The garden was shadowed, then.  Father Sun was coming down to rest for the night, and his light shone slanted through the trees.  All the garden was filled with shadowed places and dust spirits dancing in the last light.  In the day, ah-Balam, Lord Jaguar, liked to sit in the trees of that place, but when ix-K'an-nohol-na came there, he was already gone.  She did not see one animal, not one bird in the garden.  There was only her, alone.  
It was then that she felt a strange wind.  There was a puff of cold, a gust of cold air that touched her and was gone.  That was wind from the watery sinkholes, warning that spirits were near.  But she just kept going.  She just wanted to return to her husband before Father Sun came down for the night.  She was walking through the garden when she heard a sound from one of the darkening groves.  It was a snapping sound she had never heard before, and it was loud in that quiet place.  
"Oh," she said, "Perhaps one of the animal lords is doing something interesting.  There is still a little time before the world is dark."  So she went to the grove to see who it was.  But there was no animal lord.  There was only a pile of bones, only a skeleton of a man resting on its back on a mossy log.  The dried skin was stretched over that old skeleton, and the eyes were still in its head.  It was breaking apart a man's leg bone with its hands.  That spirit had just killed one of our ancestors, to take his bones.  Such was the snapping noise ix-K'an-nohol-na heard.  Pieces of the breaking bone were falling to the ground.  
"I thought I knew everyone in the fifth world," said ix-K'an-nohol-na.  "But I have never seen your face."  
"You are never here at the proper time," said the spirit.  
"Are you only here at the end of the day?" she said.  
"This is the finest moment, when the day is dying and the night is not yet born.  Who knows what may be seen, when Father Sun's light is weakest?"  
"Are you a watcher, then?" she said.  In those days, many gods and goddesses watched for wicked ah-Puch and his servants.  They had not yet been sealed out of the fifth world.  
"I am only waiting," said the spirit, and it twisted and broke our ancestor's leg.  Splinters fell onto the moss.  "I am waiting for you, ix-K'an-nohol-na."  
"Oh?" she said.    
"I have brought a gift for you," said the spirit.  
ix-K'an-nohol-na looked, but she saw nothing.  
"It is a gift of knowledge I bring," said the spirit.  It slid off the log and stood before her.  Before she could move, it began to whistle.  That skeleton began to dance the Shadow Dance.  All around that grove it moved, always in the shadows, always away from the light.  
"You dance like a live man," said ix-K'an-nohol-na.  She just said that to flatter the spirit.  In truth she thought that old skeleton was funny, swaying and dancing as it did.  "But I cannot stay to watch.  I am returning to my husband."  
"You do not want my gift?" said the bones.  
"If you can return tomorrow, you can show me how this dance ends," she said.  
"I can show you that now," said the spirit, and it seized her.  It just grabbed her and pulled her close.  It began to crush her arms and her legs, until her bones creaked.  It just leered at her.  
"You are leaving with me, but not as you are," it said.  "Your bones are too whole.  They need to be splintered to be beautiful."  Now the skeleton squeezed her very hard, and ix-K'an-nohol-na's bones popped.  She tried to slip away, but she could not.  She could only reach to her k'ub, her skirt, and the pouches that hung there.  She opened one of the pouches, and the scent of eremuil, the wild coffee plant, came out.  The skeleton coughed when it smelled that scent.  
"What is that disgusting stink?" it said, and it tried to knock the pouch out of her hands.  But ix-K'an-nohol-na sprinkled some of that powder onto the spirit, and it pushed her away.  It just flung her across that grove.  
"What thanks is this?" said the spirit.  "Here I am trying to give you a gift, and you burn me with poison."  
"This is no poison," she said.  "That is a healing plant.  You must be a wicked spirit.  Go from this place, or I will throw this powder on you."  
That was how ah-Kaachikba'ak, the lord of the night whose name is Bone Snapper, was defeated.  He turned into a stinking wind and blew back to his master, ah-Puch.  He didn't want to be burned by eremuil.  When he was gone, ix-K'an-nohol-na rubbed herself with the dust until the pains in her bones went away.  
 "Well," she said.  "No one told me about that nasty spirit.  What was it doing here, anyway?  Maybe I should grow some wild coffee in this place, to keep that spirit away."  So she threw seeds from eremuil all around the garden of the gods.  Some of those seeds fell down to our world and took root, and that is why we find them here today.  

"Hmm," a voice said, as she finished planting.  "What is this you are doing?  I do not know these seeds."  
"Who is speaking?" said ix-K'an-nohol-na, for she could not see anyone.  
"Oh, it is only me," said the voice, and ix-K'an-nohol-na saw someone in the branches of a tree.  It looked like ah-Bobilche, Lord Margay Cat.  
"ah-Bobilche?" said ix-K'an-nohol-na.  "I thought you would be hunting, now that Father Sun is coming down."  
"No, I am not ah-Bobilche.  But I know him, and those like him."  
Now ix-K'an-nohol-na looked more closely.  "Are you one of his children?  I do not remember your voice."  
"We do not know each other.  That is why I have come here, to meet you.  But tell me, can you see me, over there?  Will you not step closer, so we may see each other's face?"  
ix-K'an-nohol-na stepped toward the spirit and saw small ears standing up and a small tail twitching.  She saw little paws brushing a face, and long teeth.  
She said, "Will you not come out of the shadows, so that I may see your face?"  
The spirit stepped a little closer and lay down and purred.  
"Now you are teasing," she said.  "You say you are not ah-Bobilche, but you are much like him.  Will you show me your beautiful spots?"  
"Ah," said the spirit.  "You flatter me, young goddess.  But it is I who has come such a long way to visit you, and I must rest.  Come over here, and you can see my spots."  
ix-K'an-nohol-na stepped toward the spirit, and her teeth suddenly hurt.  They ached as though she had bitten a stone.  And now ix-K'an-nohol-na smelled something strange.  It was the smell of dead animals, of rotting meat.  That smell was very strong.  She reached to her k'ub and opened one of the pouches that hung there.  
"Come, now," said the spirit.  "Won't you show me how friendly you are?  Or are you just going to sniff smelly herbs all evening?"  He crawled down the branch toward her, purring.  His claws scraped loudly on the bark.  
"Truly, I want to see your lovely fur," said ix-K'an-nohol-na.  "But my teeth are aching and complaining.  I will just cure them, first."  She opened that pouch and took out a pinch of dust from ixubal, the Spanish Elder, and put it in her mouth.  
The spirit hissed, and his tail stiffened.  He lay his ears back and scratched the branch with his claws.  "What stink is this you take out, in front of my face?  Don't you know how sensitive my nose is?"  
"ah-Bobilche likes the scent of herbs," said ix-K'an-nohol-na.  "How is it that you do not?"  She sucked on that dust, and the pain in her teeth went away.  
But the spirit did not answer.  He just stood up and clawed at her.  He just slashed at her face.  But he could not come close enough to tear her skin.  The scent of ixubal held him back.  
"Wicked little thing!" said ix-K'an-nohol-na.  "Who are you, to be so ugly?"  Now she stepped near the spirit, and he leaped away from her.  But she finally saw his face.  His skin clung so close that she could see his bones.  And his eyes were not blue like ah-Bobilche.  They were yellow, like ah-Vidaz, Lord Fer-de-Lance.  There was blood on his fur, blood on his whiskers.  There was blood on his fangs.  That was why he stank of death.  He did not clean himself.  
"Now do you know me?" said the spirit.  Suddenly he grew as large as ah-Balam, and his teeth became great, curved fangs.  His yellow eyes burned with hunger, and he breathed stinking breath that made her choke.  
"I have heard your name," she said.  "You are ah-K'iik'ts'a'ay, that lord of the night who is called Bloody Fang.  This is not your place.  Leave our garden!"  
The spirit did not leave.  It only jumped over her and clawed at her from behind.  It only tore her k'ub and cut her leg.  
"Vicious thing!" she said.  "Now I know why the gods and goddesses say you are hateful.  Here is your reward!"  She flung a pinch of v'axirti right on him, and it burned the spirit's face and whiskers.  Its ears were burned, and its back.  ah-K'iik'ts'a'ay roared and ran away from her, but it could not see.  It smacked into trees and brained itself.  It staggered in circles, drooling.  
"What a wretched spirit you are!" said ix-K'an-nohol-na.  She threw another pinch of dust, and Bloody Fang leaped away.  He turned into a foul wind and rushed back to ah-Puch's palace to hide and to heal.  
When that spirit was gone, ix-K'an-nohol-na walked around the garden of the gods, burying pieces of the root v'axivti.  "We'll see if he comes back here again.  Everywhere he walks, he will smell this herb.  Let him stay in the darkness, then."  Those were her words.  

That was not a night of peace for ix-K'an-nohol-na.  She was not going to be allowed to just enjoy that evening.  Not ten breaths passed before she was visited by another spirit.  She was walking under great qetupati, the balché tree, when she saw someone sitting high up in its branches.  He was sipping sour bark-water from a gourd and belching.  
"Ho, ix-K'an-nohol-na!" he called down to her.  "What sort of gardener are you, who plants so late in the day?"  
ix-K'an-nohol-na looked up and said, "Are you another spirit who wants to break my bones and cut my skin?  Is this a night for all wicked spirits to gather here in the garden?"  
The spirit only laughed.  He perched on a branch like a lazy man, with his legs crossed and one hand behind his head.  In his other hand, he held a gourd full of balché.  "This is a night for greetings and for looking upon the faces of those one does not know," he said.  "Truly, I only wanted to see you, and to bring you a gift."  
"What is this?" said ix-K'an-nohol-na.  She could not see what was in that gourd.    
"Climb right up, and I will show you this wondrous honey, this exciting juice of the bark," said the spirit.  
"I am not ix-Cabcoh, Lady Kinkajou, to be climbing trees," she said.  "I will speak with you from here on the ground."  
"Ah, I know your fear," the spirit said.  "Already this evening you have met two visitors, and you are growing tired.  But it is only a greeting I have for you, and something to sip and enjoy.  That is how you will know me."  
"Can you not come down and show me what is in your gourd?" she said.   
"There are amazing things to be seen from up here," said the spirit.  "Have you looked upon the garden from such a high place?"  
Well, ix-K'an-nohol-na had never climbed that tree before, and she did not know what might be seen from up there.  So she grasped the branches and climbed up next to the spirit.  She just used a little magic to help herself up.  From that place she could see across the garden of the gods.  All the bright flowers, all the ponds and vines and streams were below her.  The wind moved her hair and touched her face, and the trees rubbed together like the creaking bones of old people.  Far away were the fire mountains and the frozen water mountains, high above everything else.  
"Now do you see why I would not come down?" said the spirit.  He handed her the gourd he had been holding.  "And here is the gift I promised you."  
ix-K'an-nohol-na did not take the gourd right away.  She just looked at that strange spirit.  He was tall and very thin, with a fat and rounded belly.  His skin was grey, and his eyes were circled with darkness.  There were only wisps of hair on his head.  
"You see how beautiful this world is?" he said.  "You have only to sip, and it will grow even more beautiful."  He drank from the gourd and again handed it to her.  
ix-K'an-nohol-na smelled the strange drink, but she did not know what it was.  She took the gourd and sipped, and her mouth puckered.  "Bitter!" she said.  
"Only for a short time," he said.  "It becomes much better."  
ix-K'an-nohol-na took another sip, and a third.  Her throat was warmed, and her belly.  The bitter taste went away.  The yellow and orange flowers below her seemed to glow, and the last light from Father Sun seemed to burn in the air.  "Oh!" she said, and she sipped again.  Now the far mountains seemed much closer, and the creaking of the trees sounded far away.  
"Take a great drink, and see what happens," the spirit said.  
ix-K'an-nohol-na took a great drink, and all the colors of the garden blurred together.  Her head began to buzz.  The stuff in that gourd wasn't clean.  It was polluted, it was just poisoned.  
"Something is wrong," she said.  "I can hardly see anything, and my head aches."  
"Drink another large drink, and it will stop hurting."  
ix-K'an-nohol drank a very large drink, and the ache in her head went away.  Now all she could see were tiny lights that moved like Kitu, the firefly.  "What is this drink?" she said.  
"It is called balché," said the spirit.  "I am he who discovered this pleasure, this fire."  
ix-K'an-nohol-na sat there for a time, humming.  Then her head began to ache again.  Flames gnawed at the inside of her skull.  She began to wobble on her branch.  
She said, "I think I am too high above the ground.  I should go down."  
"No, no, you only have to take another drink."  
ix-K'an-nohol-na pushed the gourd away.  "Each time the ache is worse," she said.  "If I take another drink, I might fall."  
"I will catch you.  One more drink, and then you will see as I see."  
But she just reached to her belt and opened a pouch.  
"You do not need that," said the spirit.  "You can use that later."  Again he offered her the gourd.  But ix-K'an-nohol-na opened the pouch and let out the scent of cruxi, the cross vine.  She took a pinch of its dust and sniffed it and rubbed it on her face and her neck.  She did not have any water to put it in, but the herb cooled her skin.  It cooled the fires in her head.  
"Does your head ache also?" she asked the spirit, and she offered him a pinch of dust.  But he did not thank her.  He only said, "Disgusting!"  He just jumped into his gourd and disappeared.  ix-K'an-nohol-na caught that gourd and looked into it, but there was nothing inside.  All the drink was gone, and so was the spirit.  He had turned into a putrid wind and gone back to ah-Puch.  That was how ix-K'an-nohol-na defeated ah-Puch'ikho'ol, the lord of the night who is named means Skull Breaker.  
"That wasn't good balché," said ix-K'an-nohol-na.  "I don't think he should be around here, giving that stuff to everyone."  So she climbed down and planted seeds of cruxi in the garden of the gods, to keep Skull Breaker far away.  As she scattered those seeds, Father Sun's last light disappeared, and there were only shadows in the garden.  

It was when ix-K'an-nohol-na had finished planting that a new voice spoke to her.  
"You did not like my brother's gift?" said the voice, from behind her.  
ix-K'an-nohol-na turned and saw a bloody spirit.  He looked like a short, squat man with mossy hair and milky eyes.  His skin was covered with running sores.  He dripped pus.  
"Who are you?" she said.  She knew he was another trickster spirit.  She just wanted to hear him speak for himself.  
He said, "I am only someone who has come to meet you, and to sing you a song."  He cleared his throat and began to screech.  
"Ugh!" said ix-K'an-nohol-na.  She opened a pouch and took a pinch of dust of x'axivab, the cancer herb.  
"Wait!" the spirit said.  
"This will heal your sores," she said, and she blew that dust on him.  But his wounds were not healed.  His sores only bled more.  
He called out, "Ow, ow, hey!" and hopped in circles.  He clawed and dug at his skin.  
ix-K'an-nohol-na took another pinch of powder, but that spirit did not stay.  He became a reeking cloud and fled that place.  So it was that ah-Kak, the lord of the night who makes pus wounds, was overcome.  It is cancer herb which drives away running sores.  

Now ix-K'an-nohol-na was angered.  "I will tell Father Sun that all these crazed spirits are wandering our garden," she said.  "He will put an end to this."  She began to walk quickly toward the palace of ah-Polot, tossing out seeds of x'axivab, the cancer herb, as she went.  That was to keep away ah-Kak and his servants.  
She passed by a pond where S'su, the cricket, should have been singing.  Odfu, the metalstreak butterfly, should have been resting on the stones for the night.  But none of ix-Oolimb's children were there.  There was not one insect, not one bird.  There was no sound at all.  
ix-K'an-nohol-na called out, "S'su?  Odfu?"  She only wanted to return to her husband, but she had to stop.  S'su was supposed to watch for ah-Puch and his wicked servants, and it was not good that he was not there.  
Then she saw something strange.  All around the pond, ix-Kanact's children were dying.  Culibriek, the catclaw, was yellow and wilted.  Apaxivab, the basil, was stiff and black.  B'koxivab, the lemon grass, had dried up.  Even the leaves of nicapati, the bamboo stalk, were withered.  ix-K'an-nohol-na looked in the water, but there was nothing there.  She looked into the dark sky, but there was nothing there, either.  
"Is someone here?" she said, but no one answered her.  She felt a cool breeze on her neck.  She felt dew settle on her.  Her throat and her nose and her eyes burned.  She coughed, and she choked, and her eyes filled with tears.  There was laughter, then, an old woman's laughing.  
"Do you like this night air?" that voice said.  "Is it not sweet?  Does it not tickle your throat?"  
"Who are you?" ix-K'an-nohol-na said.  She looked all around her and saw two eyes floating above the pond.  There was no face, no body.  There was no skin, no cheeks, nothing.  There were only two eyes, shining in the air.  
"I am only a wise old one, come here to talk with you."  
ix-K'an-nohol-na coughed.  "I am going to my palace," she said.  "Come with me, wise old voice, and we will talk."  
"Of course," said that voice.  "Let us go."  
But ix-K'an-nohol-na could not walk.  She was weak from the poison dew.  She could only choke, and drool a little.  
"There is nothing wrong, is there?" said that old voice.  "I think your skin is turning yellow."  
ix-K'an-nohol-na tried to call to her husband, but she could not make any sound.  She could hardly breathe.  It was the poisoned air, blowing on her skin and making her sick.  Around her, ix-Kanact's children fell apart.  All the plants dried up and turned to dust.  
ix-K'an-nohol-na reached to her pouches and opened one up.  It was full of the powder of tzibche, the tzibche herb.  She took a pinch of the dust and flicked it into the air above the pond.  The old woman's voice shrieked and cursed.  
"Your loathsome powder burns my eyes!" the old voice said.  "Next time we meet, you will not be so fortunate.  Next time, it is you who will be dried and turned to dust."  
The eyes closed and disappeared.  That spirit transformed into a rancid wind and went back to ah-Puch.  So ix-K'anye'eb, the lord of the night whose name is Yellow Mist, was defeated.  

After Yellow Mist ran away, ix-K'an-nohol-na went to the pond and washed her face.  She rubbed tzibche dust on her skin, and the poison of the yellow mist was taken away.  Then she planted many tzibche seeds in the garden of the gods, to keep ix-K'anye'eb out of there.  
It was when she was planting the seeds that a drum started pounding.  It was a tunkul, a dancing drum, and someone pounded it very fast.  
"Oh, no," said ix-K'an-nohol-na.  "That must be another crazed spirit, come to make me sickly and weak.  Where are all the watchers, tonight?"  She turned away from that sound and walked toward the palace she shared with ah-Polot.  Far away was a tiny light from the hearth-fire of her home.  She could see it there, in the distance.  Already she felt warmed.  
"Where are you going, ix-K'an-nohol-na?" said a small voice, above her head.  That was ix-Xotat, Lady White Bat, who was hunting ix-Oolimb's children for dinner.  
"I am going home," said ix-K'an-nohol-na.   
ix-Xotat said, "Don't you hear that drum?  Don't you think you should see who it is, before they bring trouble?"  
"Surely all the gods and goddesses can hear that drum," she said.  "If there was trouble, wouldn't Father Sun come and end it?"  
"If he has not sent someone by now, he must want you to see what is happening," said ix-Xotat.  "But you don't have to go alone.  I will go with you.  There might be some juicy insects stirred up by all that noise."  She let go of the leaf where she hung and flew over ix-K'an-nohol-na's head.  
So ix-K'an-nohol-na went through the trees until she found the drummer.  That spirit looked like a tall, plump man with skin of shining black, like obsidian.  He sat on a great log and held the tunkul drum between his knees, and his hands moved like the wings of ah-Atlatsipti, Lord Hummingbird.  His face was hidden in darkness.  Around him danced three pale spirits, with backracks of dark green feathers.  They looked like people, but their faces were shadowed and gray.  They held their hands over their heads and turned in circles.  They laughed and sighed.  
The spirit looked up from his drum, and ix-K'an-nohol-na saw his red eyes.  He said, "Won't you join the circle?  Won't you dance with these other dancers?"  
"Do your eyes hurt?" she said to him.  "I have some powder that might help."  
He said, "No powder will help these tired, old eyes.  Come and join the dance, and do not worry for me.  I will rest later."  
ix-K'an-nohol-na looked at that circle.  There were just the four of them, drumming and dancing and laughing.  
"Maybe for a short time," she said, and the drummer nodded his head.  The pale dancers opened their circle for her and let her into the middle.  Then they closed around her and brushed her with their fingertips.  
"Oh, your fingers are cold!" she said, and they laughed.  
"We have come over the mountains of frozen water," they said.  "Our hands are still cold.  Dance, and your heat will warm all of us!"  
Then the drummer started to chant, and all of the dancers turned in circles and stepped from side to side.  ix-K'an-nohol-na had never heard such music before, had never seen such a strange drummer.  She turned, and she swayed, and she stamped her feet into the black soil of the garden.  It was the Spirit Dance she did, and the Drum Dance.  
"Now we feel your heat," those other dancers said.  They stepped close to her and touched her arms, her legs.  Their cold fingertips stroked her skin.  She could not see their faces, but she heard their voices chanting.  She felt the drum beats pound like her own heart.  Faster and faster the drummer beat his tunkul, and the other dancers circled closer and closer to ix-K'an-nohol-na.  
All at once the drum-thunder ceased.  All the dancers looked upward and stopped, with their hands in the air.  Even ix-K'an-nohol-na stopped moving.  Then the pale dancers lowered their gazes and looked at the ground.  They did not look at ix-K'an-nohol-na.  They just stood with their arms out toward each other and swayed back and forth.  
The drummer thumped his kunkul slowly.  That was the music of the dead, the music of burning bodies and departing souls.  The drummer looked at ix-K'an-nohol-na, and he smiled at her with teeth like needles.  The other dancers smiled, too, and all of them had long, sharp fangs.  That was when she understood her danger.  
The dancers said, "Do not stop now, ix-K'an-nohol-na!  We have come from so far away to dance with you.  Let us end this the proper way."  Those were their words.  Their cold fingers tapped her stomach and her back.  Their cold touch froze her.  She could not run away.  She could not leave the circle.  She could only dance in place.  
"Oh, truly, strong drummer, this is the music of grief," said ix-K'an-nohol-na.  "Won't you play the music of joy a little longer?"  
But the drummer only tapped his drum.  He lowered his head and chanted death-prayers.  
ix-K'an-nohol-na reached to her k'ub and found that her pouches were gone.  They had been taken by the other dancers, pulled off by their clever fingers.  Fear squeezed her heart, but she just twisted her body and shuffled her feet.  She did not want to stop dancing.  She did not want to know how the dance ended.  The drumming slowed, and the chanting slowed, and ix-K'an-nohol-na hardly moved.  All the strength went out of her arms, out of her legs.  She could hardly breathe.  
The three pale dancers opened their mouths and leaned toward her.  They were going to bite her and take her heat.  
That was when ix-Xotat flew down from her place in the treetops.  That was when she landed in ix-K'an-nohol-na's hair.  
"Jump, now," ix-Xotat said.  "Jump away in any direction.  Trust my luck."  
ix-K'an-nohol-na jumped out of the circle of dancers, and their grasping hands did not find her.  Their strong fingers could not squeeze her arms or her legs.  Their fangs did not find her skin.  She leaped away from them and fell over a log, and there were all of her pouches, right where the dancers had tossed them.  
"That is all I can do for you," said ix-Xotat.  "Now it is you who must do something."  She let go of ix-K'an-nohol-na's hair and flew into the sky.  
"Thank you!" said ix-K'an-nohol-na.  She picked up one of her pouches and opened it.  A terrible stink came out, for that was the powder of payche, the skunk root.  The fear that had made her heart heavy left her, and strength came back to her arms and her legs.  
The pale dancers reached for her, over the log, and she blew the powder into their faces.  They howled and cursed her name.  Then they twirled in a strange circle and disappeared.  ix-K'an-nohol-na stepped over that log and looked at the drummer.  Now she could see his true face.  It was the face of ah-Camazotz, the lord of the night who is Killer Bat.  
"This is not your place," she said.  
"Ah, ix-K'an-nohol-na, you have not walked this world long enough to know me.  There are no places I cannot visit, no person who has not heard my music and danced my dance of devouring, some time.  Tonight you did not finish my song, but you are young.  There is time for you to learn its ending."  He picked up his tunkul drum and turned into a sour wind and left that place.  That was how ah-Camazotz was defeated by ix-K'an-nohol-na.  He just ran back to his master before she could drive him away with her herbs.  

"That is one more spirit I will keep away from here," said ix-K'an-nohol-na, and she planted skunk root in the garden of the gods.  When she finished, all of Father Sun's glow was gone from the world, and there was only the cool night.  She found the path to her husband's palace and began walking that way once more.  
She had not gone twenty steps when an animal leaped in front of her and stopped her on the path.  It was a large animal, like ah-Coh, Lord Puma, and its fur was black.  Only its golden eyes were clear in the darkness.  
"Quick!" said that spirit, with its very deep voice.  " 'Bring me the little sun!  Bear it on the palm of your hand to my plate.  A green jaguar is seated over it to drink its blood.' "  
"What?" said ix-K'an-nohol-na.  Truly she was astounded to hear a spirit speak riddles.  
"That is not the answer," the spirit said.  It swept out with its claws and tore the pouches away from ix-K'an-nohol-na's k'ub.  It just cut them right off and took them away from her.  Then it ran off the path and out of her sight.  
"I am through with you crazed spirits!" said ix-K'an-nohol-na.  She did not chase after that spirit.  She ran past it, toward her home.  
"If you do not like that riddle, try this one," said a soft voice, in front of her.  That voice just made her stop, right there on the trail.  
" 'Bring me a very beautiful woman with a white k'ub,' " said the soft voice.  " 'I greatly desire her.  I will cast down her skirt before me.' "  
"What foolish spirits show themselves here, only a hundred steps from my palace?" said ix-K'an-nohol-na.  
"Only playful spirits," said Deep Voice.  
"Only riddling spirits," said Soft Voice.  "Can you answer our riddles?  Are you as clever as people say?"  
"These are child's riddles," said ix-K'an-nohol-na.  "You, Deep Voiced Spirit, you want a fried egg, with a green pepper perched on the yolk.  And you, Soft Voiced Spirit, you want a white hen to pluck.  Now, I have a question for you."  
"Surely," said Deep Voice.  
"Of course," said Soft Voice.  
"What is it you spirits want, that you keep coming to me all this long night?"  
"That is not a riddle," said Deep Voice.  "But we will answer anyway, since you answered ours."  
"We wish only to see you, and to meet you," said Soft Voice.  "All the gods and goddesses talk about the beautiful goddess from the south.  Everyone talks about she who made ah-Polot fall off his pondering rock."  
"Well, you can meet me in our palace," said ix-K'an-nohol-na.  
"No!" said Deep Voice.  "We want to show you something amazing, something fit for a goddess.  It is not far from here."  
"I know everything around this place," she said.  "I have seen all the amazing things here."  
"Not this thing," said Deep Voice, and it laughed an ugly, growling laugh.  
Now ix-K'an-nohol-na felt ah-Tamu, Lord Army Ant, walking over her feet.  She had stepped right onto his road.  There he was, with twenty thousand of his children, looking up at her.  
"Why are you out in the garden so late, ix-K'an-nohol-na?" he said.  "This is an unlucky night.  There are wicked spirits about."  
"Yes, and two of them are close," she said.  "They have not yet crossed your path, but they will come for me soon, I think."  
"Mmm, very bad," said ah-Tamu.  "We must chase them out of here."  
"They have taken my herb pouches," she said.  "Would your warriors return them to me?"  
"Oh, this is a simple thing," said ah-Tamu.  "You just keep talking to those spirits."  He hurried off the path and disappeared, with all his children.  
"ix-K'an-nohol-na?" said Soft Voice.  "Are you ready to come with us?"  
"I have fallen and hurt my knees," she said.  "I have to rub healing powder on the wounds."  She just said that to keep those spirits away while ah-Tamu searched for her pouches.    
"I don't smell any powders," said Deep Voice.  "I think you are up to some trick.  We will have to come over there and bring you along."  In the trees behind ix-K'an-nohol-na, something large moved.  It shook the leaves and made nuts rain down.  That was Deep Voice.  ix-K'an-nohol-na could not see that spirit, in the darkness.  But she could hear it coming.  
Then something else moved, ahead of her.  It splashed on the ground and made drooling noises.  
"You do not want to come over here," said ix-K'an-nohol-na.  "There are thorns along this path.  You will be cut and stabbed."  In truth there were no thorns.  That was another trick.  
"Then you will have to come to us," said Soft Voice.  "You will be pleased when you see what we have to show you."  
"I don't know which way to go," she said.  "I hear one ahead and one behind.  Which way is the path I need to walk?"  
"This way," said Deep Voice.  
ix-K'an-nohol-na walked very slowly and said, "How can you find your way, in this darkness?"  
"Just keep walking," they said.  
Then she heard the claws of Deep Voice in the branches over her head.  There was a strange sound behind her, and she turned and saw something glistening on the path.  It was like a puddle of water that flowed over the ground.  It shimmered and quivered toward her.  That was how those spirits were going to defeat her.  One was going to pounce, one was going to smother.  
There was a sharp sting on ix-K'an-nohol-na's foot, and she looked down and saw ah-Tamu's warriors carrying her pouches above their heads.  She reached down and took her herbs.  
"Drive them away for good, or they will only come back again," ah-Tamu said.  Then he and his warriors walked away on their road.  
"What are you doing?" said Deep Voice.  "Are your knees still sore?  You won't have to worry about that, when you see what I have to show you."  
ix-K'an-nohol-na opened her pouches but did not know which powder to throw at that spirit.  
"Wait!" Deep Voice shouted, right over her head.  She looked up and saw him crouching there, snarling.  She saw his golden eyes, and she could not move.  She could not lift her feet or raise her arms.  That was the power of his gaze, to paralyze people.  Then he could kill them easily.  
But ix-K'an-nohol-na's pouches were already open, and the scents of the powdered xivs came out.  It was the smell of yaktunich, the pheasant tail, which made that spirit sneeze.  It was that herb which made him fall from his branch and hit the ground.  Then ix-K'an-nohol-na was not paralyzed any more.  She threw pheasant tail powder on the spirit, and he cursed and wailed.  The herb burned his eyes and his nose, and he changed into a rank wind and blew all the way back to ah-Puch.  That was how ah-Tsaypachtik, he who is called Stalker, was defeated.  It is yaktunich which cures paralysis and drives off Stalker.  
But that spirit was not there alone.  ix-K'an-nohol-na heard squishing behind her, and something wet wrapped around her throat.  It was like a vine, like a rope, and it squeezed her neck.  She fell to the ground and dropped her pouches.  That spirit slid over her and covered her and sucked at her skin.  It sucked at her arms, her legs, her face.  It tried to suck out her eyes.  That spirit really had her.  It was really going to win.  
Then she found one of her pouches and poured out the dust.  That was the dust of the most powerful of herbs, xaaxcomoche, the green stick.  She threw that dust everywhere, in the air and on the spirit and on herself.  The spirit shrieked and slid off her and slithered away.  It became a fetid wind and twisted down to ah-Puch.  That was how ix-K'an-nohol-na defeated ix-Ha'ich, the lord of the night called Watery Eye, who brings death by drowning and suffocation.  Only xaaxcomoche can drive that powerful spirit away.  After those two spirits were defeated, she planted seeds of yaktunich and xaaxcomoche in the garden of the gods.  Those plants would keep the lords of the night away.  

Then ix-K'an-nohol-na took her pouches of dust and ran from that place.  She had met enough strange spirits for one day.   But they were still not satisfied.  She ran ten steps, and something hit her in the back.  It was not big or heavy, but it stung her and would not let go.  ix-K'an-nohol-na did not try to find out what that thing was.  She was very close to her palace now, and she was not stopping for any more spirits.  She went ten more steps and became dizzy.  Her legs began to shake, and she could not run.  She tried to call out to ah-Polot, but she could not raise her voice.  
"Well, this is certainly strange," said a loud voice.  ix-K'an-nohol-na saw ah-Batz', Lord Spider Monkey, hanging from a branch by his tail.  "There is a spirit on your back, sucking your blood.  How will you get it off, before it defeats you?"  
"Won't you take it off, ah-Batz'?" she said.  She could only whisper.  
"It is not my place to fight spirits," said he.  "I only give warnings."  He looked at the spirit again and said, "Mmm, it is growing fat with your blood."  
"You know," ix-K'an-nohol-na said, "I have seen where uilcanti, the sweet fig, grows.  I can tell you where, if you will only do a small thing for me."  
"I cannot fight spirits," said ah-Batz'.  "That is not the place Father Sun has given me."  
"I would never ask you to act against Father Sun's wishes," said she.  "I only have an itch, where I cannot reach.  Won't you sprinkle some powder for me?  Won't you cure that itch?"  
So ah-Batz' took the last pouch of powder from ix-K'an-nohol-na and poured it on that spirit.  He dumped the whole pouch right on its face.  That was how ah-Ts'u'uts'k'iik, the lord of the night named Blood Sucker, was defeated.  It just fell off her and transformed into a rotten wind.  It was the powder from ixanal, the anal, which drove it away.  
ah-Batz' swung up into the treetops.  "Oh," he said.  "I am on watch tonight, so I should tell you to be careful.  There are many wicked spirits about."  He winked at her.  "I will come back tomorrow, and you can tell me about these fruits."  Then he went away into the darkness.    

ix-K'an-nohol-na said, "All these spirits are wicked and hateful.  None of them should ever come here again."  She planted more seeds in the garden of the gods, to drive away Blood Sucker and those like him.  She had planted the seeds of all the nine most powerful medicinal plants, and from that time the nine lords of the night could no longer enter the garden of the gods.  Some of those seeds fell down into this world, and our ancestors discovered the xivs for themselves.  In dreams ix-K'an-nohol-na and ah-Itzamna, Lord Medicine, taught our ancestors to use those herbs, and with them we can drive away the lords of the night and the sicknesses they bring.  
Ripening
At the start of my fourteenth year there was a change on the storyteller’s path, K’aakik’ did not tell me what I would learn for the next year but only suggested.  It was the evening of 0 Yax 2 Manik when we had this discussion, because Manik days are good for planting seeds.  We were smoking smooth tobacco and talking about the storyteller’s path.  
“There are no new stories you can learn and start telling right away, this year,” K’aakik’ said.  “All the stories that remain are about the gods and goddesses and our ancestors.”  
“Which ones will I learn, then?” I said.  By this time I knew the names of all one hundred stories, I had heard them all told and knew the proper days of their telling.  
“There are the seating stories,” said K’aakik’.  Those are the tales told on the first day of each month, to welcome the lord of time for that month and honor his or her path.  
“Eighteen stories in one year?” I said.  
“Perhaps nine this year and nine next year, so you can begin telling them when you are a man.”  
“Well, very good,” I said.  In truth I was confused by his words, I was not certain what he wanted, or if he was testing me in some way.  We had never before discussed my learning in this way, it was always K’aakik’ who told me what would happen, and I followed his wisdom.  
“Now, you cannot learn the seating stories like the ones you have learned already, that are told alone,” he said, and he looked straight at my eyes to see that I was listening.  “These are also told one at a time, but in your head you must know how they fit together.  You must know which gods and goddesses are married, and how they met, and how their stories go together.  You must know which stories happened at the beginning of the world and which occurred later and be able to tell them that way.  These stories must live in your head like people live in the village, and you must hear them with your heart like the voices of your own family.”  
“Why doesn’t the priest tell these stories?  It is his path to know the gods and the goddesses.”  
He looked at me as though I was foolish, he rolled his eyes upward and said,  “Telling stories is the storyteller’s path.”  
Now I was annoyed, it was with a little heat that I said, “It isn’t sensible for the lives of the gods and the goddesses to be split up this way, the priest should be responsible for these stories.”  
K’aakik’ considered this.  “Once the priest was responsible for the sacred stories, those of the hero twins and the lords of the underworld.  The people took those stories away from the priests and gave them to us after the cities fell, after the priests were disgraced for turning to ah-Puch.  So now we have all the stories, and people don’t trust them to come from the priests.  Or maybe it’s because so many babies around here have the priest’s face, and they don’t want to see him in the story circle, too.”  
It was a smirk he wore when saying this, stupid jokes were the way of the storyteller when he had too much to smoke.  But his other comments were amazing, no one had ever said anything before about the priest losing the stories.  The tales of the twins are children’s stories now, they are no longer sacred, and new stories have taken their place in the story circle.  
“I have not heard anyone in the village speak disrespectfully of the priest,” I said.  “It is his strength I hear praised.”  
K’aakik’ smiled a little.  “You are young,” he said.  “There is much to learn, yet.”  
That was only further irritation, so I said nothing more.  Three days later, on 3 Yax 5 Oc, he began to teach me the seating stories of the lords of time and to show me how they fitted together.  

Around 16 Yax 5 Akbal four people died in our village, a family was devoured by the spirit Kazap-ik.  The father grew sickly first, then his wife, and then their two children were savaged.  Their skin turned yellow and broke open and leaked blood and pus, they began to vomit blood and suffered fierce pain in their heads.  The Sak Um lineage-father had his herbalist daughter look after these people, for days he did not call for the priest or the wise-woman.  When he finally did bring them to assist, his people were too sick, and in two more days they were all dead.  The priest in his divining said that the souls of the children were in the garden of the gods, but the souls of the parents were captured by Kazap-ik and taken to ah-Puch as slaves.  It was because the Sak Um lineage-father gave that spirit so many days to work that it was so successful.  On 17 Yax 6 Kan the bodies were burned in their lineage-compound, and the priest performed a ceremony to drive Kazap-ik from the village.  After this many lineage-fathers called upon the priest and the wise-woman to bless their families with protection, and many sacrifices were given to ah-Itzamna and ix-Chel and ah-K'awil, so there would be no more attacks by this spirit.  

Half of my fourteenth year passed.  The last mud and broken trees from the flood were cleared away, the crushed and fallen huts were rebuilt and dedicated, and the storyteller’s milpa was harvested and then burned clear, and planted again.  The stories I learned were lengthy and carefully made, and they were accompanied by complicated dances and many changes of masks.  In addition, I was in the storyteller’s circle often, there were now many stories that were my place to tell.  Once my father complained about K’aak’ik’ stuffing too many words into my head, but I said that he did not beat me as the storyteller’s father had done to him, and my father did not go to the storyteller with his thoughts.  It was in this year that I truly stepped onto the storyteller’s path, my first stories of gods and goddesses demanded great attention, and K’aak’ik’ wove them very carefully into my head.  And between the words were his explanations of who each story person was and why they did as they did; we talked, and he taught, and we talked a little more.  These were stories that could only be told by men, in teaching them to me K’aakik’ was unravelling the boy in me and beginning the creation of the man.  
It is true that because of all the burdens that rested on me my vision became dim, and though I knew through my mother that my brother was arguing with my father and uncle about choosing a wife, I knew little of his affairs and could not be concerned for him.  

On 8 Wo 7 Ahau Atlatla was humiliated before howler monkey clan, he was called out and caned before its members.  It was my oldest uncle who informed me of this, he came on the evening of 7 Wo 6 Cauac.  He said his courtesies to K’aakik’ and then said to me, 
“Something has happened, your brother misspoke to Te Ek’.  Tomorrow morning he will be caned in the Chac Ceiba compound.  All of howler monkey will be there.  Wear your festival sandals and good tunic, and be ready to be very strong.”  When he said this he did not seem troubled, his voice was not regretful even though this was Atlatla we were discussing, and I looked at his face until he said, “Have you been smoking?” 
“I hear,” I said.  And this is what I learned about my uncle, then, this was the price of his position:  he could not feel pity for any one person, not even the oldest son of our lineage.  When something terrible happened, he could only do what had to be done, he could only make arrangements and awaken to the new day.  
My uncle left the storyteller’s hut, and I cleaned my margay sandals and made certain my good tunic was clean.  There were no thoughts in my head at all, it was only my hands moving.  
“Wear your cuffs, also,” K’aakik’ said.  Those were feather cuffs my mother gave me for my fourteenth birthday, they were of hummingbird feathers and bore the sign of Cab Coh lineage.  
“He didn’t say to wear them.”  
“They will give you strength,” he said.  “I have been to canings.”  
I saw that there were things he wanted to say, but he was not of my clan and so said only those few words.  I took out the cuffs and made certain they would be tight, there would be no laughter at things falling away.  
That night I slept very poorly.  Te Ek’ is not only the lineage-father for howler monkey clan, he is a marriage-arranger as well, one who has learned the signs for bringing people together.  No one had to tell me what had happened with my brother.  Te Ek’ had heard that Atlatla was not seeking a wife, and he came to suggest some names and some meetings, and my brother said something rude, and foolish.  My uncle had to suffer my brother’s ways, but Te Ek’ did not. 
Very early the next morning my uncle came for me, and I was ready.  There was one extra thing I had done before his visit:  I drove a cactus spine many times through my cuffs, so that my blood soaked the hummingbird feathers, flowing essence turned the green and yellow and blue to wet red. My uncle saw the drops sliding down my fingers and falling to the floor.  
“I said I would teach you the deeper meanings of the holy days when you are a man, but I see you may be ready.  Who are you nourishing?”  
“ah-K’awil, lord of lineages.”  
“I will consult with our ancestors about your instruction,” he said.  He lifted up a fine woven cloth he had been carrying, it was white with orange itz-tears.  “This is for your brother’s back, afterward.”  He dropped it onto my shoulder so it would not be bloodied in my grasp; this wrap grew heavier as I followed my uncle out under the first sliver of Father Sun’s gaze.  
In our lineage-compound all the Cab Coh men and women were ready except for Atlatla, who was held by the Chac Ceiba lineage.  This was so he would not take herbs to dull the pain, he was being starved a day, for the beating to be more felt.  My little lineage lined up, women and men, and we walked to Chac Ceiba.  All of us were dressed in small fineries of bright cotton and feathers, it was Atlatla alone who would be wretched in front of everyone.  My uncle was not so peaceful now, there were lines around his mouth, and he did not look well-slept.  This was true also for my mother and father; the masks of their faces did not fully hide their grief for my brother.  Their pain crushed against me, I had to look at the dirt until my uncle came and lifted my chin and looked at me sternly.  After that I thought of the storyteller’s circle, and I dreamed of painting my face white, and when we came to Chac Ceiba I was no one, the people of howler monkey could look somewhere else for painful amusement.  
And this was what was in Chac Ceiba courtyard:  one hundred and twenty-five people, standing and waiting.  Their eyes were on us, the seven people of Cab Coh lineage, the weight of all those stares was like a flood, trying to knock me under.  The holes in my wrists began to burn from all the looks and whispers, my father had to push me so I would walk forward. Father Sun was just risen when we arrived and stood at our places; no one sits at a caning.  In Xunich people laugh during canings, I have heard, but that is not the way in the village on the river.  No one laughs out loud, even though many approve of this punishment for difficult people.  
Near the center of the lineage-compound, next to the large Chac Ceiba lineage-shrine, two poles came out of the ground.  Ropes hung from these, and a thin cane rested against one.  Black words were painted onto this stick, it was my brother’s transgression that was recorded in writing, for the gods and goddesses and our ancestors to read each time the cane was raised.  I was careful to look straight ahead at the poles and the cane in a way that I hoped was strong.  The blood was still running from my wrists, I had made many jabs, I was not playing at prayers for my brother.  
When Father Sun rose a little more, Te Ek’ of Chac Ceiba came out of his hut.  He stepped from the doorway and drew himself up in the way of powerful men and walked to the caning poles.  The clan father for all of howler monkey was a silvered man of great heat, he had passed through his middle years and gained wisdom, and though he was not large or heavy there was weight in his walk that made everyone see him even if he said nothing.  He was like my uncle but much stronger in this way, it was not possible to even glance at Te Ek’ without seeing that he carried many burdens for his lineage and clan.  When he spoke he looked into the eyes of people, from one to the next; unmarried women were seen, even children, all howler monkey people were given their places, in his vision.  
“In the beginning,” Te Ek’ said, “the first people in this world were not properly respectful to the gods and the goddesses.  They were not fully ripened, they did not completely understand what was expected of them.  They made mistakes.  Father Sun grew angry and wished to destroy our ancestors and make new people, but the other gods and goddesses wanted only a lesson made, wanted to instruct our ancestors and allow them to try again.  There was a great discussion in the palace of Father Sun, and in the end he sent the dwarf K’oxol to cane the troubled people and then show them the proper way to act.”  
Now two Chac Ceiba men, thirteen-generation men like Cab Coh, brought my brother out of one of the Chac Ceiba houses.  They were on either side of him, but he walked on his own.  This was the face of my brother:  he looked very tired and did not raise his eyes to the people but only watched the ground in front of him.  None of his anger was on his face, it was hidden away again, but I could see it in his chest when he put his feet down and in his belly when his feet lifted to step forward.  There was only a waist-wrap of clattering reeds on him, he did not even have sandals; he was as wretched as the first people before they learned to weave cotton and prepare skins.  Atlatla and the Chac Ceiba men walked across the plaza, and my brother placed his hands on top of the poles and allowed the men to tie his wrists to the timbers.  Now his back was to us, this is how canings are done in howler monkey clan.  
My mother made a small sound, she was trying not to weep, and my father touched his fingertips to her back.  It was a great surprise when he put his other hand on my shoulder, he patted me and gave me a little comfort in this way.  
This is what I was thinking:  my brother already did not enjoy his life in the village.  After this he would never be seen, he would be in the jungle before Father Sun rose and would return only when night was coming.  How would he find a wife now?  It would be an assigned marriage, there would only be pain and tears for any young woman given to my angry brother.  
Te Ek’ walked to the poles and spoke again, as one of the two men picked up the cane.  
“And here is what ah-K’oxol did, he came from the garden of the gods down to this world and caned the disrespectful people.  He did this to ensure that they were listening, that he had their attention.  For he knew Father Sun has no love for those who do not give respect where it is due, and it was better a caning than the banishment Father Sun was planning for them.  
“Atlatla of Cab Coh has wandered from this very old path, he has forgotten the teachings of K’oxol and said disrespectful things to his lineage-father.  Today his attention will be regained, so that he may remember himself and come back to the proper path.”  
Then Te Ek’ stepped aside, and the Chac Ceiba man raised and brought down the cane, and it made a sharp cracking sound across Atlatla’s back, and the first stripe appeared.  And it is true that the sound of the cane brought sorrow to my heart.  My brother was not stupid, he knew he could not be disrespectful, and yet there he was bound to the poles, and the cane rose again and fell, and this time his skin broke and my brother’s blood flowed.  He would not speak to me of his anger toward the priest and the powerful men, he would not reveal this thorn to his family to be pulled, and so I just said prayers for him.  It was to ah-K’awil and ah-K’oxol that I begged, I asked that these gods intervene for him, that they bring peace to his heart. And the cane rose and fell, and it rose and fell, and my brother’s back became a mat of flowing blood.  The Chac Ceiba man was not gentle with the cane, it fell hard every time.  No one could say there was favor shown to Cab Coh. 
Thirteen was the number of times the cane came down, thirteen stripes ran across my brother.  Through all of this he stood firm, his hands clasped the poles and he did not cry out or even grunt.  Then the caning was over, Te Ek’ completed this matter:   
“This is how it was done in the beginning, this opens the path to the embrace of howler monkey.  Go home to your people, Atlatla Cab Coh, and remember who you are.”  
When Te Ek’ was finished with this correction, my father and older uncle untied Atlatla and stood him between them.  His face showed weariness and sorrow but none of the anger he held so strongly, his eyes saw only the ground.  He could not walk for himself, even with help he stepped slowly and with uncertainty.  It was not the fierceness of the caning that had worn him, I think, thirteen lashes are not so many; it was the misery of the shame he brought to our family with his stubbornness.  My oldest uncle went to speak with Te Ek’, and the Chac Ceiba men took the cane to be burned.  When Atlatla was brought past me I reached up and tugged the white itz-wrap off my shoulder, my red essence smeared across the white cotton, and when I put this across my brother’s back, his own blood soaked through.  We of Cab Coh were the first to leave the Chac Ceiba courtyard, howler monkey clan stood where they were and judged us as we moved.  And I knew the troubles were not over for Atlatla, this weeping of itz-tears would be his way so long as he carried worms in his heart.  

Here is how it was after Atlatla was punished:  the looks of the people were disguised no longer, even men stared at me with open disgust.  There were no more false smiles, no more masks, it was only narrowed eyes and disrespect on the faces.  Even howler monkey people did not nod when I passed by, anymore.  Cab Coh lineage stood alone.  Canings are supposed to strip away anger and bring difficult people back into the village, but instead I think Atlatla’s lashing sealed people against us.  Fear of our lineage-curse and disgust at my brother’s disrespect brought many hearts into eclipse. Walking against the contempt of hundreds of faces is the same as being cut with many small knives, it is not possible to attend one’s duties and to raise one’s hands against everyone, at the same time.  The storyteller’s hut was where I hid myself against these looks, I smoked tobacco and more tobacco from the end of the dead bird’s leg.  Long thin serpents of grey smoke rose from this alleviation of misery, poison came out of me and climbed the ceiling of the storyteller’s hut and slithered out the smoke hole into the rain.  My fingers became blackened and sticky; in the long days after Atlatla’s beating I was often spin-headed and sick.  
My brother was weak for several days, and after that he went into the jungle and made it his home.  Much sweet fruit came into our lineage-compound, each evening was received with a great mound of ripe tree-food and sometimes dripping honey-comb.  All through the year there is one fruit ripe, or another, always there is something that can be gathered for lineage or village, and so my brother did as I did and hid himself on his path.  No one saw him in the mornings, even my father who always rises early never saw my brother going among the trees and vines.  Atlatla and our oldest uncle spoke sometimes in the evenings, my mother said, but this was always in my uncle’s hut, and she did not know what they were planning.  
Since my brother was a man now, he and my father and our uncles began building a new hut for him in our lineage-compound, even though he was not yet married.  The timbers were harvested under Mother Moon’s full face, the wood is best when she raises its sap in this way, and I assisted in gathering thatch for the roof and weaving it into place.  My hands are not clever at making things, and after a few times breaking the thatch spines or punching holes in the roof with my knees my father grew very irritable with me, and it was only carrying and handing-up that I did.  Then there was mud to be mixed with reeds and built up into walls, and the doorway had to be carved and pegged together, and there were frames to be made for the windows and put into place.  
There is a great amount of work to building a hut, many afternoons burned this way, and there were blessings that my uncle had to perform that required us to stop working sometimes and wait for the proper holy day.  There were sacrifices of turkeys and liquor and tobacco, tiny stone carvings and copal incense were sacrificed to bless the house and invite our ancestors into the new place.  In the mornings I worked with K’aakik’, weeding and tending the storyteller’s milpa, and then I helped build my brother’s hut, and then I learned stories.  My mother came to visit more often, she worried about how much I was working, but I cannot remember even one word of what she said.  Everything was lost in smoke, everything was lost in a swirl of many responsibilities.  My oldest uncle said some things to me when I was mixing mud and reeds, and though I think I nodded and said pleasantries, his words too were carried away.  
During these hazy days after Atlatla’s caning I noticed many babies in the arms of their mothers, at the storytellings.  It was their noises that made me see them, and I remembered my mother saying that there was a great sprouting after the flood.  I was not happy for the poor babies, they were born into a time of hardship because the flood had destroyed many fields and storehouses.  There they were in front of me, suckling and making contented sounds, but ah-Puch would strangle many of them, they would die with spirit-fingers ripping their bellies.  It was my path that gave me strength, it was because I had words to say and masks to change and dances to perform that I could bear to stand in the circle and see all those little ones, when I knew what was coming for them.  

On the day 4 Sip 8 Chuen traders came from the mountains.  The people of my village needed food because the flood had destroyed much of ours, we prayed for plentiful fish and turtles and deer, but there was no extra bounty from river or jungle.  Nor was there food from anywhere else; many raised fields in Xunich were destroyed by the same flood, and Chacwitz is a small village with no extra maize to trade.  It was hides the traders brought, cacomistle and raccoon, and carved stones. Many bitter comments were made about eating stones, there is nothing to repeat except the hardness of that time.  In their sympathy the traders did not bargain fiercely and were generous with gossip and amusing dances.  
There was a surprise at the storyteller’s hut, an unexpected gift came for me on this day when the lords of the night are strong.  It was brought by the same trader who had carried gifts back and forth from my family and my brother when he lived in the mountains, Wak Butz was his name.  For a trader this man was quiet and thoughtful, he never said more than had to be said and did not linger when a thing was finished.  He was coming into his years of strength, and though his eyes stayed hard on a person’s face as do the eyes of all traders, his voice was very pleasant to hear.  
“You are the storytellers?” Wak Butz said to us, when he came by the storyteller’s hut.  
“I am,” said K’aakik’.  “My work-son, Maxam.”  
Wak Butz nodded and handed me a small bundle made from the feathers of the harpy eagle, the great jungle bird that some people call the jaguar of the sky.  Since I was presented as just a work-son he could not say anything to me, and so to K’aakik’ he said, 
“The storyteller of our village sends this for the brother of the one who came to Chacwitz, who I guess is your work-son.  Her name is Tijun.  She asked me to wait until this day to hand this gift over.  She says ‘it is a ray of light coming over dark mountains, even black stone is made golden under Father Sun’s face’.  Do not ask me what that means.”  
K’aakik’ took two pouches of good chilis from among his things, always he had bundles of this and that for gifts, and he presented them to the trader. I had no clever words for him in return, I had never heard anything about the mountain storyteller.  
Wak Butz and K’aakik’ said their pleasantries, and the trader departed. 
“Well, let’s see what it is, that has to be given on this particular day,” K’aakik’ said, and I opened the feather-bundle and slid my fingers within. There was an odor on the bundle, it was the flowery scent of a young woman, more delicate than the scents of the women of my own village.  I fished around until my fingers found a small, smooth thing that I drew out. 
And this is what was in that bundle: a small plate from the underside of a turtle, it was the diamond-shaped plate that protects the turtle’s throat. Orange was the color of this plate, red was its edges, red faded into the orange like a setting sun.  It was my mother I thought of, then, her colorful featherwork and this woman-smell, it was my mother when I was a small child and did not have to stand on my own so much.  Here were the two faces of that plate, it was carved on both sides:  the world tree was on one side, its lines and curves were etched into the shell in thin, white lines that were very graceful; and on the other side were picture-words, it was a little bit of green magic someone had written for me:
This is the wooden shield
This is the stone shield
This is the feather shield
This is the flowery shield
For Maxam Cab Coh
The fer-de-lance cannot sting you
The crocodile cannot smash you
The jaguar cannot tear you
The nine lords cannot see you

Against these evils you walk unseen
The strangeness of the gift made me stupid, I mouthed these words when I slid my fingers over the pictures, and K’aakik’ said with surprise, “Someone taught you the old words.”  It was not a good way for his voice, he was taking a secret from me and keeping it, my anger at my own foolishness made me forget the gift between my fingers.  
“I learned a little of the old knowledge, from my uncle,” I lied, and we looked at each other over this secret, it was between us, now.  I could not see if he was angry or confused, maybe he knew I had learned from my brother.  I did not want things this way between K’aakik’ and myself, and I looked down and opened my charm-pouch and slid this new thing into it. “I do not know why this person sent this, but it seems like a clean gift,” I said.  It was the beauty of the lines that made me say this, I think, it was the sureness of the etched words.  
K’aakik’ said nothing, and because I could not look into his face I left him and went to assist my father and brother and uncles in building Atlatla’s new hut.  

In the month of Sek, when the new maize plants were as high as a man’s knee and did not need so much care, there were many meetings in the mat house.  Several lineages wanted to move across the river and begin farming, they wanted additional fields on high ground, above flood waters.  K’aakik’ went to some of these meetings and said a few words to me about them.  Most lineage-fathers said they did not want the village split up into this-side/that-side lineages, they convinced the caçique to say no to the lineage-fathers who wanted to go there.  But the priest in his divining said that Father Sun smiled on new fields, and ah-K’awil wanted more food so that all the lineages would grow.    
“All that arguing gives me a headache,” K’aakik’ said one evening, as we smoked.  
“Why is there arguing, if the gods have already spoken for new fields?” 
K’aakik’ blew his smoke toward the hole in the ceiling.  “The lands over there are rich.  All the lineage-fathers want to farm across the river, but everyone knows only the most powerful lineages would receive the lands.  So, the weaker lineage-fathers try to stop the stronger ones from going.  That way the strongest will not get stronger.”  
I did not ask anything more about this matter.  ah-Puch could destroy a lineage with a single spirit of illness, he could destroy an entire village with a simple flood, he could destroy our ancestors in their cities with a few spells. There was no way for any lineage to become ‘too strong’.  It was their own little fears that made some lineage-fathers curl up and become small, even as ah-Puch stood over all of us in his might. 
As a result of the mat house meetings, it was decided that many lineages would begin to make milpas on the western side of the river, but no one would move there, no new lineage-compounds would be made.  It was the words of the priest that created this decision, the gods spoke through him and said what they wanted, and the caçique and the powerful men decided how to best carry out their will.  This was the path that Father Sun laid before our ancestors in the beginning days, it was the way of our fathers in the days of jade and cacao, only cooperation between powerful men would drive back ah-Puch and keep our village in the light.  

On the evening of 14 Xul 2 Cimi I ate dinner with my brother and parents, this was the first time since the caning that I sat down with my family and not the storyteller.  Atlatla and my father were not speaking, this had become their way, it was only when I asked my brother questions about treeclimbing or when my mother said that my father was carving a set of drinking cups for this-or-that family that there was anything said.  My brother did not look strong.  His eyes were reddened, and he was thin.  He had cut his long hair to be very short; this is a sign of disgust, but when I asked him about it, he said he did it because his hair tangled in twigs as he climbed trees.  My father grunted, and Atlatla stopped looking his way at all, as we ate.  
“Your brother and father are going to the Chac Ceiba compound in a few days, to discuss a young woman Te Ek’ knows,” my mother said.  My brother became still for a moment, and then he continued eating.  He showed no anger, he showed no fear from his caning.  Probably Te Ek’ would simply assign a young woman to my brother, someone who wanted to marry a thirteen-generation lineage and have cacao to drink and jade for her neck; the lineage-fathers had had their discussion, and it would be done.  It was not uncommon for young men to marry in this way.  
“She must be a bold woman,” was all I said, and my mother smiled at my small joke, but my father and brother did not.  
After the dinner I went into our lineage-courtyard to walk around a little.  My uncle was standing at our lineage-shrine making sacrifices of honey and incense and a few drops of his own blood, to observe the holy day 2 Cimi.  When he saw me he said, 
“Our ancestors approve of my teaching you the portents for the holy days.  The ceremonies and divining must wait until you are a man, but for now I can teach you a little more.”  
It was then that I almost told him of the blood-lightning I had felt, during the night when I went to do the work of our ancestors and place the forgotten bones back in their shrine, but I could not tell him that I had gone into the jungle in such a way.  That was very difficult, not many people feel this crackling in their veins, and he should have been told of it.  But I did not think I could lie to him, if I told him of the movements in my blood I had to tell him of re-burying the bones and that I went to our ancestral places without consulting him.  It was wiser to say nothing than to harden my uncle against me.  
So I said, “When do I start?”    
“Let us start in three days, on 5 Muluc,” said my uncle.  “Come in the evening, after you are finished on the storyteller’s path.  This will not be difficult for you, I think.”  
“I will remember,” I said, and three evenings later I went to my uncle’s hut and ate with him and his wife.  There was a little vanilla-cacao; though the village suffered from the flood my aunt still had a small amount of this saved, and there was a cup for me and a tall vase for my uncle.  After our dinner my uncle and I went into our lineage-courtyard, and in front of our ancestors’ shrine he taught me the first of the holy day portents.  As my brother had done, as K’aakik’ did, he taught me and then had me repeat what I learned.  So it was that over the next twenty days I learned a little more knowledge of the holy days and became a more valuable person to my family and my lineage and my clan.  

The building of my brother’s hut took much longer than most huts are allowed to take, because my uncle insisted on performing all the ceremonies properly and very carefully.  Nothing weak was allowed, no crossed thatch was put into place but only straight, no curved beams were set even if they were strong, mud with too much reed was combed out and made proper.  For most lineages building a new hut is exciting, it means marriage and growth, but for my brother these things were not certain.  Atlatla and my father and uncle met with Te Ek’ concerning a young woman to marry, but when the men returned from the meeting their faces were ugly and set.  My brother had found some way to be respectful to Te Ek’ but not marry, he had said something that allowed him to complete his hut with no wife in sight. On this matter my uncle and father said nothing, even my mother did not know what my brother had said, and Atlatla of course did not tell me anything.  It was another form of insult to our clan-father; even if my brother’s words were sweet, the empty hut being raised was not good for howler monkey clan.  I was very thankful that I had the storyteller’s path, there was no other path where I could stay so well hidden in full sight of everyone, the evil eyes and spiteful words of people would have made me crazed if I did not have such a position.  
On the evening of 6 Mol 8 Etz’nab I was working with my brother on his hut, we were fitting frames for the windows when he said a few words to me about another matter.  No one else was there, he asked me earlier that day to come back and work alone with him, and because this was unusual I agreed to set aside my learning stories with K’aakik’ and work on the hut.  For a long time we worked, until Father Sun had descended from this world to harass ah-Puch in the underworld.  I was outside his hut and Atlatla was within, scraping the edges of a frame to fit it in perfectly.  With his face hidden this way he said, 
“Our mother is often unhappy.  You see this.”  
For many beats of my heart I was still.  Only his blade made sounds, as he shaved away bits of wood.  Finally he said, 
“Are you asleep, or stupid?”  
“I hear you.  You know the words I sent you, when you lived in Chacwitz.” 
His knife scraped the frame for a while, and he pulled it into place, and then he pulled it out again to whittle on it.  
“In the mountains, our mother’s lineage is not powerful.  Their voice is not strong, but they are bitter.  They raise words with the powerful women of Chacwitz sometimes, about their stolen daughter.  Their lineage suffers for losing such a fine feather-worker.”  
“She had to marry someone, they would have lost her anyway,” I said. His words made me suddenly weary.  Here was only more of my brother’s bitterness towards powerful people, there was nothing new to say.  
“Listen!” he said, and he thrust the wood so that it whacked me.  “Our father brought our mother here with lies.  He did not ask permission for her, he ran away with her.  He did this for himself.  He did it for Cab Coh.  Our lineage tricked her when he got her here, they were very good to her and blew smoke in her eyes.  This was our grandparents.  When she realized that her life here would be so difficult, she was already pregnant.  Do you see?” 
“No,” I said.  And I did not understand him, he was too strange, this had all happened before I was even born.  
“You are like talking to a stone!  I know they sent you something.  The powerful women sent a gift, through the traders.”    
I said nothing.    
“Whatever it was, burn it.  Make the hottest fire you can, and burn it. The gift will be pretty; I spoke about you in Chacwitz, they know what to send.  A charm, or a talisman.  Burn it to ash and give it to the winds.  It is cursed, it is a kind of poison.  There is a game being played between our priest and certain lineages, here and in Xunich and in Chacwitz.  You do not have to play, little sprout.  Cab Coh does not need you to play this game.  Burn their gift and take flowers to our mother.  Keep her heart with us, if you still care about anything but words.”  He pushed the edge of the frame with great force so that it cracked me hard and knocked me down, and I fled that place.  His words spun in my head, I must have looked crazed as I stumbled back to the storyteller’s hut.   
My brother had planned well, K’aakik’ was already asleep when I went inside.  There was no one to see me that way, no one to make me slip foolish words.  I took the Chacwitz charm from the pouch around my neck and held it close to the coals of the dying fire.  It was cool in my fingers, and its fine white lines were beautiful, as my brother had said, and it was his comment about poisoned gifts that went into me, then.  I still had the feather-bundle the charm had come to me in, it still smelled faintly of some young woman from the mountains.       
Atlatla’s miserable words wrapped around themselves, what was he saying about our mother and her unhappiness?  Were my brother and I just a trick played on her by my father and my grandparents?  Was this why she was so sorrowful sometimes, even when Atlatla and I were there with her?  She wanted to fly away, she wanted her spirit to depart her body and return to the mountains and leave us?  All this caused by our dying lineage, everything for the dying lineage and the hungers of powerful men.      
I did not burn the charm.  I kept it, it was mine now, the words were pure even if the gift-givers were mere tricksters.  
That night I could not sleep, I squatted next to the fire-pit and fed in sticks and chunks of wood.  My brother’s words had torn at the edges of many tender stories, and I had to stay awake and re-weave them.  I was learning the seating stories for the lords and ladies of time, as I have said, and these are complicated, and their dances are long, and the changes of masks are many.  And all of these things were becoming unclear, only the lines of the charm seemed perfect and true, the path of Cab Coh lineage was being revealed while the path of the storyteller became tangled.  
As Father Sun was about to rise I finished reweaving the storyteller’s works, my feet were again firmly on my path.  Because my brother’s words still clung to me, I went out into the village to seek a little gift for my mother. There were men everywhere because there is much work to be done in Mol, just before harvest begins.  So I kept my face down and went to the river and picked scented flowers, three handfuls of purple and golden and white flowers, and a little green for the quetzal-birds my mother longed for.  I took these to my father’s hut, he was already gone to his milpa, and I put them in a vase for my sleeping mother.  It was their scent that greeted her that day, and later she thanked me for this gift, though she was surprised I put them there.  In truth I did not know if she still suffered from her soul leaving her body, since I was no longer often there to watch her, but after my brother’s comments I was ashamed that I had stopped bringing gifts for her and decided that a son could do this even if he was fourteen, even if he was no longer a child.  
It was fortunate that my father was not in his hut that morning, only bitterness could have occurred between us, for his lying to my mother and imprisoning her in our dying lineage, so long ago.  I would have said nothing, but my face was not white that morning, I was very weak from knitting stories together and could not hide myself.  So perhaps my ancestors were guiding the twisting paths of Cab Coh, there was some assistance through that difficult time, for the youngest sprout.  

When I returned to the storyteller’s hut I must have looked fearful,  K’aakik’ told me to lay down and turn toward the wall and eat nothing when his wife came.  I did all this, and he told his wife I was not well, which was true.  She left seven very hot breakfast-tamales for me, there were turkey-eggs in those and gentle chilis, I devoured everything once she went on her way.  K’aakik’ watched me, and then he began saying bits of stories I knew, and when he paused I said the words that were missing.  We did this until Father Sun was well up; he broke the stories on his tongue and I re-wove them and ate tamales.  His eyes were narrowed but not angry, it was his teachings he was protecting, within me.  When I was finished eating I said some bits of stories myself, these were ones that were not re-weaving in my head, and he would cut off my words and go somewhere else in the story and break the words there for me to re-weave.  Sometimes he nodded, and when we were finished, late that day, the stories were truly whole and proper again, and the dances fell into their places, and I remembered the ways of the masks without difficulty.  So it was that my work-father caught me when I was falling, he did not allow me to dishonor our path with fumbled words and broken dancing.  
K’aakik’ did not ask me what had happened, he knew the troubles that tormented my lineage.  When he was satisfied with our word-mending, we went to our milpa and bent the stalks of the maize so the ears began drying, and we turned the squashes and the pumpkins so they would ripen fully.  

On 8 Ch’en 4 Ahau K’aakik’ and I were speaking after his wife came with our dinner; our bellies were full and we were eating field-fresh guavas and resting.  There had been a little excitement with ain the crocodile the day before, a large crocodile had struck a fisherman’s canoe and almost tipped it, but the fisherman struck ain with his paddle and drove it away.  Several hunters went to kill that crocodile, but it was clever and went into the reeds somewhere, it hid itself from their spears.  
“I was going to be a crocodile hunter,” said K’aak’ik’.  He almost never spoke of himself, so I only said, “Yes?” and listened carefully.  He looked into the fire, and then he said, 
“When I was your age, I went with my brothers down to the river and learned the ways of ain.  It is dangerous to be a crocodile hunter.  You have to know the prayers, and you have to always pay attention.  This is not deer hunting, deer cannot smash or rip, and eat you.”  
I laughed a little at this, because of the way he said it, as if he was instructing me in this obvious thing.  
“But my father grew sick, and the priest said he did not have long to live, and I was selected among my brothers to bear these stories for the village.”  My father had already told me of the beatings K’aakik’ received to make him learn faster, so I just nodded to encourage him, since he seemed pained by these thoughts.  
“It is very different when you learn something because you have to, instead of something you want to.  I learned the ways of crocodiles in my heart, the spear in my hand became one of my own bones, not something outside myself.”  He sucked the rest of the pulp from his guava and threw the rind into the fire to release a sweet odor.  
“You are learning well, Maxam.  You remember everything so quickly, there may be no better place for you in the village.  If you decide to stay on this path, when you teach your own work-son, remember this:  it is better to grow the stories a little each day than to force them in quickly.”  
“This is my thought, as well,” I said.  
K’aakik’ stopped speaking then and smoked a great deal of tobacco, into his pipe he stuffed more and more harsh wads, and his eyes glazed from the old pain of being denied this other path.  The hut choked with smoke, I had to sleep on a mat on the floor so I did not become spin-headed and again lose the edges of my stories.  There was nothing for me to do to pull this thorn from my work-father, anyone who has lived a few years in this world is filled with hurts that can only be smothered, when they open again.

A few days after this discussion I was fifteen years old and growing restless to become a man.  

The Great Sacrifice on 13 K'awil

In the time of our fathers, in the time of the cities, things were not as they are now.  In those days, illness and madness were forced far away by the strength of the priests, the lords, the warriors.  It was the spears of the hunters which kept ain, the crocodile, in his place in the river, and it was their spears which kept balam, the jaguar, from tearing the travellers.  In the time of our fathers, what woman died in childbirth, when the wise herbalists were there?  What child died of the poison of vidaz, the fer-de-lance, when our fathers had driven him all the way to the mountains?  In those days, the city of our fathers—that place we call Kimitun-nal—was a place where the men of power gave rich sacrifices to the gods and the goddesses and crushed down the servants of ah-Puch.  Listen, then, to the words of our ancestors on that holiest of days, 13 K'awil.  Listen as they give what must be given to stay in Father Sun's light and drive away ah-Puch's emptiness.  

Now it is the dawn of 13 K'awil, the day of closeness between living people and their ancestors.  All the people of the city are awakened, all the people of the villages who have come for the ceremony have risen.  They have been preparing for days and only await the call for the ceremony to begin.  No one is outside, yet.  They are all within their walls, listening.  

There it is, the first horn-blow of the priests.  The call echoes from the treetops, from the mountains.  It is the sound ah-K'awil most loves to hear, horns made from the shells of great sea-snails.  Now some families leave their ancestral houses on platforms of mud and their one-day houses at the edge of the city.  These are the humble people, the gatherers of wood, haulers of logs, sweepers of plazas.  Out they come, children, wives, men, walking in a line one behind the next.  In their hands the fathers carry bundles of brown cotton filled with balls of copal incense mixed with their blood.  They bled themselves that very morning, to prepare their gifts.  The laborers are quiet; they do not disturb the thoughts of the god on his day.  They wear no jewelry or armbands, only a headband of brown cloth to show who they are.  
The humble people walk out of the city and circle around to the south and then to the west, on the sacred roads.  It is on the black road that they line up, one family behind the next.  Behind them is the black west, where the sun goes down, where the spirits of the dead are judged.  It is with their ancestors behind them that the laborers enter the city.  At the acantuns—the standing stones at the entrance to the city—there are those priests who serve the humble people.  As the lines walk past, the priests take their place behind them, with their staff in hand.  The priests dress as the laborers do, with a brown headband.  They do not raise themselves above the people.  

Here are two calls on the shell-horns, two long hoo-whoos to call the people to sacrifice.  At the edges of the city, near the fields, the door-cloths of the houses move aside, and out come the farmers and their wives and children.  They feel the power of the god, they move quietly in the grey morning.  The farmers wear headbands of brown cotton with the sign of ah-K'awil made of maize seeds drilled through and sewn onto the front.   So they identify themselves on the holy day.  
It is the wives who carry the family gift, for it is from them that it came.  Each wife brings a gourd from a calabash tree in her hands, with the top carved through as a lid.  Their husbands made the jugs, and into them the wives placed an umbilicus they made from woven maize husks.  
The farmers circle the city as did the humble people before them, around to the south and then to the west.  At the black acantuns the priests who serve the farmers step behind the families, with staff in hand.  The priests dress like the farmers, with a headband bearing the sign of ah-K'awil.  Together they walk to the great plaza and take their place at the feet of the pyramid-mountains.  

Three times now the priests sound the horns.  Two thousand fishermen come out of their houses, two thousand penitents and their families line up to visit the god.  They are watchful men, patient men, directing their wives and children with little touches.  This is the mark of the fishermen:  a headband of brown cotton and the fluff of river reeds.  
It is the children of the fishermen who bear the family gifts.  In their outstretched hands the children carry white lily flowers from the quiet places on the rivers.  It is from such flowers that the souls of our ancestors are reborn.  If the mothers took them, if the fathers took them, they might become ancestors, right there.  It is necessary for children to carry such gifts.  
Like those before them, the fishermen cross over the white road, the red road, the yellow road.  It is the black road they walk, with their ancestors behind them.  At the acantuns they are joined by their priests, each with his staff, each dressed like a fisherman.  

There come four horn-blows, four calls to bring out the hunters.  They hurry their women, they hurry their children, they line them up with whispers and small smacks of the hand.  All of them are coming:  the hunters of bright-feathered birds, of coh the puma, of balam the jaguar, ceh the red deer, ain the crocodile.  Even the beetle hunters are coming.  All the hunters wear armbands of the hides of their patrons, the animal lords whose children they claim.  So they set themselves out among people.  
Each hunter carries a cage of twigs and wicker.  It is mo', the scarlet macaw, who squawks inside.  At the beginning of time, mo' attacked the children of the first people, and so it is mo' who is sacrificed to the lord of bloodlines.  This is the word of ah-K'awil, that those who injure the generations will be injured, that those who cut the cord will have their cord cut.  
The greatest hunters bring the tzitz-tancaz, the bird with feathers of darkest blue and eyes the yellow of pus.  It is a spirit in the shape of a bird, the spirit of a dead child caught by ah-Puch and given feathers so it can fly around and spit poison into the mouths of sleeping babies.  Only the most clever hunters can catch these spirits, and such will be their sacrifice on the holy day.  
When the lines are ready, the hunters circle around the city to the black road.  Father Sun is climbing above the mountains, and the hunters push at their wives and children.  It is not long before they pass the black acantuns and are joined by their priests.  

Five times the horns blow, five long calls, and those who are talking fall quiet and come out of their houses.  They are the merchants who walk between the cities, the carriers of goods, and even on the god's day they can not be silent.  The traders of jade, the sellers of obsidian, the buyers of quetzal feathers:  all are ready to honor the god on his day.  This is the ceremonial clothing of the merchants who walk the roads:  they wear a simple wrap of white cotton.  The eyes of the land merchants, the eyes of their family, are blackened with soot, the sign of ah-Ekchuah, their god.  
Each merchant brings a bundle of white cotton that hangs from a cord around his neck.  Inside the bundle is a round piece of polished hematite.  The mirrors came from the northern cities, far over the mountains, and their cost was great.  But this is a gift that pleases the god, and so it is the gift he will have.  
The merchants leave the city through the white gate, the red gate, the yellow gate.  They circle to the west and come back into the city.  There they are, four thousand merchants, walking past the black acantuns.  In that place their priests join their lines and rows.  

There are six calls on the horns of the priests, six long hoots from the center of the city.  Now the merchants of the water come out with their families.  Their children and their wives mix together, and the men mix together, too.  They act like they do in their trading canoes, everything in groups.  They have to remember to line up and begin their walk.  The water merchants and families wear sandals of uban, the rabbit, and twisted cedar bark.  It is the scent of cedar which distinguishes them, and their green cotton head-wrap.  The eyes of the water merchants are sooted, like those of their god.  That is the sign of their respect.  
The gift of the water merchants is in their hands, it is a war-axe of flint carved with the face of ah-K'awil and the sign of his name.  Only flint is acceptable to the god, only the stone which is born from strikes of lightning, for lightning is the voice of ah-K'awil, and thunder is the roar of his passing.  The lightning in the blood of daykeepers is the whisper of the god guiding them.  The lightning axe is his tool for illuminating all true people.  
To the south of Kimitun-nal is where the water merchants live, on an island covered with houses and storage-places.  The water merchants step into their canoes and row across the river.  Then they line up and walk around the city until they come to the west acantuns.  Their priests join their rows, and the water merchant families enter the city.  

There are seven horn blows, and door cloths are shoved aside.  The strong men step out, men with lined faces and dark eyes.  They are warriors, and they come out before their women and children.  They say nothing; there is no laughter, no smiles.  This was in the days before the war, before ah-Puch turned the warriors mad with killing, but even then they were hard men.  On the holy day the warriors wear cloth helms of black cotton, with two quetzal feathers hanging down the back.  Thus they are known on the god's day.  
None of the warriors carry gifts.  It is in the center of their lines and rows that their offering is found:  a man with a brown cotton hip-cloth whose hands are bound behind him.  He is K'ak Balam, Burning Jaguar, a servant of ah-Puch who lived in the jungle and killed herb-gatherers and butterfly hunters.  The warriors captured him, and now his cord will be snapped to quench the anger of the god, because of the killing of the people.  
The houses of the warriors are all through the city, so that if ah-Puch comes in strength, there will be warriors everywhere to crush down his servants.  After the seven horn blows the warriors circle the city and walk to the black road.  The priests who serve the warriors join their lines, walking with them past the standing stones and on to the plaza of Father Sun.  

Eight times the priests blow the sea-snail horns, and here come the artisans from their workshops near the markets.  There are feather-workers and weavers, idol-carvers and shapers of pots and plates and vases.  There are sculptors and jewelry-makers and furniture-makers.  Father Sun is sending his first light over the mountains, and the artisans move their wives and children into line quickly.  On this day the hip-cloths and tunics of the artisans are white cotton with hems of oragne and green, red and blue.  The colors and the patterns show what sort of stuff each artisan works and for how many turns of seasons.  
Each artisan bears a gift-bundle of red cotton cloth.  The woodcarvers and statue-makers bring small idols shaped like ah-K'awil.  The featherworkers bring fans of red and black feathers.  The jewelry-makers and stone-carvers bring jade beads, and the potters bear painted vases.  The gift of the flint chippers is the spark-striker from which to kindle new fire, and the obsidian chippers have made sacrificial blades.  
The artisan families go out the white gate and the red gate and the yellow gate and circle around to the west.  At the black acantuns are the priests who guide the artisans, to take their place behind the rows.  Each priest bears his staff of office, his sign of power and affection for the gods.  

The priests blow nine times on the horns, and they are not playing:  soon it will be time to start the ceremony.  And here come the nine-call people from the palace where they live.  They are the scribes, the makers of pictures that are the essence of everything that is thought and said.  There are not many, four twenties or maybe five, and it takes only a moment for them to line up with their wives and children.  For the holy day the scribes wear a headband of white cotton, and in this is tucked one fine quill for writing, and one fine brush, for pictures.  
Each scribe bears three pieces of rolled paper in his hands.  From the bark of the fig tree they made the paper, and upon each sheet is a drawing of a lineage-tree, and its fruit are the written names of children and parents and ancestors.  Each scribe knows three great lineages of the city, all the names for nine generations, for thirteen generations.  It is the place of the scribes to present the names of the branches and the fruit to the god and show him how his seeds have grown.  
The scribes live on the island Hun-nal, First Place, and they must walk across a bridge to the yellow stones before they may enter the black road.  At the black acantuns, the priests who are their guides bring their staff and their wisdom, and the scribes welcome them.  

The priests slap the shell-horns as they blow, they make ten rumbling calls, and the thunder men come out from their houses.  Here are the ball players of Kimitun-nal, the stompers on the portal to the underworld.  How many are they?  Three twenties, maybe four twenties, not more.  They clasp hands when they see each other, they forget to line up their families, it is their wives who put their children in rows.  The ball players talk in loud voices, and only when they see their families waiting do they join the lines.  For ah-K'awil the ball players have bared their chest; their muscles are their declaration.  
The gifts of the ballplayers are in bundles of black cotton tied around their waist.  That morning the ball players bled themselves, it was their blood that they mixed with soft rubber, on the hearth-fires.  Here are the numbers of the rubber balls:  nine for the team of night players, thirteen for the day players, seven for those who play for festivals.  
 The ball players live in the center of the city, near the ball courts, and they lead their families through the white acantuns of the north and circle around to the black road.  There they are joined by the five priests who serve them, and they walk on to the plaza of Father Sun.  

Now there are eleven buzzings on the horns, eleven rasps made with the tongue on the blow-hole.  In the palace of the sorcerors, the men come out of the dark doorways.  There are no wives, no children.  It is not families that ah-K'awil has given to the sorcerors; it is his magic.  He is the lord of paths, and to the sorcerors he has given the knowledge of travelling through the empty places between the worlds.  It is the place of the sorcerors to bring assistance and wisdom to the ahau and the lords, from the garden of the gods and the lands of the yach and the underworld.  The sorcerors line themselves up, from work-sons to masters, only two twenties men, and they do not speak as they move.  Each sorceror wears a headband of black cotton with red stars, burning ashes rising to the gods on dark smoke.  
The sorcerors have captured vidaz, the fer-de-lance, and quieted him with their magic.  There are the vipers now, wrapped around their forearms sorcerors.  The path of ah-K'awil from his palace in the garden of the gods to this world is the winding serpent of stars that is the ecliptic.  It is the gift of the sorcerors that opens the path of stars for ah-K'awil to be born into the ceremony.   
The palace of the sorcerors is on the island Hun-nal, and the black acantuns are far from there.  The sorcerors walk so swiftly, it is like clouds that they go, like wind.  They pass the black stones right behind the ball players, only two steps behind them.  There are no priests who serve the sorcerors; they speak to ah-K'awil directly.  That is how ah-Puch corrupted them so easily, in the last days of the city.  They would listen to no other voices than his, when he tricked them with deceptions.   

Now everyone is inside the city.  Eighty thousand, one hundred and sixty thousand people, are at the feet of the pyramid-mountains.  Still the horns sound, twelve long calls.  The lords of the city, who have been standing on wooden platforms and watching the people as they entered the acantuns, come down and join their families.  There are only ten twenties lords for all the city, for all the villages, no more than this.  Dignity is in their steps as they approach the ancestors' acantuns.  There the priests who guide the lords become one with them and their families.  
There are three kinds of lords in the city, and each has marked himself for the holy day.  There they are, the bearded t'aakinob, the wise ones chosen by the men of each trade to speak for them in the mat house.  Each Speaker wears a cape of the soft fur of anklatli, the river otter.  The headdresses of the t'aakinob are shaped like owls, like messengers, and are adorned with black and golden owl feathers.  
The ones who walk as though they hear only their own thoughts are the cahals, the makers of order.  It is they who oversee the villages and the five parts of the city.  It is they who keep the roads and rivers clear, who ensure that prices are fair, who see that enough maize is stored.  The capes of the cahals are made of the brown and black feathers of falcons.  Each cahal wears a headdress bearing the face of ah-K'awil, with a mirror of polished hematite in its forehead.  Two long, green tail-feathers from kuk, the quetzal, hang from the back of these headdresses, and when the cahals move, their feathers ripple.  
And here are the lords who have not yet been named, only thirteen are left.  They are long-haired men with the eyes of hawks, whose hands are always near their spears.  These are the sahals, the leaders of warriors.  It is they who must capture murderers and raiders and bring them to Kimitun-nal for judgement.  When the lords of other cities want to magnify themselves over our fathers, it is the sahals who raise their spears for the city.  On 13 K'awil the sahals go bare-chested:  their scars and tattoos serve as decoration and fabric.  All the sahals wear long capes of the bright red feathers of mo', the scarlet macaw.  In the beginning days, mo' shed the blood of children, and it is the place of the sahals to shed the blood of those who stand against the city.  
All the lords have brought bundles woven of the white feathers of zac-boc, the white ibis.  Every day zac-boc walks in the shallow water of the rivers and ponds, looking down into the underworld.  She knows the face of everyone who is there, so it is her feathers that the lords use to wrap their gifts.  Each lord has brought the god an ancestor flint, shaped like the tree of life, with its branches bearing the faces of the great ones of their lineage.  ah-K'awil is the one who gives greatness to those who can bear its burdens.  
In the plaza of Father Sun, the lords climb up the pyramid-mountains.  Their place is the first tier, where they stand above everyone except the high priests, and the ahau.  

Now there is only one call, one long hoot.  The twenty high priests, the chilam balamob, lower their horns and leave their places by the acantuns.  They do not declare themselves when they pass the black gate.  They just touch the carved stones.  Their wives join them, their children join them, and they walk to the plaza.  The high priests do not seem to see this world; they are thinking about what must be done for ah-K'awil to attend the ceremony.  For the holy day they wear head-wraps of green cotton which bear the golden face of Father Sun, father to ah-K'awil.  It is the strength of the father that embraces the son, it is the strength of the son that embraces the people.  
Jade celts are the gift from the priests, celts engraved with the Tree of Life.  Each priest brings his family's celt, hanging from his hip-cloth on a white cotton cord soaked in his own blood.  
The temple of ah-K'awil is very high, with seven tiers, but the priests go right up the steps.  They don't even use their staffs to help them.  On their left and their right, all the way up, are clay braziers as tall as a man, carved with the face of ah-K'awil.  Each high priest stands next to a brazier, and their families go out onto the second tier for the ceremony.  The high priests drop balls of copal incense into the fires, and the first clouds of smoke are the call for the ceremony to begin.  

One priest goes into the temple of ah-K'awil, alone.  He is Bolon Saasil, Nine Bright Thought, a chilam balam who has walked four twenties years on the gods' path.  While the old man is inside the temple, Father Sun rises high above the eastern mountains.  He draws a little sweat from the people, and they show their respect for his strength by sitting on the plaza stones and raising their sun-fans.  They just break up his light, a little.  
From the doorway of the temple come the chilam balam and the ahau of the city and the valley.  The ahau is Kan Boar, king during the days of jade and endless maize.  It is his desire that has raised temples and palaces, his prayers that have brought good fortune, his will that has defended the city.  But on this day, ahau Kan Boar is just a penitent, respectful before ah-K'awil.  
This is his appearance on the holy day:  he wears a hip-cloth made of strips of hide, with paper strings tied onto them.  He has bled onto the strings, the blood is soaking into the white paper.  He wears a long cape of red feathers and white feathers, black feathers and yellow feathers and green feathers.  His black cotton headdress carries a jade mask of ah-K'awil, with a water lily coming from his forehead.  Above that mask is an obsidian mask of Wuk Batz', the first ahau of Kimitun-nal and the ancestor of Kan Boar.  

Now they stop, the chilam balam and the ahau, at the top of the steps of the pyramid-mountain.  The people fill the plaza and the squares around the plaza, they stand on the steps of the pyramid-mountain and on its lowest tiers.  The priest Bolon Saasil raises his old man's voice and says:  
"Here we all are, then
Penitents and sacrificers
We who grew from the fruit of the tree 

Today we remember the planter 
The caretaker of blossoms
The pruner of branches and sprouts

Today we pay our respects
We pay our debts
Before the god, before his father"
He steps back where the people cannot see him, and the ahau alone looks down.  
"For thirteen generations we have lived in this sacred place," says Kan Boar.  "Our lineages have grown stronger, and wiser, and who has not prospered?  On this day the priests offer their thanks to ah-K'awil for his wisdom.  On this day the ahau makes known his respect to the lord of generations.  Who else will join the ceremony?  Or are you just watchers, just onlookers?"  
"We will make offerings!" say the lords of the city.  "We will join the ceremony!"  
"Join, then, lords!" says the ahau, and the lords bow their heads, and their wives and children bow also.  Kan Boar bows to the lords, and then he stands, and the lords stand again also.  
It is the sorcerors who call out next, "We have come to give our gifts."  
"Then give them, sorcerors!" says Kan Boar, and the sorcerors bow.  The ahau bows, and when he raises his head again, the sorcerors do the same.  
"It must be time to begin," says the ahau, "Since no more voices are raised."  
The ballplayers shout, "We have brought thanks for ah-K'awil!"  
"Call forth your thanks, ballplayers!" says the ahau.  The ballplayers and their wives and children bow, and the ahau bows and releases them.    
"We have words to say and nourishment to give," say the scribes.  
"And may they be pleasing, scribes!" says the ahau.  The scribes bow to the lord of the city and the valley, and he bows and lets them rise.  "So, who are you who have not spoken?"  
"We are bringers of prayers to the lord of the day!" say the warriors, as they bow.  
"Then you must give them, warriors," are the words of Kan Boar.  He bows to them, to their wives and children, and lets them rise.  He says, "Is this all, then?  Are there no others?"  
"Yes!" say the artisans.  "It is adoration we bring to the incense burners."  And they bow, too.  
The ahau says,"Let your adoration be received, artisans."  He bows to them and lets them rise.  
"Our gratitude brings us to the plaza," say the merchants of the water.  "We have come to present ourselves to the lord of the day."  
"Let your gratitude be well presented, merchants of the water," says the ahau.  The water merchants and their families bow, and the ahau bows and straightens to release them.  
"We bring admiration for the keeper of the tree," say the merchants of the land, and they bow.  
"May he hear your admiration, merchants of the land, and be pleased with you," says the ahau.  
"It is vengeance we bring for the god," say the hunters, and they, too, bow to Kan Boar.  
"Surely ah-K'awil will favor your fierceness, hunters," says Kan Boar, and he bows.  
"And we have come to give thanks for the god's blessings," the fishermen say, as they bow.  
"Rise, then, fishermen, and give your thanks."  Kan Boar bows and releases them.    
"Do not forget us, great ahau!" say the farmers.  "We, too, have come with offerings and prayers!"  They hurry to recognize their ahau.  
"How can you be forgotten, farmers?" says the ahau.  "ah-K'awil will see you, on his day of strength."  He bows to the farmers and releases them.  "But, here are a few who have said nothing.  Are you just mice, then?"  
"No, oh, lord," say the laborers of Kimitun-nal.  Their voices are low, they just murmur.  "We, too, wish to share our nourishment with the god.  We, too, wish our faces to be seen by him."  They are humble before the lord of the valley.  
"Share what you have brought then, laborers!" says the ahau, and he releases them.  
That is how the people of Kimitun-nal begin the ceremony.  They declare themselves before the lords, before the ahau, before the god.  They make their desire to serve ah-K'awil known.  

This is when Kan Boar raises his voice and says:  
"Mine is the blood that waters the tree;
Mine is the blood that jewels the smoke;
Mine is the blood that nourishes the god;
That all the people grow stronger."  
He shakes the paper strings on his hip-cloth, and they are red; the white is gone.  "People of the valley of three rivers!" says the ahau.  "You say you give thanks to the keeper of the tree!  Are you not just sinners?  Or do you truly bring prayers?  It is time, the god is near!"  He drops incense into the incensarios on top of the steps, and all the high priests on the stairs put handfuls of sweet pom into the fires.  That is how the prayers rise to ah-K'awil, riding on the smoke.  
The chilam balam, Bolon Saasil, says, "Here are the words ah-K'awil wants to hear, the words he taught our ancestors, at the beginning of time:  
"Are the new souls falling toward us?
Have the departed begun their return?

Our children are softly falling 
Our Ancestors return as mist

Oh, ah-K'awil, our teacher!
Oh, wise keeper of the tree!

Won't you release the souls of our children
To enter the wombs of their mothers?

Won't you release the souls of our Ancestors
To bring us their strength and wisdom?

If we have been forgetful, don't punish them
If we have been neglectful, don't close their path

Let them come savor the essence of incense
Let them come savor the essence of flowers

Oh, mother!  Oh, father!
Oh, child to be born!

Come and eat with us a bit of this maize
Come and drink with us this honeyed bark wine"
"Speak, now, and let the smoke wash away your sins against ah-K'awil and our ancestors!"  

The high priests are the first to stand and pray.  They begin calling loudly to ah-K'awil, they shake his tree.  Then they mutter, their voices become whispery, to beckon the god to listen.  Father Sun moves two spans across the sky as the high priests sweat and chant and toss pom into the fires.  Then they say their own special prayer, but we do not know it today.  All of the chilam balamob died in the war between the cities, and their prayers died with them.  

Now the lords of Kimitun-nal stand, and as Father Sun looks straight down upon them, they chant the words of his son's prayer.  The wives and children of the lords chant, too, from their seated places.  The priests who serve the lords raise their voices to guide the prayers, and the penance of the lords can be heard even in the villages.  The lords, too, have their own prayer, but their words burned in the war, when the lords of Kimitun-nal died by the spear, died by the dart.  For two spans of Father Sun the lords pray, and then they sit again.  

 The sorcerors stand and look at the sky—not at the people, not at the chilam balamob, not at the ahau.  They speak to the god alone, to he who opens the path to their power.  Then they chant their own prayer, very quietly so that only ah-K'awil will hear.  Who knows what words they said?  Not one sorceror lived through the black rain and the burning fevers.  Maybe that is why they are so quiet on 13 K'awil, because they have seen that they will all be destroyed by darkness.  

The ballplayers jump up to offer their thanks.  The words burst from them, their prayer roars in the plaza.  They are proud of their sons and daughters, they are proud of their ancestors, and it is their pride which cannot be quiet.  For two spans of Father Sun, the ballplayers and their priests say ah-K'awil's prayer, and then they say their own prayer to the god.  How is it said, the special words of the ballplayers?  No one knows.  All the ballplayers were dragged into the underworld in the last days of the city, and none of their words remain today.  

These are the scribes standing, and here are their priests, rising with them.  They chant the prayer to ah-K'awil clearly and with care, these shapers of words and their priests.  Their wives say the prayer, too, and their children.  The chilam balamob drop incense into the fires, and the words of the scribes are lifted to the god.  The scribes have their own prayer to give to the god as well, but that prayer was lost when the scribes were smothered in the yellow mist.  None of their prayer is remembered today.  

There is something different, when the warriors stand.  All of them rise at the same time, in the same manner, to chant ah-K'awil's prayer.  Even the priests who guide the warriors, even their wives and children, speak the prayer like one person.  Always the warriors are alike in their thinking and their ways.  The warriors say ah-K'awil's prayer, and then they say their own.  We do not know those words any more.  The warriors were defeated in the war with Sactun-nal, and their prayer passed into the underworld.  

The artisans stand with their priests and bow to ah-K'awil before they speak.  Their wives and children stand and make circles around them.  To everyone in the plaza they just look like standing people, but to ah-K'awil in his high place the artisan families in their pure cotton are white flowers.  The artisans sing ah-K'awil's prayer, and then they sing their own.  Who can say what words were in their special prayer?  The artisans died in the war, they were all burned by fiery rain.  When two spans of Father Sun pass, the artisans and their families form their rows and are seated.  

The water merchants and their priests pray in the deep voices of underground rivers.  Even the voices of their wives and children murmur and flow.  They chant the words of ah-K'awil's prayer, and then they give their own prayer.  In the last days of the city ain, the crocodile, gnashed the canoes and the water merchants, and their words floated away with their bodies.  Only a few water merchants survived, and they left us these little crumbs from their prayer:  
"Let us see their faces
This one time, Lord ah-K'awil

Our mothers, our fathers
On this side of the river once more

Let them rise to the surface
Let them glow like the lily

Just this one time
Just this final time"
Then the words of the water merchants are finished, and they stop speaking and sit.  

The voices of the land merchants are the voices of long days walking on the sacred roads—dry and raw.  They say ah-K'awil's prayer with respect, for they have seen the work of the god in the farthest of their travels, and they know he walks even farther than they do.  Then they chant their own prayer, but who can say how it went?  The land merchants were the first to be devoured in the war.  Their prayers blew away with the dust of their bones, and all we have are some broken words, remembered by their children:  

"We see you in the faces of the red people of the east
Great ah-K'awil

We see you in the faces of the white people of the north
Planter of lineages

We see you in the faces of the black people of the west
Trimmer of branches

We see you in the faces of the yellow people of the south
Bringer of blood thunder

We are all born of the flowers of your tree
Perfect in the beginning"  

Here are the hunters standing to pray.  Their voices are hushed, the voices of their priests are soft, their wives and children speak in echoes.  They say ah-K'awil's prayer and then their own prayer for their children and their ancestors.  We still remember a few words, because two twenties hunters fled into the jungle and lived through the war between the cities:  
"It is true, Lord Serpent, Lord Mirror
Our darts and our blowgun pellets cut short the animal generations

Do not grow angry with us, do not hate us
We are respectful, we give proper sacrifices

The blood of the animal generations
Waters our tree, makes our children grow

We do not take too many 
Their lineages remain strong

Do not punish our children, our ancestors
For the blame that is ours alone"  

The fishermen are not talking people, and they grumble when they pray.  Their wives and their children mutter; only their priests speak clearly.  The fishermen say the prayer for the holy day, and then they offer their own prayer.   None of those words survive now.  A few fishermen escaped from ain, the crocodile, during the war, but they forgot their special prayer.  Ain frightened the words right out of their heads.    

And now it is the turn of the farmers to stand and declare the strength of the roots and branches of their generations.  The voices of the farmers raised in prayer are plain voices, but there are twenty thousand farmers, and their wives and children and priests, and the words of ah-K'awil's prayer rumble in the plaza.  The farmers have no prayer of their own, and for two spans of Father Sun they chant the Lineage Prayer slowly and loudly, many times.  

The humble people crouch when they stand, they look at the paving stones and mumble.  Only those who are close to them can hear their hearts in their words, can hear their gratitude to ah-K'awil.  For two spans of Father Sun they chant the Lineage Prayer, and their families chant, and their priests lead their voices in giving thanks and begging for forgiveness.  The laborers do not have a special prayer.  The words of the god are enough for them.  

It is the voice of the ahau which is the last and the loudest.  Father Sun has crossed the sky and is lowering toward the western mountains.  All day Kan Boar has stood before the people.  He has not been seated, he has not rested.  Only when the humble people sit does he say ah-K'awil's prayer.  He is only one man, one voice, but all the people hear him.  The wives and children of Kan Boar chant the prayer with their father, with their ahau, from their place just below him, on the sixth tier of the pyramid-mountain.  Then Bolon Saasil drops a handful of pine sap balls into the fires, and Kan Boar drops three balls of pom, and clouds rise.  

Now Bolon Saasil says, "ah-K'awil takes his nourishment from our words, from our smoke.  It is time for us to take ours."  He lifts his vase of frothy maize drink and says:    
"Well, then, let this be the first drink
For all our fathers, for all our mothers

We thank you for our lives
We thank you for your wisdom

Take this, then, ah-K'awil
Take this, then, Father Sun

There are a few drops here for you
There is delicious essence here for you

We will share them with you
From our place in your shadow."  
He takes a drink from the vase, and it is time to break the long fast of the day.  Everyone has brought a little something wrapped in a maize husk—a bit of bird, some beans, some maize gruel.  There is nothing rich, just tortillas and beans.  Only the smallest children talk and smack their mouths, only those who are still close to ah-K'awil anyway and cannot anger him with disrespect.  When the meal is finished, when Father Sun has almost disappeared behind the black acantuns, the maize husks are thrown into the burners for ah-K'awil to consume.  

When the meal is finished, and the husks have burned, the chilam balam and the ahau stand again above the people.  Kan Boar says his own words, the prayer of the ahau:  
"All have spoken, ah-K'awil, our lord
All have remembered your words from the dawn

Now receive this, my fire, smoking-torch lord
Now receive this, my droplets, lord of all lineages

Take this pom incense, to nourish your soul
Take this white cloud, it is filled with our prayers

I ask for my people, forgiveness and pardon
I ask for our families, strong and fat branches

We will honor our mothers, honor our fathers
We will embrace our children, that their souls grow strong

We do these things as you have asked, ah-K'awil
We do these things as you have taught, dawn-speaker

So take these, our gifts, to lighten your burdens
So take these, our prayers, to lighten your soul"  
The ahau unties the blood-strings from his hip-cloth and drops them in the incensario.  The smoke is black and twists into the shape of serpents.  There are thirteen strings in the front of the ahau's hip-cloth and nine in the back, and he feeds them to the flames one by one.  His is the first sacrifice, and when he is finished, he stands over the people to lead them to ah-K'awil.  

Now the high priests and their families come down from the pyramid-mountain.  In the plaza before ah-K'awil's temple is his white stone altar, encircled by four tall incensarios bearing the face of the god.  All of the families line up before the altar, and together they bow their respect.  Each high priest holds high his family's gift, a yax-green celt hanging on a blooded string, and together they set them upon the altar, with these words:  
"The blood of our sacrifices washes the path."  ah-K'awil will not come to the ceremony if his path is not clear.  It is the high priests who ensure his road will be clean, with their blood and jade.  
The high priests and their families return to the pyramid-mountain, but their time is not done.  On the altar, their celts take root and grow into a great ceiba tree of green smoke.  It grows higher than the pyramid-mountain, even its lowest branches hang over the head of Bolon Saasil and Kan Boar.  Then the nourishment of the sacrifice is drawn up by ah-K'awil, and the celts are gone.  

It is the lords who next bring their sacrifices.  There are the flints of the t'aakin, set in a circle onto the sacred stone.  Then the cahals hold up their gifts for all to see and set them down on the flints of the Speakers.  The sahals are last, the warrior lords set their flints on top of all others.  
When the sacrifices are given, the lords call out, "The strength of the great ones braces the tree."  That is the burden of the lords, to support the Tree of Life with their sacrifices and their wisdom so that all the families of Kimitun-nal may grow strong and thick with branches.  
The lords have not even walked back to their place before their flints become a swirling column of white smoke.  In the smoke are the faces of the ancestor lords, all the strong ones who made the city great.  Then ah-K'awil sucks up the nourishing smoke, and all the flints are taken.  

The sorcerors bring their vipers to the altar; vidaz hisses from their arms.  At the stone, each sorceror takes an obsidian sliver and cuts the throat of his serpent.  The bodies drop onto the altar, the blood flows into grooves cut into the rock.  The symbol of ah-K'awil glistens with blood.  
"Our minds and our knowledge open the way," are the sorcerors' words.  
When the sorcerors go back to their place, the bodies of the serpents are devoured by the altar.  The spirits of the serpents will burn in the fires of ah-K'awil's hearth, until they have repaid all the suffering they have caused.  Only their blood remains, in the grooves on the stone.  

The ballplayers are next to approach the altar with their families.  Each ballplayer holds high his family's bundle of rubber balls and places them on the stone.  The night players arrange their nine balls into a flower, and the festival players put their seven balls into a line, like dancers.  The day players make a pyramid-mountain of thirteen balls.  Now the ballplayers declare themselves:  
"We are the pruners of the branches of the tree," are their words, for on the ballcourt it is decided which team will play again and which team will be sacrificed to the underworld.  
That is all for the ballplayers, and they leave the altar.  Their offerings do not sit still.  The balls bounce back and forth across the stone, like the first ball game between ah-Puch's servants and the twin gods, in the beginning days.  All at once the balls bounce into the sky, taken by ah-K'awil.  The god will put a chip of white flint into each one and hurl them at ah-Puch's wicked spirits, to snap their cords.  That is the punishment for spirits who would harm the generations.  

They only rustle, the scribes, when they come with their families to the altar.  Every wife, every child, bows before the god.  Each scribe holds high their three bark-paper sheets written with the names of the great lineages of the city, and the blood and lymph flowing in their bodies is the sap of the Tree, as it has been from the beginning and shall be for all time.  
"We are the keepers of the tree," are the words of the scribes, for it is their place to remember the names of all the branches and flowers, even those which have fallen and were lost.  
The scribes do not unroll the papers but leave them curled as they toss them onto the hungry stone.  When all the sheets are put in a pile, they crackle with red flames.  Vines grow from the burning papers, vines of yellow smoke that twist together.  Tiny white flowers grow on the vines, one for each ancestor.  There are more flowers than even the chilam balam can count.  When the vines reach the sky, their yellow smoke is drawn up, and the sacrifice of the scribes is accepted.  

It is the artisans who present themselves next.  Each family bows, and each artisan opens his red cotton bundle and offers his gift.  The woodcarvers and statue makers set down their tiny figures of ah-K'awil at the edges of the altar, facing toward the plaza.  A hundred figurines are there, two hundred little carvings.  Then the featherworkers set down their red and black fans where they tickle the backsides of the god.  The jewelry makers and stone carvers place their jade beads to circle the sign of ah-K'awil, and the potters place their vases beside the figurines so that the god may enjoy his maize gruel.  At last come the flint and obsidian chippers, to set their spark-strikers and sacrificial blades on top of the beads.  Now the artisans say:  
"Our hands bring forth the faces and forms of the gods."  Only the artisans may shape the gods from stone, clay, paint, feathers.  That is their burden, on the holy day.  When the artisans return to their place their gifts sink into the altar.  Only one remains:  an obsidian blade.  

Each water merchant holds high his war-axe for the god and the people to see, and then they set the axes on the stone.  How many blades are there?  Four hundred, eight hundred.  They are stacked on top of each other, a circle of flint axes.  Now the water merchants declare:   
"We bring your axe of lightning, the burning cord between sky and world."  For that is what lightning is, a sign of the umbilicus between ah-K'awil and our generations.  
Now the water merchants flee back to their places.  ah-K'awil's lightning flashes down, and the axes fly into the air.  They twist as though they are in a whirlwind, and then each becomes a flash of lightning that shoots into the sky.  ah-K'awil will put the axes into the souls of daykeepers, before they are born, so he can talk to them through the blood lightning.  

When the lightning flashes have ceased, the land merchants come with their gifts.  All their wives tap the altar, all their children rub the stone, to nurture the god with their heat.  The land merchants open their white cotton bundles and cover the altar with a thousand pieces of polished hematite, with two thousand round lights, and they say:  
"Mirrors are the houses of our ancestors," for it is in our faces that we see what our ancestors looked like, and it is in our faces that ah-K'awil makes his touch known.  
When the land merchants return to their place, their mirrors flow together into one great, black mirror.  None of the people look into it, only the ahau and the chilam balam are strong enough to look.  The black mirror shows the faces of the people in the underworld tomorrow as well as today, and who wants to see himself with maggot-sores, with fever?  It is just a reminder ah-K'awil is giving, that not all ancestors rest easily.  Now the great mirror breaks into many small mirrors that spin like whirlpools and are drawn into the stone.  They all disappear.  ah-K'awil will give the mirrors to lost spirits, so they will remember themselves and find their proper place.  

This is the sound of the hunters coming to the altar:  the booming of wings.  The wives of the hunters bow, their children bow, and then they step away.  The hunters set down their cages, and each father takes out his scarlet macaw and breaks its neck and sets his dead bird onto the altar.  
And here is the killing of the death-birds, the tzitz-tancazob.  The twenty greatest hunters bring out a splinter of green jade and stab their tzitz-tancaz in the heart.  The death-birds do not bleed, they only cough and die.  The evil spirits go out of them, and ah-K'awil catches the spirits and snaps their cords.  Then the hunters put the dead tzitz-tancazob on the altar, and they turn to ash with all the other birds.  Their essence is taken by the god.  The hunters call out:  
"We of the blowguns shoot the enemies of the tree," for that is their burden.  ah-K'awil demands that the wicked birds be shot, so that the fruit of the Tree of Life will not be devoured.  

When the fishermen come to the altar, it is their wives who first present their face to the god.  Then their children look upward, with their family's water lily in their hands, and this is how ah-K'awil sees them:  still green, still sprouts.  Their fathers take the white flowers and set them on the altar, and they float in the blood left by the sacrifice of the sorcerors.  
"Here are your white flower souls," are the words of the fishermen.  "Here is the scent and essence of birth."   The flowers draw up the blood, they turn red and drop into the sky.  They are blood rain, falling to ah-K'awil with their sustenance, until all that is left is the obsidian blade.  

All the plaza moves as the farmers bring their gifts to ah-K'awil.  The families stand before the altar, the wives and sons and daughters present themselves to the god.  The wives give the calabash jars to their husbands, and the farmers set them on the altar and say:  
"From the maize comes our flesh, from our sweat comes the maize."  Our first ancestors were made of maize dough, and it is the place of the farmers to plant and grow the precious kernals.  
This is what happens after the farmers return to their place in the plaza:  there is weeping from inside the tree-fruit jars.  They sway from side to side, and their lids shake.  They are filled with the spirits of still-borns, those who were murdered in the womb by ah-Puch.  When each jar is filled with a curled-up soul, it vanishes.  The jars hang from the Tree of Life, they dangle from their maize husk umbilicus until the spirits inside can be reborn.  

The humble people bow their heads before the altar.  The priests who serve them stir the sacred fires in the four incensarios, and the fathers drop their blood incense into the flames. Only when the nourishment has burned to ash do the humble people show their faces and mutter:  
"We are the givers of sustenance."  That is their burden on 13 K'awil, to satisfy the hunger of the god.  Then they go back to the shadows.  

At last the warriors come forward with the final sacrifice of the day.  Their children and their wives present themselves quickly before the altar and return to their sitting places.  The warriors drag forth K'ak Balam, the murderer who served ah-Puch for so long, and they say:  
"The flame bursts forth from our hearts, the flame bursts forth from our strength."  For it is the warriors who defeat the servants of ah-Puch and bring light into the dark.  
From the temple, from the top of the pyramid-mountain, the chilam balam Bolon Saasil says:  
"Here is your offering, ah-K'awil
The one you seek, the one you have sought
The blood-spiller and breaker of cords

Do not fear our anger in taking him from us
He is yours now
This motherless one, fatherless one

Let the glow of this fire light your path
Let the heat of this fire draw you here
To bless your people, to bless your ahau."  
He comes down, the chilam balam, with four cutting priests, four nacomob.  The ahau comes too to the altar.  K'ak Balam tries to strike the priests, but his feet are bound, his hands are bound.  Even his mouth is tied, there is a black rubber ball held with a blooded cord in his mouth, so he cannot speak a curse.  Three warriors pull him onto the altar by his ropes, and the nacomob seize his arms and legs and stretch him over the stone.  Bolon Saasil takes up the obsidian knife and cuts the ropes.  The warriors step back, they cannot be too close when the murderer's cord is snapped, or their own children might sicken and die.  
There is only one cut with the knife—the chilam balam is very old and knowledgeable.  The living stone is burst open, and there is K'ak Balam's beating heart in the hand of Bolon Saasil.  The heart-blood is fed to the incensario fires, fed to the god in thick smoke.  Even the heart goes into the fire, to be devoured.  The three warriors step forward and drop long strips of paper into K'ak Balam's burst chest.  They put chips of wood and twigs and crumbs of copal incense into the opening.  Bolon Saasil sets down the knife and takes up a flint spark-striker.  He just taps the stones, and it is not long before there is smoke.  He looks up to the god in his tree and says, 
"Now we ask you to reveal yourself 
Lord of generations
Lord of the tree

We have honored our mothers, honored our fathers
We have honored your father
We have honored you

Take these, our gifts
Take these, our blessings
Take this, your new fire, on your strongest day

Just let the white flowers descend
Just let the blood flow
For this day, for all days, until the end of time."  
He blows into the chest of the servant of ah-Puch, and flames curl out like petals opening.  Wisps of dark smoke hiss from the blood-fire and twist into a long, black serpent whose eyes are filled with stars.  The serpent of ah-K'awil is as high as two men, it rises over the nacomob and the chilam balam, over the warriors and the ahau.  It stinks of snake and incense and burning blood.  Its tongue flickers like glowing coals when it says, 
"Your gifts and your words are pleasing to my master.  He comes."  The serpent opens its mouth, and two hands come out at its corners.  Here is the torch of ah-K'awil, lit with the new fire from the sacrifice of K'ak Balam, and here comes the head of the god.  He lifts himself out of the serpent's mouth, he gives birth to himself through his own foot.  The pupils of his eyes are suns, like those of his father, and their light burns away the darkness.  The warriors step back, the nacomob step back, only Bolon Saasil and Kan Boar are strong enough to stand before ah-K'awil.  
Here are the words of the god to those two, in front of everyone:  
"Your gifts and your words are pleasing, chilam balam, ahau.  I have heard the prayers of the people of this city and its villages, and their sacrifices are nourishing and delicious.  Very well, then.  The white flowers will fall.  The blood will flow.  The paths between the living and the ancestors will remain open.  This is my word to you, given here as it was given in the beginning, to the first people.  So long as you are attentive and wise, you will remain strong."  ah-K'awil looks across the plaza at the people, and his light warms them all.  No one is missed, not the humblest wood gatherer, not the smallest child.  Then the god slides back into the mouth of the serpent, and it rolls up into a ball of black smoke that is eaten by the flames.  

The people leave ah-K'awil's plaza as they came, in their families, in their rows.  The first to leave are the humble people.  They walk out the black gate onto the black road and walk around to the yellow road.  Their priests go with them, and when all the humble people have returned to their hearths, the priests return to their temples.  Then the farmers walk onto the black road, and the fishermen, and all the people, as they came.  There is the light of the stars to show the paving stones.  The night is almost gone before the ahau walks onto the black road, with his family and the old priest.  They walk along the road like all the people and come in through the yellow acantuns to the south.  Only then is the god satisfied, when everyone has returned to their hearth.  The white flowers fell, and the blood flowed between the generations.  And so ah-K'awil kept his word, until the madness of ah-Puch came upon our fathers and they drove the gods and the goddesses away.  

Harvest
The day of my fifteenth birthday was 17 Ch’en 13 Muluc, it is a day for old wisdom to be brought forward, but on that day I committed a killing instead.  This was my first purposeful destruction; other than cockroaches and mosquitoes I had never killed anything intentionally. 
I had not awakened thinking of murder; the day was fine and breezy and pleasant, it was a good day for a celebration of one’s birth.  Harvest was well along, and so I went with K’aakik’ to his milpa to carry heavy baskets of maize ears and squashes and other ripened things back to his storage-house.  The dirt was warm already that morning, clods of it fell onto my toes and crushed into my sandals and gave good heat into me.  My killing took place there in the milpa, so it was seen by all the gods and goddesses:  the lords of the night cannot peer inside our acantuns, it is said, but outside the guardian stones the dark spirits see everything.  
And this was the way of the black sprout that grew so suddenly and swiftly in me, it came after K’aakik’ filled his basket and carried it staggering back toward his maize-house, and I was alone.  An animal came into the milpa, it was a small cacomistle that came cautiously into the storyteller’s field.  They do not have this animal in Xunich or Chacwitz, I think, so I will describe it a little:  it is like a raccoon but smaller and thinner, it is a lesser raccoon and not so clever, either; it bares its teeth often and is ugly to look at.  And this one was black, its fur was all black, it was one of ah-Puch’s servants right there in our milpa.  It was just going to plant some evil magic for its master, in our field, or destroy something, or ruin something.  I was close to it, it showed itself very near to me, its narrow little teeth came together many times as it crept into our field.  
I thought then of the children who were killed by ah-Puch’s servants, I remembered the tiny girl Yax Um with blue flowers in her hair and the boy Waxaklahun Cutz' who was pushed onto the broken log-branch and impaled. Here is how it was right when the killing came into me:  it was not actual thoughts in my head but the attacks of too many spirits that struck at my heart, there were infants with pustules and men and women torn by crocodiles in the flood and clouds of dark smoke rising from more and more funeral-pyres.  There was the woman Chel Na who died groaning in childbirth, and the laughter of camazotz’ from my dreams.  When the cacomistle was wholly on the field and creeping toward some pumpkins I lifted my foot very swiftly and leaped over onto it.  In truth this was awkward and clumsy, it was only the will of my ancestors that I did not snap my ankle.  And my lifted foot smashed down on the soft fur of the cacomistle, the night-black fur, and its back was broken.  And its long tail curled and whipped, its teeth came around and buried into my calf, but I felt no pain.  My foot drove into that animal and destroyed it, its narrow black eyes looked viciously at my face. I said something to it, I cannot remember what, perhaps a nasty message for its masters, or just some foul cursing.  
And then I dropped the basket and pulled the jaws from my leg, thanks to the gods and the goddesses the wound did not fester.  I kicked that evil thing into the jungle, into the bushes, droplets of blood flew from its mouth and splattered on the yellow-ripe maize stalks and leaves, and then I took up my basket and finished my part of the harvest for that day.  It was a heated pleasure in my heart, there was a fierce singing joy in striking this blow for those wrongly torn down or wounded by the lords of the night, and their master.  My mother and the storyteller said that words were my darts, but that morning it was my own strength that was my spear.  My very body was ah-Puch’s means of punishment; as he breaks the bodies of my people I broke his servant and savored the deliciousness of his loss.  

For my fifteenth year I began learning the rest of the seating stories of the lords and ladies of time; nine was the number to learn, eighteen in all.  As they entered into me I understood that only the gods and the goddesses could have handed down such stories.  Things that happened in the story of Pohp were discussed with new eyes in the story of Sek, things created in Ch’en’s story were destroyed in the tale of Kumk’u.  The eighteen seatings were the finest weaving, no mere person could have tied together so many discussions and thoughts and doings.  K’aakik’ once told me that many stories came from the gods and goddesses themselves, they were given to powerful men and women in dreams to instruct the people.  Now I knew him to be correct, he was not just teasing me because I was a boy but spoke plain truth.  The gods and the goddesses are superior in their ways, we are their children, and the clever-woven beauty of their stories is their means of teaching us what we must know to become wiser.  
In the story circle I said the words clearly and moved my feet properly and spoke through the masks in the voices of our ancestors and the animal lords.  And this was the strength of the storyteller’s path, that there were no loathsome looks for me in that place of strength, no smirking, no murmured words about my brother.  The white face-paint and the story circle are potent magic and gathered respect even from strong men.  Only outside the circle did I face the ground, or hold my head up and pretend to see nothing.  
On the day 1 Keh 5 Ben we finished my brother’s hut.  My oldest uncle performed the last ceremony on this day and kindled a new fire in the hearth, and after that there was only whatever Atlatla wanted to do, to make it his own.  There was a celebration that evening in our lineage-courtyard, and we ate well from the new harvest, but there was not much laughter.  It is a very strange thing for a young man to have a hut, with no wife.  The feasting was short, and then my uncles and aunts left us, and my father and I helped Atlatla move his sleeping bench and other things into his hut.  That new place was scented of liquor and of the meat that had been cooked in the hearth for our celebration; in this way his hearth was blessed and our ancestors welcomed inside.  Our father said a few words to Atlatla and returned to his own hut, and I too left him alone there, feeding wood into his fire.  Then I turned to ask him if he wanted a little tobacco, for K’aakik’ always has much from his lineage.  It was a pouch or two of this I was going to offer, I did not think K’aakik’ would be angry for such a gift.  
And here was my brother as I saw him that night:  he was sitting cross-legged on his mat near his fire, he was truly a man now and nineteen.  Most men marry not long after the river ceremony, only difficult or worthless men marry so late, and perhaps it was this he was thinking about, that put so much unhappiness on his face.  Though he had held off Te Ek’ once again, soon a woman would be forced on him anyway.  She would not want such a frustrating man, and he would reject her, it would be as cold in his hut as it had been for K’aakik’, who was also forced to marry.  
This was just another thing I could not comprehend, my brother’s rejection of the women of the valley.  What were they in his anger at powerful men? Perhaps he had cared for a mountain woman but had to return to Cab Coh and take his place.  Perhaps he had refused to trick her down to our village as our father had our mother, he refused even to ease his own loneliness and provide sons for our lineage because he knew the reason for our mother’s unhappiness.  Atlatla could not run to the mountains now, no woman would have an oldest son who abandoned his lineage at his age.  For him there would be endless angry and bitter words, endless liquor, endless pain.  
Because he did not know I was seeing him, I left him that way and returned to the storyteller’s hut, and it is true that my heart ached for my brother, in his house of thorns.  

ah-Puch moves in threes, it is said, his evil touches always come one, two, three.  On the day 16 Mac 1 Lamat the craftsman Oc K'awil was killed in his own shop by a fer-de-lance, the snake stung him and rotted him with its poison.  Three was the number of steps he took toward his sons, to shield them from the serpent, and then he fell and was dead.  His sons searched inside and all around their father's work-hut, but there was no sign of kan koch.  Then they went to their lineage-father, who sent twenty men to warn everyone in the village that a fer-de-lance was near.  Everyone said that serpent was hiding itself in the shadows and waiting to kill again, it was under someone’s hut or inside a maize-house, watching.  Even though hunters sought ah-Puch’s rippling son, it was not found, all the searching came to nothing.  

And now comes this time of anguish for me and my lineage, it is the third killing in my fifteenth year, my brother Atlatla is destroyed by the spirit-jaguar Tzak Balam.  The day of his death was 8 Muwan 7 Ahau, it was a day with only a few clouds and light rains.  Atlatla went into the jungle and brought back a basket of fruit at midday, and then he went out again.  When night came he had not returned, and my oldest uncle went to Te Ek’.  Ten men were sent with torches to look for Atlatla, my father and uncles were with them, but he was not found.  There was only his carrying-basket, and too much blood.  The paw-prints were clear, Tzak Balam had left his sign, and so there was no more searching.  Everyone knew Tzak Balam could not be found.  It was when they returned that my father came for me, he arrived red-faced at the storyteller’s hut and said, 
“Your brother was taken by the jaguar.”  
I was finished with stories for that day, and my father and I left K’aakik’ sitting at his fire, shaking his head.  I heard the words of my father but did not let them inside myself, they were kept far outside.  In that short walk through the village there were no other people, no other huts, no trees or stars or sounds.  There was only a cold wind blowing through my spirit, each step fell onto a lilypad floating on the freezing waters of the underworld. 
In our lineage-compound the priest had made a little fire and was divining, his seeds and light-stones were spread on a cloth before our lineage-shrine, and my uncle knelt with him and gave sacrifices of burning incense and two turkeys and blood from his own earlobes and tongue.  The priest counted the days once, twice, three times.  It was ah-Puch’s servant he sought, but there was nothing, the divining was worthless.  My uncle and the priest knelt with their faces almost touching as my uncle whispered his questions. There was a second asking, a second three-count, and then the priest and my uncle ceased their divining because they could see nothing through the black smoke ah-Puch blew over their eyes.  Such was the strength of Tzak Balam and his closeness to his master.  It was here my father stayed, watching these two holy men consulting our ancestors and the spirits of our village.  His fists were tight at his sides, and he stood stiffly with shining eyes.  
In my father’s hut my mother was sitting at her work-table and weeping, her face was wet with tears.  She was biting her curled fingers, and when I came near she pulled me close and held me very tightly.  It was then that my own heated tears came and banished the cold wind and placed my feet again on the earth.  It was not my father’s grief that saved me from this slipping but my mother.  And they were not tears for Atlatla, it is true, they were tears for her, my mother’s long unhappiness crushed through the chill around my heart.  I did not try to escape from her and seek my own way; there was nowhere else to go, without my brother.  
My uncle came and told us that Tzak Balam was hidden and that no hunters could seek it in the dark.  His face was beaten and weary, another burden had settled on him because of Tzak Balam, and he did not stay to speak to us but went to seek rest and comfort with his wife.  
When he left us, my mother released me and lit a tall yellow candle that had come down with mountain traders, it was carved with lines of yellow and black, green and white and red, and she burned a green quetzal feather in my father's hearth-fire.  I watched her face very carefully as the feather burned, it was secret pleasure I was looking for, at the destruction of my brother and the humiliation of Cab Coh.  But it was only pain I saw, it was only my mother that I knew and not this twisted way.  All that night we were there, as my brother's candle burned.  My father came in and sat quietly with his hands folded in his lap and his face empty.  I had never noticed the many scars on his fingers and hands; obsidian claims its own sacrificial blood, and rough bark and splinters force respect.  My mother just watched the little burning light and wept.  People say it is unwise to weep too much when a person dies, or the soul of the sorrowing one might follow the soul of the dead one.  So my father scolded my mother, but she did not listen.  My place was between them, and though they were warm, there was no comfort.  My brother’s spirit was alone in the jungle and the dark, and with my eyes closed and my body quiet I tried to send my own spirit to stay with him.  
On the next day, 9 Muwan 8 Imix, there was a funeral pyre made for Atlatla in the center of the village.  My father and his brothers built it up, and I carried bundles of kindling.  Howler monkey assisted us, everything was done swiftly because of the strength of the spirit that killed my brother. All morning my mother wove with feathers and string, and when Father Sun was well risen she set two cuffs with Cab Coh colors and signs onto the pyre.  All the village came for the burning, Te Ek' sent out runners to the other clans, and the center of the village filled with lines of people.  When Father Sun was high the priest took his place before everyone and said:  
“Yesterday the jaguar came, and now Atlatla of Cab Coh lineage is dead.  Today we call him in from the jungle, we call him into the fire to ascend to the garden of the gods.”  And the priest began to pray, many lineage-shamans prayed, blood was shed and no one’s stingray spine or cactus spine was wetter than those of Cab Coh.  My father pierced his ears and hands many times, my mother let her own blood, my uncle pierced himself under the eyes and wept out precious essence.  I pierced my own hands between the fingers with cactus spines, and when I shook my hands over the pyre the red droplets fell on the cuffs and the kindling.  Then we knelt before the wood; Cab Coh blood called to my brother’s spirit to seek its way home.  
The prayer of the priest was not a long one and was said with great urgency, and the lineage-shamans chanted and burned copal incense as Puksik’al Tok lit the fire.  And this is what he did, what the priest did, as he leaned to light the kindling with a torch:  he reached out and squeezed my shoulder with his hand, and though I felt him there I could only watch the little flames growing in the moss and grass and sticks.  Perhaps I wept a little when the cuffs burned.  This is what was in my heart:  I was thinking murder for Tzak Balam, I was thinking of my raised foot crushing the spine of that squealing cacomistle, and what should be done to the spirit-jaguar. 
Behind me many voices chanted, if there was laughter it was silent, eight hundred people called for Atlatla’s soul to return.  The voices were raised very powerfully; no one wants their sons to die in the jungle, so far from their family.  The priest turned to the village again and chanted in the old words, and the flames grew very high and hot, but my father and mother did not move from their near places, and neither did I.  There were only seven of us left from Cab Coh, we opened ourselves and gave our blood and prayed.  The heat pushed against us, and though I bowed before it, it is true that my eyes were open slits, and I saw the pyre blacken and crack into pieces.  The orange flames jumped high and disappeared, the red and black made faces of men and jaguars; perhaps it was my ancestors who showed themselves, in that way.  
And this is what I saw as the large timbers fell in and the sparks and heat poured over me:  a four-cornered star appeared in the blackness of the fire, only for a heartbeat was it there.  The flames opened into a black portal, and then there was a swirling of fire and wind and my brother’s sweat-scent passing by me.  And I wanted to laugh at Tzak Balam for his failure, my brother’s spirit had heard us and run in from the jungle and leapt into the portal.  He was ascending, he was soaring above the jungle and the lords of the night and their murderous ways.  Then the portal was gone, the flames burned high for a short time and slowly sank down to mere embers.  There were blisters on my hands, blisters on my face; all in Cab Coh were burned in this way.  The people ceased their chanting, the lineage-shamans and the priest ceased their words as well.  Father Sun was nearing the west, this is the direction of death, and the priest performed a divining for Atlatla.  My uncle assisted him and knelt with him before the pouch and the cloth, the faces of both men were grave.  Their words were quiet, their voices were for our ancestors and gods and goddesses alone to hear.   
The seeds and light-stones were poured out and piled up and counted, and then it was done again, and a third time.  The priest said a few quiet words to my uncle, who only closed his eyes and made a hard little nod.  The priest stood and set the end of his staff into the embers and said, 
“This is the word of our ancestors, of the Cab Coh ancestors, of the gods and the goddesses themselves: our voices were heard, our prayers were received and gave great sustenance in the garden of the gods.  But the soul of Atlatla Cab Coh was not received there.  In two days we will divine again, perhaps his spirit is hiding in the jungle and will come to these embers, later.” He collected his divining tools and departed, and the people of our village shook their heads and returned to their huts.  The howler monkey lineage-shamans came for words with my uncle, the lineage-fathers came to share a little drink of liquor with my father, in the ritual way.  Many were the faces looking at mine, but I was could hardly feel them.  The words of the priest were all I heard, that my brother was not received into the garden of the gods even though I had felt him leap into the black portal.  My father guided me to our lineage-compound, and a small meal was prepared for us by howler monkey women.  We had not slept since word came of my brother’s disappearance, no clear thoughts could come into my head.  Sometime during our meal my father came away from the other men and stood next to me.  When I looked up he said, 
“Your brother Atlatla is dead, son.”  And he did not let me look away until I nodded at him, and then I went to the hut of the storyteller and fell onto my sleeping bench.  It was the blood-wetted muzzle of Tzak Balam that received me so very gently into sleep, the little hairs and whiskers seemed to tenderly brush my neck as I became senseless.  

On the third day after my brother’s death, that was 11 Muwan 10 Akbal, the priest and my uncle performed another divining before our lineage-shrine, and again they could not find my brother’s soul in the garden of the gods.  My uncle had another question, this one is rarely asked:  
“Is the soul of this man in the underworld?”  
The priest performed the divining.  
“He is still in the jungle,” said Puksik’al Tok.  “Tzak Balam has him.”  
And my uncle accepted these words, though they brought little gasps of pain from my mother and broke the face of my father into that of an old man.  The divining of the priest made no sense to me because of what I had witnessed; his spirit should have been in the garden of the gods, or on its way.  The priest gazed at me as he took up his divining tools and departed our compound, and though I saw him his steps were made of air, there went the face of a person whose position no longer held weight for me.   
For twenty days after my brother burned I ate only gruel and drank only water, learning new stories was beyond me.  Often I was in our lineage-compound to comfort my mother and assist my father with minor things, often I prayed for Atlatla.  After this time it was necessary to return to the storyteller’s path, and my heavy feet walked the story circle once more. 

Atlatla’s death brought many changes to our lineage.  There were discussions for my oldest uncle, with Te Ek’, and there were discussions with other lineage-fathers and lineage-shamans as well.  From these talks came one tiny mercy, too great was its price: the evil means of my brother’s murder brought Cab Coh back into howler monkey’s embrace.  Though the rest of the village stayed turned from us, our own clan extended its prayers to Cab Coh once more.  My uncle became much older during this time, the look of patience that had always been his was overtaken by many creases and shadows that were not good to see.  My father drank too much liquor, pleas from my mother did nothing to stop this, and he did not work at his wood carving.  It was his heat that was leaving him, his arguments with my brother had kept his heart warm, and now those embers were dying.  
My mother sought to disappear into her feathers:  a great celebration was coming at the end of that year, and she turned away no one who asked her for feathered things.  In the first days after my brother’s death my father and I were there often, near her.  She wept more than people of the valley like to see, flowers and scoldings and the touches of my father did little for her.  After I returned to the hut of the storyteller the wives of my two uncles stayed with her, she was never alone.  My aunts are ripened women, it was their strength that held my mother up in those skidding days.  Once I thought of telling my mother to flee from the valley, to run away with the traders and return to her own lineage and be free of Cab Coh suffering.  It was a stupid thing to think, she was a woman now going into her years of strength, this was the idiot thinking of someone who was still a boy and not yet a man.  Many were the days I thought to visit her but could not, because the stories I was learning demanded great attention, and walking in the footprints of K’aakik’ was now my first and truest way.  
Because of the worries I felt for my mother, because every time I came to our lineage-compound the hut of my brother smelled new but was empty and lifeless, because of my uncle’s shadowed face, because of my father’s drinking, because there were stories to tell and to learn, I became weary in my spirit.  My dreams filled with the bristled pad-pad-padding of Tzak Balam and trickles of blood flowing alongside the ants on jungle paths, and the killer bat camazotz’ came sometimes to giggle at me.  The charms from the mountains protected me during these dreams, perhaps it was my brother’s iik-stone that saved me from dying in my sleep.  When K’aakik’ would say something to me that was not storytelling I could only whisper nonsense.  It was my own funeral pyre I hungered for, to burn away a dead boy and let a new man sprout to find some light.

Early in Pax, a month after my brother’s death, an old man from the storyteller’s lineage came to visit us.  He was Um K’in, and he told K’aakik’ that he was dreaming of his death and was going around to speak to all the people of his lineage before it was his time.  They spoke of many things, and then they discussed jaguars.  That was early in the morning, I was resting on my sleeping bench when I heard their words.  
“Balam went crazed when I was a child,” K’aakik’ said.  “That one killed two men and several children from Xunich before the hunters there killed her.  That was she-balam.”  
Um K’in said, “I was a hunter then, and I went to Xunich to see that one.  She was as long as a man stands tall, and I don’t mean with her tail.” 
“I wonder who sits on that pelt,” K’aakik’ said.  
“There was another, when I was a boy,” said Um K’in.  “That one lived near the old city and killed people in all three villages.  They never found it.  The old priest drove it away with his magic and stopped the murders, but they never killed it.”  
“My father told me that,” K’aakik’ said.  “It was like this Tzak Balam, it served ah-Puch.”  
 “Balam serves whoever rewards him best.  He does not care about sun or night.  These spirit jaguars, though, they are ancient things.  They were summoned for the war between the cities, and they return, sometimes.  There is never a hunter clever enough to discover them, the priest must find a way to seal it off before it kills too many people.”  
Then they spoke of other things, it was not long before the old man went on and left me with these thoughts about Tzak Balam.  It would take strong magic indeed to fight such a creature, who could raise a spear against this demon and extinguish the fire in its eyes?  
On the day 5 Pax 11 Caban K’aakik was gone from his hut all day, visiting his lineage.  When he returned for our lessons that afternoon he bore a basket filled with many pouches and small clay jars and woven net-bags.  These were gifts from his lineage-father, K’aakik’ received such gifts for bringing respect to his lineage by walking the storyteller’s path.  There were fifty small pouches of tobacco:  smooth tobacco and hacking tobacco and fogged-headed tobacco, tobacco for smoking around boys and tobacco for men only and tobacco to be smoked around women.  There were pouches
filled with lumps of chocolate, and jars of chocolate paste, and there were several jars of sweet-scented vanilla paste as well.  There were net-bags stuffed with chilis, the little yellow ones for making powerful men weep and the large green ones any infant can suck on all day.  Four was the number of net-bags of passion fruits from Chacwitz, four more were filled with plump fruits from Xunich.  The smells of these things were strong, for days the storyteller’s hut was filled with luscious scents, and though K’aakik’ offered me my pleasure I could not accept anything or think of amusing myself with vanilla or chocolate or a good smoke or a contest of chili-eating with my work-father.  My brother’s soul was trapped between worlds, there was no pleasure for him, and because of this the laughter had departed from me, and my enjoyment of good things.
  
My brother was murdered in the rainy season, it was only a blessing from the gods and the goddesses that allowed us to burn his pyre as we did, and the days after his death were wet days in the valley.  Because of the clouds it was not possible to see any stars; our loved ones who die ascend and become new sky-fires, it is said, and I wanted to look for Atlatla.  But the skies were grey every day, even Father Sun was hidden, and the nights were black and rumbling, and Mother Moon could not show her face.  The evil dreams continued for me, month after month, almost every night I dreamed of Tzak Balam and camazotz’ and my brother walking in the mountains.  People say it is a misfortune to dream of the dead, because it means the dead one is trying to call a companion to them. But my brother was not threatening, only lost and alone.  He was grey and misty; his head was always down, and he was walking outside Chacwitz, in the wet forests up there.  He was speaking to me, or whispering, but there were no words I could hear, sometimes I woke reaching for him but could not grasp him.
Sometimes after I woke from such dreams I went into our lineage-courtyard and looked as far as I could see, from a place near our lineage-shrine I could glimpse the northern peaks, in flashes of lightning.  In that place the white-stone city lay full of rotting bones.  All those spirits despise the people of our valley, it was they who had sent the murderous flood.  And this is our world: powerful men and women struggle for more power, and angry spirits struggle to release their ancient hate on those who live, and Mother Moon and Father Sun struggle to keep ah-Puch from ruining the creation.  In our village, our tiny place guarded by five little acantuns and one strong priest, I struggled for my brother.  I walked with him in my dreams, I accompanied him on his silent path and listened to him whisper murmuring words.  And after many such walks I understood a way to help him, the shape of an idea stayed in my head after I returned to this world.  
It was a spear I needed, a spear of wood and flint or a spear of the spirit to strike down a powerful demon, and I began to look to the heavens for it, I began to look in the river for it, I began to look in the fire for it, I began to look into the faces of the people for it.  From my dreams I knew that this weapon was not like those that men use today, a boar spear or a deer-hunting spear.  It was a war-spear I needed.  It was the ancient way that was called for, a true destroyer, a spear that could pierce Tzak Balam’s glittering heart and kill him and release my brother from his hold.  That was what I was looking for, from the northern city or the valley, from any place where such a thing could be found.  

On the night of 14 Pax 7 Cimi, when the rains were falling so loud that K’aakik’ and I could not even speak for learning stories, I crept again to the city of our fathers.  The demon-spear was pulling me, it was not my own heart that sent me out into the rain.  When K’aakik’ was sleeping I put on my margay sandals and went past the mat house onto the jungle trail.  There was no wind, but the rain fell so hard that there was no other sound, even my walking on the paving stones of the road was silent.  In the darkness I could see almost nothing, it was the memory in my legs and feet that carried me safely to the city.  At the round stone set into the road I stopped and said a prayer to my ancestors, it was their guidance I sought on that 7 Cimi day.  For many heartbeats there was only the rain, and then there was small blood-lightning in my right leg.  There were four or five twitches, deep under the skin.  Because of that I left the road and found an animal trail going to the south.  The blood-lightning ceased, it was the tiniest sign I was given, and then I went that muddy way.  
That was an old trail, long-abandoned and filled with fallen branches.  My arms were ripped by tree-spines, my feet were shocked by stones.  Once I slipped when sliding over a fallen tree, and its crushing strength between my legs made me sit whimpering for a long while.  But the way of the spear was strong before me, I would silence camazotz’ and murder Tzak Balam under his father’s own face to set my brother free.  And so I collected myself from the log and continued the twisting way, under the rain, under the lightning.  All through the city that trail seemed to go, four hundred fallen branches broke under my sandals, four hundred times the muck slid me around, and then the trail ended at a heap of tumbled stones.  I climbed onto the carved rocks, xinan the scorpion is inside his home on such nights and is not a danger.  
The building had been a small pyramid-mountain, as tall as six men.  Vines and roots grew over the steps and the tiers, in this broken place the magic of my ancestors could not keep the jungle from pulling apart the stones.  My brother’s sandals let me climb the jumbled rocks without falling, and it is true that my thoughts were of my brother when he lived in the mountains and had good sense.  At the top of the pyramid-mountain was wreckage that had been the temple, there was a moment of terror for me because I saw kan koch the fer-de-lance waiting.  I had no walking stick in my hands, I thought I was to be poisoned and die there, but in the next lightning flash I saw it was only a root.  
The altar was gone, perhaps the white-stone warriors had smashed or stolen it, and the picture-words were gone or broken to small pieces.  In that place I stood waiting for the crackles of yellow lightning that flickered across the sky, and during each burst I looked over the piled stones and shrubs for the tip of a war-spear, or any useful thing.  It was on the back side of the pyramid-mountain that there was something unusual, a dark hole halfway down.  The stones on that side were not yet broken, there was a smooth, steep slope to the ground.  Now the vines were useful and not just foot-tangle, now they opened the way.  And this is what was down there:  a tunnel into the pyramid-mountain.  It must have been the northern warriors who broke through the stones, but their reason for doing so was not clear.      
There was no light in the tunnel, and I could not return to the village for an ember-pouch and a torch and come back before dawn.  In truth just looking into the hole made my heart small, there was nothing in me that wanted to seek that place.  But my ancestors had pulled my blood to bring me there, now that I had arrived no other path lay open before me.  
So it was that I crouched down and crawled into the darkness, praying for any guidance my ancestors cared to show me.  My fingers found the way through the tunnel, it was straight but heaped with fallen earth from the ceiling.  The inside of the pyramid-mountain was just dirt, my ancestors built it with stones and filled it with soil.  At one place a few clods of  earth fell from the ceiling, and I could not go on, because all that dirt might fall on me and bury me.  But this was my thought, that if the tunnel truly was made by northern warriors, there might yet be a spear there, or at least its stone head.  And so I took off my clothing and went on, over the heaps of earth, writhing through narrow places, and praying.  
At the end of this crawling I came to stone again, there was a little chamber at the heart of the pyramid-mountain where I could rise off my knees and squat.  The tunnel broke into this, and very carefully I entered.  Small things moved away from me, I heard their rustling but no clicking like xinan makes on stones.  There was a foul stink there, it was old death, and when I moved a little I kicked a clay pot that crunched and broke.  This made no sense to me, and I moved my fingers and found many more little pots, already broken.  With my hands in front of me I searched that little room, it was only a few paces wide and eight paces long, there were a few old spider webs but nothing moving in them.  In the center of the room was a long stone box that contained someone’s bones; the northern city men had broken open the box and scattered everything around.  Immediately I said prayers for the dead one, now I knew why the northern men made their tunnel.  Their warriors destroyed the temple and then came to take jade and obsidian from my ancestors, truly people were degraded in the last days of the cities. 
I did not know what to do, it was only confusion I felt.  Because of the rustlings I did not want to touch around any more with my fingers, eventually there would be a sting from some angry child of ix-Ai.  I waddled around the stone box again, slowly, and tapped with my sandals for anything I had missed.  Then my hair brushed a spider web, thus was the will of my ancestors revealed:  a lightning bug made its light, it was trapped over my head.  That was only a pale green glow, but in such a small place it was very good.  I took the bug out of the web, it had not yet been wrapped by any spider, and held it out in my hand.  After a time it glowed again, and in this long flash I saw that the stone box was indeed empty.  There were only some bones and a few crickets, nothing else.   
When the insect glowed a third time I saw something oddly shaped, in a corner of the room, beneath some shattered pottery.  Many centipedes slithered away when I moved the broken bits, some of these were huge and fearsome, I had to do this with my feet and not my fingers.  It was many many breaths before the lightning bug lit again.  I shook it a little, but it lit when it wanted to; this was ix-Ai’s revenge for all her children I ever stepped on.  When it finally lit I saw what was under the pottery:  it was a conch shell, from the distant ocean.  Its tip was sawed off and polished, and it was carved with picture-words and the signs for smoke and fire.  This worthless thing I did not even pick up, I was not going to beat Tzak Balam to death with an old sea shell, no matter how well-carved it was.  
Though I stayed for many more glow-flashes and looked for spearheads, there was nothing more, and then the bug flew out of my hand and did not light again.  I had to leave, I departed that house of death.  Outside the tunnel the rain cleaned the dirt from me, and then I dressed myself and returned to our village.  Frustration was my reward for this journey, my brother’s spirit remained lost, and my plan to assist him stayed empty.     

At the end of that year was a great celebration, a thirteen-day festival was held for the end of the fifty-two year dance of Father Sun and Mother Moon and the lords and ladies of time.  These days have no names, they do not exist under Lady Time, the gods and goddesses are resting before the next dance begins.  Only the holy days continued and were marked by the priest and the lineage-shamans.  
For this celebration was a great gathering of foods and flowers, a great making of tables and festival-chairs, many idols were carved for the lords and ladies of time.  These were perfumed and incensed and fed cacao and liquor and blood; it was our precious essence that we gave to them, to continue their duties for us.  K’aakik’ and I helped harvest fruits from his lineage’s orchards and my own, there was much silent tongue-biting for me as we picked up fallen fruits and put them in baskets.     
The festival began with parades of idols, marvelous were the feathered costumes of the powerful men as they danced, and the lineage-shamans bore their staves and pouches as they pounded at the sides of the lords and ladies. Musicians from all the lineages came out in their boa constrictor tunics, with drums and pipes and crossed-bone sticks, and they made thunder for thirteen days almost without ceasing; in truth they played and drank and played until they fell senseless, and when they became sober they played again.    
On the first day of the celebration, that was 6 Caban, my uncle spoke with me after the first procession of idols.  When he found me he was eating dripping honey-bread, not a drop of gold escaped his tongue, and for a time we watched the parades together.  My uncle smells of man-sweat; it is the smell of work in the fields and tobacco smoked in the mat house and during howler monkey discussions, and maybe the scent of his wife.  This is not an unpleasant smell but is strong with him, as with my father.  I was surrounded by my uncle there, his familiar presence brought peace to my heart.  
“There are dances, later,” my uncle said.  “Your brother would have joined them, I think.  He was difficult with people, but he liked to dance.” 
And now the calm that came with my uncle departed, this reminder of my brother’s lost spirit brought forth fresh hurt.  
“I say prayers for him,” said my uncle.  “He will never be forgotten.”  
Now many memories of my brother came into me, and a thick fear, for this is the terrible thing that happens to the dead; they are left behind.  Every family remembers its lineage-fathers, but others are let go, they fall into the dark and are lost.  That was where my brother was, in the darkness between worlds, a toy perhaps for Tzak Balam.  It was his loneliness that afflicted me, even at that celebration.  
“Your brother’s hut will become yours, in half a year,” my uncle said.  “I will perform a new dedication, a new hearth will be put in place.  Or we will burn it down and start over, if you wish.”  
“I have not thought about this,” I said.  I did not want to replace Atlatla, I could not.    
“You know Te Ek’ was going to assign your brother a wife.  You have spoken with the storyteller about his own marriage, you understand what that means?”  
It was difficult to speak of these matters, only respect for my uncle kept me there, forcing sounds that were supposed to be intelligent out of my mouth.  My manhood ceremony was coming, my uncle was trying to prepare me for my place as a man.  “We are said to be cursed.  This is more than K’aakik’ had against him.” 
“Some young women are less fearful than you might think,” my uncle said.  “There are those who appreciate the skill of the storyteller’s path.”  
I glanced at his face to see if he was mocking me, but he seemed serious. 
“I can ask a few questions, say a few things,” my uncle said.  
To this I nodded, it did not really matter what I thought.  What girl were they going to drag into Cab Coh now, to be broken like my mother?  An assigned woman was the best way.  My uncle understood our place in the village with great wisdom, let him find someone who could bend this way and that in the Cab Coh winds.       
My uncle sighed and lowered his head, and my eyes found him again.  
“I know, it is a bad time for us, and here is one more thing,” he said.  “But this is important, Maxam, a good wife is a great comfort.  I know you can listen, even if you don’t want to hear.  Watch the dances, watch these young women, and appreciate them.  Look a little, talk a little.  Start seeking, even if it is difficult at first.”  Then he nodded and left me, perhaps it was thoughts of own wife that were exciting him.  
In fact I did watch the dances, there are women who swish their hair this way and that, they smile very curved smiles and shake and shiver and move all the world with their hips and their calves.  My uncle’s wife was like these when she was young, I think.  Later she became wise and learned herb-lore and a little bone-setting and the making of excellent chocolate drinks.  It was very difficult to see these women through our lineage-curse, through my mother’s tears, through things K’aakik’ said about his wife.  For my uncle, perhaps, his wife was his companion and his strength.  But this was not so true for my father and mother, and for K’aakik’ his assigned wife was only a dry thorn.  
Such were my thoughts at the greatest festival in the memory of our village, these were the concerns that kept me at the sides and not in the middle with the babblers and the riddlers, the smokers and jugglers and swayers.  The previous year had been a good one for our people; the damage of the flood was gone, and the harvest had been bountiful.  There were many babies, ah-Puch’s servants had not seized nearly so many as I had feared, and no women had died in childbirth that year.  Only two murders had taken place, the craftsman and my brother, and so for most of the village the celebration was filled with thanks.  Never had I seen so many drunkards, every night fifty people slept under the feasting tables.  Children ran everywhere while their parents talked and traded.  
All the clans served food, every kind of devourable was there, roast pig and deer, twenty kinds of kebabs, baked birds and fishes, turtles in soups and tamales.  There were sliced fruits, and honeyed fruits, shelled fruits and fruit-pulp tarts.  Twenty-four were the kinds of breads I counted, there were hard breads and soft, white and yellow and brown, plain and filled with spices and fruits.  Sixteen kinds of honey were present, each had its own color and scent and taste, every lineage kept its bees differently, for flavor. 
Though I saw all these things, and smelled their deliciousness, there was only a little eating for me, during the thirteen days of the fifty-two year celebration.  Atlatla would have enjoyed these dances and parades, was my thought; he would have enjoyed the foolishness of the stumbling drunks.  Bits of vanilla-soaked bread were what I took away, and fat tamales floating in steaming sauce, and each day I dropped these into the fire in the storyteller’s hut, with copal incense, to keep my brother fed.  For myself there was just enough to stay strong, nothing more.  A full belly makes for an empty head, many people say, and I did not wish to become forgetful.  K’aakik’ told all the festival stories, we did not do any learning during this time, so the thirteen days were a rest for me.  When the new fifty-two year dance and the new year began, the idols of the lords and ladies of time were burned in the center of the village, there was a huge fire with many sacrifices.  Everyone sent gifts into the flames and called out prayers for the new year. 
On the last day of the celebration was the new fire ceremony, every fire in the village was put out except the storyteller’s flames.  A puma was sacrificed, it was a huge animal that had torn open four hunters who seized it and brought it back living to our village, hanging from a pole.  Its heart was cut out in the old way, this is done once every fifty-two years, and the beating organ was burned with copal incense in the storyteller’s fire.  It was this sacrifice that began the new dance between the gods and the goddesses, the strength of this great cat invigorated them.  A jaguar is not good for such things, balam invigorates no one but himself.  
When the heart was consumed, a small fire was kindled in the open chest of the dead puma, it was fed with moss and dry herbs.  The caçique sparked the fire with raw flint while the priest and the lineage-shamans spoke their prayers.  Every fire in our village was re-lit from that little flame; the lineage-fathers came with torches and lit them from the puma and carried them to their compounds.  Then the puma skin was tanned and given to the priest, and it went into the god-house, to hang for the next fifty-two years.  The meat was burned, and the bones were carved into pipes for future celebrations.  Then life in our village became as it had always been, except that my brother was no longer part of it.  

The lords and ladies of time did not cease carrying their day-burdens, at Atlatla’s passing.  Planting came, and K’aakik’ and I put seeds in the ground and then weeded around the sprouts when they broke through the soil.  When the maize plants were as high as my knee, early in Sip, my uncle and I spoke a little more about a wife.  That day was 10 Sip 4 Ahau, I was visiting our lineage-compound to look at my brother’s hut and determine if I wanted to live there or have it burned down.  This was in the afternoon, my father was away cutting wood, but my uncle was there.  He came out of his hut when I was walking around my brother’s place, and he said, 
“I heard your mother say she was making your new clothing, for after the river ceremony.”  
It was my coming sixteenth birthday that I was thinking of also, this was why I was at my brother’s hut.  Every hearth in the village had a fire except this one, it was too dangerous to leave a hearth-fire burning in Atlatla’s hut.  His lost spirit might try to return to the warm fire and then do harm to the living people of Cab Coh, in his frustration and anger at his murder.  Only if I moved into his hut could there be a fire again. 
“I saw the dances, at the celebration,” I said.  “But I do not know these young women, their names are unknown to me.”  
Now he looked irritated, and he said, “This is why you have to speak with them.  Every month there is a seating festival, every few days there is a feast for this or that.  Do you see nothing at these celebrations?”  
“I see a bride-service price,” I said.  “I see years before I own this hut.” 
“We will pay a bride price in things, I think,” said my uncle.  “The storyteller’s work-son cannot be expected to break his back in another lineage’s fields.”  
It was a mistake I made then, I looked at my uncle and saw in his face that he understood my words to be petty concerns covering some other truth.  He is fearfully wise, my uncle, and I had to look down before he saw too much of me.  He could offer prayers for my brother, if he wished, but it was the murder of Tzak Balam I wanted.  No thoughts of wives planted in my heart, my brother’s spirit tossed out such seeds.   
“Maybe it would be good if you said a few things,” I told him.  “There are lineage concerns I do not know, Atlatla said things sometimes.”  
For a long while my uncle stood looking at me with fierce annoyance, until my insides became pulp.  “Very well, I will speak with Te Ek’.  If you cannot find someone of your own to hold, we will find someone suitable.”  
To this I nodded, and then I went inside my brother’s hut to chase away scorpions and other pests.  All his things were gone, his blowgun and spear and clothing and baskets all burned on his pyre.  There was nothing to call to him, nothing to entice his spirit to return.  The final thing I did was sweep out his hearth and throw the ashes into the jungle.    

On 4 Sek 12 Ix, Tzak Balam returned with another killing.  It was in the mountains this time, a woman trader was killed at the edge of their camp.  She was bathing in a stream, and Tzak Balam left the water filled with blood, and his prints in the sand.  The trader’s name was Yax Copal, she was in her strong years and had many children.  So it is that ah-Puch entertains himself, by making each wound burn many times over.  
After this killing Atlatla grew angry with me, in my dreams.  He tried to lead me somewhere on the mountain trail, I understood that there was something he wanted me to see, but I could never keep up with him.  Sometimes he turned to say heated words, but they were frozen in the cold mountain winds, and lost.  I woke from these dreams frightened and grieving, something truly evil was going to happen to my brother if his soul was not rescued and sent on its proper way.
Sacnik and the Yax Cacao

This is a story from the time of our fathers, when Kimitun-nal was a great city and our ancestors were wise and strong.  
Here, then, is the young woman whose name is Sacnik, a farmer's daughter, living with her mother and her father at the edge of the city.  The white flower was the sign of her birth, it was the sign of her name, and the world tree with its white flowers was the holy tree on the day she was born.  All of her brothers were married, all of her sisters were married.  She was the youngest child, and she alone remained.  
This is how Sacnik was:  she always remembered to pray at her family's shrines. On Ch'ulul days, she offered her blood to the gods and the goddesses and prayed for them to look after her mother and her father.  On Itz days, she offered copal incense and chips of fragrant cedar.  On K'awil days, she gave newly-kindled fire and bits of broken mirrors and thanked her ancestors for their blessings.  On Ik days, she burned the bright shells of x'tu, the precious metal scarab, and she prayed for the health of the babies of her brothers and sisters.  On Cimi days, Sacnik painted her face with soot and wept for those of her ancestors who had died wrongfully.  Sacnik was not a daykeeper; it was not her task to observe the holy days for her family.  But on all those days she always went with her father and her mother to the shrines.  That was just her way.  
Because Sacnik was a farmer's daughter, she never went far from her father's house.  She visited the family shrines, and she went to the market with her mother, and when the men of power held feasts, she went with her mother and father to see the dances and to meet the young women and men who lived in their part of the city.  Sacnik always wore her brightest clothing to the feasts, but the young men hardly looked at her.  
"She is too short," they said.  "She is too thin.  Where is her strength?  How will she grind maize and make bread?"  So no one came to speak with her father.  No one brought gifts.  In truth Sacnik was not too thin or too short.  It was just that she was always thinking of her ancestors and the gods and the goddesses and the holy days, and so she seemed smaller than she was.  People just didn't see her.  
At her family's lineage shrine, Sacnik prayed for a husband.  She did not ask for a great man, only one with some strength, and a warm heart.  That was all she asked for.  Still, no one came for her.  Still, she was alone.  But Sacnik did not complain to her mother or father.  Though her heart ached, she did not surrender to the lords of despair.  

Now we have one of the men of power of the city declaring a feast.  He is a t'aakin, a Speaker in the council meetings for all those farmers who live on the northern side of the city.  On 13 Ik the criers went into the markets, they went into the plazas, to give word of the feast.  All the farmers and their wives and children were invited to the palace of the t'aakin, to the square outside his palace.  
"The t'aakin is ending his year of sorrow," shouted the criers.  "He is seeking a new wife.  In twenty days a feast will be held, and the t'aakin will take gifts.  The woman who brings the best gift will gain his attention.  It is her parents who will receive a rich bride-price and who will be served for all their days."  
"Who has ever heard of such a thing?" said the people.  "He wants gifts given to him?  He is the one who should be giving gifts!  Even at sorrow's end, he is trying to become wealthier."  
But those words did not stop women from preparing their gifts.  The t'aakin was a handsome man at the beginning of his strength, and everyone knew that he had treated his first wife like a treasure.    There were many women who wanted to be seen by him.  Families bought ear spools of green jade and spear tips of red chert for their daughters to give as gifts.  Fathers carved fine bone flutes and tobacco pipes, and mothers made headdresses with bright feathers and arm bands of beautiful hide.  Some women wove blankets of bright cotton for the t'aakin, and others made painted vases and plates and bowls for his palace.  Those women who were more mindful of the holy days made many balls of sweet copal incense and skeleton-faced incensarios for the t'aakin's family shrines.  A few women who were born on Ah days, who were as much man as woman, went into the forests and coaxed delicious honey from the bees, and this was their gift.  There were even women who made no gift but bathed themselves with the milk of bonopamli the tapir and honeyed their hair and rubbed their skin with pumice stone for smoothness.  Those were the ones who bargained for flowers for their hair and bright paint for their toenails and their faces.  It was only little sheets of paper that they made for the t'aakin—small pieces of rolled bark paper with prayers written on them by the scribes.  "It is this prayer which I have for him, and a woman's promise," were their words.  

Sacnik and her mother were about to go walking when they heard the t'aakin's criers spread their words.  They have water jars on their heads, they were going to the river, but they have paused to talk about the t'aakin instead.  
"Will you bring a gift to the feast?" Sacnik's mother asked her.  
"Mother, you know I have nothing for such a lord," said Sacnik.  In truth, her father and mother owned no jade, no obsidian.  They did not have silver, or cacao, or brilliant feathers from the mountains.  They were just farmers, simple people.  
"All great gifts begin with desire," said her mother.  "Your desire will lead you."  
In her heart, Sacnik did desire the t'aakin.  She had seen him at other feasts, talking with the other Speakers from all the parts of the city.  Weren't his hairs beginning to turn silver?  Wasn't he a man of strength, who had already taken one wife and was wise with women?  She knew the Speaker had never seen her, but she had seen him, and her heart knew the pain of wanting.  
For twelve days, though, Sacnik could not look for a gift for the t'aakin.  That was because of 12 Puksik'al, 12 Puksik'al was coming, and there were many preparations to make for the holy day.  That was a day for honoring the flow of blood and spirit between the generations, and Sacnik made her gifts for the family lineage-shrine.  When the day came, she and her mother took their balls of copal incense and their slips of paper soaked with their own blood to the shrine and made their offerings and prayers.  They burned their papers, and in the smoke their prayers rose to the gods.  Sacnik's name is the name of the white blossom of life, but it is from the red blossom that we all are born, and this was the blossom that burned in the shrine.  As Sacnik said the Puksik'al prayers, in her heart she asked that her ancestors might bring her face to the attention of the t'aakin.  "I will find a suitable gift," were the words in her blood.  "But men never see me.  Only show him my face, only let him see me for a moment.  This is all I ask."  

There are feathers in the jungle, on the paths and in the ferns, and Sacnik walks along the trails for six days after 12 Puksik'al, gathering them.  She goes slowly, with her small basket only partly full.  In it there are some fluffy white feathers and a few long black ones and three narrow red wing-feathers.  There are a couple of fat yellow feathers and two twenties tiny blue ones which shimmer in the broken light that comes down through the branches.  Sacnik knows now that she does not have enough feathers for a feather shield, which is what she wanted to make for the t'aakin.  There are not even enough for a headband or a pair of armbands.  It was only an idea she had, from her head, to make these things, and she can see that her idea was no good.  
There were only two days until the feast, and she did not know what to make, and her family could not buy anything magnificent in the market.  Sacnik stopped at the shore of the great river and turned over her basket so that the feathers fell onto the water and washed away.  "I am no feather weaver," she said.  "The birds withhold their feathers from me, because they know my clumsy fingers will only waste their beauty."  She sat on a boulder on the bank and wept.  "All my brothers have married, and their children grow strong," she said aloud.  She did that sometimes, talked to herself when she was thinking.  Sometimes she talked to her ancestors, too.  "All my sisters have married, and they have children.  Am I to be fruitless while they blossom?"  As she said those words the feathers spun down into the river.  It was as though watery hands pulled them down.  
There was a rustling of reeds behind Sacnik, and a strong woman's voice said, "What is this you are saying, girl?  And what are you doing here, alone by the river?  Don't you know that ain, the crocodile, lives in places such as this?"  
Sacnik turned and saw a tall, old woman wearing a pik, a frock, of blue-green spider silk.  Many strong-smelling pouches hung from her belt, and she carried a knife of green obsidian, like an herb-gatherer.  
"Who are you, oh, grandmother?" said Sacnik.  
"I am only one who has heard your words and come to see your face."  
"I do not know you," said Sacnik.  "How is it that you are out here in the jungle?"  
The old woman only laughed.  "You are afraid that I serve ah-Puch?  Look at my belt.  Do the servants of ah-Puch wear such pouches?"  
"Truly, grandmother, I have never heard of such a thing."  
"Then you know I do not serve the lord of madness.  Now tell me, why are you weeping?"  
"It is only a small thing," said Sacnik.  "It was only a gift I wished to make, but there are not enough feathers."  
"Then perhaps it is not feathers you need," said the old woman.  "Perhaps you should seek something else."  
Sacnik only said, "There is no time to weave anything good, and I have no other talents for making things.  I am a farmer's daughter, not an artisan."  
"Maybe there is more to you than you know.  Walk with me," said the old woman.  "Walk with me, Sacnik, and I will reveal to you another gift."  

Now Sacnik stands on the shore of the river, looking at the strange old woman with the pik of spider silk and the pouches of herbs.  Only a fool trusted a stranger met in the jungle.  But the t'aakin's feast was in two days, and where would she find a gift, on her own?  
Sacnik said, "What is your name, oh, grandmother?  You know me, but when have we met?"  
"For now, you may call me, 'grandmother,' as you have been doing.  And who has not heard of the quiet young woman who remembers the holy days before all other things?"  
"Oh," said Sacnik.  She knew many people thought her strange and disapproved of her spending so much time at her family's shrines.  
"Walk," said the old woman, and she led Sacnik through the cattails and into the jungle.  They did not go so far when they came to a circle of sacred ceiba trees, surrounded by thick brush and thorns.  There was only one secret path which led to the grove within.  
"Here is the gift," said the old woman, and she led Sacnik onto the path.  It twisted many times before it came to a stand of cacao trees.  There were thirteen trees growing there, under the shade of the ceibas, and each tree had thirteen ripe seed pods hanging from it.  All those pods were an old, musky-scented green.  
"I have never seen cacao pods like these," said Sacnik.  "Shouldn't they be red and brown?"  
"These are the cacao trees of Ix-Cacaw herself," said the old woman.  "Their fruit is powerful.  Anyone who drinks the chocolate made from their seeds will be free of sickness and disease for their entire life."  
"How did you know of this place?" said Sacnik, for she had never heard of such a thing, so close to the city of our fathers.  "And why are you showing it to me?"  
The old woman smiled.  "I am showing it to you because you always remember to say prayers for me, when you go to the lineage-shrine.  I am showing you because you have always brought me sacrifices of honey and incense and sweet blood.  My name is Chelna, and I am the mother of your mother's mother.  As to this grove, many secret things become known to us, after we pass on to the fifth world."  
"How?" said Sacnik.  "How is it that you are here?"  
"It was your prayers which opened the road for me.  But I can stay no longer.  I must tell you two more things, quickly.  There is a guardian for this place, so do not rush in.  I cannot say more; if you are not clever enough to defeat the guardian, then you must go to the feast without a gift.  Also, take only two pods for the feast.  Ix-Cacaw does not like greed.  Do not make the seeds into cacao yet, for the t'aakin should not get used to unmarried women preparing food for him.  Make him marry, as is proper!"  That old woman laughed and went back down the trail and disappeared from this world.  

Here at the end of the trail is Sacnik, picking up a pebble and tossing it onto the dead leaves of the grove.  Right away someone jumped down from the branches to see what had happened.  That was couoh, the tarantula, as big as Sacnik's hand.  He jumped down and pierced the stone with his fangs and stabbed it with the sharp spines on his legs.  
"Hmm," said couoh.  "It is only a stone.  How did this come to fall here, I wonder?"  He said this because his eyes are weak, and he could not see Sacnik standing in the shadows of the trail.  
Sacnik called out, "Good day, couoh."  
Couoh spun around and raised his front legs toward her, as though he would attack her.  "I see you now, skulking there in the shadows," he said.  "Who are you, and what are you doing?"  
"I am only a young woman who was seeking feathers for a gift," said Sacnik.  "Then I saw your beautiful cacao trees, couoh.  Never have I smelled such wonderful fruit."  
"They are only some yax cacao, very green," said couoh.  "In this place, the goddess ix-Cacaw shed thirteen drops of blood, and they grew into these trees."  
"Oh," said Sacnik.  "You must serve ix-Cacaw, then."  
"No, I found my own way here, so this grove is my home.  And you are not welcome in it!"  
"Well, it is a lovely place, anyway," said Sacnik.  "May I take just two of these fruits?  Their pulp must be so refreshing."  
"You want to take a fruit?" said couoh.  "But what will you give me?"  
Sacnik said, "I am a farmer's daughter, I have no jade or silver for you."  
"What would I do with jade or silver?  Listen:  in this grove there are only ix-Oolimb's children, the insects, for me to eat.  I desire something more succulent, and tender.  Bring me nine baby birds, still warm from their nest, and then you may take one of these fine pods."  
Sacnik did not want to feed baby birds to couoh, and she said, "Nine is so many!  Surely there must be some other thing which would be pleasing to you."  
"That is what I desire," he said.  "Do not step into this grove without my gift, or it shall be you who is pierced and poisoned!"  
"Very well," said Sacnik, and she went down the trail and back into the jungle.  

This is a small sandy hill near the river, covered with stones of all sizes that washed there with the spring floods.  Sacnik is walking up the hill and thinking about couoh's words.  She wants to go home to speak to her mother about the grove and couoh and the things which have happened, but if she leaves, will she ever find the grove again?  From this hill she can still see the secret trail, and so it is here that she has stopped to ponder.  
"I saw no she-couoh in that grove," said Sacnik to herself.  "Couoh must be very lonely.  Maybe he needs a wife.  A special wife, to reward his nastiness.  Pierce and poison me!  Why, they're not even his cacao trees!"  
So she took up handfuls of mud, and a large stone, and sticks.  She made a spider of these things and stuck coconut hairs onto its legs and body with sweet tree sap.  She used chips of black obsidian for its eyes.  When she was finished she had a she-couoh with sparkling eyes and a scented body.  It was not a very beautiful spider, but couoh's eyes were not good, anyway.  Then Sacnik picked up a second large stone and went back to the grove.  
Couoh was not there, under the cacao trees, but she knew he was hiding in the branches.  So she set down the false she-couoh and stepped back onto the trail.  It was only moments before couoh smelled the sweet sap on the false spider and jumped down to see who was there.  He did a dance, the Dance of the Joyful Spider, and he said: 
"From the top of that tree
I saw your eyes shining

From the top of that tree
I saw your legs prancing

From the high branches
I saw your soft hair swaying

I have come to make you mine."  
He leaped forward to embrace the she-couoh, and Sacnik dropped her other stone on his head.  It just fell on him and knocked him right out.  Only his legs stuck out from under that rock.  
"I will leave this she-couoh here for you," Sacnik said to sleeping couoh.  "Perhaps her scent and shining eyes will make you happy."  She stepped over him and went into the grove and carefully picked two of the freshest-smelling cacao pods.  She did not take three, or six.  She took only two, and then she left that place and returned to her father's hut.  
"Where did you get those?" asked her mother, and Sacnik told her of the strange grove in the jungle and of the thirteen cacao trees.  She said nothing of Chelna's visit, for ancestors choose their visits carefully and do not like much talk of their affairs.  
"Once I walked away from that place, the trail disappeared," said Sacnik.  "Perhaps I can never go back there, but I have these two pods."   
"Well," said her mother, "It is as I said, your desire led you to a pleasing gift for the t'aakin.  But, you shouldn't present these by themselves.  I will weave a basket to put them in."  So it was that a palm-frond basket was made for the cacao pods, and a blanket of soft grasses was laid down for them.  So radiant was their scent that the house of Sacnik's father was soon filled with the aroma, and even with the feast only two days away, everyone in that house rested easily and dreamed of pleasing things.  

The day of the t'aakin's feast was 7 Ik, a day set aside by the gods and the goddesses for feasting and marriages, and Sacnik and her mother and father rose early to offer burnt incense and ground maize and prayers.  There they are, the three of them, dressed in their finest clothing, with new reed sandals woven by Sacnik's mother, as they join all the other farmers from the north side of the city at the t'aakin's feast.  There were four thousand people there, eight thousand people, in the plaza around the palace of the Speaker.  All the farmers were there, to be seen by the t'aakin and the other men of power, and their wives were there to talk and to barter for trinkets.  And all their children ran and laughed and played in the plaza, around the legs of their parents.  
At the center of the plaza stood long tables bearing the rich feast of the t'aakin.  There were plates of bread and biscuits and sweet rolls.  The roast flesh of ceh, the red deer, and haleu, the paca, was served with much chili pepper, and there were many vessels filled with the stewed flesh of kitkit'ot, the snapping turtle.  Blackened fish filled four hundred stew pots, scenting the plaza with their thick smell.  There were broiled ears of maize, maize gruel, roast maize ears.  Countless were the vessels of steaming maize drink.  Fresh fruits from the valley and the swamps and the mountains were stacked in bowls on every table.  Sacnik and her parents ate well at the feast, as did all the people.  Everyone saw the wealth of the t'aakin, set out for their pleasure.  
In the morning there were dances by entertainers, who did the Drunken Hawk and the Stilt Dance.  They did the Weasel and the Three Jaguars and the Dance of the Thick-Headed Priest.  Then the people ate, and they spoke, until Father Sun reached the top of the sky and began down again.  At that time the t'aakin's criers shouted for attention.  
"Today is the day when the t'aakin will receive gifts and turn his attention to gaining a new wife," said the criers.  "Make ready to present your gifts, you women!"  
All the women came forward then, those who wished to be seen by the t'aakin.  There were three twenties eligible wives, three twenties gifts.  All that afternoon the women presented their items to the t'aakin.  He thanked each of them and gave the things to his bearers, saying no words in favor of any one woman or her present.  Then Sacnik came before him, with her palm-frond basket and its precious pods.  The t'aakin thanked her and took her basket, and so it was that he smelled the yax cacao, the jade-green pods in his hands.  Now he saw the uniqueness of those fruits, and of the one who brought them.  He said nothing, but he looked at Sacnik, and his eyes were warm.  

It is four days later when the marriage-arranger comes to the house of Sacnik's father.  He is the oldest brother of the t'aakin, and his name is Yax Pak, or New Dawn.  Once he was a warrior fighting the servants of ah-Puch, but when he grew older, he turned to arranging marriages.  He brought with him many gifts for Sacnik's father—tobacco, and pipes, a pouch of carved jade pebbles, three black obsidian blades, and good wine—and a pair of beautiful, painted vases for him and Sacnik's mother.  All of these things Sacnik's father accepted, and so the way was opened for the marriage-arranger to present his lord's desire.  
"With your permission, the t'aakin will present gifts to your daughter," said Yax Pak.  
"I see," said her father.  "Yet, it is not her birthday, Yax Pak."  He knew why Yax Pak was there, everyone knew, but only fools rush at such important times.  
"It is not a birthday gift, though be assured that the t'aakin knows the birthdays of all the people of his district," said the marriage arranger.  "I am afraid it is with a taking face that my lord presents himself today.  There is something precious which he desires.  But, all people belong to themselves, do they not?  Would his gift be welcomed?"  
Sacnik heard all these words, from her room behind a woven curtain, and it was only because of custom that she did not go out to see the t'aakin's marriage-arranger and his gift.  It is terrible luck for a young woman to interrupt marriage negotiations, and Sacnik did not want to offend the gods and the goddesses.  
Sacnik's father said, "The gifts of the t'aakin will find favor with my daughter, I believe."  
"Very good," said Yax Pak.  "Here is what he has sent:  two aromatic pods from a cacao tree, and this mano and metate.  If your daughter finds the t'aakin's attention to be pleasing, she is to dry the cacao seeds and grind them into chocolate, and together she and the t'aakin will drink a frothy toast to their marriage."  
"I understand," said Sacnik's father.  Then the marriage-arranger left them, and Sacnik came out to admire the t'aakin's black granite mano and metate.  She dried the seeds from the yax cacao in Father Sun's strong light and ground them into chocolate powder and mixed them with fresh vanilla, for flavor.  It was only two days until the wedding.  That way the ceremony was on 13 Iik', the day for new beginnings.  For Sacnik and her mother, those were two days of rushing and buying and arranging.  Sacnik's father's mother, for whom the shuttle was a live thing, made for her a most beautiful pik and a k'ub, an overblouse, which set her out among women.  Sacnik's mother bought for her a bridal necklace of fine jade pebbles.  Her father spoke to her godparents, her embracers, and from them received the cup and the plate of marriage.  All these things happened swiftly, after the marriage-arranger came to the house of Sacnik's father.  The ceremony and the feast were prepared by the t'aakin and his people, as it has always been.  
On the marriage day, on 13 Iik', Yax Pak came and took Sacnik and the chocolate to the palace of the t'aakin.  There Sacnik and the t'aakin, with Sacnik's parents and the Speaker's parents and all the people to witness, drank the chocolate and so began their marriage.  As Chelna had promised, the chocolate made from the yax cacao was a potent medicine for the Speaker and Sacnik, so that for all their lives they were never sick, never weak or feverish.  And when they had many children, it is said that their children, too, were blessed with strength for all their days.  
No one knows if the t'aakin ever sent men to find the grove of the yax cacao.  Maybe that place is still there today, near the shore of the great river, hidden behind a circle of ceiba trees and walls of thorns.  Only the gods and the goddesses know for certain.  
Burning
The day of my manhood ceremony was 10 Ch’en 7 Ahau.  This was seven days before my sixteenth birthday, but it was the day the priest set, since 7 Ahau is the day for boys becoming men, or men remembering their sons.  I was not so excited to go to the river, this event lost much of its glow because of the danger to the spirit of my brother and the worrisome talk of marriage.  
Nine days before the ceremony I began to fast, only ritual bread and water were available to me.  All other foods were set aside, spices were abandoned, there was no honey, there was no tobacco.  Four days before this the men of our village started their own fasts, there were thirteen lean days for them.  During these days K’aakik’ made much grumbling and entertained himself by pretending to smoke his bird-bone pipe and tossing his pouches of tobacco into the air and watching them fall into their basket.  Because the river ceremony is rigorous there was no story training for those days, and we busied ourselves instead with harvest and repairing masks.  A few days before the ceremony K’aakik’ and I practiced the Dance of the Burning Boys; it was an absurdity we committed in the storyteller’s hut, staggering around the fire like empty-headed fools.  
On the day before the ceremony there was a celebration, all the village came, there was music and dancing as there is at this event every year.  Six other boys were passing through the river, seven was our number in all.  When Father Sun was high we danced the Burning Boys dance before all the people, my mother and aunts had made the costume with strips of red cloth coming from the back, to be the flames.  The dance was long and heated, Father Sun was not gentle that day, by the end of the stamping and leaping it is true that the sky and the world were melting together in a strange fashion.  After this the unmarried women of the village danced the Water Girls dance.  Because of exhaustion and the fact that I was starving, there seemed to be very many unmarried girls moving, two hundred girls seemed to vibrate through the center of the village.  This made me anxious about my uncle’s meetings with Te Ek’, how many unmarried women could there be to choose from?  It is said there are more girls than boys in our village, but I did not know if that was true or just words.    
After the dances the women went to their lineage-compounds, the village belonged only to the men.  Now there were stories told, and tobacco smoked, and amusing animal-dances were performed by some of the boys.  I could smoke during this time, there are certain tobaccos allowed before death in the river, but I only puffed a little.  Already my head was dizzy and strange.  When Father Sun began to sink over the western mountains, the lineage-fathers introduced the boys who were to become men.  Because my birthday had not quite happened yet I was the sixth one introduced, I stood with my oldest uncle and turned in a circle to be seen by all the men and boys while he said:  
“This is Maxam Cab Coh.  He is the storyteller’s work-son, this is his face when he is not wearing a mask.”  Those words brought good laughter, even the lineage-fathers laughed a little.  It was strange to be seen by the men, all those eyes looked straight at mine, fear of my lineage-curse went out of my head as I looked into so many faces.  I did not wish to shame Cab Coh or seem stupid, I turned in my circle and then stood tall while my uncle said:  
“Already he has learned many of the true stories, already his feet move in the old dances.  The ways of our fathers flow in this boy’s blood.  Cab Coh is proud to bring him to die in the river ceremony and see him born as a knowledgeable man.”  Then my uncle was seated, and I squatted as the seventh boy stood and was introduced.  
There was much smoking after this, and the center of the village became a drifting grey haze that made many boys fall senseless and made my head float.  As Father Sun disappeared and night came there were stories told by the old men and the lineage-fathers, and there were riddle-contests, and fathers and sons played games with their lineage-fathers and the old men.  My own father clapped my back several times, and both of my uncles said things to me, but I was not suitable for game-playing or riddling.  Once when my head was not so airy I looked at my father, but his face was empty; he was gazing across the plaza to where Atlatla had stood during his own river ceremony.  And I felt sympathy for him then, for my father and his hurts, and his son trapped in the jungle, perhaps forever.   
When the night was growing old, K’aakik’ came out of his hut with the masks for the story of the death of boys and the birth of men.  Everyone found their way to the story circle, only a few had to be dragged or carried, and then my work-father spoke the old words and performed the steps and changed the masks.  There was a pulling in my heart while he told this story, in truth I could hardly watch K’aakik’ or listen to his voice.  My brother had heard those words, he had stood where I stood, he had done what I was doing.  It was his place I was stepping into as much as my own, this stalk of Cab Coh lineage had to bear ears for two.  
In the dim light before dawn, the staff of the priest looked like a war-spear.  
“The gods are calling these boys to the river,” said Puksik’al Tok.  He wore his crocodile headdress and high sandals made from the hide of kan-koch, and because my head was floating he did not seem to stand on the ground but drifted above it, on the tobacco-smoke.  He raised his staff, and I took off my boy’s waist-cloth and threw it into the story circle fire, with those of the other boys.  My father painted me with red dust, it was Father Sun’s fire I wore to protect me from ah-Puch and his servants.  The priest led the procession to the river, my uncle and I were first behind him because of the age of our lineage.  And this is what I saw from that place:  that Puksik’al Tok had white hairs among the black.  They were not so many, but it was true that the priest was wearing these signs of age.  He was gaining strength, growing ever closer to the gods and goddesses, would there be a day when he could drive away Tzak Balam?    
At the river the priest threw in herbs to keep ain away, and the seven of us left our lineage-fathers and knelt behind him, facing the river.  Father Sun was nearly up, we did not wait as we had for Atlatla’s ceremony.    
“Today these boys must die,” said the priest.  And though these were alarming words when they were meant for me, the fasting and dancing and smoking took the worry out of them so that it was only a litle buzzing the priest was doing, far away.  Concern for my brother came and left me again, I could hold nothing.  The men began their prayers, and the priest said,    
“Their time is over.  Today they must be reborn as men.”    
We stood, seven boys stood at the edge of the river while men prayed for them. The priest walked in front of us, saying old words:  
“In the story of the death of boys and the birth of men you heard the prayers, you know what to say to the gods and the goddesses.  Give our greetings to them, and return as men.”    
We stepped into the water and walked until it rose over our waists; there was stone on the bottom, a shelf of stone held me up.  In that place there was no current to be felt, the river god did not tug at all.  We turned to face the men, the shore of the river was filled with faces.  I lifted my chin, for Atlatla this always looked good, and hoped I was not making a fool of myself or my lineage in any way.  
I was from the oldest lineage going through the river that day, and the priest came next to me first and said, 
“Are you ready to die?”  
“Yes,” I said, and these were not just ceremony words but the truth.  Being a boy had not been very pleasing for me, I was ready for that boy to pass away.  
“Are you ready to be reborn as a man?”  
“Yes.”  
Then Puksik’al Tok leaned down next to my ear, and with one hand he put a bundle of herbs into my mouth.  “Take many deep breaths,” he said.  “You will be under the longest.”  And so I did this, I prepared myself for the river in this way.  
“Father Sun!” the priest called out.  “Take this boy and give us a man!”  He put his hand on top of my head and pushed me down, and I knelt into the river.  Water washed over my face, and then I was under the surface, and the priest walked past me.  
And this is what happened, under the river:  there was fire in my mouth, from the herb bundle.  The fire burned my cheeks and tongue, the inside of my head lit on fire, my throat and then my chest and then my body caught flame.  There were lights at the corners of my eyes, red and black, white and yellow, green lights were present.  There were stars in my eyes, the Milky Way was there, I opened my lids and saw not water or fishes or the legs of the priest but the night sky filled with stars.  Strange sounds rushed into my ears, men were singing the prayer for the dying boys, their words were like night wind, under the river.  I fell into this wind that rushed past the stars, their little fires were warm but far away, the wind pulled at my arms and legs and hair.  Worries for my brother could not follow me there, fears for my mother’s spirit could not find me, my feet were far above the storyteller’s path and the curse that was devouring my lineage.  I called out prayers for the gods and goddesses, I called out words for ah-K’awil of lineages and ah-Itzamna of medicine and Mother Moon who had guided me to the ancient city in the night.  For Father Sun there were respectful words, only a few because I was just a young man, it is not wise to say too much.  In all those stars there were no spears, no servants of ah-Puch, no Tzak Balam.  Only a small part of me held to those things. So it was that I received mercy at the river ceremony, all my burdens were burned away by the gods themselves, and their ashes fell into my heart to feed the man I would become.    
The priest reached down and tapped me on the back, and I stood and saw the world I knew.  The stars faded, the flames puffed out and left my tongue aching.  Our river glowed with green light as it had for my brother, Father Sun had risen and shown his face on the world for another day.  
“This is the man, Maxam Cab Coh,” said Puksik’al Tok.  Though my legs were now weak I held myself up as well as I could, and my uncle and father nodded to encourage me.  It was difficult to see anything other than them; the world was dark at the edges, and the darkness was filling my eyes.    
The priest raised up the other boys, and when all were seen we pushed through the water to our lineages.  My father and uncle received me, my uncle looked into my face and seemed startled.  His eyes widened, and he said to my father,   
“Get him to his sleeping bench, swiftly.”  For me the world disappeared again. The Milky Way returned, my eyes turned black once more, again came the wind. There were many little soul-fires in the dark sky, I called for Atlata but he was not there.  In the true sky there will come a time when the stars will burn out, the stories say.  Only ah-Puch will remain, he alone will triumph.  
For three days I lay senseless on my sleeping bench, K’aakik’ built a very hot fire in his hut to keep spirits of sickness away from me.  My uncle came but gave no herbs, and the wise-woman was not summoned.  Once I saw my uncle’s face, very near mine; he wanted to know what I had seen and wanted to hear something of the fire the priest had kindled in my mouth.  At the end of three days I became sensible again and woke feeling tired but not weak, it was not like when I had blood-sickness, as a child.  Morning light was coming into the storyteller’s hut, there was a rustling of scorpions in the thatch of our roof.  K’aakik’ was sleeping next to his bench; he had fallen asleep there, and spittle had dried at the side of his mouth in an amusing way.  
This is what occurred to me, right then:  there were people to watch for me, truly I was embraced.  But who watched for Atlatla, even the gods and goddesses seemed to have forgotten my brother.  His name was falling away from the world of the sun, and all I had to offer him were dreams and herb-visions when what he needed was a killer.  So it was that I was reborn into this world, anger and frustration and worry were the awakeners into my life as a man.  
The next day was 14 Ch’en 11 Kan, it was still not my sixteenth birthday, but K’aakik’ and I had a short discussion concerning the storyteller’s path, anyway. 
“Now that you are a man, you can tell stories of our ancestors,” he said.  “Or do you prefer more stories of the gods and goddesses?”  
“There is a story of Father Sun and Mother Moon and ah-Puch at the end of time,” I said.  “I want to learn that one.  Then our ancestors.  Two years of the gods and goddesses was enough, for now.”  
“That is the story of ix-Xul’s vision, the one you mention,” he said.  “Many people don’t want that one told any more, it is so ugly.”  
“But it is simple, and there is a good dance at the end.”  
At this K’aakik’ laughed.  
The story of ix-Xul’s vision is the end of the creation, the snuffing out of the stars and ah-Puch’s final victory.  This was my thought:  I might learn a little about injuring him, by bringing its words into me. 
“Very well,” K’aakik’ said.  “ix-Xul’s vision, and our ancestors, for this year.”  
The day of my sixteenth birthday was 17 Ch’en 1 Manik, and on this day Cab Coh lineage made a small feast for me in our lineage-compound.  There were good things to eat and drink, and I ate well so no one would be offended.  For the first time I felt truly seen by my lineage, I stood as a man and no longer as a boy. The faces of my people were the same that I had always known, but the lines and white hairs were all strong and easy to see.  Nothing was said of the river ceremony or my exhaustion, since many men sleep for two or three days after this event.  When the celebration was over, my uncle said:  
“Come to my hut in two days, there are things to discuss.”  Then he was gone on his way, and my father said he did not know what it was my uncle wanted.  

In the afternoon of 19 Ch’en 3 Muluc, after K’aakik’ and I were finished with harvest for the day, I went to visit my uncle.  Muluc is a time for beginning new things, and though three is an unlucky number, there were three things we needed to discuss, and so he had chosen this day for our conversation.  My aunt served chili-cacao; this was the first time I had this man’s drink, and it burned my mouth and burned my throat and brought fierce heat into my belly.  My uncle smiled to see this, and then he said, 
“Now that you have passed through the river, we can build you a new hut.  Or make a new hearth in your brother’s hut.” 
I did not want my brother’s hut to be burned down; it was all that remained of him, that and my iik-stone.  “Just a hearth, I think.”  
He nodded.  “It can be done in a few days, 7 Ben will be good for the dedication.”  He tapped on his vase for a while and then took a long sip of chili-cacao.  This is the way of men’s talk, it is not like the silly babble of work-fathers and work-sons, when things are often said quickly and without thought.  
“I have spoken with our ancestors.  I have consulted the gods and the goddesses about teaching you divining and the holy day ceremonies,” my uncle said.  “They say you are ready, it is time to begin.”  I would have said, “Very good,” but from his stiffness I knew he was only saying these things because he had to.  He was not pleased with this for some reason, so I only said, “I see.”  
“We can begin on 16 Yax 7 Cimi,” said my uncle.  “It takes years to learn all of the holy day ceremonies, but there are only a few for a young man to know. And of course there is divining.  I will tell you the days you need to come here, and what to bring, and in half a year you should be ready.”  
Now I did say, “Very good.”  And I thought I knew what worried him:  where were the words about my dreams, words about blood-lightning?  These are signs of the daykeeper’s path, these things are always discussed between lineage-shamans and their work-sons before anything is taught.  But my dreams of Tzak Balam and Atlatla could not be spoken of, the only blood-lightning I had felt was in the city of my fathers.  
“If there is blood-lightning for me, I will remember,” I said.  “I will take care to remember my dreams.”  He looked more pleased, then, and he brought out the third thing:  
“Te Ek’ and I have spoken of young women, there are three for you to take dinner with.  All have shown themselves to be clever.  On 4 Zac 2 Ix the first will come here to my hut, and you two can meet.  Koh Chel is her name.”  
“Yes,” I said.  In truth it was nervousness I felt, even though the meetings were to be in my uncle’s familiar hut.  For most young men it is different, their parents meet with the parents of the girl and arrange everything, but this could not occur for the storyteller, from an old lineage.  For me it was the lineage-fathers who spoke, they were the arrangers.  I did not know what sort of women my uncle thought were clever, or what kind of cleverness he meant.  But his face said our conversation was finished, and I left his hut very uncertain of what was to happen.
That night my brother was in my dreams, he was somewhere in the jungle near Chacwitz. He was not seen directly, I only heard him moving on the paths above or below me.  He was growing distant, his whispers were becoming thin and broken, wherever he was he no longer faced me but looked toward somewhere else.  I woke before Father Sun rose and went to Atlatla’s hut, his cleaned-out place that was to be mine, seeking any sign from my brother.  Before the hearth I knelt and listened, but only the insects made sounds, in their hunting-dances.  There were just some old marks on the floor where I had swept out the hut, nothing with meaning awaited me.  
Many thoughts flowed through my head, my heart was pulled toward the mountains and Atlatla, and I did not push these pains away but allowed them to present themselves.  And here is what came from this little bleeding, an idea was born in brother’s blood:  the rains were coming soon, and when the sky was darkened and no one could see me, it was the city I would return to.  Perhaps it was not a spear I needed, perhaps some other tool would break Tzak Balam’s power and release my brother.  Perhaps it was a narrowness in myself that kept me from seeing what my brother truly needed, and it would be better to look with open eyes like a man and not a noisy-headed boy.  Great was my desire to speak with my uncle about this matter, but he could not allow me to walk such a path, I could say nothing.  
A few days later my father and uncle destroyed the hearth in my brother’s hut.  The flat stones were broken to pieces and thrown into the river, and fresh stones were laid down.  On 3 Yax 7 Ben my uncle blessed the new hearth, he poured good liquor onto the stones and said blessings and kindled a new fire.  Again there was a celebration, the seven of us from Cab Coh ate well and commemmorated the new hut.  The lineage I had grown up in seemed small and frail.  All my cousins were gone, five girls grown and given to other lineages, Atlatla burned to ash.  My uncle said a few words about the girls I was to meet, my aunts made some little comments about these meetings as well, and my mother smiled at all the nonsense.  Not a word was said about Atlatla, no one remembered his name out loud.  His hut was my hut now, and as soon as I married I would move into it with my wife, until K’aakik’ ceased being the storyteller and I moved into that hut.  

On the day 16 Yax 7 Cimi I met with my uncle at our lineage-shrine as Father Sun rose, and before those old stones he burned copal incense and sacrificed a turkey in my name.  We bled ourselves, Cab Coh blood fell onto the shrine and the sacrifices, and my uncle prayed in the old words.  So it was that I was presented to our ancestors on this day.  Then my uncle began to teach me to divine and to honor our ancestors and the gods and goddesses in the proper ways.  

4 Zac 2 Ix was the night the girl Koh Chel arrived at my uncle’s hut for dinner, he chose that day because it is a good one for young women.  My mother and father were not there, they did not want too many Cab Coh people with one girl, so it was only my aunt and uncle, and myself, when she came.  This young woman was pretty in a delicate way, it is true that my uncle chose a shining-eyed girl for that meeting, but she was unhappy in the house of my uncle, or very nervous.  When my aunt served squash and roast quail she dropped her bowl, then she laughed uncomfortably over this and flushed red in the face.  My aunt made small comments to her about her fine weaving, and I saw that the girl’s clothing was indeed well-woven, but these compliments were no comfort to her.  She just smoothed her skirt many times and said that she had a clever mother who had shown her how to weave well, and again she turned red, and looked at the fire.  My uncle poured cacao for us, this was not vanilla-cacao or chili-cacao but pure liquid chocolate, very soothing, but poor Koh Chel sloshed her drink on herself anyway and apologized again.  Now she closed her mouth very tightly and put her curled hand to her lips, and she frowned, and then my uncle said a few funny little things about a raccoon that was raiding his maize-house.  This made her laugh, she is a girl whose whole body shakes pleasantly when she laughs, but so nervous was her voice that nothing could be said directly to her afterward.  
Because of this fearfulness in her, there was only a little for me to say.  Every word I spoke caused Koh Chel great torment, she nodded quickly and bowed her head.  Indeed this was the most painful meal I have ever eaten, my aunt served only half of what she cooked and did not bring out the honey bread at the end.  When we were finished, there was a little quiet, and Koh Chel understood that her misery was finished.  My uncle rose, and then all of us, and he placed his hand on her back and led her gently outside.  They spoke for a little while, this time her laughter was not so pained, and then my uncle returned her to her lineage-father. 
That was all for that meeting, when my uncle returned he said, “A little more ripening, for this tender sprout,” and we all laughed.  
My aunt made her own little joke:  “Maybe we should have served liquor?”  
“Well,” my uncle said, “She would be a Cab Coh woman if she married here, so a little more strength would be necessary.”  
That would have been the end of the painful dinner, but three days later K’aakik’ said something to remind me of this again.  
“Now, I don’t want you to worry about this,” were his words to me, as we smoked some smooth tobacco.  “This is not a trouble for you, but maybe there is something you can do.”  
My head was full of the words we had learned for that day and filled with dances and changes of masks, but the way of his voice made me listen carefully.  
“You said the girl you met was named Koh Chel?”  
K’aakik’ did not often speak of things happening in my lineage, since he is not a Cab Coh or a howler monkey, but sometimes he listened to my complaints and made comments to help me see more clearly.  From his careful circling I knew there was some misfortune coming.  
“Yes,” I said.  
“Well,” he said.  He tapped old tobacco out of his pipe and put fresh tobacco in, he nodded to encourage both of us.  “My wife told me she was beaten by her father, he was not pleased about something said by your uncle to her lineage-father.  This is not my concern, but if you see her in the village, you might say something kind.  My wife says she is not a strong girl.”  
These simple words brought into me a fierce frustration, here were the lineage-affairs my brother had spoken of, rising again.  Words said by lineage-fathers became little darts causing injury to those without shields.  Why would a father beat his own daughter for nervousness, how would this make her stronger?  
K’aakik’ looked irritated, he reached around the fire and squeezed my arm hard and said, “Now, don’t look so unhappy.  It is only a word or two you should say, if you see her.  So that she knows the storyteller’s work-son is not angry with her and looking to cause her troubles.”  
“Yes,” I said.  Suddenly I did not want to meet the next girl, I did not want to return to my uncle’s hut for another dinner.  All these years I had lived with K’aakik’ I had hidden behind masks, the village was a distant place outside the storyteller’s hut.  But these girls lived in that place, just a few words from me or my uncle could cause them harm.  There were enough responsibilities resting on me without this extra one, wasn’t there some strong, stupid girl my uncle could find, to cook for me without trouble?  
Because of this conversation some of my brother’s frustrations were clearer, and after K’aakik’ and I went to our sleeping benches I thought for a long time about my responsibilities to my lineage, and to the storyteller, and to these young women I was meeting.  And I ached for my brother, who understood these things so much better than I did, he had faced these dangers that I had hidden from and stood against them with all his strength.  

On 17 Zak 2 Manik there was the second of these dinners.  My uncle chose this day because it is a good day for thinking about and discussing marriages.  Again I was there first, then the girl came to my uncle’s hut.  Ox Tun was this person’s name, she was not fearful at all.  This was a pleasant girl to see, her hair was long and shining and her eyes were dark and shaped in an intriguing way that invited looking at, and she sat with her legs beneath her so that she became very soft and rounded.  There were many dances in her, much shaking and moving, I did not remember her at the celebrations but was sure she was always there.  But here was where her eyes were, as my aunt served her savory clams:  not on my uncle or aunt, not on me.  They were on jade figurines, they were on the tiny jade eyes of my uncle’s ancestor-idols, they were on the pouches of cacao and vanilla and the strings of chilis and the furs that are here and there in my uncle’s hut.  They saw the good woodwork of my uncle’s furnishings, the excellent weavings of my aunt, all these fruits of Cab Coh.  And though Ox Tun smiled often and said pleasing things, though she understood respect, her eyes were hollow when seeing people, she looked through us to our things.  Because of this, our dinner together was a dull one.  After the meal my uncle took this girl to her lineage-father, and when he returned he said, 
“I don’t think she fears whispers of curses.”  
My aunt made a little “hmm” sound, an unpleasant face was her comment, my uncle saw this and became irritable.  “The third girl is coming on 11 Keh 3 Imix,” he said to me.  “You should meet them all before we discuss anything.”  
“Very good,” I said, and when I left my uncle and his wife were looking at each other in a way that said they were going to have discussions of their own.

Harvest was finished during this time of wife-dinners.  The rains began, and the days became dark and wet.  The Chicchans slithered across the clouds and made the sky burn with sheet-lightning, thunder boomed under Father Sun’s face and Mother Moon’s as well.  K’aakik’ enjoyed this time of year most, he often built a pleasant and scented fire and sat listening to the rain fall.  He taught me new words, many were the dance steps I learned, and sometimes we had contests of eating chilis until we wept, or smoked until one of us grew ill and surrendered.  In this way we burned away the last of the boy in me, that stupid little sprout died of amusement in the house of the storyteller.  Though I thought often of going to the city, my brother did not guide me in my dreams, nor did Tzak Balam or camazotz’ trouble me, nor did my ancestors or the gods and goddesses send me blood-lightning or other signs.  Each time I approached the trail to the black road my strength went away, and I returned to the storyteller’s hut in defeat.
On certain holy days I woke early and went to my lineage-shrine and met with my uncle.  As he had promised, he taught me ancestor-prayers and took me through jungle to Cab Coh orchards and fields to introduce me to our shrines there.  Atlatla had once shown me the trail to our father’s milpa, but in all the years I had been in this world I had never seen it for myself.  In the rain the fields were sodden, our milpas were mere mud holes and our empty fruit trees dripped and waited for the return of Father Sun in his strength. Those were strange days of learning, because what I truly wanted was to bring death to Tzak Balam.  Instead there were the teachings of my uncle, in the ways of life, while I dreamed of destruction.
    
Here was the dinner with the third girl, Yax Iik’ was her name, the evening was 3 Mak 2 Ben.  This young woman was taller than the other two girls, and she was not very sturdy; “bony” was the word the storyteller’s wife would have had for her.  Her hair was short and not straight-combed but curly and seemed uncared for.  Only a few young women wear their hair this way, my uncle says girls like this were born on days for men and so will always be like men in their ways.  But here was her face:  Yax Iik had the smooth lines of a woman whose girl-face had grown with her into womanhood instead of burning away into a hard shell as it does for so many women.  This was my thought, when she saw me and smiled a little but turned away:  she was someone who did not make herself visible but satbehind and listened carefully and spoke only when necessary.  There was only one odd thing that I saw, as she sat cross-legged on my aunt’s mat:  her toes were rounded and smooth, no calluses or scars, this girl knew how to walk in the world. 
There are more things to say about Yax Iik’, a little more before the dinner is all.  The skirt of this young woman was not the plain white with a few patterns of color that most unmarried girls wear but already had designs worked into it.  Her lineage marks were along the edges, boldly, and there were a few playful little birds as well.  Yax Iik’ was already becoming a person, on her own, she was not waiting for a husband.  This irritated me a little, she was not acting properly on her path, but it is true that I also wished to speak with her, there were things happening in her head.  
And now that I wanted to talk, this is what happened:  my mouth would not open.  Only imbecile sounds rose in my throat.  Yax Iik’ heard this and was amused, and then my uncle poured heated liquid cacao for us, and my aunt fed us steaming squash and beans and made comments on the good weaving Yax Iik’ wore.  I thought to ask this girl for a chili-eating contest, or to smoke, but these thoughts only disappeared immediately and left me confused.  It was then that I reached into the fruit bowl my aunt had set out for us and brought forth a custard apple, a plump fruit, and I said, “We have several custard apple trees in our orchards, these are late fruits but tasty, anyway.”  
She took it from my fingers and said, “Thank you,” and as she ate it she thrust forward her chin and made a small sound of pleasure, this was something else that was her own way.  And I said, “Very good,” without thinking, and after this we ate and spoke when my uncle or aunt said something.  This quiet with Yax Iik’ was not nervous, we saw each other without things being said.  When our meal was finished my uncle returned this girl to her lineage-compound, and when he came back to his hut he said, 
“I don’t think a mountain of jade is what this girl desires.”  We laughed at this, and I said, 
“She was not nervous, and she weaves well.”  
My uncle drew himself up and said, “Well, think about these three girls and what you learned of them.  You should speak to them again, if you see them in the village.  We’ll talk later.”  
That night I dreamed of a small fire in the hearth of my brother’s hut, and in the large room where life happens, someone I could not see was humming to herself, and weaving something.  

A few days after my dinner with Yax Iik’ the storyteller had news for me, after we had eaten:   
“The mountain storyteller is sending her work-daughter to us soon, they are worried that they are forgetting the proper telling of the story of how Mother Moon was torn in half and her blood created maize.  This young woman is coming to hear it from us.  She also wants to see the river god ceremony, so we need to make a place for her.”  
“She should stay with the wise-woman, shouldn’t she?” I said.  
“The wise-woman says she stays here,” was my work-father’s comment, and I saw the corners of his mouth turned down in an unhappy way.  We had to be very careful with this female guest, only a tiny comment from her could get us both caned, or worse.  So with a reed screen we created a new room in our hut, and we added a sleeping bench and blankets and a wash basin, and K’aakik’ arranged with his lineage for excellent food and drink to be provided.  
There were many things I was thinking about as we created our guest’s place, these thoughts pulled this way and that:  the three dinners and the decision I now had to make, whispers from my fading brother, the weaving of the stories I was learning, the delicacy of the divination path my uncle was teaching me, the destruction of Tzak Balam.  The visit of the mountain storyteller’s work-daughter brought much nervouness, my brother’s words kept returning about struggles between my mother’s lineage and the women of power of Chacwitz.  Troubles were coming, my brother said that dangers from the mountains would be pretty, and poisonous.  But in the days before this person arrived there were no dreams for me, no blood-lightning, no signs.  

13 Mak 12 Akbal was the day of the arrival of the mountain woman, K’aakik’ had known for some time she was coming but for me she was almost a surprise.  Tijun was this woman’s name, she came to our village with traders who were bringing interesting things for the river god ceremony.  K’aakik’ and I went to meet her when they came over the river, and it is true that when I saw her step from the canoe my heart beat much faster.  Tijun was a young mountain woman: she was taller than valley women and had long legs and high travelling sandals of patterned leather.  Slenderness is the way of mountain women, this one also had long black hair and very bright eyes.  Her clothing was dark, Chacwitz people do not like bright colors except on their hems.  Here was Tijun when she came closer: she was sweaty and dust-streaked, there were little bits of leaf and moss and tiny twigs on her from her journey through the jungle.  Sixteen was her age, or seventeen; her face was too soft for more years than that.  Tijun was the first truly beautiful woman I had seen, beautiful was her face and her form and her walking all together, and when she stepped up to K’aakik’ and myself there was a very pleasing scent as well.  It was difficult to remember she was a storyteller, if not for the warnings of my brother I would have been careless around this person. 
“I am K’aakik’, the storyteller, and this is my work-son, Maxam,” my work-father said, and he gave the mountain woman a small bundle of tasty gifts.  
She made a little nod to us.  “I am Tijun, work-daughter of Waxaklahun Ha’, storyteller of Chacwitz,” she said.  Her voice was a rich storytelling voice, it was smoke rolling from a warm heat somewhere inside her and immediately caught the ear of my work-father as well as myself.  “It is an honor to meet you.”  And in her turn she gave us a bundle of good things from the mountains, this she handed to K’aakik’.  Then she went to meet the wise-woman and some women she knew from her own village, we left her to find her way to our hut when she was finished with these affairs and ready for something to eat.  

Tijun stayed in the storyteller’s hut for three days, in truth she spent much more time visiting other women than demanding that K’aakik’ and I keep her amused.  She ate with us and smoked with us a little, there is gentle tobacco for women, and we did not smoke our men’s tobacco when she was there.  Though Tijun was just a work-daughter, it was K’aakik’ who told the story she had come to hear, and she listened with care and nodded often.  When he was finished, she told the same story to us, and when she told it, the words were the same.  Whatever errors she feared, she must have corrected in her head, Tijun was a dutiful storyteller. There was surprising pleasure for me in listening to her speak:  there are no women storytellers in the valley, and hearing the familiar words in this pleasant voice was different indeed.  In the valley the storyteller’s voice should sound like the river, we step back and bring yesterday into today, but Tijun spoke over yesterday with the smiling face of what is right now.  In her telling the gods and goddesses did this and that long ago, wasn’t it all very interesting, but here is what we should learn from this, today.  And this was done without changing a word of the old story, it was accomplished by little movements of Tijun’s body and face that made us look at her first and listen, second.  To me the mountain way was a strange way of telling stories, it was a lie that placed the storyteller between the old words and the listeners and pushed our ancestors into the dark.  
On her second day with us, K’aakik’ showed Tijun the masks, and she told us that in the mountains people sit as we do in the valley, but there are no masks or dances, only voices, and listeners can make much noise as the story-people live their lives.  So the three of us spoke of the storyteller’s path, and the usefulness of masks, and how to make voices for people and animals, ancestors and gods.  All of this was very interesting, Tijun was clearly used to looking behind things as well as at them.  Many times I reminded myself of my brother’s words, so every time I saw Tijun glance at me, I wondered what poisons she carried in her being.  
On 15 Mak 1 Chicchan there was a festival day for the river god, the morning was celebrated by women while the men and boys stayed inside, and the afternoon was celebrated by everyone.  This is because long ago the river was only water, it held no life within itself until a young goddess bled into it for her first time, and from this itz and mud and water, the river god was formed.  Tijun went to the women’s celebration, and later K’aakik’ and I joined her in the village center for the feast and the dances.  There were many good things to eat, we all feasted well, and Tijun joined many other people in tossing white flowers into the river.  All day people made these sacrifices to the river god, endless white flowers and tiny canoes filled with honey to keep safe the souls of their family members who were taken by the river spirits and to secure plentiful crayfish and fishes and turtles for the stewpots.  Many people approached Tijun to speak with her; powerful men came just for a few words, young men came to pester her, valley women came to talk about life in the mountains and in the valley.  
The river god’s day was a sideways one for me; though I ate plenty and spoke with howler monkey people about the celebration, my brother was never far away, he seemed to stand near the place where he had become a man.  All the other people became distant, my mother and father seemed like dream-people, even though K’aakik’ was only a few steps away he gave off no heat or scent.  Even Tijun looked like a shadow, pecked by the hungry birds of my village.  Atlatla was neither seen nor heard, but all that day he was only a few steps from me.  

The next morning was 16 Mak 2 Cimi, it was a day for ancestors and the dead.  The traders were to rise early that day and begin their journey back to the mountains, but before they could come for Tijun, she woke me and had me come behind the screen to her part of our hut.  
“I hoped to speak with you before this,” were her words to me, she whispered because K’aakik’ was only a few steps from us, sleeping.  “But they are always near, I have not been able to say anything.”  
And now I felt my brother step up to me in a little puff of cool air, it was a Cimi day and he was right behind me, my skin prickled in an unpleasant way at his breath on the back of my neck. 
“Who is always near?” I said, but she ignored this.  Her eyes were like my brother’s when he came down from the mountains, it was a similar fire, a great anger was in her. 
“I promised your mother’s people I would tell you this, and so here it is:  when your brother was in the mountains he loved a young woman, he met her in my village, they would probably have married, in time.  She was three years older than he was, they met when your handsome brother was thirteen.”  She looked at me with her fierce eyes, I could not look into her face but could only hear her words. “Your priest comes to the mountains sometimes, there are ceremonies he performs at your village’s shrines up there.  He took your brother’s woman by force, claiming an old privilege of priests since the beginning of time.  After this your brother could not marry her, in their shame.  Are you hearing me?”  
In truth I could not hear her, there was a great roaring in my head.  Things my brother said made more sense, the looks he sometimes had and the way he was when he returned from Chacwitz became clearer.  
Tijun seized my arm, her fingers went all the way to the bone, and she said, “This was an insult to our village as well, do you understand?  It was because your brother was disrespectful toward him in the past that your priest chose his woman to take, that is what my people think.  But he would have chosen another if not her, this was a slight to our powerful women as much as to your brother. It is an old dance of respect and disrespect that has been going many generations—”  
The roaring filled my head, the rest of Tijun’s words could not be heard.  The stories I had so carefully learned flew to pieces, years of learning broke apart, the young woman Yax Iik’ of the third dinner fell away from me and was gone.  And now blood-lightning exploded in my body, my veins filled with heat.  I threw off Tijun’s arm and struck her away, there was a very ugly sound from her breaking face, she fell on her sleeping bench and wept.  
“And now I have done what I promised to do,” were her words, and she buried her face in blankets, and her body shook with misery.  
Because of all the crackling in my blood I could not think, all my Cab Coh ancestors were enraged and crying out and urging me to move.  This is what I did:  I went from the storyteller’s hut, a light rain was falling, in the north the Chicchans were making much thunder.  I stood in those droplets and turned this way and that, the rage of the dead pushed and pulled and howled at me, then the blood-lightning propelled me onto the trail and beyond that the road.  This time there was no stopping for my ancestor on the standing stone, I walked across the faces of the seated men on the round stone, I came into the city as Father Sun rose and all the animals cried out their greetings to him.  I staggered where the blood-lightning forced me, all that morning I went here and there in the city, up the dead temples and into fallen palaces.  Stones tumbled in every direction under my feet. The scorpions ran away from me, the snakes fled, raccoons and peccaries and tapirs trotted into the bushes.  I kicked through rotting houses, ran through lineage-compounds, climbed over broken pyramid-mountains.  There were roots and vines and branches and thorns and wasps; none of these received any respect.  Many times I was scraped and torn, many times I fell and picked myself up and went on. At every lineage-shrine I stopped and stared at the broken and rotting bones, and the blood-lightning eased a little and then erupted again.  There were picture-words carved into these shrines, our ancestors marked their houses for their dead, there were many many lineage signs but never Cab Coh.  
When Father Sun was high I found the place my ancestors were pushing me to, it was a great lineage-shrine.  And it was broken into, someone had torn away blocks from one side and tunneled into the soft earth.  Into that tunnel I went, there was no removal of clothing and no thinking but only crawling and cursing at the children of ix-Ai who clambered across my fingers.  There was light in there, the tunnel ceiling had fallen in a few places and made little cracks that went all the way up and opened to the sky.  In that weak and dribbling grey I crept forward into the center of the shrine.  The fresh-mud tunnel came into an ancient stone room, I could not stand but could only crouch in that place, seven very low tunnels went away from this center.  The city-men had made seven burials in the shrine, each sleeper had their own chamber. Here was the smell of that central room, not an old stink but strangely new:  copal incense and burnt blood, cedar chips and bubbled pine pitch.  The soot of these sacrifices was all over the ceiling, the burnings were fresh and not ancient.  
I was not allowed to think, the blood-lightning of my ancestors moved me, the noises in my head were like four thousand drunken musicians playing.  And I went into the first stone tunnel, here was only one crack and very little light, so that I wrapped my face in spider-silk and had to spit out the crawler.  A rotting bed of reeds was at the end of the tunnel, in a tiny stone room there was a bed of reeds only a few years old.  This room was also too low to stand, it reeked of death and copal incense and pitch.  On the reed bed was a small skeleton, a child’s bones, and over their face was a wooden mask with bits of shell and jade and gold inlaid into it.  Here were the picture-words carved into the wood, they were a girl:  Chel Can-na was the name.   
And now I went into another tunnel, I crawled like an animal so fast that my shoulders were ripped against the stone walls, my head cracked on the ceiling several times and opened for precious itz to pour out.  The second tunnel ended in another low room reeking of copal and pine pitch, a second reed bed was there.  The bones were an old man, his mask was rotting and his name unreadable.  And I went into the other rooms, there were six skeletons in that place, each bore a mask with a name.  All of the people killed by Tzak Balam were there, they lay on rotting reed beds with their arms folded over them, their masks proclaimed their names and lineages.  Atlatla was one of these, there were his bones and his face, in wood, here was why his soul could not go on to the garden of the gods.  His bones were never burned, he was trapped on the reed bed that someone had made for those destroyed by the spirit jaguar.  Only one room was not used, there was a new reed bed but no one on it yet, sitting next to it were bundles of copal incense and pine pitch and flint for sparking.  And in this room was one more small object, it was the figurine of a jaguar made of a very hard black stone; it was sitting in the center of the reed bed with its tail curled around itself, waiting to be called.  
I think I began to cry out then, there were animal noises of fear that came from me.  This was an ancient thing I was seeing, something evil that should have died in the time of the cities.  Strong priests could take the shape of jaguars, in this way they could better serve Father Sun, and strong sorcerors could summon black spirit-jaguars created by ah-Puch at the beginning of time.  But ah-Puch does not give away this power, the sorceror has to commit murders to gain such strength.  And I understood the meaning of that place, then, I knew Tzak Balam’s true face.  
This was me seizing the black jaguar figurine and then crawling and slithering in the mud to escape the crypt.  In the room at the center of the seven chambers there was a last jerk of blood-lightning in my calves that pulled me down onto my face. And there they were, seven drops of amber lay in the remains of a small fire. They had melted and become teardrops.  There was no ash on them, no charcoal was in them though they had melted in flames and lay in char.  Those seven drops were very hot in my hand, perhaps they had swallowed the fire that formed them and thus were not destroyed.  It was these I clutched when I left that place, I came out of the tunnel as Father Sun was beginning to sink into the underworld.  Much time had passed for me with my brother, I had wept over his bones for a long time and made stupid sounds of longing.  Atlatla was an angry person all his life but not wicked, he never deserved to be murdered.  
The jungle was very green, my eyes filled with river-tree green, and bones, and ash.  Slivers of twilight shone into me as I raced through the jungle, the seven tears in my hand burned.  Blood-lightning exploded, it would not stop though I was exhausted and sickened and frightened; my ancestors whipped me with their desire to end these murders.  Only the talismans in my neck-pouch saved me from falling and bursting my head on some stone.  The rain fell harder, and the jungle hissed and popped.  There was no lightning to illuminate the trail; all the thunder was in the northern mountains, over the dead city up there.  My feet made their own way, my toes dug new channels on the old path.   
 When I came to our village there was a meeting in the mat house, the voices of many men were coming from that place.  I did not stop, or think.  It was into the mat house I went, I was not properly dressed and said no prayer when I entered, I rubbed my charm-pouch and threw open the cloth doorway and was in.  There sat the powerful men on their mats, forty was their number, sixty was their number, they sat in a circle around a large fire loudly discussing some thing.  All those men turned when I entered, they were not angry but amazed, immediately I saw the face of the priest and the knowledge that came into his eyes.  I would have feared to stand before those men, but my ancestors would not allow fear, would not allow anything but going into the center of their circle.  
“In the ancient city is a seven-roomed tomb,” I said to the caçique and the powerful men.  “My ancestors led me there.  Six dead people lay on reed beds in that place, they are the dead of Tzak Balam.  They were killed by this priest, who is also a sorceror. Puksik’al Tok serves ah-Puch.”  
And I dropped the black jaguar figurine before the caçique, it lay there as the men stared.  The amber droplets in my hand seared me, and I hurled them at Puksik’al Tok.  The tiny sunbursts hit him in the face and bounced off, they left fiery wounds where they struck.  No words were spoken, all those men were shocked and gaping.  Even the caçique in his great strength only stepped backward and away.  Thirteen steps were what I counted to reach the priest, he started to rise and I struck him in the forehead with my palm; there was a meaty sound from deep inside his neck, and he thumped back onto his mat and pissed himself in his dying. I reached then and wrenched away the sign of his office, the crocodile figurine on its necklace was what I claimed.  His belt with its pouches was also grabbed, these two things I took when I bowed to those shocked men and turned to leave.  
It was then that I saw the thing I had dreamed of, my brother’s salvation had been only fifty paces from the storyteller’s hut, all along.  On the walls of the mat house were ancient objects, from the city; hanging on the western wall was a war-spear.  And this is the form of such weapons:  they are very long and thick-shafted, the hide of balam the jaguar covers part of the wood.  The tip of this spear was leaf-shaped black obsidian, it had never killed a peccary or a puma or a tapir but only men.  I went and seized that thing as well, there was a cry from several men when I claimed it, but I raised it against them, and they did not try to retrieve it.  
Then it was back into the rain, back into the village and spinning delirium.  It was the will of my ancestors that K’aakik’ and my uncle were not in the mat house, and so none who were close to me bore witness to any of these things I did. 
A last flicker of lightning in my blood was what forced me from my home into the jungle, I was obliged to leave that place where my heart lived.  It was my mother I was abandoning, with fresh sorrows, and my uncle, who had nothing left to fight for, and my drunken father, with no more sons.  It was my work-father and his storytelling I would hear no more of, my life with the girl Yax Iik’ was only a sprout that withered and died before it could grow.  The storyteller’s hut was in sight, and smoke rose from the hole in the roof.  Then I was entering the black road of the west and leaving behind the life I had had.  That night I slept in the tomb with my brother, I lay in that reeking place with the spear and the priest’s things, and though it was cold, there was comfort from Atlatla’s presence in that place.  
The next day was 17 Mak 3 Manik, it was a day of much thunder and rain, and on this day I went to the center of the city and climbed the pyramid-mountain of ah-Puch.  At the top of that place was his temple, and his altar, and upon this I placed the priest’s pouches, and his necklace.  With a stone I smashed the jade crocodile; Puksik’al Tok was finished, the way of Tzak Balam was over.  And then I snapped the war-spear into pieces and threw them on the altar as well.  It was a strong thing not easily broken, great were the aches in my muscles, afterwards.  The people who told me that words were the better way were correct, there is nothing in killing but cold and endless aloneless.  
For many days after this I was fevered and babbling.  There are small huts men make in the farthest milpas, and in one of these I found a store of dried fruit, and blankets, and a tiny hearth with some wood.  These things saved me from death, there was nothing for me but what my ancestors wanted, what the gods and goddesses wanted.  They alone saved me from destruction, after what I did.
ix-Xul’s Vision

In the early days of the creation Father Sun and Mother Moon held great feasts in their palace, so that the gods and goddesses would come to know each other's faces and ways.  All of them came to the feasts—the children of Mother Moon and Father Sun, and all those who came from the world directions and the places of strength, and all those who rose from the stuff of the creation.  They played ball in the ballcourts by the palace, and they danced, and they played music.  They enjoyed juicy tamales and frothing cacao and sweet fruits while they spoke of our ancestors and the wickedness of ah-Puch.  
At one of these feasts, Father Sun was watching one of the young goddesses.  She was new in the garden of the gods, she had just come from the north and was not yet known to him.  ix-Xul was her name, she was a time-bearer for one of the months.  Sitting up tall and straight was her way, she never spoke quickly but always thought a little about what was said.  And this was her face:  it was smooth, and pretty, there was more than one young god who came to speak with her.  She would not be unknown for long.  
Father Sun was thinking about something he had heard, something his wife had said.  In truth there was a burden on his heart.  He set down his drinking mug and said to her,  
"ix-Xul.  I have heard that the future is known to you, you dream of what will come.  If that is true, I have a question."  He did not say this loudly, it was only the two of them talking, but when Father Sun spoke to anyone, many others stopped to listen.  
ix-Xul looked upon Father Sun, she contemplated him for a few heartbeats, and then she said, "I have learned a little."  
"Very well," said Father Sun.  "You have heard of my brother, ah-Puch, and his attacks on my children in the world below.  Tell me, will there be a day when he succeeds?  Will he destroy the creation, or will he be defeated and made small?"  
Now all the others seated on their mats became quiet.  There was only sipping, only nibbling.  This question concerned everyone.  The color rose to ix-Xul's face.  
"I have seen some things, in dreams."  
"Tell us a little, then."  
So the goddess looked at her mat and considered what was to be said, and these were her words:  "At the end of time all the lands of the world below are filled with your children.  They are in the north, they have claimed the south, they are strong in the east and in the center.  Only the west is not settled, only where your brother is strongest are there no people.  But that must change.  There are too many villages, and some people must go into the west.   Four hundred four hundreds are the number of people who walk the great black road.  The cacique of those people is Kin K'akmo; he is their lord.  The high priest of the walking people is Chac K'awil; he is your voice and carries your heat.  Those people pass into the mountains, and at the end of the road their journey begins.  
"Here is the name of the first place they come to, the valley Iikna.  They lose their blankets there, they have to chase all over to catch their blowing things, and so they move on.  Koot is the next valley they find, there are stone walls going up the sides of mountains, but no one has tended them for a long time.  No one is there to greet the travellers, and they just leave that silent place.  At a great rock called Ichpax the travellers stop to rest, but the spirits of the rock beat on their heads day and night until they leave.  Then the travellers come to Butzlum, where steam rises from the ground, but the heat is too great, and no one can stay there.  At Maxlum many things disappear, someone snatches away necklaces and earrings, and everyone flees.  Below the huge stone called Tunai the people plant fields, but the maize is eaten by insects, there are too many bugs for people to live safely.  Now the travellers come to Wihnal, where their bellies rumble all the time, and they must move on.  Those are hard times for your children, they are tired and hungry, it is only the strength of Kin K'akmo and Chac K'awil that sustains them.  
"Now they come to a great field with a single tree growing in it, that place is called Xinanche, where the thin branches lash at the people.  That tree moves even when there is no wind, its branches raise welts and make the people afraid to stay.  They go on to Tikinna, where their mouths glue shut for thirst and their feet kick up so much dust they cough all the time.  Tikinna is that place.  After that there is a mesa with many sinkholes, Celsonot is its name, but people get sick from frozen stomachs.  The water there cannot be warmed even when boiled.  In the forested valley called Cahel Pech there is good soil and many fruit trees but countless ticks; the people are nearly sucked dry.  At Asluum there is no soil, only stony bumps.  At the tall rock called Hopb'al no one can strike a spark.  There is no fire in that place.  In the valley of K'ohan Ceh there are many deer, but they are all sickly and weak.  Something makes bloody wounds on their bodies but does not kill them, and the walking people leave before that happens to them, too.  
"They arrive at the ruins of a great city, that is K'obenpuch, where the men want to settle but the women do not.  Many fights are had there, until the leaders make everyone leave.  In the valley of Tuchnal great explosions of gas come from holes in the stones, it is a reeking place where no one could live.  Now your children grow weary, Father Sun, they stumble past the great waterfall at Aakanha, where strange voices cry out in the ears of sleepers.  They cannot stay either at Tsutzlum, where the sands are too soft for building.  At Canwitz the great sky serpent, Ek Chicchan, slithers over the mountains and makes such thunder that the people scream and run away.  And so at last they come to the valley T'abnal, where their sparks strike properly and their maize grows well."  
Now ix-Xul took a drink, she emptied her cup and set it down.  
"That is all very interesting," said Father Sun.  "But does my brother destroy them?"  
"This is a four-layered vision," said ix-Xul.  "I cannot go directly to its end."  
"Well," said Mother Moon, "What happens to them at T'abnal?  It sounds like a good place."  
Father Sun looked at his wife; it was clear he just wanted his question answered, but it seemed he was alone in this desire.  He said nothing, and ix-Xul continued.  Her words were heard.  
"A man comes to T'abnal, he is a tall man and very strong.  He comes from the west to speak with the lord Kin K’akmo and the high priest Chac K'awil.  
"'I am the descendent of the first people who came here,' he said to those lords.  'You have seen the walls my people made, the old city we built.'  
"'What is your name?' says the cacique Kin K’akmo.  
"'I no longer remember,' says the man from the west.  'My people have been gone a long time, I have almost forgotten how to speak.  You are welcome to these lands, no one will claim them.'  
"'Well, you can join us, if you are willing to work, to farm,' says cacique Kin K'akmo.  
"'Oh, I have my own milpa, far away.  I cannot abandon my lands,' says the nameless man.  'My ancestors are buried there.'  He lowers his head and leaves the lords, he returns to the west.  
"In truth everything he says is lies.  He is a servant of ah-Puch who has come to spy upon your children, Father Sun.  He has no lands in the west, his true home is a cave with many other people who chose ah-Puch's path.  He came to the western city to learn who the powerful men were, it was their strength he was observing.  Then he went to tell his lords what he had seen.  
"And here is the building of the great western city:  the houses are raised up first, on their platforms.  Each family builds their house, each lineage makes its compound.  The jungle fields are burned clear, the mountainsides are built up with walls to make growing places.  Then come the granaries for maize, and then the palaces and the pyramid-mountains and the temples with their smoking incensarios.  Four hundred temples are built, our names are chanted day and night by the priests.  Your children labor very hard, and their fields fill with plump maize, and they are content in their new city.  All this time the children of ah-Puch are watching and laughing, they are dancing in their cave, thinking of the wickedness that is to come.  
"And this is the beginning of suffering for your children:  thieves take their maize.  Many ears are taken, many baskets of seeds are taken, right from the fields.  Jade is stolen from the houses, ten-generation jades disappear.  Wedding gifts are stolen.  Cacao pods are stolen.  This is the time of false accusations, of beaten wives.  Many eyes are blackened, many people are wrongly hanged.  The lords of the city are stung with evil dreams.  They cannot restore order.  Their heads hurt all the time.  It is ah-Puch's sorcerors who do this.  It is the power of the night."  
Now ix-Xul was interrupted by ah-Itzamna, that wise old god.  "And what are we doing, all this time?  Are we not helping drive those evil ones from the west?"  
ix-Xul was careful of her words; she did not know these older gods, and she did not want to say anything foolish.  "We are old," she said.  "The world at the end of time is filled with people raising their voices to us, and there is only one city in the west.  We lend them some strength, but the rest of the burden falls on them.  It is their warriors who must hunt the thieves."  
"Well, what is their fate?" said Father Sun.  He waved a little for her to tell her story and for the other gods to stop asking questions.  
"This is what happens in the west," said ix-Xul.  "In this time of pain the deceiver returns to their city, but he does not look the same.  He is dressed in the skins of coh the puma; he bears the staff of a priest.  He has changed his face and his ways, but it is the same wicked servant who came the first time.  He is received as a wandering wise man, he claims to be a chilam balam, a speaker of prophecy.  
"'I have cast light-stones and devoured the skins of toads,' says the deceiver to Kin K'akmo and Chac K'awil.  'I have prayed for many days and fed a thousand balls of incense to the sacred flames.  It grieves my heart to say what has been shown to me in my visions, but those above force me to come here and speak.'  
"'Bring forth your words,' says cacique Kin K'akmo.  'We have strength to hear them.'  
The false priest bows his head and pretends humility before those lords.  
"'There are corruptions in your midst,' says the liar.  'There are those who pretend to give faith to the people, but they are secretly in the service of the night.  Ask yourself, cacique Kin K'akmo, why the gods have not heard your prayers.  Ask yourself why you are left to suffer the torments of ah-Puch's servants, when you are never forgetful in your sacrifices.'  
"The high priest Chac K'awil feels a shadow coming, but he cannot see it clearly.  He is exhausted by the evil dreams ah-Puch's sorcerors send against him.  'The gods and goddesses do hear our prayers,' he says.  'If they were not giving us strength, ah-Puch's servants would have defeated us already.  Who are you, what are these words?'  
"The deceiver laughs and shakes his head, he pretends to be amazed.  
"'It is said that the skin of balam can show a sign of the truth,' he says.  'In the beginning all jaguars were black, like their father ah-Puch.  It was the touch of other gods that added more colors.  But the skin of balam is always black near his father's children.'  The liar sets down his carrying net and pulls forth a skin.  It is a false skin, not a jaguar at all but some creature of ah-Puch's that looks like a jaguar, and when the deceiver draws it onto his own back, the skin keeps its three colors.  
"'Here it is,' says the deceiver to the high priest.  Chac K'awil takes the false fur, he is not afraid.  He places it onto his back, and immediately the yellow and the white disappear.  The spots grow to cover everything.  The high priest cannot speak, he is so angered at this deception.  
"'Now you see how it is, cacique Kin K'akmo,' says the liar.   
"But the cacique of the western people is no fool.  He knows ah-Puch's servants have many tricks.  'I have never heard of balam's coat acting in this way,' he says.  'And your face is not known to us.  Why should we trust this strange magic you bring into our city?'  
"The deceiver lowers his face, he does not know what to do.  The failure of his trick is a blow to him, even his bent tongue is stilled.  Then his lord places seeds into his head, they are seeds of evil ideas, and immediately he says, 'I am only a servant, speaking of things I have seen in dreams.  If this pelt is ugly to you, cast it into the fire.  There is an older way to test men.  There is the language of Tula, the stutterings of the ancient ones.  Perhaps this is more acceptable, to demonstrate the truth of my words?'  
"'Yes,' says the high priest to cacique Kin K'akmo.  He is hot to prove himself against this false prophet.  'Let him choose any ten priests in this city, and have them prepare their riddles for tomorrow.  I will answer them all, you will see.'  
"'Very well,' says Kin K'akmo.  'If you answer the riddles falsely, you must die by decapitation.  If your answers are correct, it is this prophet who is false, and it is he who shall die under the axe.'  
"'As it must be,' says the deceiver.  He goes out of the mat house and selects ten priests from the city, it does not matter which ones.  He will cheat at this riddle contest, he chooses honest men because it is for nothing.  In the night he kills one of the priests and skins him, and in the morning he comes to the mat house wearing the skin of the dead man.  No one knows it is the deceiver, his disguise is complete.  In the mat house he says, 
"'Our guest the chilam balam is sickly today and resting.  He said that he trusts our cacique to ensure a proper contest, he will not argue the results.'  
"'Ask your riddles, then," says Kin K'akmo.  
"The high priest Chac K'awil stands in the center of the mat house, the ten priests are seated on their mats in a half-circle around him.  The deceiver is the ninth priest, and so he is silent while the others take their turns.  
"The first priest seems nervous and says his riddle very quickly:  
'Bring me three handfuls of pebbles,
plucked from the ground.  
I desire to eat them, to drink them,
in the form of a cloud.'
"Chac K'awil says, 'You desire ground-up maize kernals and a little water, whipped into frothing atole,' and the first priest is satisfied.
"The second priest also speaks quickly.  He does not look at the high priest when he says:  
'Give me twenty slashes across my forehead,
It is the breath on the eyes of infants, 
that shall blow my hair back.'
"The high priest says, 'Twenty red feathers from the scarlet macaw would make a fine headdress, indeed.'  That is the correct answer and the end of this riddle.  
"The third priest looks hard at the high priest, truly this man loves difficult riddles:  
'I crave fifty babies tightly curled,
fresh from the wombs of their mothers.
Be sure all will fit in your two cupped hands.'
"Chac K'awil says, 'Fifty tiny white flowers from the world tree are what you name.'  And so the third priest is defeated.  
"The fourth priest is a friend to Chac K'awil, but he pretends to not know him when he says:  
'It is the placenta of the sky I desire.
Don't forget its cord!'  
"'It is a lump of sap from the copal tree you wish for, with the dripping-trail.  You will burn it as incense.'  Those are the words of high priest Chac K'awil, and the riddle is answered.  
"The fifth priest spits out his words, he is hard to understand.  It is not clear why he is mumbly-mouthed:  
'Bust out the old man's teeth and bring them to me.
Don't neglect the tooth worm burrowing through them,
bring them all together.'  
"The high priest smiles.  'Jade beads are what you desire, and a string to thread them on.'    The fifth priest nods, and the riddle game goes on.  
"The sixth priest raises his arm and says in a loud voice:  
'Bring me the sun blazing!
Bring me the touch of the moon!
Bring me droplets of the night,
for my ankles are cold.'  
"High priest Chac K'awil makes a sound, it is 'tsk, tsk,' and he shakes his head.  'And just yesterday I held the pelt of a jaguar, from which to make high-backed sandals for you,' he says, and the riddle is finished.  
"Here is priest seven, he knows he is not clever enough to trap the high priest, but he says his riddle anyway:  
'Go and get me your priestly loincloth,
that I may sniff its odor
alongside my own wide-spread loin cloth,
and breathe in the scent at the center of the sky.'  
"The faces of the other priests are shocked, no one has heard this one before.  'I have never been asked for my divining cloth in such a way,' says the high priest.  'You want to smell it and be certain I have been dutiful in burning incense.'  And the seventh priest is defeated.  
"The eighth priest also is a friend of the high priest's, and here is his riddle:  
'It is the breath of the swamp I desire,
stuffed with my head, under my head,
wrapped with the touch of my wife's spider-hand.'  
"'It is a pillow of your wife's weaving you ask for, stuffed with hanging tree-moss and your own hair.'  So the riddle game leaves the eighth priest and goes to the ninth, who in truth is ah-Puch's servant, the deceiver.  
'Bring me the head of your son.
Strangle him and cut off his head
that I may laugh at his tongue sticking out.'  
"There is no riddle here, it is only an ugly command that is given.  The high priest stares hard at the ninth priest, but he cannot see the deceiver in the dead man's skin.  ah-Puch has clouded his vision, and the high priest can only admit that he cannot answer the riddle.  
"The cacique is very unhappy, the priests are miserable as well, but there is nothing they can do.  The cacique has already spoken on this matter, he has been heard by many people.  There remains only the destruction, and it is swift.  There is a warrior whose duty is to decapitate sacrifices, and this man does the cutting of high priest Chac K’awil’s head.  So your voice in the west is silenced, Father Sun.  In this way your brother moves against you."  
ix-Xul had to rest for a moment, she had to have a little honey-water for her voice.  
"And all of this you have seen?" said ah-Itzamna.  "In dreams this has appeared to you?"  
"In dreams, and in the smoke of burning mushrooms," said ix-Xul.  "I can show you how this is done, how sight is achieved."  
"You were speaking of my brother," said Father Sun.  
"It is the death of the high priest Chac K’awil that opens the way for your brother to make himself known among your children," said ix-Xul.  "This is what I have come to know, Kinich Ahaw:  with Chac K’awil killed, the deceiver leaves the mat house.  He goes back to his master, who will suckle him on blood for his reward.  
"Now comes the death of the western city, it takes three days and three nights only for your brother's servants to destroy it.  There is no high priest to lead the other priests.  There is no strongest voice to organize the others.  The sorcerors of the night crush the heads of the people with evil dreams. Thieves steal incense and family relics from the shrines, so that the hearts of the people are severed.  ah-Puch's children attack the wood gatherers and herbalists in the forest, no one is safe.  Vidaz stings the priests, fer-de-lances come down from the ceiling thatch and up from the floor cracks.  The spirits of disease bring burning fever to the little ones.  It is the time of weeping, the time of cowering.    
"On the third day the cacique Kin K’akmo is killed by lords who have chosen your brother's path.  ah-Puch promises them great power if they overthrow your strong cacique.  He is felled by a club, his head is broken open.  And the murderers become the ruling lords, and our temples are torn down, and new temples are raised to your brother.  
"Here is the beginning of screaming sacrifice, of people dragged to the altars and cut apart.  Now begins the days of burning coals dumped onto bellies, and strangulation.  All those who serve us are slashed, their lives end on the altar.  The stairs of ah-Puch's temples are washed in blood, painted in blood.  His temples cannot be seen for the clouds of flies that surround them.  Darkness comes to the western city, and there is never again light in that place."  
"And are we too old to stop this destruction?" said Mother Moon.  
"There is suffering everywhere in those last days," said ix-Xul.  "The cries of the western people are heard too late.  There may be others who know what happens in that place after the darkness comes, but I do not."  
Father Sun was greatly irritated.  He had listened to many words but had not gained what he wanted.  "How many layers of your four-layered story is that?" were his words to ix-Xul.  
The young goddess looked at the floor with her face on fire, the heat rose to her cheeks and forehead.  "All these things I have spoken of have been seen very clearly," said ix-Xul.  "They were my own dreams, my own visions, in my mind.  Not so long ago I performed a serpent ceremony, to gain more wisdom.  It was the blooded smoke-serpent I summoned, in the north.  It came from a red-jeweled cloud and brought with it glimpses of the last days of your creation."  
"Why would you ask for that knowledge?" were the sharp words of ah-Itzamna.  
"I wanted to know how this place would end, before I left the north to come here," she said.  
Maybe it was respect Lord Medicine felt, for he let her go.  He sat back, and ix-Xul said,  
"The people of Xibalba come forth from the caves, I see their shadows under the moon.  There are murderers, liars, men who marry their own sisters.  There are women who copulate with animals, it is true.  They bring out their deer and tapirs, they hold their dogs too close.  There are robbers with long clubs of hard wood.  There are spirits of darkness, spirits of swamps, spirits of forgotten shrines and places of wrongful death.  Four thousand mud men come out of the cenotes, their steps make the earth shake.  There are twenty thousand stick people from the second creation, they are stupid and set themselves on fire.  And at last come the lords of the night, the nine walk in all the corners of the west, nothing will escape their darts and poisons.  
"This is the end of the west, of all the villages and towns that grew up there after the making of the western city:  the people are buried in mud, burned by fire, stuck with darts.  There comes the seizure-touch of spirits.  There comes sudden death.  The acantuns are smashed, the family shrines are thrown over.  Mud men smother the warriors and the lords.  Stick men set the houses on fire, they burn the priests.  All the villages are destroyed.  The west is made small.  
"In the north, in the south, in the center, in the east, the priests know what has happened, from their dreams.  They burn great mounds of incense, their sweet smoke rises to our garden.  Forty thousand herbs are picked and dried and powdered.  The priests practice their dancing.  The warriors take up their darts.  Then ah-Puch sends many liars to trouble your children.  The wise men are persuaded that ah-Puch will be content with the west; no one else will be attacked.  The warriors are persuaded to lower their spears, to lower their dart throwers.  Then comes the murders of the powerful men.  Many lords are assassinated, and their killers take their mats.  
"And this is the fall of the north:  the strong trample the weak, everyone is pounded down.  All the lords are replaced by your brother's servants.  They call the priests traitors, they call the warriors traitors.  There are many hangings, many decapitations.  The killers on the mats and the thrones only laugh to see so much destruction.  Then the lords bring false testimony against each other.  The killers are killed; it is the time of three-day rulers, the time of grasping men.  Then the burning men of the second creation come.  The four hundred cities of the north burn.  The three-day rulers are all made slaves to fire.  The lords of the night come to the north, in the grey time between darkness and dawn.  Five days they are there, nine days and the north is gone."  
"I cannot listen to this," said ah-Sek.  The lord of the hot days walked out of the feasting hall of the gods, he did not stay to hear of more ruin.  In truth many of the gods and goddesses were shocked to hear of the destruction of the people.  
"This is a hard vision," said Father Sun to ix-Xul.  "But I must know its end.  I must know of my brother's strength, in the last days.  What does he do after the north is his?"  
"It is the south that is next, Father Sun.  The center is ignored, for now.  And this is the fate of the south:  your children die gurgling.  It is disease that your brother brings to those strong people.  Running sores and streaming mucus.  Worms in the bowels, worms in the brain.  The southern people suffer watery lungs.  Flailing seizures take them.  The plazas fill with feces, they fill with pus.  The cries of your children rise up, they reach this garden and our ears.  
"Now comes a hail of darts from the sun, a thousand trails of fire in the sky.  ah-Puch's disease-spirits are charred.  The south is covered with the black smoke of their burning.  No one can see what is happening.  There is smoke, there is thunder.  Forty thousand wisps come from the burnt spirits.  Then the lords of the night arrive in the south, they walk under the sun.  They fear nothing.  Three days they are in the south, five days, nine.  The south is ground down.  There is the stink of the dead, rotting.  Four hundred yellow cities are toppled, there is no one in those places any more.  Only three white temples remain, as in the beginning.  
"ah-Puch's children do not stop to take jades or idols or jewelry.  They do not stop to admire themselves in obsidian mirrors.  In ten thousand canoes they row through the southern swamps.  They are guided by their father in the night, there are no torches to see by.  It is the center that they want next, they wish to devour the four thousand cities that your children built in the forested hills.    
"The people of the center know what is coming.  They feel despair, they cannot fight.  It is carnal sin that they desire, they throw away their final days in the creation.  It is the time of lust, the time of licentiousness.  The wise ones slobber at the mouth, their wives flee in terror from them.  'It is useless to fight,' are the words of the lords.  'We will end our days this way, instead.'  Now their hands are on the young women.  Now they are after their own daughters, their own sons.  There go the judges, taking what they want.  There are the sayers of prophecy, pleasing themselves in the temples.  No one thinks to pray.  The hearts of the people burst from fear, burst from lasciviousness.  The warriors wink at each other, they give spittle from the corners of their mouths.  Now the lords slather and twist their necks to look up skirts.  They lay on the ground like drunks, they amuse themselves in this way.  If there are a few pious people who call upon us, their mouths are broken.  They are beaten down and imprisoned.  They are hanged for sport.  
"When the lords of the night come to the center, they are greeted with a great feast, a celebration of the end.  Those people have heaped the tables with poisoned food, poisoned drink.  And this is the end of the center:  the people of four thousand cities eat their own poison.  The lords of the cities drink deeply, the priests devour meat full of killing herbs.  The cacao froths with murderous juice.  The people die on the tables, they die under the tables.  Even the children destroy themselves with tainted fruits and honey bread.  And the mud men come among them and smash the living and the dead.  And the last of the stick men set the cities on fire.  And the murderers from the north and the south come into the center and kill many people with knives, with garrotes.  
"In the great green city of the center, the lords of the night drink the poison.  They eat the poison and spit it at each other for amusement.  No one raises a spear against them.  No darts are launched.  The devout people flee to the east, they are gone.  Everyone else is killed, they all die.  The lords of the night are in the center for nine days, and nine days more.  All your wise men are dead.  All the priests are crushed.  Now the lords of the night have dominion over the center.  They shatter the temples and the shrines.  Our stone faces are broken.  All the incensarios are pulverized under the feet of ah-Puch's children, and the center is empty."  
Now ix-Xul had to drink; she had been speaking for a long time.  Someone filled her cup with tree-fresh cacao, and she drank it all.  Every sip was taken.  There were no questions from the other gods and goddesses.  ix-Xul's words frightened them into silence, and thought.  
"And the east?" said Father Sun.  The corners of his mouth turned down; it was clear he did not enjoy this vision.  It was only disgust for his brother that forced him to listen, to learn a little.  
ix-Xul's eyes became strange, she did not see the garden of the gods any more, or the other gods and goddessess.  She saw the world on the last day, her vision was very clear when she said:  
"Here it is, then, the final day of the creation.  All the pious ones have gathered in the east.  They bear their own shields, their own darts.  The skin of the angry jaguar is spread in the plaza of the great red city, and all the warriors and lords and herbalists and dancers and priests go to meet the lords of the night.  All their feathers are shimmering, your people are proud under their creator.  
"And the gods arrive in the east.  We leave our garden and walk among your children. We are as they are, our faces are drawn with soot.  We take our places among the warriors and the lords of men.  Our wise ones stand with their priests.  Our herbalists prepare to fight spirits.  There is no sunrise on that last day, the sun is in the world.  
"Now comes a messenger from your brother.  ah-Puch sends his word with a spirit.  'These are my lands,' is his claim.  'I was present at the creation, I am part of everything that is.  Today I will reclaim what is mine, and you will bow down to the underworld and the night.'  
"No answer is given.  The messenger is run off, it flees with no words in its belly.  
"There is a great clap of thunder, its source is not known.  The lords of the night arrive in the east.  They are clothed in the skins of your children.  Nine is their number.  There are mud men at their feet.  The cenotes have opened, the caves have opened, and the wicked people of the underworld have come out.  They have no feathers, no sandals.  They are wretched and ugly.  They lift their spears, and your children raise their dart-throwers.  
"This is the last of the east:  the air is filled with darts, and spears.  The air is filled with copal incense.  There are clouds of burning blood and herbs.  The smoke gags warriors, it suffocates lords.  Gods strangle on that stink.  Endless are the people of the underworld.  All the wicked souls shout, 'This is your end, this is the coming of the night.'  There are animal men from Xibalba, every twisted thing walks under the sky.  Nothing is hidden any more.  Those are the days of puma-men, kinkajou-men, vulture-men.  
"There are no tears on the faces of the eastern people.  There are no cries.  Only prayers are heard.  A hundred million darts and spears are thrown and caught in flesh.  We are among your children, we destroy the underworld people.  Their warriors are snuffed out.  Their priests are silenced.  Now the lords of the night come forth.  Their darts fill the land with poison.  It is the end of the eastern people, all those who lived through the obsidian rain.  There is not one man left, not one woman, one child.  It is the end of laughter, the end of drinking, the end of feasting.  There are no more songs, no more riddles, no more games, no more lovers.  ah-Puch's servants have destoyed it all, they have silenced everything.  Misery is what is on our faces, there is nothing to fight for.  The lords of the night begin dancing.  They believe they have won.  
"And now the world truly ends:  the sun sparkles, and a million burning darts fall from the sky.  Everything is aflame.  The cities of the men are gone, even the stones burn.  The lords of the night see their end.  They throw their hooked darts, they jab their barbed spears.  Gods are killed, goddesses die.  The lords of the night are destroyed in the fire.  And the trees are gone.  Grass is gone.  Birds are gone.  Animals, gone.  Even the fishes are killed in the boiling seas.  
"In all this time there is no ah-Puch.  He is not seen in the west, he is not seen in the north, he is not known in the south, he never came to the center.  No one knows where he is.  There are only a few gods and goddesses now, waiting for him to show his face.  
"Well, he will never come so close to his brother, who is stronger.  He has gone into the garden of the gods during the fighting.  He has sneaked in, it is treachery he employs.  In truth he does not want the world or its people.  Something else is his desire.  There in our home he raises his black axe.  He stands at the great ceiba tree that holds up the sky, and he chops its trunk.  He strikes where it is tender, where its heart is open.  The wakah-chan is split, its branches drop.  The sky breaks, the heavens fall, and the world below is destroyed.  It is the death of all of us, only Father Sun and Mother Moon live.  Only ah-Puch is not killed in the breaking of worlds.  All things are as they were in the beginning, there are only three once more.  
"There is a chase, the three gods run into the mouth of a cave.  The sun and the moon chase the wasp star into the underworld, but it is only a trap that has been laid.  From the far places in Xibalbe come the ancient jaguars, balam whose coat is only one color.  There are a thousand of them, they have waited since the beginning for the last day of the creation.  The sun is old.  The moon is old.  The black jaguars fall upon them, they are not afraid of the fire and the moon beams.  The black jaguars are burnt up, they are frozen, but there are too many.  
"And there he is, ah-Puch watches the pouncing of balam.  He encourages the jaguars, he sings to them, a little.  And then he raises his axe above the root of the world tree, and he chops.  And the sky of the underworld breaks, and all the worlds fall and are destroyed.  The sun is gone, the moon is gone.  Even the black jaguars are crushed.  ah-Puch throws down his axe and smokes a cigar, and then he dances.  
"This is what I have seen, Father Sun.  I do not know what becomes of the souls of your children, or our souls.  I do not know what your brother does, after the end."  

It is said that Father Sun did not look at the goddess.  He was too angry, he did not wish to burn her young face.  
"This knowledge was too strong for such a tender sprout," were his words.  "There were probably mistakes in your seeing.  There will be no more asking such questions until we are much older, much stronger.  Thank you for your story, ix-Xul.  You will always be welcome in this garden."  
Then the gods and the goddesses returned to their feast and their conversation.  It was from ix-Xul's vision that they learned the bitterness of divination, and that is why only the priests and day-keepers are allowed this knowledge today.  

Ashes
The lords and ladies of time do not pause for anyone in this world, or their troubles.  Three years have passed since the killing of the priest and the end of my life in the village. When I recovered from my madness I returned to the city, and that is where I live now, like a spirit in the temples of our fathers. Building a hut was not possible for one man, I found an old place that was still strong, in the south of the city, it was only cleaning and a new roof that was needed.  This I had done with my brother’s hut, and though it was not easy, I completed the work.  Food is simpler, there are many old milpas close to here, and many fruit trees in the jungle.  For the first year I stole what was not mine, from the fields of my uncles, but after this I kept seeds and planted my own rows in the plazas of our ancestors.  In truth the maize and squashes and beans are juicy and satisfying, there are fat pumpkins, everything that is delicious comes from the good earth. 
The hunters do not look for me anymore, though they were in the jungle many days after the destruction of Puksik’al Tok.  No one comes into the city except perhaps his work-son, Akbal Nik is the new priest now, but I have not seen him here.  It is to my ancestors that I speak, when I need to be heard, it is to the gods and goddesses that I pray, and sometimes I return to my village to hear the people in their lives, as I said in the beginning. Only one person has come here since I died to my people, the storyteller Tijun came one year after the killing.  How she arranged this I do not know, and she did not say.  She came with two men from her lineage and hunted until I was found, and she gave to me a large tablet bearing many images, and many words.   
“Every picture-word for every necessary sound is here,” was what she said.  “The signs for these images contain everything you need to read and write the old words.”  I agreed to this instruction, and she taught me the signs and their meanings.  Forty days was the length of time she and her cousins were in my large hut, learning the symbols was not difficult. 
When Tijun first arrived in the city I asked her why she had come, and she said that it was not just, what had happened to my brother and to me, because of the struggles of others.  Atlatla had told her of my interest in the old ways, and so she decided to find me and teach me the writing of our fathers.  This, she said, was her payment to Cab Coh for her part in our destruction.  In truth I do not trust this woman or anything she says, and I do not know why she offered to teach me anything or who it might have been that sent her if it was not her own troubled heart.  If the powerful women of Chacwitz and the powerful men of my old village are seeking a new game, they must play without my assistance.  

Here are a few words about more important things:  the second burning of my brother was on the day 11 Sek 7 Cimi of my sixteenth year.  When the rains were over I built a pyre near the seven-roomed tomb, and upon this I placed the bones of my brother and the mask that was made for him.  Though I wanted to keep this thing, it might have held him in this world, and so it went onto his pyre.  When the flames leaped high through his ribs I blew into the conch shell I had found inside the broken temple, I went back into that place and retrieved it for the burning.  With this sound, and many prayers, and by incinerating good things for sacrifice, I called my brother through his pyre a second time.  And though I did not see him or hear him or smell his scent, after this he did not appear in my dreams again.  Soon I will burn those other bones from the crypt, the other five killed by the priest’s servant Tzak Balam.   I told the powerful men about that place, but no one from their lineages came into the city to find their murdered ones, and I will pray and try to release their souls from the cold misery of the stone tomb.  
These are my last thoughts, my last words about this matter of my old life.  It was my brother who was wisest in the ways of the village, though he preferred the jungle and the trees.  “Stay on your own safe path,” were his words to me, but I did not.  It was I who caused my brother’s destruction, when I shattered the spine of ah-Puch’s ugly servant, the cacomistle, that day in the storyteller’s milpa.  In my desire to hurt ah-Puch for the suffering he placed on our village I killed that animal and brought his anger onto me.  But I hid behind the storyteller’s masks, I hid behind the acantuns.  It was my brother who was out in the jungle, where ah-Puch rules.  When Puksik’al Tok asked his master who should die next in the claws and teeth of Tzak Balam, it was my brother’s face that was given to him.  Tijun said Cab Coh was ground down in the games of the powerful, but Tijun knows only a little of this story and thinks she has answers when she has only smoke in her eyes.  The games of the powerful men and women of this world are fool’s games, their plotting and words of destruction are the gibbering of idiots compared to the games of the lord of the night himself.  ah-Puch is as strong as his brother the sun, there has never been a man who flicked a dart at him and did not come to grief.
  
I was:  Maxam Cab Coh
Having served our ancestors faithfully
Having served ah-Puch truly and well 
Having ended the killing of the lineages
Today is 17 Ch’en 4 Ik
I am 19 years old, like my brother, Atlatla

And this is the wheeling
of the Milky Way

Tumbling end over end
a canoe, it sinks

Knocks loose the dewy white blossom
spiraling down to this world

This woman, my mother
separates liquid from air

A new CabCoh boy enters the creation
it is true, everyone speaks of it

I will cut my own heart out 
to water this sprout
I swear this under Father Sun’s face

About the Author/For Further Reading

Randal Doering has a B.A. in creative writing from San Francisco State University and an M.A. in anthropology from Cal State East Bay.  During his masters degree he studied the Maya Indians to the fullest extent his degree program would allow.  He has travelled through the Maya lands of Central America, including southern Mexico, Belize, Guatemala and Honduras and has visited dozens of the ancient Mayan cities and archaeological sites.  He has published almost twenty short stories in magazines and has two free novels and a free collection of short stories available via Smashwords.  

Randal maintains a web site at:  http://www.randaldoering.com.  There are link to his for-sale works here.  In addition, if you enjoyed In the Temples of My Fathers you can find the illustrated version of this novel at:  http://www.randaldoering.com/temples.html.  Just follow the links to download the illustrated version as a PDF file.  The illustrated version took years to create and is a much richer experience than the “just the words” version you have here.  

On the web site are email links, so you can send Randal an email if you wish.  He is always looking to hear if you enjoyed the novel or not and if you’re reading other of his works!  
