TITLE PAGE: DEAD BY DAWN – THE EVERSORS ARISING BY SAMUEL MOYO

This imaginary tale and the characters comprised therein are property and appurtenance to the sole owner and possessor, Samuel Moyo. They are not to be made use of and administered in conduct and behavior that disregards and slights the author of his authority and claim and privilege and reason. Feigned and invented the events and occurrences in the account are, any likely coincidence or correspondence to actual and existent narratives or persons is virtuously and sincerely accidental and unintended. All assortment and disposition—or even distribution or usage—of the tale and its characters thereof must be approved and ratified by the author who alone has designed and invented them into being. He holds any thinkable and yet reasonable rights to this fabrication and anything it comprises.


Copyright 2014. All Rights Reserved.


 


























AUTHOR PREFACE

If you happen to enjoy my free e-book, I would be highly indebted to you if you would leave a review of it. At the very end I have included the first two chapters of my presently published serial, The Bride Who Murdered Her Groom Season One: Episode One, a YA paranormal romance. You can get the book online on Smash-words for free. You can also drop by my new blog at:

http://www.wordsofentertainment887.wordpress.com/

Don’t forget to check the sites below—where I publish my serials—and where on every Friday I post bonus scenes to my stories which you wouldn’t come across without calling in on the links themselves. 

http://m.textnovel.com/story/my-library/16006/1

http://www.wattpad.com/story/23964153-dead-by-dawn-the-eversors-arising

If you have any emails to send to me, send them at:

samuelmoyo887@gmail.com










DEDICATION: I dedicate this book to my precious and treasured uncle, Pumulo Kalumiana. God bless and beatify him always!










CHAPTER ONE: MUBANGA SAMPA DIES

The night Jordan Sampa’s father, Mubanga, was jabbed to his death by a stream of poisonous arrows, she was barely eleven years old. She could in no way fail to call to mind that dreadful night. She still clearly retraced its precise date – Wednesday, 7 October 2020 – which was just ten years past.                                                                                                

At that date, Jordan and her father dwelt with Bryant Stuart, a joint preserver like them, who had rescued the two of them when assailed by battalions of fierce-looking watchels, which were beings that possessed cracked dark brown skin and frightening cloudy white eyes. Bryant had taken Jordan and Mubanga into his home, sited in a very gigantic forest, and they had abode there ever since.                                                                             

An hour before Jordan’s father was murdered, she snatched a glimpse at him as he wrestled with Bryant in an enormous and white-illuminated room, where he evermore rehearsed his combat expertise with him each night.                                                                                                                                                                                

Swords clinked and clanked, almost deadening her ears as a result.                                                                                                     

Bryant was seizing a straight, razor-edged, and short glittering sword that would lengthen each time that he flung it at Mubanga. When he drew it away, it would shorten on its own.                                                                                                                                         

Mubanga, on the other hand, was gripping firmly a lengthy, shining, and slightly twisted sword. It didn’t seem to carry any magical powers, unlike Bryant’s. Not that Bryant’s sword was magical. It wasn’t.                                          

As Bryant hurried toward Mubanga, he intended his short sword to mince off Mubanga’s throat, where he launched it, and while it floated in the air, it elongated.                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

Mubanga readily blocked it in time with a loud clink. As the two swords encountered, echoing against each other, they lit up with a fleeting brightness, sparkling.                                                                                                                                    

Bryant removed his sword hurriedly. Mubanga withdrew his too.                                                                                                                                                   

This time, Bryant aimed undeviating at Mubanga’s stomach. Mubanga registered it and stopped Bryant’s sword with another ear-piercing clank.                                                                                                                                                                                    

Bryant glowered, disconcerted with himself. He drove his lengthening sword to Mubanga’s rib, where it was blockaded before clawing Mubanga’s khakhi shirt, let alone his flesh.                                                                                                   

A furious Bryant clenched his teeth.                                                                                                                                                              

Mubanga made a move fast. He directed his sword to sever through Bryant from waist to waist, slicing him into two. While the sharp and somewhat twisted sword swam in the air like lightning, it gleamed with a smooth-going swish.                                                                                                                                                                                                                

Bryant hopped up into the air, where he spun backward, and at last grounded down on prepared feet.                                                                         His sword had fallen short to hit him. For when it was just on the verge of striking him, Bryant had threw himself up into the air to escape it.                                                                                                                                                                              

Mubanga stared at Bryant, astonished.                                                                                                                                                                                              

Bryant smiled, a smile of unusual excitement.                                                                                                                                                                           

Mubanga flung his sword at Bryant’s throat, as if to behead him.                                                                                                                                   

Bryant, still smiling, simply arched himself down to avoid it. And he apparently did. The sword flapped high above his cheek in the air, failing by a plain inch or so to chop off his ear.                                                                                                   

Bryant set upon Mubanga then. First, he instantaneously cast his sword up into the air, where it went on turning and twirling, and in addition flashing and glistening.                                                                                                                                               

Mubanga’s eyes followed the swinging sword, which was an error on his part. He had been tricked.                                                                                                           As his eyes were going after the revolving sword, Bryant stirred toward him with the speed of light. Before he had even become aware of it, Bryant had made it to him, and he was prepared to attack.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

Too late, Mubanga glimpsed Bryant from the corner of his eye.                                                                                                                                     

Bryant right away knocked his forehead against Mubanga’s, and Mubanga stumbled back, looking as though he was seeing tiny stars that were rotating around his head. Bryant raised his leg and beat into Mubanga’s stomach with his knee. When Mubanga had stumbled further away, Bryant blew a kick into his face without putting his foot down.                                                                                                                                                                                              

The kick was very energetic and overpowering.                                                                                                                                                                       

It threw Mubanga farther away till he had slammed his back against the wall.                                                                                                                            

He groaned, for the first time, it appeared.                                                                                                                                                                        

Bryant proceeded toward him with his hand raised up into the air. When he arrived at him, the revolving sword had by then dropped off into his hand, and he had grasped it readily.                                                                                                                   

He placed the lengthening sword on Mubanga’s throat.                                                                                                                          

Mubanga looked at him, terrified and breathing fast.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    

It was then when Jordan had broken in. She threw open the doors from where she had been watching her father and Bryant fight, then stomped into the room hastily.                                                                                                                                                                                 

“Stop!” she cried out. “You will kill him.”                                                                                                                                                                                  

Bryant shifted away from Mubanga, setting him free. He reversed toward her, watching her march toward him resentfully.                                                                                                                                                                                                     

“Fight me instead,” she ordered in an enraged voice.                                                                                                                                                        

“You?” Bryant chuckled. “You are just a kid. What do you know about fighting, let alone hunting? It is true that we belong to the same kind, little girl. Hunters. We are the preservers. But I am more skilled and of high discernment than you, kid. I have chased and slew over twelve thousand monsters in my whole life, while you have not ever shed any blood, let alone the tiniest drops of chicken blood.”                                                                                                                   

Jordan came to a halt and stared up at him bitterly. She was skinny and petite and a bit tall, with very long jet-black hair, like her deceased mother’s, who was on no occasion a preserver. She as well had large nut-brown eyes, extremely beautiful eyes, and fair and unblemished golden brown skin. Simply put, she was beautiful, excessively and remarkably attractive, even for her tender age.                                                                                                                    

While Bryant stared down at her, she could note that he was starting to become overpowered by her appearance.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

Bryant, in contrast to her, was gigantic and long-legged and handsome with very long yellow hair, even longer than a woman’s. His hair was tied at his back with a fastener.                                                                                                                                        

Mubanga, on one hand, didn’t look much like his daughter. He didn’t look like her at all. Dark chocolate skin, brown hair, velvety black eyes, a rectangular-shaped face (while his daughter was a perfect oval-shaped). He too, like Bryant, and all preserver men, had far-reaching hair. Everyone who was born a preserver had a God-fearing duty to never cut off his hair in the course of his entire lifetime. If one did so, he ceased to be a preserver. And unless his hair would shoot up again, he would just be like any other ordinary human being.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               

“Jordan,” Mubanga voiced for the first time, outraged. “What did I tell you? That whenever I am training with Bryant, we are not to be interfered with. Did I not make that clear to you?”                                                                                            

She shivered. “But I thought that he was going to bruise you, father.”                                                                                                              

“Bryant and I were only training. We always train this way. You didn’t have to lay eyes on us from partially closed doors.”                                                                                                                                                                                                                           

Jordan wondered if Mubanga actually knew that she had been biding her time behind those half-shut doors.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          

“I didn’t lay eyes on you from any partly closed doors. You were making noise—the clicking and clanking and rattling of your swords. I couldn’t find any sleep with it ringing about me from every corner.”                                                                                                                          

That was a lie Jordan told to confirm whether her father had spotted her standing behind the formerly half-shut doors. It seemed he hadn’t. His answer implied it.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

“Fine. I’m sorry,” Mubanga conceded. “I can’t help it though. Why don’t you try infixing your earphones into your ears? You can then play some beloved songs of yours from your iNex.”                                                                                                                                                                                           

She gave out a sustained breath. “Fine.”                                                                                                                                                                                     

Bryant grinned and flagged her a nod after she had come across his mirthful gaze.                                                                                                                                          

She rotated quickly and tramped away. The moment she shut the door behind her, the tinkling and clinking of razor-edged swords carried on.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

Jordan made a face as she entered into her petite room. It scarcely had any furnishings, save for a single bed, and stained glass lamps that gleamed cherry red and orange, a petty table with children’s books on top of it, and a two-doored closet that had the doors fastened. She herself was having on skinny jeans and a dusky top and a cotton-knitted jacket that had the buttons worked free.                                                                                                                                          

She flung herself on her bed, which generated a slight squeal, and lay down there, staring up at the old white ceiling above her. She could notice some openings and fractures in it.                                                                                                                        

Minutes slipped by, if not hours.                                                                                                                                                                                                       

All of a sudden, the clattering of the swords worsened. For a second, Jordan held that she overheard an agonized and moment-lived scream, followed by a loud collision against the wall, which threw off the picture frames that were nailed to the wall in her room.                                                                                                                                                                                      

She sat up in her bed instantly, alarmed and breathing fast.                                                                                                                                                                         

Something ran in the lightless corridor outside her room, moving fast toward her closed door. More footsteps followed, all of which were bolting and aiming at her door.                                                                                                                                                                               

She abruptly faced her door, driven out of breath.                                                                                                                                     

The door was thumped open, and something, which she didn’t distinctly catch sight of, started into her room, leaping up into the air skillfully and speedily than her eyes could follow, and before she realized it, it had grounded on the concrete floor, striking down on it and proceeding on to roll itself beneath her bed.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 

Jordan’s hand reached for her pillow and she snatched the dagger that she was preserving underneath it.                                                                                                                                                                                                                      

Like lightning, she lay down on her bed and rolled herself, going on to pitch herself over to the floor, where she stroke painfully, and yet she withheld herself from crying, let alone whimpering.                                                                                                                                         

She was prepared to strike that thing under her bed with her dagger.                                                                                                                                                                 

She checked around, but there was nothing to find. Had her eyes deceived her?                                                                                          

She got up to her feet in one swift second.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       

She looked over her bed. There was nothing. Apart from her rumpled sheets, an almost falling off pillow, and her forsaken iNex, which had her playlist, and which she hadn’t played since she had formerly reappeared into her room.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         

Jordan, somewhat restless, stared down.                                                                                                                                                                                                                  

A pair of long, dark-brown hands that had cracked skin stretched from below her bed towards her feet. 

While she shrank, exhaling in fright at the same time, the pair of fiery-looking hands arrested each of her two feet.                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

She screamed—a girlish and fearful and nervous scream.                                                                                                                                                                 

Something groaned frighteningly from beneath her bed as she was being pulled so as to trip over to the floor. It was a watchel, she had no doubt.                                                                                                                                                                                                      

Jordan smacked down with her face, and drops of raw blood issued forth from her slit forehead. The watchel dragged her toward itself. She let out a noisy scream once more.                                                                                                                                                                                                       

While the watchel hauled her, issuing out a menacing growl, she clasped on to the leg of her bed, and commenced on to drag herself away from the affrighting demon that was locking its cloudy white eyes on her.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        

It wrestled back, pulling her with greater vigor, and tightening its grip on her foot.                                                                                                                                                                  

Jordan looked for her dagger. The moment she fell, it had slipped away from her grip, and there it was, lying a few feet away from her. She stretched her hand to get hold of it, which she couldn’t, as it was still sited farther away.                                                                                                                                                                                                           

Gradually but certainly, the watchel firmly towed her back to itself.                                                                                                                                                                                

She twisted after it and projected a strong kick into its face. She did it again and again until its left eye had burst off, spraying a spout of deep red blood into her face. Her tongue, which had been stuck out at the moment, tasted and sipped the blood to her offence.                                                                                                                                                               

She threw out, maddened with herself.                                                                                                                                                                         

The watchel freed her right that moment, going on to locate its hand over its shattered eye. It groaned and twisted on the floor and squealed and uttered maledictions in a tongue that she could not catch on to.                                                                                                                                                                                                                

She had obtained her brilliant chance. And so she fled toward her dagger, moving on hands and feet, quick as a spider, watchful and attentive as a rat.                                                                                                                                                                            

It was too late.                                                                                                                                                                                                                          

Someone stood before the knife with his uncovered and unsightly feet laid over it. He was lofty, but not that much, and dressed in tattered and torn clothes, and he additionally smelled bad as though he had never took a bath in his entire lifetime, or ever since he was born plainly put.                                                                                                                                                                                     

He was awfully ugly, Jordan had to acknowledge. And he was not human moreover. He was a watchel. A male one, of course. That, she could tell. Male watchels were all bald-headed, with glistening heads that displayed cracked skulls. The female ones had larger fierce-glowing eyes, unlike the males’, which were miniature but spherical, and they also were in possession of long hair, just like an ordinary human’s, whose colors ranged from a dark pink to cherry red to light blond to snow white. Yes, the females had breasts, but withered ones, which were nearly not noticeable to some extent.                                                                                                                                                                                                 

Jordan paused where she was, benumbed with fright.                                                                                                                                                                                         

The watchel bowed down to collect the dagger that it had trod on. It then straightened up and shot Jordan—who was quivering before it—an intimidating look, or rather a glare.                                                                                                                               

The watchel lying below her bed crawled and picked itself up to its feet, and started toward her, and she sat down moving her gaze from one watchel to the other.                                                                                                                                                                                                

To her amazement, the watchel that was pacing toward her retardedly and inactively with a puffed and bleeding eye, orated for the first time in clear human language, “What shall we do with this pesky little girl here, Seko?”                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              

“She is just a little girl, Shaba. I feel that we should lay her aside and act as though we did not run into her.”

While the watchels spoke, they uttered words as though they were snakes hissing, their hisses being high-pitched.

Shaba blinked his one eye in fury. “No, Seko. We can’t set her aside like we didn’t come across her. She almost tore my eye off. I can no longer sight anything with this eye of mine that she that she has bruised badly. She must pay for it. After all, she is a human child and not one of our kind. Kill her. Make a slit in her throat with that dirk. Do it now. Or if you can’t, meaning that you are not man enough to go about it, suffer me to do it then.”

Seko delayed.

Shaba, extravagantly annoyed, commanded, “Cast me the damn dirk!”

“Why don’t we consider drilling her eye in return? That would be reasonable and fair, don’t you think?”

“Fine. I will do it myself so that I can verify to you that I am one genuine man. Yes, I am.”

The watchel clasping the dirk eyed Jordan straight away. It stepped toward her—yes, she was still shaking—and suddenly grabbed her throat to raise her up, carrying on to thrust her against the wall.

A quivering and powerless Jordan labored for air, but her unyielding efforts were all in vain.

The watchel established its cutting-edged dagger onto her throat.

At that instant, Jordan was certain that she would die.

Just when the watchel was about to pierce into her throat, Jordan glimpsed her father step into view in the doorway, clutching a bow and arrow, which he swiftly aimed at the back of the unsuspecting watchel. He had one eye compressed shut, and the other one narrowed at his target. His clothing and dark chocolate skin were soiled with blood. Perchance watchel blood.

Within the ticking of a millisecond, the arrow was let off into the air, where it winged nimbly and soundlessly, revolving and winding as it drew close to its unsuspicious prey.

With a quick jab, it penetrated into the back of the watchel, piercing through flesh and veins and even bone, and when blood made contact with it, the venom it contained began its effect, scattering rapidly through the veins and arteries, quickening toward the heart and brain.

As the arrow bore deeper and deeper into the watchel, snapping through bone audibly, it stretched wide its appalling cloudy white eyes, and issued a quietened howl, uncontrollably shivering from excessive pain.

Unhurriedly but surely, it let its hands go off from Jordan’s throat. She could at last breathe.

The moment her uncovered feet crashed down, the poison—having made it to the watchel’s brain in less than three seconds and already taking in hand its proceeding—caused the watchel’s head to detonate as if from a bomb, blowing up its ravenous eyes and ugly lips and pointed ears into innumerable pieces that scattered all over the floor, and had plenty of blood spilled on to the walls and every corner, and eventually trickle down.

Jordan stood to breathe starvingly, all drenched with blood.

The remaining watchel, terrorized, stared at Mubanga, who had by that time pinpointed it with his arrow, and without losing another second, it bolted toward the window, quick as a rabbit.

Mubanga, with one eye sealed, the other one narrowed, released the arrow toward the fleeing being that was just about to throw itself against the enormous window so as to rent it and fall outside.

As it leapt up into the air, the arrow stroked at the back of its throat and appeared out on the other side, tarnished with blood.

The watchel, every inch powerless, failed to make it to the window and tumbled down to the concrete.

Jordan shot her father a hurried glance.

He smiled lately.

And she smiled back. But then, while he still smiled at her, her warm smile was lost to view. She saw a watchel creep up toward him from his back and eventually skip up to choke him.

Jordan screeched in alarm. “Dad. Watch out behind you.”

The watchel tensed its fixed grip, completely preventing Clark from exhaling or inhaling.

He strived for air.

The watchel didn’t seem prepared to yield its hard grip on his throat in spite of all that he attempted to do. Crushed and downcast, he hastened backward on his feet so as to knock it as it had mounted on to his back against the wall.

It collided against the wall with a high-sounding thud.

Still, it did not let go its inflexible grasp.

Mubanga withdrew from the wall and sped toward it another time so as to beat it over the wall once more. There was a deafening bang that vibrated the wall.

Even so, the watchel flexed its clutch.

Mubanga shrank away from the wall and scurried back toward it. This time, as the watchel hammered into the wall, there was an ear-deadening thump that created cracks in the wall and had broken plaster fall down to the floor.

It was that extreme and hugely racking slam that coerced the watchel to let go off Mubanga. It dropped against the wall, strengthless and spent to the very core.

Mubanga spun toward it in no time. He cast a hardened blow into its face, which it evaded by dipping head down. As a result, he landed his fist into the wall, which, without doubt, was excessively painful.

The watchel aimed a revengeful blow into his face.

He eluded it by bending himself downward. Then after he had straightened, he threw a manly and vigorous kick into its chest, and he went on punching its heavy chest with his foot without setting it down till it had slammed into the wall loudly, and the cracks in the wall instantly lengthened and widened so that a segment the wall collapsed, and the watchel fell along with it into another black room, where the broken pieces of the wall piled up on top of it. It met its destruction when a great slice of stone boxed its head and mashed it to jelly, showering off into the alight corridor a pour of blood.

While Mubanga stood, granting the lifeless watchel a black look, two more watchels sprinted toward him from diverse directions in the corridor, seizing sharpened throwing axes.

As the watchels neared him, hurling their glistering axes at him at once, Mubanga took to the air, jumping to be precise, where he spun and spun while moving upward as if acting out a praiseworthy somersault, and he fixed his two hands on each side of the wall, all without descending.

He straightened up his feet so that they pointed toward the ceiling above, his head aiming at the floor beneath him, and his very long and disarranged hair cascaded in the face of the floor.

The move struck dumb his daughter, who was watching, her tongue stuck out of her mouth, her eyes stretched wide in amazement. She disbelieved that her father had just carried that out.

The watchel that had first threw its axe at Mubanga failed to hit him as he sprang up, and therefore whacked its keen-edged axe into the throat of its associate, slashing it off and leaving its comrade headless, all unintentionally.

A disheartened watchel, thwarted with itself, stared up at Mubanga, outraged and appalled.

At that second, Mubanga dropped down, spinning in the air as he progressed toward his awe-struck enemy. He landed on the shoulders of the watchel, jolting his knees against them and fixing them in between there.

The watchel blinked its eyes in shock, confound and bewildered. It seemed as though it had been paralyzed.

Mubanga’s steeled fists battered into the face of this watchel. It stumbled back and lapsed against the wall. Mubanga sprang down to his feet after spinning in the air—a back somersault.

He stared at the watchel, which was somewhat enfeebled and frail, and then momentarily grabbed its axe, which he used to knock it in the face.

The watchel smacked its head into the wall, having been battered by the axe.

Mubanga, prompt like lightning, turned around, the axe being firm in his hand, and he thrust it into the chest of the watchel once he had faced it. The blade severed its way smoothly and pierced out through the back of the watchel, where it smacked into the wall and infixed right in there.

An endless stream of blood ran down the wall.

Mubanga stood quietly, checking out the spiritless and inanimate watchel. Slowly, he turned and faced his daughter, who looked at him silently.

There arose another tramping of feet in the corridor. Legions of watchels were sprinting toward him from both directions, out-crying and equipped with all sorts of weapons. Bows, arrows, spears, axes, shotguns, rifles, knives.

Mubanga revolved and ran away into the room where his daughter was. It was too late. And a fault on his part.

While he ran, his long brown hair flapping behind him in the air, one of the multifold watchels freed an envenomed arrow at him.

The arrow went fast like a bomb, and as he was stepping into the room, it stabbed him in the back, arising out on his chest.

Mubanga, excessively pained, staggered into the room and slammed the door behind him, and even going on to fasten the lock.

Jordan hurried after him, fretful and bothered. “Dad,” she called out.

Mubanga sank down on his knees, shaking forcefully and clenching his teeth from the sharp and growing pain that was afflicting him.

Jordan snatched his hand and reserved it in hers. She looked down at her father, tears emerging and twinkling in her big and ladylike brown eyes.

“Go,” Mubanga muttered, still plagued with immense pain. The poison was in indiscernible operation at that instant. But then it became apparent that he was doomed to departure. Cracks unfolded on his skin, extending and transmuting the color of his skin to a chilling pitch-black. His mouth widened and he roared in pain.

The roar pealed in the entire room.

“No, father,” Jordan screamed.

The watchels, that had reached the door and assembled before it, stroke it with their axes. They stroke and stroke until the axes poked deeper and deeper, splintering and renting wood.

“Flee,” Mubanga charged his daughter. “I’m already dead. The poison will finish me off in a little while. And there is nothing that you can do to restore me to faultless health.”

“I’m trapped in here. I am dying with you.”

“You are not dying with me.”

“Yes, I am.”

“You are not entrapped either. Go to the closet and open it and oust out all the clothes. You will espy a small opening in the wall. It is Bryant who made it. He made it particularly for you, so that should any calamity result, you would have the means of escaping out. Go on. It is only you who can crawl through the hole alone. And no one else.”

Jordan wavered, uncertain as to whether she should forsake her father to perish behind her back.

“Go,” Mubanga ordered.

At that note, she quickened toward the closet, then split up its doors and cast out all the vestments hung inside, which belonged to her. She saw the hole—a circular and petite and plastered one. No adult could crawl inside there apart from a small kid like her.

For a while, Jordan stood doubtful, looking aimlessly at the hole in front of her. The strong groans and quiverings of her dying father vexed her. Could she surely leave him behind to perish on his own? She wasn’t certain.

Just when she had stirred toward the hole, the axes that had poked into the door from diverse corners, splintered it so that it fell down. A host of noisy watchels darted into the room.

Mubanga had by then leveled his arrow toward the door, which he set free without delay. It struck the first watchel to step into the room in the throat, and down it collapsed, striving to inhale or exhale.

Quickly, he reached for a fresh arrow, and then another and another, and he projected them all at the rapid-moving watchels. In the lapse of forty seconds, dozens of watchel corpses were lying down, immobile and having toxic arrows infixed in their bodies.

The watchels began retreating from the room as they learnt that more and more of them were being shot down to their consummation. Mubanga took a deep breath in relaxation, reclining over the wall.

It was another misdoing on his part. While he relaxed, a huge watchel tramped into the doorway and aimed an arrow at him for a breathless and soundless second, and then suddenly let it fly off toward him.

Mubanga was hit between the eyes. The arrow pierced through his skull and into his brain and furthermore bore its way out through the back of his head, even going on to plummet and transfix itself deep in the wall.

There, Mubanga departed, his eyes frozen wide open, his tongue ejected out of his mouth, blood oozing down his immovable face.

The spectacle was extremely painful and intolerable for Jordan to watch. She observed it all. Her father dying such a very agonizing and exceedingly awful death. Yet she could not help it but suffer tears to gleam their way out of her large and excessively elegant eyes. God, she was just so damn beautiful!

With her father breathless, reclining there over the wall, and his head riveted to the wall by the arrow, Jordan turned abruptly and ran toward the hole. The watchels that were filling up in the room pursued her.

She hastily jumped into the hole and then crept away in the extreme blackness, fast and on guard. A hand captured her foot while she advanced away. She solely felt it. Then there was a short-lived and threatening growl.

Jordan warred back, hauling her seized foot. At long last, her foot slipped off freely, leaving one empty sock in the hand of the determined watchel.

She edged away curtly. Soon, she reached a corner and dragged herself into a bigger and moreover lightless hole where the opening was progressing.

Arrows were shot quite very late behind her, only to strike on nothing save for plaster-clothed wall. Had not Jordan sped into the wider hole, she would died as well.

The hole led her into an enormous tunnel that she had no idea at all to have existence. It was lightened with old-fashioned and dusty fluorescent light bulbs. Nervously, she walked in h this tunnel until she came across a decomposed door, that she knocked open with an effortless kick and eventually strolled out into a gigantic and hushed forest.

Here, Jordan shook from the terrific cold till she fell down on the dirt, her hands squeezed to herself while she juddered fiercely. She didn’t know what came off next. Not at all. Her eyes forcibly shut on their own at a snail’s pace and the pain that she was experiencing—both physically and emotionally—was lost feeling right that moment. It was like the world had stopped dead all of a sudden, nevermore to spin and come back to life once more.






CHAPTER TWO: IVANA VALESQUEZ

When Ivana Valesquez, a beautiful golden-skinned preserver with long golden brown hair and lovely smokey blue eyes, ran into an unmoving and unconscious Jordan in the dark forest, she assumed that she was in all likelihood lifeless and was not even human.

The season before she caught sight of an expressionless Jordan, she and her two brothers, Diego and Enrique Valesquez, were all mounting separate horses that streaked their way in the forest with the greatest swiftness, leaping into sight from bunched rocks and proceeding past them without meeting any difficulties, and even moving easily and yet swiftly underneath clustered and perilous trees, all without crashing their heedful riders to immediate death.

The family of three were following a herd of seemingly out of track watchels that they had met while straying about in the forest at nightfall. The chase had demanded hours of their unmoved attention and diligent efforts, and within that hour, they had so far butchered down a multitude of the watchels that were bolting on naked feet, scampering faster to some extent than the speedy and persevering horses.

Diego, golden-skinned like his sister, with prolonged brown hair and glowing brown eyes—as well as being aged twenty—scaled a light brown and yet dark brown tailed horse, lifting a hurling blade (whose keen blade was rotund-shaped and which in addition had a cylindrical wooden handle where the keen blade was fixed in, so that, once flung, it would unfailingly fly off to mince where it was that it had been tossed to, and even return back to the bestower after carrying through with its purpose).

Enrique, the sole one who was swarthy skinned, with overly long sable-colored hair reaching his bottom, and gleaming black eyes, as well as being heavily muscular and large and aged thirty-three, settled on a dark horse, his forceful hand clinging on to a lengthy axe which was double-sided at both the wield and the headpiece, and which could likewise be launched at the rival so as to chop him up and eventually wing its way back to its sender.

Ivana, bold and well-set apart from being overwhelmingly beautiful, sat with her back arched forward on the horse, hard-faced and never withdrawing her gaze from the limitless flow of trees ahead of her. She wasn’t shit-scared in any way. Not at all.

The weapon seized in her hand was a B441 Fate Arrow Shooter, which could discharge four long arrows at once, making them fly off a kilometer within three seconds, and proceeding on at that very same fastest speed until they would strike on something.

When the horses were at last galloping on a clear expanse containing a handful trees, settled and fast in their direction after the fleeing watchels, Ivana, her eyes immovable from the fleeing watchels, took out six arrows that were infixed in a leather bag swinging over her back, then placed them into the shooter, and picked the trigger. Three seconds later, six watchels lay down dead, punctured by arrows from back to chest. They had been running one behind the other, and as the six arrows were freed toward them all at once, they had cut their way through from one watchel to the other, entering the back of each watchel in their entirety six, and leaving out the chest of each watchel in their whole six, until all the targeted watchels were dead, and then they had all clung into the bark of a stony-like giant tree, having pierced their way through a few plastic and yielding barked trees.

Diego darted his hurling blade towards a group of three watchels that were advancing close to each other, framing a triangle to be specific. The hurling blade, angled at the three of them, soared toward them, and hewed off the head of the left-behind watchel, and, winging its way in a triangular direction, sliced another watchel into two starting from rib to rib, and in the long run, going on to gash the last watchel from its back and out through its abdomen, having thumped against a rocky tree and taken off into the air at heightened speed toward the unaware watchel.

When the hurling blade had flew back to Diego, he caught it without making the slightest nick on his hand, and even rubbed off the blood smudging its blade using his wind-flailed shirt. The blood stains remained on his white shirt.

Enrique, whose horse, Flerry, was streaking ahead of the others, reached the last watchel in a number of approximately fourteen or so, which was dashing with an observable limp, as it had cut off its foot on a corroded piece of metal, and knocked it lifeless down to the chilly ground with a crushing jam of his axe over to its back.

He went on after the proceeding watchel, which put on a burst of speed, making an immense gap between it and his horse. The watchels were the fastest thing that Enrique had ever chased, even sprinting faster than a cheetah. They could run for seventy-two hours, transposable to three days, without tiring, and after then could their rapidity weaken, meaning that they were heart and soul drained and enervated to almost no strength. Following that, they required three more days to retrieve their complete vigor. 

When the watchel that Enrique was pursuing sheered off from the others, he neglected it to pursue its peers. He didn’t give a damn whether it survived or not. Its peers, being abundant, mattered to him more. He followed them, and Diego went after him.

The same was not any true with Ivana. Her horse, which was galloping behind the two others, changed track and sped after the lonesome and unaccompanied watchel.

The watchel took note. And it instantly raised its speed. Ivana’s horse mounted its acceleration too, whining.

As the horse drew near to the tenacious watchel, Ivana foresaw where it was headed to—toward a huge tree that had branches closing off the way. Of course, the watchel could simply duck its head and pass through. And the horse (named Queck) could dip its head too so as to go through as well. But Ivana herself, no, she was undeniably going to ram herself against a branch and fall down to the ground head-first. Which was highly dangerous.

In a flash, Ivana rose herself and kneeled on the back of the horse, ready to jump. Just when the horse had plunged its head down so as to move underneath the branch, she leapt before it had neared it, long enough to permit her to spin forward in the air, her hands widened out like an eagle’s, her knees crouched, her back crooked, and she launched down on a branch, her legs straightened, her hands still pulled out like an eagle’s so that she was able to balance herself, her crooked back made straight.

She scanned for the watchel that had stopped to see what would come off to her. Queck had stopped too and revolved towards her to wail. 

The watchel, thwarted, turned to flee.

It was too late. Ivana did not delay to fetch an arrow and insert it into the shooter and moreover pick the trigger. Three seconds later, the watchel knocked into a tree, shot in the arm.

She hopped down.

It staggered three steps straight away, seeking to flee.

When it turned back toward its unpitying enemy, it saw that the shooter was already aimed at its other shoulder.

Without unloosening her much desired breath, Ivana set free the arrow, grave-faced.

The arrow speared the watchel and then carried it off so as to pin it against a large tree where it jabbed into, and got stuck there, right next to the bark. It parted its ugly lips, and it voiced out a deafening and sickening cry, having been extremely pained.

Ivana pinpointed its leg, which she striked to the tree, and then the other, which she transfixed as well. Having finished this, she leveled the shooter at its forehead.

The watchel entreated, in human tongue and faultless English, “Please spare me.”

Ivana paused, releasing that breath that she had long withheld.

“Spare me please.”

“Shut up!” She snapped at the watchel, fiercely angry.

“I give my word, if you let me live, I will never hurt another human being again. I mean it. I absolutely do mean it. I truly do.”

“I said shut up!”

The plea was a soft one. “Please spare me.”

Ivana looked angrily straight into the cloudy white eyes of the watchel. Eight years ago, when she was sixteen, she gave birth to a lovely girl, Isabella, who was ripped to immediate death during a watchel raid, and her good-looking husband, Eric Simwaka (dark-haired and gray-eyed [just like her] and a warm and affectionate man), had been speared to death during that same raid. She could not let slip from the memory the voracious watchels that uprooted her family. Their appearance was exactly the same as that of this defenseless watchel before her. They were ugly, even to themselves, and eternally dressed in filthy and smelling and tattered clothes. Always.

Since the deprivation of her dearest family, Ivana had abhorred all watchels to consummate death, and she vowed to herself that she would do her damnedest best to sweep them off from the face of this world. And that nothing at all would prevent her from completing it. Nothing but death.

While she stood, having walked very close to the watchel that now took her stand just sniffing distance away from her, with her shooter stayed on its forehead, she looked at it through tearful eyes, sighting both it and her deceased dearest ones.

In one tearful eye, there was Isabella and Eric—Isabella screaming for help, twitching and looking for ways and means to break free off from the watchels that were grabbing her, grabbing her into a frightening dark room where there were laid up axes and saws and matchets. And which they put to use in silencing her forever.

Eric, on the other hand, was battling against a group of watchels that surrounded him and each one of them speared him to death with gleaming swords from every angle.

“Mom, help me.”

Eric got down on his knees, writhing in uttermost pain. “Ivana, I will always love you, even in death, I will die loving you.”

“Mom. Help!”

“Ivana! I love…you.”

“Please, spare me. I know that I am the worst enemy to mankind. But please, do spare me, I beg you.”

It was hard and painful, but Ivana eventually did it. She slowly turned away from the watchel and began to step away from it, leaving it transfixed to the tree (stabbed there on both thighs and one arm, as the other arm had only just been transpierced, but was not gummed to the tree).

While she walked away, leaving the watchel muttering a lowly, “Thank you,” she sensed sudden movement—yes, the one produced by it—and at that instant, she realized that it was attempting to kill her. Damn you, traitor, she thought.

Behind her, the watchel had fetched a throwing knife from the pocket of its tattered trousers, noiselessly and in a concealed manner, all without taking in that Ivana had by then picked up on it. It made use of its wounded and bleeding and unbound hand. And yes, it was going to score her right in the back.

Shortly before the watchel slung the knife at her, she unexpectedly ran one or two steps, and then skipped up into the air—a backward somersault.

While she moved in the air, the knife went beneath her.

She did a stunning somersault that had her land in a standing where she was facing the watchel, glaring at it. It met her outraged gaze and trembled.

With its wounded hand, the watchel reached for the arrow fastening its arm to the tree, holding that it could remove it and then jam it into Ivana’s throat.

It was a bad and erroneous move.

Just when it felt the painful arrow with its frightful fingers, Ivana’s boot landed on its belly, and, with the utility of her toes, she pressed down the interior flooring of her boot, so that a short cutting knife issued from it, driving its way into the watchel’s stomach and slicing its intestines.

It stiffened there, gummed to the tree, perfectly dead.

Then, frowning and snuffling, Ivana put her foot down and at that moment, the blood-daubed knife vanished back into the shoe flooring.

She rotated, and for the first time caught sight of Jordan, who lay down on the frost-bitten ground, her hair sprawled on the dirt beneath her, her eyes closed up, being totally insensitive to anything and perfectly unmoving. Queck, her sable-colored horse, stood over her, whining down at her. And it was only after Ivana had drawn nearer that she learned more about what Queck had discovered.





CHAPTER THREE: JORDAN GROWING

Jordan’s cheek was cold-blooded and icy just like a dead man’s when Ivana felt it. She predicted that the youthful girl was infallibly dead. There was no breath, not the slightest, and no any motion whatsoever, no, not even any little bit of punching from her heart.

But in any case, she bore up the little girl along with her, for no sanity, slimly believing that she would reawaken from whatever catastrophe it was that had befallen her.

When Ivana met her two brothers in the forest, with Jordan lying on her horse, Queck, where she was firmly secured, they were extremely overjoyed about their latest conquest. They had managed to do away with all the watchels that they had chased.

Diego bragged about how he had killed more watchels than any others. He had butchered seventy-four, while Ivana came in second with seventy-two, and his senior but very energetic brother, Enrique, for whatever strange and unknown reason, had only blown thirty watchels to bits, the worst performing one.

The stranger girl that Ivana had discovered, who looked in every indisputable way like a preserver, appalled both Diego and Enrique to speechlessness. After Ivana had recounted how she had come across her, her brothers maintained that she was dead, and that she should be gotten rid of.

Ivana disagreed, and when they saw that they had failed to convince her to dispose off her stinking corpse, which they expressed merely to irritate and rouse her to their longed-for action, they labeled the unconscious girl a ‘frightless little demon’ and made fun of Ivana, calling her a ‘brute.’ She ignored them like she on every occasion did.

In her comely and small three-floored home erected with enduring wood, Ivana took faithful and uninterrupted care of Jordan. She washed her with heated water, then replaced her dirty clothes with un-smirched ones, and then supplied her with fluid and mushy nourishment, even when she could not eat on her own, somewhat unconscious, and also covering her with warm blankets on an enjoyable bed, until the third day, when she woke up suddenly, like one resurrected from the dead to life.

Seeing Jordan alive stirred Ivana to unexplainable excitement. After having given the young girl something to eat—a very light but highly powerful meal—she asked for her name, merely trying to determine if she still called to mind everything about herself, and yes, she definitely did, and even told more. Everything to be clear-cut. She told Ivana everything about her life, even her history, as well as details about her family and relatives.

Diego and Enrique were astonished to learn that the girl was not the lifeless and fright-less little demon that they had dubbed her, one that had been found by an unmanageable and harsh blunt brute. They asked Ivana what she sought to do next with the alien preserver girl. Which, proudly responded to, to their shock, was adopting her as her own daughter, Jordan Sampa Valesquez.

Throughout her late childhood, Jordan Sampa Valesquez had the most affectionate and most caring mother in the world. She wouldn’t barter her for anything in the world. Nothing at all.

Although her two stuck-up uncles handled her coldly, notably Enrique, Ivana was her best ever solace. In her, she could find support and encouragement as well as rebuke and counsel, and she was all that she ever needed in order to live a miserable-less life. She was, as Jordan herself put it, her actual and truest mother. Her mother, Brianna, had died when she was a newly born baby, during birth, and she had grown up in the sole care of her father, Mubanga. As such, she never knew what it felt like to have a mother until the day that Ivana turned up in her life all of a sudden, like an angel sent on a rescue mission.

Every morning, Ivana guided Jordan to an elevated hill nearby her house in the large forest where she dwelt, and it was there, on a steep but yet upraised hill, one that was packed with knife-edged and hazardous rocks, where she and Jordan trained. She made it clear to Jordan that it was on that very same hill that she had learned to fight, coached by a certain preserver named Adam Yates, after losing her family during an unforeseen watchel pillage.

Five years later, in 2025, when Jordan was sixteen and Ivana was twenty-nine, Jordan had become a praise-worthy and first-rate fighter. On Monday morning, 6 October 2025, she stepped up to the hill behind Ivana, carrying on her back an elephantine bag made from animal skin, which accommodated weapons, and she was wearing well-fitting and neat pants, a furry jacket, designed from animal skin, and stylish boots, designed from animal skin too.

Ivana, thoughtful-faced, was putting on lastic-like pants, a purple skirt, which, whenever she would leap, would part as though it had any slits, then waft up and down in the air gently, and she had on a woolly and warm long-sleeved shirt.

When Ivana made her last leap on the rocks, she spun toward Jordan, still looking pensive.

Jordan, sighing, pitched her bag down and bended over to unfold it. Yes, in order to open it, one had to loose its buttons and unroll it like a scroll. To close it, one first had to affix the weapons in their suitable spot and then fold it just like a scroll and finally do up its buttons.

Having unfolded the bag, Jordan yelled to Ivana, who stood watching her, “What weapon are you making use of?”

“The S-shaped knife,” Ivana yelled back.

Jordan grabbed it, having unfastened it from its place. She cast it toward her, and it sparkled as it flew in the air, up till Ivana had caught its wooden and orbicular handle, all without scratching herself with the razor-edged blade.

Ivana cried out to Jordan, “As for you, what weapon are you selecting?”

She answered back, “The needled whip.”

And she fetched it immediately. It was a long whip, a very long one, over twelve feet long in length, and infixed on the thin whip were a million tiny needles that glimmered in the sunlight as it penetrated down at them through the towering trees. Yes, besides from being rocky, the high-reaching and steep hill was screened from distant view by the lofty trees.

The fight began.

Ivana waved Jordan her hand to come after her. Which she precisely did. While Jordan ran toward her, she thrashed her whip up, and it twisted and turned in the air, its countless needled flashing, as though it were a winding long snake, and it flogged and held on a firm tree branch.

With that done, Jordan continued four or five more steps of bolting, and then she jumped up into the air, letting the whip bear her up, and she swung her way toward Ivana, the air that beat against her dispersing threads of her jet-black hair behind her.

Ivana flung her S-shaped knife at her.

Jordan let her hand go off the whip and shot forth forward and upward into the air, spinning so as to dodge the deadly knife. It missed her and scored into a tree branch, where it remained, being afar from Ivana’s reach.

Ivana uttered words of cursing, let down with herself.

Meanwhile, Jordan flew high above her and went on to set her feet down not far away from her.

Ivana, outraged, turned toward her.

At that moment, the whip that Jordan had let go off her hand, and which was following her route, slammed into her raised hand and she gripped it.

She tweaked it hard, such that it sliced off the branch where it had flogged and freely flew toward her. Before Ivana could reason, the whip had been thrashed to her, and it wound over her waist, ripping off her shirt, but not her skin in any manner.

She ran out of words as Jordan coerced it away from her, driving it with the motioning of her hand.

“I win,” Jordan announced proudly.

Ivana, narrowing her eyes, concurred, “It is better that you confessed it before you had rent off my skin.”

Two years later, Jordan was an even sterling fighter. Her fame within the preservers’ brotherhood grew. Friday morning, 17 September 2027, she tramped up the hill, going after Ivana and Diego and Enrique. Diego was shouting, “I am the leading fighter here in this society of ours. No one can hammer me. I have killed nine hundred and fifty-seven thousand, eight hundred and sixty-two demons in total in my entire life. Who has exceeded that figure? No one has. If that is the case, who is Jordan to conquer me? She is a nobody. She hasn’t even slayed a hundred monsters in her entire life.”

On the hill, Jordan stood by herself facing Ivana and Diego and Enrique. She held her needled whip. Ivana was wearing metallic gloves, iron ones that she had tested to smash a stone and had prospered, and Diego was seizing a knifeless sword, which, when stirred forward, would yield out a long blade, but when driven back, the blade would drop back into the short handle. The farther it was stirred forward, the longer the blade; the farther it was pushed backward, the shorter the blade. It was just the very same as the sword that Bryant had employed in warring with Mubanga, with very slight alterations. Enrique, bold and mighty, was carrying a thin rod with both hands, his muscles bulged out. Don’t let the description of the thin rod fool you. It looked thin, just like a broom stick (it was iron, and not wooden), but Enrique had asked Diego to catch it and had tossed it to him, groaning. Diego, unsuspicious of anything, had caught it, only to fall together with it down to the ground. It was the heaviest thing that he had ever lay hold of, even heavier than an elephant itself. If Enrique hadn’t quickly removed it from his chest, travailing and sweating and groaning, it would surely have had snuffed out every bit of breath out of him, leaving him one hundred per cent dead and lifeless.

Diego started toward Jordan first. He ran after her, stirring his sword forward so that its blade emerged out, shining and elongating. Then, when he had neared her, he darted it at her. She dodged it, moving herself sideways.

Diego did not give up. He led it toward her and as it lengthened, she started to jump backwards, casting herself into the air so as to launch down on her hands, then throwing herself up until she landed on her feet, and acting out the selfsame cycle again and again.

The sword kept on lengthening and she went on moving away from it, until, when she had reached a lofty tree, she slung herself in the air so as to land in a position where she lay down—and the sword stabbed into the tree.

While Diego dislodged it, Jordan slung her needled whip at him. The sword had shortened to regular size when the whip flogged his hand, its needles wrapping on his hand and eventually poking their way in. Jordan pulled it away from his wrist instantly, not desiring to chop off his fingers and palm.

His hand running with swift blood, Diego cried, casting off his sword down to focus his entire attention   on his paining hand.

Jordan skipped him. Enrique hurried after her, raising his cumbersome but eye-cheating thin iron rod. He directed it at her. She escaped it so that it clashed with stone, cracking and renting it.

He aimed it at her another time.

She leapt up, so high that she had to level flat her feet in the air and set them between two neighboring trees.

Enrique, situated below, failed to smack her. He looked up at her.

She flashed him a smile, a ridiculing one.

With his two hands and thin rod, he hammered the two trees one after another, splitting them into two so that they collapsed down.

Jordan, speedy like lightning, had jumped off the two trees and swam in the air backward and lightsomely until she had hit down with her two feet. And then she had disappeared behind bunched trees.

Enrique searched for her. He saw her, strolling toward him steadily and lifting up a Cyclopean and abnormal stone, one that was white in color.

He sped after her and drove the rod toward her rib. She blocked him with the stone, and to his shock, when the stone collided with his rod, his rod bended. Not a scrap of the stone had fallen off to the ground.

What? Enrique’s appalled eyes stuck out.

With a hurried and feeble rap, Jordan knocked the stone over his head, and down he fell, feeling as though a cement roof had collapsed over him, and he saw glowing stars encircling his head.

Ivana stepped into view before Jordan from the cover of gathered trees. When she was not far from Jordan, she endeavored to punch her with her gloved hands.

Jordan hindered her twice with the help of the white stone. And as each of Ivana’s hand slammed against the stone, first, it was her gloves that became shattered and broke off, and lastly, she took them off to lay to view bleeding and shuddering hands. As it was extremely painful, she cried out.

For the next two weeks, Ivana and Diego and Enrique remained at their homes, nursing their wounds. Jordan nursed Ivana’s, and Diego was nursed by Natasha Soko, a tall and exquisite dark-brown haired woman among the multifold women that were contesting for his affection. Enrique was looked after by his son, Ernesto Valesquez, long-legged, olive-skinned, mahogany-haired just like his mother, Elizabeth, and emerald green eyed and highly handsome. All the girls discussed and gossiped about him, apart from Jordan. He was robust and terribly energetic, as his father would not tolerate any small weakness and softness except from his mother and three sisters, and he did whatever his father craved him to do, and for that reason, he was undoubtedly Enrique’s most dearest and precious child.
Ernesto, nineteen years old, first heard about Jordan’s defeat of his father and aunt and uncle from the girls that dished the newest gossip to him, their intentions being to win him to themselves. He had dated and even had sex with several of them, largely those who were very attractive, but none among them had made a quiet but pre-eminent effect on his heart and soul all together as Jordan had. After the girls had talked about his father’s crash and downfall, the boys, his friends, had repeated the same story to him, though with minor changes here and there. His mother was the last one to refresh it to him, and never his father himself.

If there was someone that Ernesto dreaded the most, it was Jordan Sampa Valesquez. Because he loved her more than he had ever come to love anyone. She was the most beautiful girl that he had ever laid eyes on. Whenever he looked at her, he desired to carry on with that. And only that. Without stop. He could stare at her for time without end.

Every day, Ernesto arose loving Jordan more. He wished to tell her that. To even yell it to her. Sometimes, he would gather up the courage and guts to go and hang around Ivana’s place, but whenever he ran into her, facing the most beautiful creature he had ever sighted, all words deserted him, and he stood there, ogling her like she had struck him dumb, his mind laboring to construct statements on his behalf, but falling short. It always happened each time he came across her. Or, if it didn’t, it would start off whenever he would attempt to give it a shot. He could talk to her about how he had woken up feeling sick and tired, about how his father made him flatten a hill every day before visiting his friends, about how his mother cooked him up mountains of meals which he couldn’t finish alone, about the plans he had schemed for the day, about the songs he enjoyed, about his best-loved movies and series and sport (which was football, without doubt), about some brainless stuff that his annoying sisters did on that particular day, about his voiceless and seemingly-lost neighbors, about the books he had took pleasure in reading, about the bible and weather—but never about how he was yearning for her, feeling sharply the absence of her presence day and night, dreaming about her on companionless nights, and loving her to the very core in a manner that he had not ever fallen for anyone.

CHAPTER FOUR: STRANGER OR ENEMY

For the proceeding three years, pushing up Ernesto Valesquez to twenty-four years of age, his endearment for Jordan Sampa (now twenty-one and sufficiently ripened physically and intellectually and emotionally, and who, it looked, was waxing far more beautiful each wearing on day), was as powerful and enduring as ever. He had strived very much to kill his affection for her, and instead have an eye for another girl, which had consummately failed.

Each morning after awakening from sleep, Ernesto unfailingly cantered for three exact hours in the wide forest, leaving his house at spot-on five and turning back at punctually eight.

From eight to ten, yes, within two hours, by himself without anyone’s assistance and relief, Ernesto dug one of the innumerable hills that were on his father’s soil till it was horizontally leveled, never-ending sweat dripping down his sun-burnt or icy-smitten face or even drenching his red vest when it was summer (yes, red was his beloved color) or red long-sleeved shirt and jacket when it was winter.

After ten, he sat down in their broad maple-walled dining room to have his intentionally delayed breakfast. It was generally boiled eggs and baked cheese and warm bread and petty sugary cakes called ‘swing-stearls’ and boiled ripe bananas and apples and a dark colored preservers’ tea commonly known to them as ‘cuff-and-crabe’, which was on every occasion served and devoured with swing-stearls and boiled ripe or even unripe bananas.

When over and done with breakfast, Ernesto would study for an hour or so (and then continue on in the night before dropping off to sleep). He had classes from two in the afternoon till six in the evening at the preservers’ owned Stanley Green University, where he studied Physics, now being in his fifth year, and remaining with one more year to graduate. The university was lavishly-built (brought into being by Stanley Green himself four hundred years back) and sixteen thousand preserver students from all over Zambia and even abroad were learning at the institute. The institute itself was not any far from Ernesto’s house, just thirty minutes away of walk in this one big, unending forest. He regularly drove there in his red Mercedes-Benz Lightning X5, a car his father, Enrique, had bought him on his most recent birthday. In it, he would cruise to the university on a deserted asphalt road in eighty straight minutes.

It was on that very same university where Jordan as well attended. Ernesto ever ran into her a number of times, at times without her ever noticing him, and it was in those latter times that he always stood to stare at her, in his perspective, feasting his eyes on the world’s most charming thing that he had ever laid eyes on. Yes, he on every instance surrendered to the temptation of drawing near her and touching her, which, to his agony and bitterness, she had never done and even seemed averse to go about.

Sunday morning, 7 April 2030, Ernesto’s father, Enrique, arose from his sleepless bed looking wholly disturbed and tormented. Ernesto knew what was the cause. The newspapers. Not a day slipped by without pieces of unnaturally-affected deaths being published in all the common newspapers. To human eyes, the precise cause of these deaths was fairly labeled as cabbalistic and inexplicable, or one that had been carried on by some unknown but highly destructive wild animal. Yet to the preservers’ eyes—enlightened and observant and operative—it was smoothly identifiable that something foreign and yet uninvestigated was behind all these puzzling and abstruse deaths.

The deaths themselves were disgusting and horrifying. Victims had had their skin peeled off while still breathing and seen it devoured right in their eyes. With that done, they were forsaken by their predator to unendingly bleed and squirm in unbearable pain for limitless hours, until death would come to their remedy.

According to the newspapers, a total of eighty were reckoned to have been killed in this frightful way. By a very sensational serial killer, some newspapers mused. By some surely one hair-rising ghost that sought terrible vengeance on everyone, some contemplated. By an undiscovered but ravingly dangerous wild beast, some argued.

That same Sunday morning, Enrique sent his son to the near and distant homes of their associate preservers in his Mercedes-Benz Lightning, requesting them to be present at his house by sharply two in the afternoon for an urgent and important meeting. As Enrique was the principal of the preservers in his region, South Kangombe, all meetings were by tradition run at his palace. Yes, all principals dwelt in extravagant palaces sited in the midst of the forest where their subjects lodged, the palaces themselves being usually established on lofty hills hemmed in with flowing streams and lovely gardens swaying with flowers of all sorts as well as expanded forests that streamed with uniform tunes from the choir of restless birds.

At curtly two o’clock, like Enrique had ordered, the requested visitants were all at his palace, assembled in the conference room, which looked much like a living room with lush sofas and glistening mahogany and oak tables and fashionable curtains and gigantic dark windows lacking any burglary and glittering crystal chandeliers and an unstained wool carpet. The room was huge, very huge. The visitors, who sat on the sofas, were served grapes and cooked bananas and peeled-and-hewed apples and sparkling wine and some puny-loafed bread called ‘mabwe.’

Enrique had the newspapers that he had been perusing and laying by distributed among all the visitors. They each had a quick glance. Ivana and Diego were among them, sitted close to Enrique’s lordly throne.

As such, the meeting commenced. Enrique spoke for minutes unending. And then decided, “My cherished brothers and sisters, what do you think that we should do with regard to our latest issue? People are dying out there. We can’t just sit by and allow whatever it is that is doing this to carry on with it. Enough is enough. We are the preservers. And we must preserve the whole human race from its concealed rivals. I am in need of ideas. Does anyone have any idea of what we can do?”

Banji Kalinda, a swarthy-skinned and brown haired woman in her early forties, put forward, “We have to search into this and know without certainty what is to blame for everything. Only then can we decide on what next to do.”

Ian and Margaret Thompson, a couple, and both blond-haired, who were sitting next to Banji, nodded their heads in union at once.

Banji, gratified with herself, leaned back into her isolated sofa and drank a glass of wine.

Enrique nodded at last. “That is fairly well with me. In that case, we must have someone visit these whereabouts of misdeed and follow up deep into this on our behalf. But who, among us, will go on our behalf to Lusaka? Someone who is qualified enough and skillful?”

“I have my daughter, Jordan,” Ivana stepped in, curly golden brown haired and elegant in a far-reaching cherry red dress and mid-heeled shoes. Her loveliness drew away the mindfulness of everyone, it looked. “She is now in her third year of studying Mass Communication at our university, Stanley Green. She can function on that role.”

“Fine,” Enrique mentioned. “I want her to be accompanied by someone. A man. Who can that be?”

“I can serve as her company,” Diego quickly said.

Ivana glared at him. “You are admirable in slaying monsters, Diego. And not fawning on women, much more young women like Jordan.”

“Who said that I scheme to propose to your daughter, Ivana?”

“You dare not to. In fact, I don’t want you to follow Jordan anywhere. You are a cheat, a womanizer, a thoughtless player, and I’d never want you to be anywhere near around my daughter.”

Diego arose from his seat, eye-catching and fine-looking in a dark suit and extremely annoyed.

Enrique cried out, “Enough of you two. Don’t you realize that there are people watching? I don’t want any room for gossip here. Let the people gossip on their own and not giving them something to prattle about. You, Diego, sit down now.”

He complied, swapping remote glares with his irate sister.

“Now, the meeting closes here. Jordan is going to Lusaka. And my son, Ernesto, is going with her. I say again, this meeting is over. You are all now free to return to your homes.”

That brought shock and frustration to Diego’s face, and cheerfulness and beatitude to Ivana’s ireful face.

Ernesto and Jordan themselves had not been present at the meeting. Ivana told Jordan about the  pronouncement she had made on her behalf, and Enrique told Ernesto about his sentence on him having to attend Jordan to Lusaka, which was the town nearest to their quarter of domicile and where five hundred thousand human beings stayed. Jordan simply reacted to the announcement with a sigh of amusement, delighted that she would for a while leave the forests and score a chance to tour the uproarious and restless human world. Ernesto, on the other hand, was overjoyed that he now had a wonderful opportunity to admit his long-hushed feelings to the girl of his dreams, yet he dreaded her response and reaction. Only his friends and mother knew about what he truly felt for Jordan.

That Sunday twilight, Ernesto walked alone in the forest to the locale where he habitually trained. He first watched the treetops expressionlessly, then the slowly darkening sky, then completely succumbed to his thoughts, and ultimately began training.

On one stretched and horizontal stone, he placed a line up of ten bottles, then walked a bit afar, extracted his bow and arrows, and started shooting the bottles one after another.

The first bottle burst and rent with an ear-piercing tinkle, then the second one, and the third one, and the succeeding one.

Nine bottles were smashed and splintered. The tenth one stood on the stone, a hollow bottle that had once contained wine. Ernesto aimed at it, one eye nearly squeezed shut, and, without stirring, he let the arrow go, flying off in the air at dangerous speed like a cage-locked bird that had been set off to independence.

Milliseconds slipped by. The arrow pierced its way in the loose air, easily and unrestrainedly. In no time, it had neared the bottle.

And then…CRACK? No.

A stone, eccentric-shaped with some dirt cleaved on it, soared in the direction of the arrow so as to check it from hammering the bottle. The two clashed. And the arrow, slapped and crushed and broken into two, fell to the ground along with the stone. As such, the bottle was kept away from any damage.

Ernesto stood, confused, staring blankly at the green bottle. He had not seen what had curbed his arrow, but had solely overheard something zapping off from the huddled trees to collide with his arrow.

While he stared at the bottle, he sensed sudden movement in the forest. He looked around, and there she was, a long-legged woman, jet-black haired, with her back on him and she was wearing jeans and a feathery brown top. While he was observing her, she disappeared into the clump of innumerable trees.

He went after her, apprehensive and worried. Had she tried to kill him? Who was she?

The woman gathered on a rupture of speed, an uncurbed gust of wind blowing against her and sweeping her long hair in the air behind her.

Ernesto ran faster as well.

The flow of trees stopped before the woman’s eyes to be succeeded by a domain of needle-shaped and pointed thorns. There were a few tall trees in the vast domain of thorns, located here and there and far there.

Just as Ernesto came into view from the clustered trees behind the unknown woman—yes, even without revolving back to sight him, she had detected his appearance—she without delay jumped up high into the air till she had laid hold of a thorn-free tree branch. She swung her way swiftly from one branch to the other, impatiently shifting from one tree to the other. 

Ernesto also hopped up into the air after her. He grabbed a branch which snapped instantly to chuck him down to the thorns, but before the thorns had scratched or even ripped his clothes he had already got hold of another branch. 

Like a practiced monkey, Ernesto bound his way from branch to branch and from tree to tree. While he was moving to the farthest trees, the woman let go off the final branch and arrived down in one assuredly quick and correctly calculated leap. 

She straightened up and ran away but Ernesto had by then grounded down not far away from her. He pursued her and grabbed her arm forcefully so as to turn her towards himself.

She resisted, but did not give up till he had shoved her to slam her back into a tree and pressed himself against her. His chest was immovable on hers, his eyes fixed down at hers, his hands hardened on her arms. His face was breathing distance away from hers.

Ernesto breathed in relief, his breath fanning away threads of Jordan’s raven hair. She stared back into his lovely face, that most beautiful woman that he had ever dreamt up to exist in this world, to some extent, even beyond his dreams.

“Jordan,” Ernesto purred, his tone forthwith tenderized.

She strived against his sturdy grasp, and he freed her pronto.

“What do you think you were doing?” He suddenly barked at her.”I could have killed you right after you had attacked me.”

“Is that so? Did I really set upon you?”

“Not really. But you shouldn’t have done that? And don’t do it next time again.”

“Whatever.”

“Why did you visit me? Do you want to say something to me?”

“Of course, I do.”

“Then why did you have to run away if it was me that you came looking for?”

“I simply fancied to test your competency and skill. You’re that strong and superior, you know. Really.”

“Thanks anyway.”

“You are welcome.”

Ernesto stepped closer to Jordan. She looked up at him and their eyes locked. His were tender and loving, hers were overwhelmed and dumbfound. “So,” he voiced. “What is it that you came for us to shoot the breeze about?”

“I came to hear it straight from you. Just so I can verify that my mother wasn’t telling a lie to me. Are you going with me to Lusaka?”

“Of course. Why ask that? Does she lie to you that much often? Don’t you trust her?”

“She can do anything to make me feel happy, even if it means lying. I trust her. Though not on every occasion.”

“Everything you are saying is not all that clear to me.”

“Lately, I have been bored with this place. I deemed it best to leave and go off elsewhere for a little while. But that only got my mother worried. She believed that I had grown tired of this whole preserver life and that I merely wanted to start life far off somewhere, just like an ordinary human being. Which isn’t true at all. For that reason, I believed that she could lie to me just to do away with my boredom and plottings to move away. But now you have made it all clear to me that she wasn’t lying at all.”

“Is that all you came here for?”

“Sure. Do you have something that you want to tell me?”

“No; not at all.”

“Bye then. Ivana will need a helping hand with the cooking. I must go to prepare up supper.”

“Bye Jordan.”

She revolved and went away. Ernesto watched her take her leave, wishing to stop her and tell her that he loved her. Yes, he was dying deep inside to express that to her. The more she progressed a step farther away, the more the desire to let it off to her heightened. If only she could make it plain damn easy for him by turning toward him and flashing him a very warm and moving smile and then wave him to walk to her and eventually chat to him in that inviting and flirting manner which would doubtlessly make it clear to him that she was willing to embrace his proposal.











CHAPTER FIVE: TREVIN DAKA

Eighteen days later on Thursday evening, 25 April 2030, Ernesto and Jordan started off for Lusaka in his lavish red Mercedes-Benz Lightning X5. It hurtled on the vacant road like a bomb, the front windshield glistering in the fresh moonlight, the tires turning and wheeling at a deadly pace.

While Ernesto drove, Jordan sat with her face close to the window, reclining down in her seat and staring blankly at the flashing trees outside. Ernesto, with his hands established on the steer wheel, would snatch a glimpse of her every once in a while. Whenever he looked at her, he never desired to look away. She was to a great extent hugely beautiful. Did she even realize it?

Three hours later, Ernesto pulled up his car to a halt at Mulonga Hotel. The hotel itself was fifty stories high, and concrete-built, with herculean dark windows the magnitude of a wall.

The reception inside was spotless and tasteful. There were drawn-out and yet high-priced couches, stone tiles with graceful flower-like sketches on them, stained glass lamps, a glossy chandelier on an upraised ceiling that had immaculate tiny white tiles, and there, perched on an unperceivable tall chair put out of sight by a protracted stone-mold desk was a dark-haired woman with comely chocolate skin, and she was having on glasses and a showy ring that tinkled against the desk when put into random contact with it. The ring looked like it was made of authentic diamond.

The dark-haired woman, who was the receptionist, introduced herself to Ernesto and Jordan as Kondwani Simwaka. She was friendly and obliging and ever-smiling and considerate to whatever they both raised to her. And she was the one who steered them to their room numbered ‘Seventy-two’, aside from being positioned on the twenty-fifth floor.

The view of the contracted street far below the living room window was a bit unnerving. Jordan disliked it. And for that reason, she recoiled from the broad but curtained windows whenever she drew near them.

Ernesto’s bedroom was opposite hers. For the succeeding two nights, each time before he would get to sleep, he would tip-toe noiselessly toward her door, then with shaking hands, try to reach for the knob, which he dared not accomplish.

Ireful and defeated, he would turn slowly and head back to his room in his white pajamas with a gravely sober look on his face. When was he ever going to lay hold of her and wildly take her into his arms and furthermore run his uncontrollable hands across her smooth and pleasing-to-stroke skin?

Two more days wore by. Jordan and Ernesto continued their inquisition in spite of falling upon little, if not any answers at all, to their endless list of questions.

Only one thing was particularly evident to them. Yes, the horrid deaths were multiplying day by day. And whatever was behind them was surely not human. Neither was it natural.

Wednesday night, 1 May 2030, Jordan sat before a voice-run computer, her hands folded across her chest, her eyes set on the spacious screen, whose largeness almost equalized with that of a massive wall. She was carrying on research over the inexplicable deaths, learning what exactly took place to each deceased person an hour or two before they were discovered dead. In other words, what the deceased ones were up to before they met their unforeseen deaths.

Ernesto Valesquez—well-proportioned and muscular and terribly handsome—stepped into the secluded computer room carrying two mugs of hot chocolate. He handed over one to her, and she received it warmly, showing him a friendly smile while muttering, “Thank you.”

“You are welcome.” He smiled back.

She gave up her smile and removed her eyes from him to concentrate on the white broad screen that lightened up the black-painted and lightless room they were in.

Ernesto’s eyes were still on her. Even with her smile gone, its effect had already took work on him, pulling all his attention toward her and staying that pleasurable vision of her smiling in his mind. It was the most exquisite smile he had ever caught sight of!

Jordan, even though it ain’t any easy for me to confess it to you, I absolutely do love you. You mean the world to me, girl. This, Ernesto reflected to himself, making sheep’s eyes at an unaware Jordan.

He blinked to his senses on the spur of the moment. “So,” was his foremost word. “What have you dug upon as of late?”

Jordan sighed in weariness. “It’s a frustrating experience, you know. I haven’t uncovered anything much yet.”

“My counsel is don’t lose your confidence.”

Jordan smiled at him once more, that most sweet and winning smile that he had ever beheld. “Thanks for the encouragement. But I won’t ever go off my reliance in this. Nothing will put away my faith. Nothing at all.”

In that second, while Jordan was still giving voice to this, Ernesto heard something outside the room drop to rap the floor and burst with a chinking sound. Likely glass. And in all likelihood, a flower vase.

He stood hardened on his spot, emerald green eyes stretched wide in alarm, brown lips pursed, large ears pricked up. In spite of his utmost efforts, he could detect no further sound.

Jordan noticed him. She asked, “Is anything wrong?”

“Seemingly.”

“What is it?”

Ernesto stirred toward the door—an unplanned and hasty movement. “Stay here. I will be back.”

Jordan followed. “Will you please tell me what is going on?”

He pirouetted toward her, raging, and she discerned that he had by then took out a shotgun, which he was gripping firmly. The shotgun was an electric one that discharged microscopic, pointed bullets shaped from impenetrable stone. Zynadeth, a recent toxic liquid, was then applied on them and they were left to dry so that once they had made contact with the sufferer’s blood, they would intoxicate it and kill the sufferer through paralysis and malfunctioning of his body organs. It was a slow but very painful death, requiring three hours to be over and done with. There was no remedy known to cure and amend one’s poisoned blood from the venom.

“Stay here, will you?” Ernesto mouthed angrily.

“You might need my assistance somehow,” Jordan argued.

“I won’t. Now, no more going after me. I don’t want anything hurtful to fall upon you.”

Jordan blinked silently.

Ernesto turned and walked out by himself. He progressed past the half-shut door to the vacant and unoccupied room, and hurriedly skipped his way down the stairs, down to the floor of the lounge below, from where he had overheard the glass dropping and shattering.

Wakefully and readily, Ernesto stood to scan the lavishly-furnished room with a trained eye. He was all ears such that he could hear rats tracking each other and squeaking on the floor and a crow flap its way past the window while croaking and his heart thwacking nervously in his chest and his fearful breath hissing into the air before him.

Then, in a flash, while he was checking the mistaken direction, someone—yes, Ernesto could tell that he was a man from the way his boots thumped the floor—moved from his hiding spot and ran away.

Ernesto, rotating readily and swiftly as though he was formed of breeze, aimed at the enemy, who was dressed in black pants and a black knee-length jacket that waved in the air behind him, and opened fire. In addition to this, the man was of Negro race, his skin being a very exquisite dark gold, his far-reaching dark hair coiled and curled and fastened to rest on his back, and he was tall and every inch powerfully-built, but not any taller than Ernesto himself.

The bullets that Ernesto had fired at him cracked the flashing glass of picture frames and even drilled their way into the wall.

The man, terrified, took cover behind a wall, a pillar of a wall to be precise, that linked the floor to the ceiling high above.

Ernesto cursed. Two things made him angry. First, the Negro man had fled from his bullets. Eyes pinched, his brow crumpled, Ernesto fetched additional bullets and loaded them into his gun.

While he was occupied with the placing of bullets into his gun, the man, carrying an expression of fury and revulsion, removed his pistol from where it was strapped, and emerged from the shield of the wall so as to level it at him.

Ernesto sensed it too late. He looked at his foeman just when two copper-made bullets had been freed in the air toward him.

Jordan, arising from Ernesto’s back, stepped in and shoved him down along with herself. Her hair scattered in the air above her, and the two bullets pierced through strings of her jet-black hair one after another, hewing them off and casting them down to the floor.

The cut strings of hair fluttered till they had landed on her back. She lay down there right on top of Ernesto, whom she had fall against. Her chest was facing his, her body pressed against his, and her eyes were in unbroken contact with his.

Like a shot, Jordan rolled away from him and lay down beside him. His eyes followed her prompt motion. And when she learnt that he was ogling her, struck dumb completely, she assigned him a black look.

“What are you staring at?” She hissed angrily. “I was expecting you to scold me for saving your ass from that psychopath. I told you that you would need my support.”

Ernesto’s captivated eyes became an instantaneous glower. He blurted quiescently, “So you are my heroine now, aren’t you? Without you, I cannot survive by any means. Isn’t that what you are implying?”

“I don’t give a damn with respect to whatever you reason, Ernesto.”

He made a face. “You can be so aggravating, you know.”

“Whatever, Ernesto.”

There arose the stamping of boots towards the watchful two. Jordan winced in perplexion. And Ernesto contracted his eyes, his hands tensing into rigid fists, the veins buried in his skin arising as his hands trembled wildly. The enemy was drawing near. Ernesto, tormented and worried, looked for his gun.

There it lay, in the distance, having fallen far from his reach. To crawl to it would be to imperil his life.

“Damn,” he muttered angrily.

The enemy, who was stepping closer to the coach concealing Jordan and Ernesto from his view, overheard it. He sped to its back, the gun seized solidly in his hands, his finger ready to squeeze the trigger.

Breathless and expectant to sight his sure prey, he stopped and leveled at…at nothing but the vacant floor. What? Hadn’t he heard someone grumbling behind the couch?

In that moment of bewilderment, someone moved toward him from his back, and just when he had felt it, he was captured on the throat and repressed from breathing.

Without thinking, he knocked his elbow repeatedly into the stomach of his rival, until his rival, ultimately weakened, released him and reeled away from him.

The Negro man spun towards him in the ticking of a flash and quickly took aim at him. A strengthless Ernesto glanced up to have the barrel cocked right on his left eye.

Jordan, appearing from the back of the black gentleman, drove a hasty but robust kick into his cheek. It struck him before his brain had even thought up to compress the trigger or even forwarded the command to other parts of his body.

The man, swaying from terrible pain, flew his way to slam into an adjacent-sited wall. Before a full second had run out, he stared up at Jordan with livid and murderous eyes. In one fast whipping movement, he aimed his gun at her and unloosened fire.

With lightning and nearly superhuman fleetness, Ernesto raced against the nimble bullets toward her, a sturdy breeze of air whipping his long and unconfined mahogany hair behind him and totally driving him out of breath.

Jordan stood silently, her heart beat speeding up as the microscopic copper bullets winged their way closer and closer towards her. They zapped in the air with an almost undetectable sound, revolving and circling as they soared with staggering swiftness, scattering off an issue of white smoke behind like a jet does when it is in flight.

Ernesto reached her first, and slamming himself against her, he shoved her away from her spot so as to tumble down along with her. As such, the bullets lost strike of her and sailed their way above them to stroke into the remote wall. There sourced the cracking and snapping of pointed bricks in the said wall.

The Negro man, ill-tempered and having his teeth clenched, booted a nearby small table in rage so that it collapsed over to the floor. He quickened his level at Jordan.

Ernesto had by then stirred up to his hands and knees. With one hand over Jordan’s, he wormed his way away, pulling her to follow him behind.

While the two crawled away, bullets, unseen to their eyes, flashed from the man’s gun after them.

Ernesto hastily hauled Jordan to a veil of a stone-built wall. As a result, the stream of bullets fell short from scoring her.

At discerning this, the Negro man tightened his eyes into narrow slits and fled up a case of wooden-built stairs. As he skipped up the stairs, resetting his gun back into his holster, his black boots pounded down on the stairs, producing a rattling and quick-rapping sound that Ernesto and Jordan detected from where they sat kneeling and sloping over the wall.

Ernesto snatched a hurried glimpse at his enemy, only to realize precisely late that he had escaped. He gritted his teeth and clenched his hands into shaky fists.

“Damn,” he spat. “The bastard is gone.”

“Where?” Jordan enquired.

“Upstairs. I will go after him.”

“I am coming with you as well.”

“No. Stay here. Just so he will run into you should he turn back without me becoming aware of it.”

Jordan breathed, thwarted and upset. “Fine.”

Ernesto left immediately. He hopped up the stairs, then all of a sudden came to a halt in the face of two doors. One, serving as an entrance to the computer room where he had just been present a while ago with Jordan, was partially open. And the other, which led to a vast but vacant and unfurnished room, was half-opened. The lights of both rooms were switched off. And nothing made a move or any sound inside them.

Ernesto scratched his head in derangement. Which was which?

Relying on his instincts, he skipped the partly-opened door to the computer room and went on to the half-opened door of the empty and unoccupied room.

At a snail’s pace and inaudibly, Ernesto stepped into the soundless and black room, and quickly flicked on the switch. As the formerly dead lights gleamed to life, he searched the room with an expectant eye, but ascertained nothing. Nothing at all.

He was mistaken to judge that the Negro man had not set foot into the void room. He had. And when he had walked there, rapid as an eagle and tenacious as a donkey, he had inspected the quiet place, and eventually leapt up into the air, spinning higher and higher as he went, till he had seized the door with his two hands, and it did not sway an inch or even squeal, and then, with his head looking down onto the floor, his stomach crooked, and his legs twisted too so that they had hovered in the air, he had cast himself further up, his hand having been freed from the door, and he revolved and twirled, straightening himself as he advanced so that when at long last dropping, he launched one persevering foot on top of the door, his immobile body inclined forward as though he was about to fall, his hands spread out and unmoving as though they were wings of a floating eagle. In this motionless pose, the man had stood over the door all these extended minutes, one foot infixed on the door, the other one placed in the air. The door had neither stirred nor squeaked. Not in any way imaginable.

As such, Ernesto did not realize or even feel that his enemy was right behind him, motionless in a pose where his eyes were locked down precisely straight at him. Each and every movement he made was registered.

Downcast and exasperated, Ernesto whirled to leave. It was at that instant when the enemy acted.

Like lightning, the Negro man flung himself into yielding air so that he fell down, and flowingly and painlessly, he arrived down, feet rapping the floor, dust rising up into the vast air.

Whipped with shock and affrighted, Ernesto shrank back, eyes widening.

The man had blockaded him.

Quick and in readiness, the man lashed out a snake whip and jerked it abruptly toward him.

Ernesto, still in a paralysis of shock, bowed himself down to evade the whip. He sure did. But when he had straightened up, a hard kick was hurried into his abdomen, which sent him flying across the room to thump his back against the wall and decline down.

The moment he stirred, the man, speedy as wind itself, had reached him and even located his gun on his throat.

Ernesto’s hopes were crushed.

Someone behind them booted the door so that it swung wide open.

The man, without letting his hold go off his shoulder, swerved Ernesto along with himself so that they came face to face with Jordan. Like his hand, the gun was not moved away from Ernesto’s throat too.

Jordan gulped.

The man smiled, a delighted smile.

Drops of sweat streamed down Ernesto’s tormented face.

“Lay down your weapon, young woman, if you desire this man to live,” the stranger ordered in a grave tone.

Jordan complied.

“Lift up your hands.”

She submitted.

“Move a few steps away from the gun.”

She submitted to that as well.

Thrusting Ernesto forward, the man snuffled in revulsion, and when Ernesto had turned toward him, he chucked the gun to him. Ernesto caught it, afflicted with astonishment. He did not know to do. Or what was actually happening.

The man trudged toward him.

Ernesto aimed at him and thundered, “Stop. Or else I’ll shoot.”

He listened and did as he was directed to. “If I wanted to kill you, I would have done it by now, don’t you think so? Go ahead and shoot me anyway. Do it now!”

Slowly, Ernesto’s finger began to tug the trigger.

“Don’t!” Jordan screamed. “You must believe him. I myself do. If he wished to do us harm, he would have carried out his schemes on us by now.”

The man looked at Jordan, enraptured. “What is your lovely name, sweet young lady?”

“Jordan Sampa Valesquez.”

The man’s hazel eyes glittered with further gratification. “It is my pleasure to meet you, Miss Valesquez. I hope that you are a genuine Miss, and not the gentleman’s woman or possibly his wife. I am Trevin Daka myself.”

Jordan busted a gut. “It’s my pleasure to meet you too, Trevin. This gentleman you are referring to is Ernesto Valesquez, and no, he is not my lover or anything of that sort. He is my cousin.”

Ernesto was transforming red, but none of the two seemed to notice.

“My pleasure to hear all that, Jordan,” Trevin stated, a smile unfading from his face.

Jordan smiled too, an infatuated smile.

Ernesto could not tolerate with silence anymore. He burst, “So Trevy, what are you doing here? What brought you to this place?”

“I have been living here ever since you guys moved in here.”

“You are crazy, ain’t you?”

“No. For six nights now, I have been lying down on the sleeper sofa down in the lounge. The two of you sleep like dead men, you know.”

Jordan could not trust her ears. For six nights, they had been sharing their suite with a total stranger, and yet none of the two ever realized it? Her mouth suddenly dropped open.

“You are a preserver, aren’t you, Trevy?” Ernesto demanded in an impolite tone.

“One can easily tell that,” Trevin agreed, nodding his head.

“Then walk out of our suite and go straight to the brotherhood where you belong. Don’t tell me you have no home. Were you dumped? A street-kid? Oh, sorry, you’re too big to be a homeless child. In any case, you grew up as one, didn’t you? Nonetheless, how old are you, street-man?”

Jordan thundered. “Ernesto! You don’t have to be this insulting to him. He was about to explain himself.”

Trevin interrupted, “It is fine, Jordan. I will let the man know what he wishes to acquaint himself with. I am twenty-three years old, Mister Valesquez. I am no street child. I never grew up as one. And I have not ever felt, even for a moment, what it feels like to be one. I have a brotherhood where I belong, just like you have one too.”

Ernesto sighed and dislodged both his gaze and gun from the man. “Whatever,” he muttered to himself.

Trevin looked at Jordan. “I am here to seek your aid. As a matter of fact, we can help each other out—”

“Help each other out?” Ernesto ridiculed.

“Ernesto!” Jordan snapped, her eyes sharply narrowed.

That hushed him.

“We are both facing the same adversity that I have discovered while staying here. In fact, I have proven that the two of you are trustworthy. That is the basis why I am making an offer that we merge together our disjointed forces. We both have the same enemy. The eversors.”

Those two words—‘the eversors’—chilled Jordan’s blood. She stiffened from excessive horror.

The eversors were an unnatural breed that the preservers thought to be extinct centuries past. They were human-looking, but perilous, as they could translate into ravenous beasts that devoured living humans. So it was them that were to blame for all the dreadful deaths? How had they survived?

“You are joking, ain’t you?” Ernesto enquired, long-faced.

“This is no joke,” Trevin replied. “The eversors are back. They survived, and if we won’t act fast enough, they will uproot lives all over the African continent, and even the whole big world itself.”

“How is that possible?” Jordan stepped in.

“I will make that clear. Only if the two of you will follow me. Will you?”

“Where are you taking us?” Ernesto thundered, with a threatening expression.

“Do you put your faith in me or do you not?”

“We do,” Jordan answered fast.

“Fine,” Trevin decided. “Then follow me.”












CHAPTER SIX: A DEADLY SQUARE

Half an hour following that, the three (Ernesto and Jordan and Trevin) were ensconced in Ernesto’s Mercedes-Benz Lightning X5, with Trevin driving the fleeting car, and Jordan sitted in the passenger’s seat, and behind them, Ernesto relaxed in the leather seat, his head cocked up toward the low ceiling.

The car cruised like a bullet on the desolate road, swaying with squeals and screeches whenever it arrived where the road deflected and diverged.

High above the sprinting car, the moon gleamed over a calm and silent pitchy forest. It was as though all the creatures that lodged there were sleeping, or, if that was not the case, non-existent at all.

Jordan, suddenly bored, shifted her gaze from the hushed forest and looked at Trevin. “Do you have family?” She asked, her nut-brown eyes unmoving from him.

Glowing hazel eyes met hers. “I do. My twin sister, Ashley. You’ll meet her this very night. She is the only biological family that I have. Our father, Justice, who was a preserver and is now late, was of Irish ancestry. He was one hundred per cent white, ivory white skinned, with dark brown hair, and green eyes, and our mother, Natasha, was Zambian. She is now dead. And she was purely human. She met Justice while at final year of varsity in Kitwe. Therefore, my sister and I can fit anywhere entirely either in the human world or the preservers’ globe.”

Jordan smiled warmly. “Which world do you prefer? The human one, or the preservers’ one.”

“Your world, of course.”

Her smile extended. “Good to hear that.”

An hour later, they were still speeding on a clear road, a dust road to be accurate, which proceeded in between a broad and grisly forest, one with lofty and giant trees. As the car tore its way, headlights and taillights gleaming, a billow of dust arose into the air behind it.

Minutes flew by. The car was still streaking on the contracted road hemmed in with waving grass.

At long last, it screeched to a hurried halt, tires squawking and boring into the ground. A swell of dust arose.

Trevin flung his door open and stepped out.

Jordan followed, and eventually Ernesto.

“What the hell is this?” Ernesto, with an encumbered and yet unfriendly expression, inquired. His eyes were locked on a three-story structure, all glistening glass with the lights drooping from a glossy glass ceiling, enlightening its glass-walled rooms through which laboratory equipment could be clearly seen. The furnishings themselves were ruined and even scattered on the glass floor, and a section of the structure’s glass walls were fractured and filled with zigzagging cracks.

“It’s a laboratory,” Trevin explained. “This is where our problem began. The eversors were kept in secrecy right here until the moment they escaped from their confinement and killed all the Jewish scientists that ran the laboratory, apart from one, Dan Altman. He survived and he is in there with my sister, Ashley.”

“After fleeing from this place, the squad of voracious eversors went on to other concealed laboratories, run by Jewish scientists too, and they butchered and ate all the scientists there and freed those of their kind. They repeated that until all of the secretly present laboratories were over and done with.”

“How were they able to do all that and discover all the stealthily functioning laboratories?” Jordan posed.

“The eversors have a pre-eminent sense of smell. Their ability to smell is so effective, much more powerful than our ableness to perform anything. They can trace the scent of any living creature and be capable of identifying it, even from an extremely great distance, say nine hundred miles. To them, each scent for every individual creature is completely distinct. Wholly contrasted. That said, they are able to sniff each other’s scent and run after it until they find one another. That also empowers them to trace and ensnare their prey very easily. It is also rumored that they can communicate with one another through smelling and are even able to produce mental pictures of a particular place through that powerful efficiency.”

Jordan cringed. “Can they smell us right now from wherever it is that they are?”

Trevin laughed. “Yes. But that is nothing to fret about. Except when an eversor is famished, it doesn’t trouble to follow a countless scents of prey that constantly teases its nostrils. And when it is actually hungry, chances are the closest prey to it will not be you.”

“And if I am?” Jordan asked.

“Then consider yourself dead,” Trevin sniggered. “Will the two of you please come after me?” With that mentioned, he walked away.

Jordan and Ernesto exchanged bewildered glances, and then followed him.

“Why the heck did these Hebrew scientists conserve such a pernicious race of disastrous beings?” Ernesto questioned.

“I don’t even know that myself,” Trevin replied. “But rumor is it the blood of an eversor, when alloyed with certain natural herbs, can cure any kind of human disease, any fatal sickness at all.”

“How many are they?” Jordan voiced.

“A several thousand, it is assumed.”

“They are not that much abundant,” Ernesto expressed.

Trevin swayed his neck back to stare at him. “But they will be that much abundant in a matter of years. That is if we don’t act fast enough to wipe them from existence.”

“You gotta be kidding me,” Ernesto stated. “I heard that the eversors are a family of exclusive males. With penises, of course. Or are they queer? Child-bearing ones that have uteruses and wombs planted somewhere deep enough in the midst of their legs?”

At that, Jordan directed Ernesto a glare.

He uplifted his hands. “What, Jordan? I am simply asking a question.”

Trevin sighed and related, “You are right, Ernesto. The eversors do have penises. But then you are mistaken. They have no uteruses, neither do they possess wombs.”

“Then how do they reproduce?”

“Through the utility of human women. The eversors are fond of carrying off attractive women and forcing them to themselves. They keep on doing that until the woman falls pregnant, and then, after twelve exact months—never nine months—the woman gives birth to a set of twelve eversoric children. The children weigh one kilogram each, and they look perfectly and entirely human. Their hazardous nature starts to manifest itself at puberty, when they are finally able to transform into unnatural beasts. At that point, they cease to live human lives and eat ordinary human food, and go on to hunt and devour their newly-found human enemies.”

Jordan questioned. “What happens to their human mothers? Don’t they ever give birth to female eversors?”

“There is no such thing as a female eversor. It is an abomination, a curse itself—an impossibility. All eversoric children are born male. There is no known or rumored record of one that was born female.

“As for their mothers, they all die at giving birth. As their pregnancies are unnatural and overly enormous and burdensome to bear, they cannot heal after their intolerable labor. The only method through which they can deliver is by the rupturing of their stomachs. Their children cannot emerge out through their…their…cervix. If that is the case, then it will burst, and she will bleed to instant death. But the children themselves, they are always alive and kicking and strong and ever boys. Never girls.”

Jordan was not yet satisfied. “And after that, do their fathers nurture them all the way up till adulthood and even abduct other women for extended reproduction?”

“Yes. They abduct unshapely women to take care of their numberless children. The attractive ones are solely for reproduction, and well, enjoyment. Nothing more than that. If the nannies do not perform their obligations well, they risk being eaten alive. Every eversoric man must marry or have sex with a different woman every particular year, and, taking into account that they have a life span of ninety years, less twenty years of reaching consummate puberty from that, and you remain with seventy years, from which one is expected to generate eight hundred and forty children in his lifetime, a figure derived from multiplying seventy years by twelve children made every year. Not forgetting that we have a several thousand eversors out there, say seven thousand, in ninety years time, putting forward that they are all presently mature, we’ll have seven million, five hundred and sixty thousand eversors, arrived at by multiplying seven thousand by twelve children produced every year by ninety years. Times that by another twelve children and ninety years and you have eight billion, one hundred and sixty four million and eight hundred thousand eversors living in the next one hundred and eighty years, which is roughly two centuries. Do you now see? Two centuries from now, earth will be swarmed with man-eating beings that will outnumber us, and in an additional ninety years, that race will at last wipe us out from existence. Which, according to the bible, is not how this earth will end, apart from Jesus Christ’s return to Earth as the glorious Son of God and King of Kings in the clouds above.”

Jordan and Ernesto were deeply quiet and perplexed. They had totally run out of any words.

At that stage, the parleying three had tramped into the glass-fashioned laboratory and marched past dry bones of spiritless scientists whose clawed white coats were scattered on the floor and daubed with dry blood. Some of the skeletons had missing skulls and fractured bones.

Even the elevator that the three walked into was formed of unyielding glass. Its roof was glass too, and so were the lights and buttons. Everything here was glass-framed. Everything. Even the floor tiles.

The elevator sank beneath the first floor after Trevin had pressed down the button numbered ‘98.’ Jordan and Ernesto glanced at each other, astonished.

“Why are we dropping?” Jordan asked. “I thought that we would arise up to the next floor.”

Trevin smiled deviously. “We’re headed for the ninety-eighth floor beneath.”

Ernesto asked, “You mean this laboratory has underground floors beneath?”

Trevin did not quit his treacherous smile.”Yes. A hundred and fifty four of them. That was where they reserved the eversors all these extensive years.”

Jordan and Ernesto merely traded startled glances this time.

In a matter of minutes, roughly five minutes, the elevator’s obscure glass doors slid open to put to view a colossal and lightened room that had polished steel walls and an expansive and elevated glass ceiling with glowing white lights. The floor was made of rigid and impenetrable stone.

Five minutes was all that the elevator required to whisk down past ninety-seven floors. It had descended with lightning speed, and yet without the slightest shaking or juddering. In fact, those few five minutes that Ernesto and Jordan and Trevin had stood in the dropping elevator, it appeared to them that the elevator was not moving at all, when it actually was. There was not any sound made, not even a click or ting, even as the doors slid open.

Trevin, certain and undaunted, stepped first into the giant room that appeared before him and the astound two and paused to examine everything. Jordan then followed him. And at long last Ernesto.

There were unbending iron cages, a countless of them, whose doors gaped wide open. Nothing was present inside them. Nothing at all.

As Jordan and Ernesto walked past the numberless cages, following Trevin’s lead, they came to find a beautiful lady, with very long raven hair that reached her thighs, velvety black eyes, and flawless light brown skin. She was dressed in very tight lastic-like black pants that ended on her ankles, and over this she wore a lengthy and flowing cherry red garment that was wrapped to veil her nude chest, and it also had slits starting from her waist and proceeding down to her feet on both her left and right sides. Her shiny hair swung down her back and even down her chest and stomach. She was tall, slim, and undeniably pretty. And in addition named Ashley, Jordan speculated.

Next to her was a light-skinned Chinese man with dark blue eyes and agleam long raven hair. He was fully handsome in black slacks, hardy black shoes, and a pleasant jacket that stretched down to his knees on his back, and, conflicting this, shortened to his waist on the front. He seemed to be in his early forties.

Close to the short-heightened Chinese man was a lanky and athletic-looking chocolate brown skinned boy with drawn-out and loosened Afro hair and restless and prompt amber eyes. He had on unsoiled black pants and a reduced black jacket with the big brown buttons set loose to disclose a spotless white shirt.

Next to him was an ordinary looking human, a frail and elderly pale scientist dressed in white and blue laboratory apparel and moreover big odd-looking glasses. His hair was wholly dark, his body a skinny one. Dan Altman, Jordan pondered at seeing him.

Trevin introduced the stranger four to the bewildered-looking two, and made Jordan and Ernesto known to the tarrying four. The pretty young lady was without doubt his sister, Ashley Daka. And the short Chinese man was Zack Wang. Choolwe Mayaba was the Afro-haired and athletic-looking boy. He was nineteen, Jordan discovered. And like she had guessed, the frail but elderly man was the precise Jewish scientist, Dan Altman.

Greetings and warm smiles were traded between the blissful six.

Trevin then carried on, “If you don’t take offence at it, I would like to show Jordan and Ernesto what we are having here.”

“Sure.” Ashley nodded. She was friendly and obliging.

Trevin guided the calm six to the solely locked cage where there were barred in three energetic and unspeaking men. They all knelt down unmoving inside the cage, their heads bowed downwards, their eyes vigilant but motionless.

“We have got three eversors here, ladies and gentlemen,” Trevin announced in that presumptuous manner that he always did.

Jordan stared closely at them. The strongest of them had dark chocolate skin, was bald-headed, and he also had shrewd, spirited brown eyes. Pale skin, ash brown hair, bustling green eyes, were the features of the man very close to him. The last one was also pale, with black eyes and sandy hair. Together, the three looked perfectly human that one could easily contradict that they were unmerciful man-eaters or eversors.

“Eversors?” Jordan voiced in astonishment, her voice so low that it could barely be heard.

Trevin heard her. “Yes, Jordan. They are eversors.”

“How can you distinguish them from normal humans?” Ernesto asked.

“You can’t,” Dan Altman answered in a strengthless and shaky voice. “There is no way to tell except when they transform. They can’t remain in human form forever, as they have to hunt and feed in their tangible un-human form.”

After declaring that, Dan wandered away to fetch from a nearby refrigerator a piece of blood-dripping human hand which he tossed straight into the cage.

Jordan cringed. “Where did that come from? Did you butcher someone?”

“No,” answered Dan. “That’s the hand of one of my associate deceased scientist, Adam Berkovich, who was killed by the eversors that escaped. I reserved it so as to feed the eversors this moment.”

Jordan made a face. “Can they not eat anything else apart from human meat?”

“We are their prey,” Dan said with a fright-less expression. “There is no other.” As he said that, the green-eyed eversor looked straight at him with threatening eyes. Dan backed off the cage on quivering feet.

“What have you been feeding them all along?” Ernesto voiced.

“Human meat, of course,” Dan replied.

“Where did you get it?” Jordan asked.

Dan glowered at her. “We stole it. From the mortuaries that is. At times we stole it right from a given accident spot before the police arrived.”

“Why were you keeping them?” Ernesto demanded.

Dan’s glower shifted to him. “Their blood is so precious. It can be used to make medicine that can heal any sort of illness. “

“Now we are all in trouble because of your brainless and selfish deeds,” Ernesto barked at him, pacing after him as if he intended to beat him up.

Trevin stepped quickly between the two of them. He faced Ernesto. “Stop it please. We are not here to fight. But to resolve this.”

Ernesto sighed in embarrassment. “You are right.” He glared at Dan for one fleeting second.

Something happened behind them. The eversors, that had been un-stirring all along, bustled abruptly toward their meat, mouths dropping to bare razor-edged teeth, growls issuing forth from their clenched teeth, eyes shining red, cutting claws shooting from hands that were gradually being overspread with long fur.

The bald-headed man,  scrambling like an animal, snatched the bleeding hand first and fled, but, while his sharp teeth sunk deep enough into the darksome flesh, his associates, disappointed and furious, pursued him and captured him and then shoved him painfully against the bars of the cage.

He growled, eyes flashing a deep red, lips splitting to lay to view a gnawed piece of meat whose blood tinged his fiery teeth.

The two others seized the bloody hand from him and ripped it into two between them. They devoured it insatiably and hungrily.

Jordan and Ernesto watched the scene with utter horror. The rest did not quail, or enlarge their eyes like these two did.

Convulsing from rage, the bald-headed man, with his hands set on the bars of the cage, released a profoundly deafening growl and all of a sudden reduced fur emerged all over his body, even on his head, his eyes glittering a blinding intense red so that no one could look at him direct in the eyes. The penetrating light from his eyes made Trevin and all the others unexpectedly transfer their inquisitive gazes away from him.

The claws that had shot forth from his hands and feet elongated. The shape of his face altered so that it became spherical-like and his bared razor-edged teeth lengthened at that moment. What looked like cutting bones emerged from his back.

As the man converted into his complete eversoric form, the jeans he wore, with no shirt at all, were rent, but not completely. Then, having been through the transformation proceeding, he revolved to face the two fully-translated and furry eversors. Gazing at them, they all looked alike, except that the formerly bald-headed man had gray fur whereas his familiars had white and black-mixed-with-white fur.

The two white-furred eversors bolted toward the gray one.

The gray eversor, growling, turned and hurried towards the bars of the cage as if attempting to flee. With astonishing vigor, it grasped the bars of the cage and dislodged them off from their spot. It stuck its growling head out and ripped off additional bars and bended those that could not be fully moved off.

Dan yelped out and ran away for his endangered life.

The totally white eversor reached the gray one and cast it out of the cage through the newly-formed rifts along with itself. They both collapsed down, gnawing and tearing each other with their keen-edged claws. It appeared that the gray one was the strongest one.

The remaining eversor stepped out of the cage peacefully, looking at the terrified and astound army of six. Dan had gone on to hide himself behind the refrigerator, from where he was peeking.

“Let us set upon them,” Ashley issued a command in a high-sounding voice.

Zack Wang started first after the eversor. As he proceeded toward it, it stared at him in the eyes, and the vehement red light gushing from its eyes deprived him of his sight. He stared away. The eversor, quick as electricity, raced to him and hit him in the chest with its tense fist so that he soared his way to hammer into the wall and tumble down, impaired.

Ashley stepped in quickly. She pulled out a bow and arrow that was annexed to an injection, the needle of the injection being the keen arrow itself. Then, having located the arrow on the string of the bow, she unloosed it at the eversor.

The eversor was struck in the throat, and at that second, its eyes dilated in excessive pain, its lips detaching. It staggered forward and eventually collapsed down, eyes slowly shutting while it slipped into a torpor of unfeelingness and anesthesia.

Ashley breathed.

“Behind you, Ashley,” Choolwe suddenly notified her.

She whirled around on the spur of the moment, too late. The gray-furred eversor, that had just refrained from warring with its counterpart, reached her and seized her throat and carried her off her spot so as to ram her into the nearby glass wall.

She cried out in deep-felt pain as cracks developed in the wall.

The eversor released her so that she slid down, strengthless and impotent.

Behind it, Choolwe, a dirk grasped in his hand, and his unbuttoned jacket waving behind him in the air, with his amber eyes pinched, and lips pressed, sped, upraising his dirk high enough so that he could jab it in the back and have the dirk arise out through its chest, having pierced and ravaged its heart.

The eversor, wary with regard to Choolwe’s rapid motion, wheeled abruptly and captured his hand. As such, it hindered him from stabbing it.

Making use of its free hand, it struck a solid blow into his chest, one that bore him up off his spot and drove him flying backward to beat into the farther wall.

He collapsed down, hands trembling, his body twitching in unendurable pain. There was left an enormous crack in the wall, right on the spot where he had knocked his back on.

The eversor checked around. Jordan and Trevin were knelt down before Zack, whom they had rushed to examine just after he had been knocked to near death by the now unconscious black-white eversor. Ashley and Choolwe lay down prostrate on the floor, shuddering as though they were afflicted with never-ending coldness. Dan, the cowardly scientist, stood trembling behind the cover of a lofty refrigerator. Ernesto, the sole one who stood to confront the eversor, even tramping towards it, pulled out a shimmering and keen sword and hastened after it.

As he approached it, the eversor dashed a few steps toward him and spun high into the air, high enough that it progressed above him so as to ground down behind him.

He revolved after it. It escaped with tearing rapidity, following the entirely white eversor that was hurrying for the open elevator. Ernesto chased it.

The eversor stepped into the elevator and hastily turned after him. The doors instantly began to seal, glittering impenetrable glass sliding toward gleaming unyielding glass. As the doors steadily closed, the two eversors turned back to their ordinary human form—their claws retreating back into their flesh, their fur shortening and eventually vanishing, the red brilliance in their eyes ceasing to exist, the bone-like elements that had emerged on their backs falling back in, and their spherical faces reverting to their normal shapes.

Ernesto made it to the elevator behind time. The doors had fully sealed by then. He roared in fury and stroked his sword on the enclosed glass.

Trevin yelled behind him, “Don’t worry. The two of us will hunt them out and bring them back. Jordan, you stay here and look after everyone. Ernesto and I will go after them.”

Jordan blinked in surprise. “Why bring them back here and not do away with them?”

“We still have use for them,” Trevin replied.

“What use?” She grimaced.

“I will explain that when we return.”

Ashley got up on her feet, quaking. “I am coming with you two.”

All gazes shifted to her.

“You look unsuitable to hunt in your condition,” Trevin observed.

She protested, advancing towards him. “You are aware that I am a very strong woman, Trevin.  I can stand anything. Anything I say.”

Ernesto asked Trevin. “What do you think? Is she coming with us or not?”

“She is ungovernable. I can’t hold her from doing anything she wants to.”

Ernesto started for the elevator. Trevin stopped him, notifying him, “Don’t even try to. It won’t open until the man-eaters have stirred their way out. Only one elevator here serves the whole building. So we will take the stairs.”

Ernesto paused.”Won’t the stairs us that much long?”

Ashley answered that. “Not at all. They are moving stairs. Not an escalator exactly. But something much faster. We will arrive on the first floor in just three minutes or even less. But then, be prepared to go through rounds of dizzy headaches. Which, I guarantee you, will be short-lived.”



















CHAPTER SEVEN: ASHLEY UNCONSCIOUS

The stair flight was quick than Ashley Daka had mentioned. She told Ernesto that they would travel to the first floor in three precise minutes, or even less, which turned out to be a lie, as they had sped past ninety-seven floors in two exact minutes. The stairs themselves had plastic seats, where Ernesto and Ashley and Trevin had sank into and secured their safety belts and moreover wore full-face helmets that shut their sight and shielded them from any painful headaches. As such, the quiet three had not witnessed the rapidity with which the stairs had moved, but had merely felt their seats joggling and the stairs stirring with a subdued whirring sound.

Upon their arrival on the first floor, the mute three loosed their safety belts and removed their helmets. Their first vision was the two eversoric men exiting an opened elevator and running out of the laboratory. They pursued them.

In the shadowy forest, the five ran, one behind the other. Foremost ahead of everyone was the bald-headed man, proceeded by his ash brown companion, then Ashley, and behind her Trevin, who was followed by the irresistible Ernesto.

Of the five, the two eversor men were bare-footed, which was not the case with the remaining preserver three. Bare feet pressed forward through sharp stones and unseen thorns. Feet harbored by boots crunched on rocks and twigs, snapping and shattering them. Even so, the stripped feet that stepped on cutting stones and perilous thorns were not slit or scratched in any way.

Ashley drew near and nearer the pale man each fleeting second. She extracted her bow while in swift motion, then her envenomed arrow, with venom that simply neutralized its sufferer, and within one quick second, she had flew her arrow off to jab her enemy in the back.

He staggered a few more steps, then repossessed his balance, and ultimately, having raced normally like he had before, began staggering a second time only to tumble down to the ground, his heart pounding fast than normal, sweat streaming down his face in heavy drops, his breath slowing and becoming faint, his eyes rolling so that they became white. The venom was in operation.

Ashley made it to him three minutes later. By that time, he was not moving, neither was he conscious at all.

She ignored him and went after his associate, leaving him lying down there on the shadowy ground, his eyes sealed, the arrow transfixed on his back, one shoulder pressed down against the ground, his disarranged hair waving in the chilly-streaming breeze.

When Trevin and Ernesto found him, they imagined that he was dead. Both stood to inspect him.

“Could he truly be dead?” Ernesto asked the second time.

“We were wrong,” Trevin concluded. “He is still alive. She neutralized him with the poison laid upon the arrow.”

“What do we do now?” Ernesto asked.

“You watch him. I will go after Ashley, just in case she needs my help.”

“Fine.”

Trevin disappeared into a collection of shady, towering trees. Ernesto heard his feet ruffling through dried, fallen leaves and stamping on un-discernable tall grass.

Trevin shot through the trees like a bullet, hands thrashing back and forward, hair rippling behind him, eyes tightening as though that would empower him to obtain a better view of the limitless forest before him. As he ran, something growled noisily ahead of him. He raised up his head.

The growl noised another time.

Ashley had notched up twice the bald-headed man with poison-free arrows on his back. He had stumbled forward so as to knock into a tree and eventually pace back away from it. And it was the transpiercing of each arrow into his skin, twice in total and so excruciating that it felt like his whole back was being licked with hell flames, that had caused the man to growl so noisily and fiercely. Even Ernesto heard him growl twice.

Positive, with a half-quelled smile on her face, Ashley slowed her hurry to a leisurely walk toward the man, putting her bow and unused arrows back to their former place.

The man, pirouetted toward her, enraged, his eyes suddenly flaming a fierce red, his bared teeth elongating and growing sharp. He lurched toward her, casting his hand at her, and as it moved in the air, cutting claws came out.

The claws dug their way flimsily across her forehead. She cried out as sudden pain struck her scalp.

The man booted her against the tree that he had recently knocked into with his forehead. Her back jarred on its bark, her emotions being a swell of deathless pain.

She yelped.

There came a succession of compact blows into her face, blows made from perfectly human hands shaped into hard fists. Ashley collapsed from the tree to the cold ground, and the last thing she saw through her blurred eyesight were red-blazing eyes looking away from her. After this, there was silence, then the sound of feet plodding toward her, and she felt cold hands grabbing her and a soft manly voice hissing into her ears, “Ashley, I love you. I will evermore love you, my dear sister. I will ever care about you. Ever.”

It was Trevin Daka, without doubt. At that thought, she passed out, her partly-opened eyes fully shutting. Trevin watched her stealthy and last movement with tearful eyes, and, struck with grief, he laid his head down on his unconscious sister’s chest. Threads of his long dark hair swept across droplets of fresh blood that were slowly streaming down her face, having sourced from her bruised forehead.















CHAPTER EIGHT: WAR

Minutes later, Trevin emerged from gathered and darksome trees, carrying a seemingly lifeless Ashley in his arms, and as he tramped toward Ernesto, who immediately looked up at him with eyes narrowed in derangement, he allowed out a breath of easement. An unconscious eversor—the ash brown haired man—lay unmoving close to Ernesto, who had been heedfully keeping an eye on him.

“What happened?” Ernesto said, rising up from where he was crouched.

“The bastard assailed and overpowered her,” Trevin answered.

“Is she still breathing?”

“Of course, she still is.”

“Do you need any of my assistance?”

“No, man. Thanks. Just carry the insensate man and come after me.”

Ernesto obeyed.

At the laboratory, Ashley was laid down on a bed in the room where they had left Jordan and the others. A pillow was set underneath her head and her wide, far-reaching raven hair, lightening as though it had just been shampooed, was arranged pleasantly and tidily on the white duvets beneath her.     

The two eversor men, one in human form, and the other one in his unnatural form—had been laid to rest in another railed cage, one that had not been damaged. They were not breathless though. Just merely relishing in a very deep slumber. An extremely deep one.

Ernesto, Trevin, Jordan, Dan, Choolwe, Zack—were grouped around Ashley’s bed, looking down sullenly at her.

Jordan spoke first. “What do we do now?”

Dan stared at Ernesto, his countenance an appalled one. Ernesto stared at Choolwe, seeming confound and devoid of any opinions. Choolwe stared at Zack, his expression a blunt one. Zack finally stared at Trevin, the last one in the circle, and who stood next to Jordan, awaiting him to say something.

Sadly, Trevin didn’t. He only stood there, his pensive eyes not stirring away from Ashley.

“Do we give up just like that?” Jordan asked.

Trevin replied immediately, “No way.  Not when they are coming after us.”

“What do you mean?” Jordan was bewildered.

Trevin took out a rather petite gadget from the pocket of his knee-length jacket, a remote control to be precise, and pressed down an enormous green button, having pointed at a farther-sited glass wall.

The wall, with a deep crack on it, formed when Ronan had knocked into it, slid upward to uncover another wall, a clear one with no any cracks or scratches on it, and one that was not obscure but painless to see through.

Behind this wall, in a giant room with metallic walls and a tin ceiling as well, there sat on a sole bed (the sole furniture in the room), a highly handsome and attractive man, obviously in his mid twenties, who had flawless bronze skin, lengthy chestnut brown hair, just like a preserver’s, and calm but bright pitch black eyes. His sighting sent a warm sensation swimming through Jordan’s blood. He was to the core very beautiful and manly and well-proportioned and virile-looking. The most gorgeous man she had ever laid eyes on. The most gorgeous man in the entire world! He was farther beyond the fantasies of any woman. So…so…so beautiful!

Jordan ran out of breath the instant this most handsome man laid eyes on her. He was utterly entranced by what he saw. He seemed to fall under a spell of infatuation.

She stared away from him, aware that his eyes were still on her. She could feel their intense gazing.

“What is that?” She asked Trevin, referring to the room where Mr. Excessively Handsome was.

“It’s a cell.”

“A cell?” She elevated an eyebrow. “And who is that man inside there?”

“Anthony. Anthony I.”

“Anthony I? Is he a king at that youthful age? And of what realm?”

“He is not yet a king. But he will be. In the future, that is. He is a prince. A prince of the complete eversoric race. They are coming back for him any moment now.”

Jordan stared at him again. She was right. He was still ogling her. Like he was under an irremediable spell of infatuation.

“He looks like a preserver with that long hair of his,” she observed.

 “He is half-blood,” Dan related. “His mother was a preserver, and his father an eversor, a king to be precise. The same is true with his twin young brother, Busiku. Both brothers are a hybrid of the preserver and eversoric races.”

“Does he transmute like his subjects?” Ernesto asked.

Choolwe shook his head. “No. He is ever in human form. But he is privileged to possess the most powerful smelling efficiency among his race. He can build definite images of what he is smelling, moving images. And he can as well smell anything in the world, no matter how far it is. You cannot run away from him. He will in the end trace you. And using his ingenuity to smell, he can strip you of your breath wherever you are in the world. He is the most dangerous of the eversoric kind, just like the king and any royal members, who possess the same abilities.”

Dan shivered as he faced Trevin. “What is your plan with him?”

“He will be our bait to entrap and destroy the enemy.”

“What if he forewarns his troops about what we are up to before we even lead them into our trap unnoticed and eventually uproot them?” Jordan fretted. “Didn’t you state that the eversors are able to communicate through their skill of smell?” 

“Yes, they are able to,” Trevin declared. “But he doesn’t possess the same power, like any royal family member, say his brother, Busiku. Unless otherwise. But if that is the case, which I hope to be true, then he won’t be able to caution them about what we are up to.”

Jordan breathed out, scowling.

“Choolwe,” Trevin directed. “Fetch him.”

Choolwe acted right away. As he marched toward the pellucid-glassed wall, Trevin aimed his device at it, and hit down a huge red button, so that the transparent glass wall slipped down into the floor, and as such, there was nothing to block him up from walking to Anthony.

Anthony sat down on his lone bed, his hands secured with cuffs that were joined by a long series of resistant chains. Choolwe yanked him up from his bed and steered him away from the room.

While Choolwe walked toward Trevin, with Anthony in his enduring but tinkling chains, Trevin stared at Zack and vociferated, “You stay here with Choolwe. When the eversors arrive, lead them into the traps we prepared, and then blast up this entire place. Do not kill yourselves in the process. The rest are coming with me.” 

Having said that, Trevin aimed his remote at the cell where Anthony had been, and pressed down a purple button. A small cylindrical opening formed in the metal-framed wall, and from it, something, with a clinking sound, was flung out to soar towards him in the air.

He simply lifted his hand up and within a split second, it was in his hands, expertly nabbed; he then handed it over to Choolwe.

“Spray it on yourself,” Trevin counseled. “All the while Anthony had been in the cell, his scent was being collected and reserved into that bottle of scentless perfume. Once you spray it on yourself, we have two people in the world who smell like Anthony. Him and yourself.”

Choolwe sprayed the colorless liquid over his clothes. He sniffed himself and commented, “I smell…different.”

“Good,” Trevin stated, assigning him a quick nod and grinning to himself.

“What is the purpose of all this?” Jordan asked.

Trevin looked at her. “Choolwe and Zack are remaining here . Anthony is coming with us. That way, we will disorder his coming battalions. They will smell two Anthonies. The one travelling with us. And the one staying here. That way, they will have no alternative but to split up. Some will come after us, and some will proceed on to the lab here. That done, it will be much easy to snare and slay them when they are divided than when they are a numberless army.”

“You are a genius indeed,” Jordan acknowledged.

He bowed his head down to her. “Thank you very much, Miss Valesquez.”

“You are welcome.”

Trevin searched for Ernesto. “Will you please carry my sister for me? Mr. Altman will drive her. And I will be keeping a steadfast eye on him…Anthony.”

Ernesto made a quick move.

Minutes late, Jordan and Trevin and Ernesto and Ashley and Dan and Anthony exited the laboratory in two separate cars—Ernesto’s Mercedes-Benz Lightning X5 and Dan’s Kieva Strawn GS7 (a brown and stretched car that solely accommodated two people). Jordan, Ernesto, Trevin, and Anthony, sat in the red car, with Trevin driving and Jordan relaxed besides him, and two silent men settled behind them, one secured in heavy chains. Dan sat alone with an unconscious Ashley who was laid in the seat right next to him, mumbling something unclear every now and then without even waking.

For thirty minutes, the two cars tore on a vacant road, a long distance existing between them. The nimble red Mercedes-Benz was many miles away from the slow brown Kieva.

Even as the car streaked, Anthony’s mind was on Choolwe and Zack left behind. He could smell them. But instead of identifying Choolwe’s scent, he identified his own exact scent. Even if that was the case, that didn’t hinder him from sighting Choolwe. He was watching each and every movement that he made, in spite of not hearing what he said whenever his chocolate-colored lips vibrated.

In addition to that, Anthony traced the scent of the army that was coming to free him. They were one thousand and two hundred in total, all half-naked and mighty men in bleached jeans. As they had divorced upon sniffing two similar Anthony scents, a thousand had advanced to the laboratory, and the remainder, ushered by his brother, Busiku, bronze-skinned just like him, with very long chestnut dark hair, and coal black eyes, had followed the speeding car. The bald-headed man, Jason being his name, and whose every movement  Anthony was keeping an eye on since he fled from the laboratory, was among the men that Busiku headed. Busiku, who was inexperienced with using his powers, was not able to discern the trap before them. Had he not been untrained and unskilled, he could have effortlessly seen it and even warned the others. But it was not so.

Nevertheless, for the most part, Anthony’s eye was on Choolwe. Choolwe himself did not feel it, or even suspect it in any least manner. He and Zack waited in silence on the first floor, concealed from outward view with the inward darkness, and they were carrying firearms, which they were vigilantly aiming at the dark forest.

“Do you think the man-eaters will show up?” Choolwe broke the silence.

Zack frowned, unseen to Choolwe’s eyes, but Anthony, being far away, noted it. “Maybe. Maybe not.”

“I feel like giving up, man.”

“Don’t even think of it.” It was a grave warning, and not a counsel.

“This feels like garbage,” Choolwe grumbled. “It tastes like shit—”

“Shhh!” Zack interrupted, looking carefully at the unmoving forest. “I think that I heard something moving in there.”

“You are dreaming, dude.”

“I’m not, fella; I am awake; I am sure that something is moving right in that swarm of darkness before us.”

“Geez. Or jeez, dude. I am so afraid; I am shit-scared like a dead man’s soul which has just been sentenced to spend an eternity in hell—”

Zack barked angrily, “Shut up, bloke, and keep your focus.”

At that instant, abundant growls, sounding like peals of thunder, erupted like a noise-some and sudden volcano from the lightless forest. The growls chimed and pealed and itched in Zack and Choolwe’s ears, cutting short their hearing for a little while. Then, proceeding that, a numberless pair of red-blazing eyes brightened the forest like a moon glowing in the sky, flooded and streaming with blood. The eversors had arrived and hemmed in the laboratory.

Choolwe screamed, “They are here, Zack.”

Zack urged, “Shoot.”

The two opened fire at once, right when the army of half-naked and transforming men were marching straight toward them. The bullets whizzed, faster than some eversors were whizzing at their enemies. Eyes were drilled, keen-edged teeth were smashed as if they were made of glass, testicles were hit and they burst like chicken eggs, hearts, covered deep inside muscular chests, were penetrated, and flooded veins were struck so that there was a heavy downpour of blood on the dry and thirsty and freezing ground. Growls modulated into dying wails, and affrightened screams into shouts of triumph. The war was frightful and fierce.

Fast forward to ten minutes, and the ground was overflowing with drying blood, three hundred strong men dead, all butchered from every side of the laboratory. While Zack and Ronan gunned them down, the walls of the room they were in were burst into a million glittering pieces that showered all over the floor.

Having killed three hundred men, not real human beings, Choolwe and Zack sped up to the second floor. The surviving men bolted toward the laboratory in great numbers.

Zack and Choolwe stepped into a room, shut the door, and locked it. They went on to take their stands in the centre, having searched out and carried additional firearms. Then, with Zack tapping his foot on a red-colored tile, a square of glasses, walls to be specific, emerged and dropped from the ceiling until they knocked down over the floor, sheltering them. Then, with that accomplished, the latest square room descended down into the floor and past the ceiling of the room below it grounded down on the floor that was strewn with cutting pieces of glass.

While they travelled down, a host of the half-unclad men had packed inside the broad room beneath. As such, as the square-walled room grounded down—its glass transparent, and lightened up in contrast to the broad, lightless room—some of the half-unclad men had been squashed down by its floor until their bodies were mashed to jelly so that they yielded all their flow of blood. Twenty men were squashed to slow but intensely painful death. Their screams for aid died down in just a matter of minutes. Bones were crunched, along with the respective skulls that they were connected to.

Zack and Choolwe, victorious, exchanged temporary glances and Zack tapped the red tile with his foot once more. Openings appeared in the ceiling, from where there sprang down copper-made showers, showers that sprinkled down secrunotin, a highly inflammable and colorless oily liquid, of which, a droplet was sufficient to set one ablaze when put into contact with the slightest heat, and it would char the individual until they were nothing but consummate ashes.

With the secrunotin sprinkled on two hundred alive men, the ceiling itself, with copper showers that had poured down the secrunotin having receded back in to their former place and the openings themselves from where they had appeared sealed, produced too much heat, scorching the room like it was an oven.

That precise moment, all the men present inside were set on rapid fire. The next second, the whole room itself was on fire. The glass that protected Zack and Choolwe was engulfed with wild flames that did not blacken it at all. It was one hundred per cent fire resistant.

Wails and howls and growls pealed from the uncontrolled flames. But it lasted one or two moments later, those that had been clothed with the flames reduced to total ashes.

Zack tapped the red tile again, and pretrose, a fire extinguishing liquid, showered down from the ceiling and put out all the wildly dancing flames. With that done, the glass harboring Zack and Choolwe cracked by itself. They were alone in the centre of the room, surrounded by ashes that were scattered all over the floor.

Hundreds of living eversors, in half-human and part-eversoric form, dashed after them from outside.

Choolwe and Zack stared at each other, then grinned, and, standing in a position where their backs faced each other, they leveled their arms at the endless horde of half-clad men and picked the triggers like a frantic rock band strumming their heavy guitars on stage (the solely lit part in a broad and darksome room).

Dancing like deranged fans put under an overpowering spell, the men, one after another, dropped down to the floor, riddled with bullets all over their bodies so that their discharge of blood was a never-ending one. They screamed and yelped and growled, only to hail death at long last as a sweet and preferred form of relief from their miry and infinite pain.

The firing went on, bullets rattling and crackling at an unbroken pace, and sparkling for a little while as they flew their way, even lightening the room up to some extent.

Minutes later, Choolwe and Zack ran out of bullets, and surrounding them were two hundred or so men whose bodies were bullet-riddled and awfully mangled and wholly lacerated and horribly marred. As Choolwe and Zack stood, checking out the lifeless bodies, blood ran to their feet and rushed under their boots.

The eversors outside—four hundred and eighty in number—hurried into the room after them, growling and yowling savagely. At noticing that, the unprotected two ran away, heading for a flight of unmoving  wooden stairs, and they proceeded down to a below-ground garage. The legion of eversors followed them.

With concrete walls and a concrete floor, a broad and glossy glass ceiling, fluorescent lights, and an orderly mass of stationery cars, the garage itself was one such massive and tidy place.

Here, Choolwe and Zack hopped into a shiny black Genzarro XL. It was a very expensive car, uncommon to spot anywhere in the world with fifteen of them composed so far in diverse colors, and it had room to accommodate only five individuals. Besides that, it was known for being the fastest car in the world, able to journey from Cape Town (the farthest south of Africa) to Cairo in Egypt (the farthest north) in just twenty-four hours. It ran with the most deadliest speed, and for that reason, most countries had outlawed its possession and sale, South Africa and Egypt themselves inclusive.

In this car, Choolwe and Zack left the garage, heading straight into a two-laned tunnel that served as an underground egress to the laboratory.

While leaving, the two had hammered past three men in complete eversoric form who had sought to blockade them by standing in their way. The men, their bones rent with a sharp cracking sound, had been launched to fall farther away from the speeding car.

The car accelerated in the vacant but lit-up tunnel, its headlights flashing a blinding white, its taillights beaming a dim orange.

Choolwe, relaxed in his seat while driving, turned to Zack who sat and said, “Do you have the remote of the bomb?”

Zack flaunted it to him.

He sighed. “Good.”

The car sped up, screeching and squawking on the empty road; the speedometer, measured in kowrels (with one kowrel equaling two hundred miles per hour), indicated six kowrels, an undeniably very sharp speed; the vehicle continued pressing on, its motion straight in the undeviating but downward-slanting tunnel.

“I think it’s time we burst the bomb,” Choolwe expressed, looking at Zack.

Zack nodded.

Choolwe began counting. “Ten. Nine. Eight.”

The speedometer reached eight kowrels.

“Five. Four.”

It stroked past eleven kowrels.

“Two. One. Zero.”

The needle touched ‘15’ kowrels.

Zack hit the large red button. And…there was an explosion where they were fleeting from. The laboratory, an excellent structure of glittering glass, was burst up into pieces by a strong fire that sourced underground. Trees, sited far and nearby, were blown up as well. All the underground chambers and expanses were destroyed to utter demolition. There was no piece of furniture left un-burnt.

Even the tunnel where Zack and Choolwe were speeding in began to quake. Cracks formed on the roof, and slices of broken stone (yes, the tunnel was made of solid stone) dropped down as the quivering became more and more violent and the cracks extended wider and wider.

Choolwe strived hard to evade the falling stones.

“We are dead, man,” Zack yelled, shutting his eyes.

“You are wrong.”

“Yes. We won’t ever  make it.”

“Shut up, will you? And open up your filthy damn eyes.”

Zack’s eyelids snapped open.

Choolwe evaded another falling stone, swerving the car into the next lane.

Zack shut his eyes once more and screamed,” Admit it that we are dead.”

Choolwe narrowed his eyes. “I am not dying myself. But you, maybe you will.”

“Imbecile—”

“Shut up!” Choolwe roared, veins sticking out on his throat.

The tunnel roof, filled with cracks, began to collapse. Choolwe had only sighted the exit to a moon-lit road in the wide forest, when the entire roof yielded and cast heavy stones down. The lights went off all of a sudden, and there was fiery blackness all over, accompanied by a ceaseless quaking.

Zack screamed, “We are dead, Choolwe.”

Choolwe didn’t answer him. Using the bright white headlights, he strayed away from a weighty stone that shut any advancement in his lane, and hurriedly wandered into the next lane, and, as broken stones were amassing right on the exit and piling up, he hurried the car farther, wheels screeching on asphalt, and emerged out just when any departure from the one and only existing opening was made impossible. The stones had heaped up to close it behind.

As Choolwe breathed in relief, Zack opened his eyes and stared behind them. The car was now whizzing on an empty road in the still forest. And behind, farther behind, was a mass of black smoke arising up toward the moon-lit sky. No doubt, that was the sure spot where the bomb had laid waste and utterly ruined.







            



CHAPTER NINE: UNPROTECTED

As the vapor of black smoke climbed up toward the heavens, the sky darkened, and for a while, the moon was not seeable in the sky, having been enshroud by the mass of dark smoke.

Jordan, who was established down in her seat, her nut-brown eyes locked on the rearview mirror, sighed. She spun back in her seat instantly and squinted at the rear windshield. Ernesto and Anthony spun too, but not Trevin, who was steering the car with a grim expression.

“What is going on there?” Trevin interrogated, snatching a glimpse at the rearview mirror.

“I notice smoke. Black smoke,” Jordan voiced.

Anthony sniffed. He could smell it as if it were right next to him, but it was very far, far away. In it, he could make out the scent of charred bodies and burnt trees and furniture and elements that had been devoured by raving flames. Yes, he could accurately describe one by one of the definite items that had been destroyed.

Everyone turned back into their seats.

Trevin grinned. “Zack and Ronan did a good job. We have ours left to carry through.”

Jordan uplifted an eyebrow. “Are they responsible for that smoke?”

Trevin did not quit grinning. “Sure. We had a bomb fixed at the laboratory. And they have just blown it up.”

Jordan made a face. “I didn’t know.”

Trevin laughed out loudly. “But you now know. I feared that they would fail us. Fortunately, they didn’t.”

Behind the conversing two, Anthony, with his eyes fixed at Ernesto, who was peering at the windshield, hammered his compressed fists into his face, so that he, Ernesto, suddenly powerless, and struck with ardent pain, fell against the window, knocking his head over it and quickly thumping off it.

At that moment, Jordan and Trevin turned over in their seats in alarm. Trevin had already whipped out a shotgun, grasped in one hand, the other one established on the steering.

They found Ernesto seized by Anthony, who was having his chains encircled and secured firmly on his throat, that, with a forceful yank, it was possible to jab deep into his throat, enough to choke him and at the same time break his bones to instant death.

“If you shoot, I will squeeze him, and he will die along with me,” Anthony threatened.

Trevin looked at Jordan. And she looked forward to discover that the road they were speeding on was headed toward a curve. If Trevin would not swerve the car, they would run into the forest and knock into one of the massive trees before them.

Trevin fell back into his seat and swung the steering—a move that saw the car deviating so as to keep its track on the road and avoid to head straight into the forest, right straight toward giant trees, which it would without the slightest doubt smash into.

Jordan sighed and looked at Anthony, the divine-looking Anthony. She craved to oppose that he was an eversor, her natural opponent.

“Stop the car, Trevin,” he charged, his chains immovable on Ernesto’s throat, his eyes stayed on the most loveliest woman that his twenty-four years old eyes had ever beheld, his smelling talent resolute on Trevin, whose every movement and facial expression he was watching, just by tracing his scent.

Trevin obeyed. The car squealed to a halt on the desolate road.

“Surrender your gun to me,” Anthony directed.

Trevin turned in his seat and offered it to him. Anthony nabbed it violently and quickly loosened the chains binding him by striking them with several bullets noisily.

“Now get out.”

Jordan stirred to shove her door open.

Anthony bawled at her. “Not you. But him. You remain here.”

She froze like a dead man.

Trevin scaled out of the car and walked far away from it, his hands upraised as a manifestation of total surrender.

Anthony cast the door open and thrust Ernesto out. He fell down to the road, knees rapping down first, then his hands and feet. Anthony closed the floor right away and locked it.

He crawled his way to settle down next to Jordan. Then he started the car and drove it away, leaving Ernesto and Trevin stranded behind. Jordan peeked back at them. When she stared at Anthony, she found him staring at her. Overpowered by her lovely looks to be clear-cut. Not that she was stuck-up enough to perceive herself as the world’s most beautiful woman. Even if you made that known to her, she couldn’t buy into it. Not at all. She had her own flaws, which were ever seeable to her, and for that cause, she shrank away from mirrors, specifically large ones. How was it that she rated herself as plain in them? But to the lion’s share out there, she was way far too attractive?

“Did they teach you how to drive cars in that laboratory where you were locked up?” Jordan asked in a harsh tone, hoping to cut short Anthony’s endless stare at her.

“Why would you care if they taught us how to, or if they didn’t?”

She frowned, looking away from him. “Why don’t you drop me out of the car like you did with the others? You can then go wherever it is that you can feel like going. But please drop me right here. I can’t stand you.”

“Is that so?”

She frowned again. “You heard me.”

“I’m sorry. But you are coming with me.”

“Where to? To kill me right where nobody can hear me or much less give me a helping hand?”














CHAPTER TEN: BROTHERS BUT ENEMIES

“Exactly,” Anthony spoke. “I am going to kill you right where nobody can interfere and stop me from doing so.”

Jordan cringed. “You are not serious, are you? If you wanted to kill me, you would have done it by now. Besides, you would have killed everyone else, which you didn’t?”

Anthony was silent, not expressing anything about that. His sober gaze rested on the windshield ahead, from where he could see the road deviating and the trees streaming past him. He turned the car as he arrived at a curving point.

Struck with frustration and fury, Jordan, having stolen a glimpse of him, to learn that he was looking elsewhere, and assuring herself that he could not take note of what she was doing, forgetful that even when he had his eyes elsewhere, he had ability to focus on her motions through his strength to keep track of her scent, took an abrupt look at the gun that he had laid on the dashboard, and made an unexpected move toward it.

Anthony saw it, even with his eyes set somewhere. His hand arrested Jordan’s when she was on the verge of laying hold of the gun. With one hand riveted on the steering, he glared at her, pitch black eyes sparkling a forewarning and dazzling red for the briefest second. The glow vanished and there remained unmistakable anger in his eyes.

“Don’t,” he hissed, his tone sharp and cold and ferocious.

Jordan pulled away her hand from his. He let it go effortlessly. She then called to mind everything that Trevin had made clear to her about Anthony’s effective abilities. She was embarrassed with herself.

Anthony stared away from her. But she could still feel his eyes on her.

“Why didn’t you allow me to kill myself?” She demanded, her tone intimidated.

Anthony sniggered. “So you wanted to kill yourself with the gun? And not to kill me?”

“Exactly.”

“I’m not an idiot, Jordan.”

“I’m being honest. That is preferable than to have you eat me up.”

Anthony stared at her as if suddenly offended. “I have never eaten a human being in my life.”

“Then what did they feed you at the laboratory?”

“I am not telling you.”

“Which establishes that you are lying.”

“Believe whatever it is that you want to.”

Anthony unexpectedly pulled up the car to a halt before a hill packed with razor-edged stones. It barely had any trees on it, just four or five dotted here and there, but underneath it was an innumerable host of towering and giant trees.

“They are headed here,” Anthony uttered to himself, his pitch black eyes fixed on the hill—sizeable but lovely eyes.

Jordan overheard him. She stared at him, confused. “Who is coming here?”

“The troops.”

“What troops? Your subjects?”

“If you characterize them so.”

At that, snatching his gun with him, Anthony pitched the door open and climbed out of the car. He slammed it shut.

Uneasy and flustered, Jordan clambered out and followed him. He was heading to the hill, which he began to climb up.

“Women are fools, don’t you think so?” he shouted to her without turning back to look at her.

“I disagree with that. I think that depiction fits perfectly well with your kind.”

Anthony glowered at her, offended. “Which kind?”

“Men, of course.”

That calmed his fury down a bit. “You are wrong. Not all men are fools. But some qualify to be.”

“That is additionally true with women. Some women are brainless, but not all of them.”

Anthony laughed out aloud. “You know what? You are one of those brainless women you just mentioned yourself.”

Jordan glared at him. “I am not brainless.”

“If you weren’t brainless, then why are you going after a man who wants to kill you? A dangerous man. Or a bad boy in up-to-date language. I want to kill you. Yet you are following me. Do you really want me to kill you?”

Jordan stiffened at that point.

Anthony stopped and spun toward her. His appearance was far nice-looking in the moonlight. He looked vividly human…and un-human at the same time. His eyes were glowing a darkened red as if to enlighten some lightless spot. They were in addition lovely, very lovely, like an angel’s eyes made of fire. His long hair, hung over his back, with some lengthy threads flowing down his shoulders, beat into the air when a gust of wind blew past him. With those perfectly framed muscles of his, and an inviting and heavy chest—as well as an unflawed and attractively shaped body, he looked wholly divine, like he was half-human and half-cherub.

Smiling, a very winning and artful smile, he walked down toward Jordan, his step and movement itself being perfectly graceful.

“Women like danger, don’t they?” He questioned.

Jordan stepped back. “To some extent. But when it is staring them straight in the face, they run away.”

“Good,” Anthony muttered. “Run away. I am dangerous. I am danger itself. Flee for your life right this moment.”

Jordan delayed, her heartbeat speeding up.

Anthony’s dim eyes burned a sight-depriving red. “Run.”

She rotated and fled.

Behind her, Anthony advanced two wobbly steps ahead, and, as if about to arch his back down, he sprang up into the air, like his feet were made of springs, and up he flew, past her, so as to launch down on firm feet and turn towards her.

She stopped dead right away and looked at him with intense fear. The brilliant glow in his eyes darkened once more. He smiled gleefully, walking toward her.

“You must never run away from danger,” he told her. “It is risky to go about. In my opinion, when one is faced with danger, no matter how extreme, he or she must meet it head-on and overthrow it, or suffer terrible defeat.”

At that instant, when Anthony had drew near, his eyes riveted on hers and glowing dimly so as not to make her blind, numerous growls, like thunder trumpeting the coming of a storm, erupted from the huge forest beneath.

Anthony stared down on the spur of a moment. Jordan searched down later.

A countless pair of eyes, like burning torches, flashing a fiery and blinding red, illuminated the forest, surrounding the hill on every side.

Jordan trembled. And Anthony, in one quick and cautious movement, embraced her to himself.

Numberless men, in complete eversoric form, came to a standstill, having hemmed in the lofty and rocky hill. From among them, a man, the sole one in human form, his eyes blazing a dark red, and dressed in black jeans and a ragged and tattered filthy white shirt, ascended, his far-reaching chestnut dark hair rippling behind him whenever a gentle breeze fanned past him.

“Busiku,” Anthony recognized him.

“We meet once again, my elderly twin brother.”

“I saw you coming here.”

“I saw you too with the lady.”

“Really? I assumed that you are inexperienced in seeing things through smelling them.”

“You are right. I have no idea how I did it. I just did it. But then, it was only for a little while. I don’t think I can be able to do it again. Except you teach me how to. But then you won’t be able to, because you will be dead in no time. Yes, you are dying tonight. In fact, I came here to kill you myself.”

“You are joking, Busiku, aren’t you?”

“I am not.”

“I am your brother.”

“You are my worst enemy.”

“You are still my brother.”

“You will always be my enemy. That is as long as you are alive. You want to be my sweet, dearest brother, don’t you? Worry not. I will treat you as one once you are gone. I will cry a lot over you. I will bury you myself. I won’t ever forget you. But for now, you are my bitterest rival who is only worthy of death.”

“Please, don’t kill me, Busiku. I will give you whatever it is that you want. The throne. Yes, I have been aware of that ever since we were young, you have always craved to be the king. I will let you be one.”

“Thank you. But I am not embracing your offer. I just want you dead.”

Busiku turned to stare down at his marshaled army. “Kill him.”

Two eversors tramped up the hill immediately.

“Kill him instead,” Anthony yelled. They did not obey him. Rather, they went past Busiku who stood smiling—an overjoyed smile—and proceeded to Anthony himself.

“Farewell, brother,” Busiku voiced.

“What did you to them?” Anthony demanded.

“I gathered them all against you. While you were locked up in that cell, I was campaigning against you. And they turned to my favor. Not one of our kind is left on your side. You are all one, brother.

“I promised them the world itself. I promised them limitless liberty and a life of unsurpassed pleasure. They will rule the entire world with me. This world is mine. I have been destined to conquer it ever since I was born. And I surely will. But by then, you will be no more, gone for evermore. Gentlemen, kill him now.”

The eversors—one with snow white fur, and the other one with black fur—stepped toward Anthony and Jordan. Anthony growled fiercely and his eyes cast out flames of raving fire that burned the grass below and intensified, forming a quick circle so as to shield himself and Jordan, and he watched the rapid flames touch the black eversor and set his entire body on fire. The eversor yowled in pain, wriggling and stepping backwards, but the feral flames continued to devour him. Remediless and abandoned, the eversor collapsed to the ground, and lying there, perfectly motionless, his fuming body was severed into a multifold pieces that were tossed away and charred to consummate ashes.

Jordan shuddered in Anthony’s arms, startled that his eyes had capability to yield fire. And he could moreover jump—or was it fly?— high enough to ground wherever it was that he felt like.  

Anthony’s clutch on her stayed unshaken and immovable. His eyes were on the charring eversor, but he was also keeping track of her slightest motion through trailing her scent—a sweet-like but sweat-comprised scent. Even her scent herself made known her hidden emotions of apprehension and bewilderment and anxiety. That, Anthony could tell.

Without warning, the snow white eversor, struck with sudden dread, stumbled back and rounded quickly in an attempt to get far away from the feral flames and eventually fled.

Anthony clenched his teeth in rage, his eyes radiating a striking red, claws lengthening their way from both of his hands, his body trembling from uncontrollable anger. He cast Jordan an abrupt look and told her, “Stay here. I will be right back.”

She conferred him a quick nod.

Following this, he left her and ran two or three steps, and then, jumping up toward the wild flames, he flew up, advancing past them, and even above the fleeting eversor, so that, when arriving down, he grounded on a spot where he revolved and stared direct at his escaping enemy. The eversor, baffled and dismayed, came to a rapid halt and backed away from him, drawing closer to the heightening flames.

Anthony sprinted towards it, raising his clawed and furry hand into the air. His flaming eyes confronted the eversor’s flaming as well. Menacing growls were exchanged, knife-edged teeth laid to view at one another, the scent of the other examined to determine the veiled emotions, so that, if one turned out to be more scared of the other, he would be set upon more positively with certainty of victory. Of the two, the snow white eversor was scared to death, while Anthony had been maddened to kill. That, the other could evidently tell.

Anthony, racing and jumping so as to land right close to the eversor, hopped down sniffing distance away from it and without delay smacked a heavy blow into its chest with the utility of his clawed but furry hand. His claws, sharp as a sword itself, sliced through the flesh of the growling eversor so that blood was spilled out right away.

Growling ferociously, with his eyes lighting brighter and brighter, Anthony smacked another blow that tossed the eversor away from him, and off into the realm of flames, where it was licked to total ashes, growling and twirling and writhing on the ground.

Anthony smelled its immoderate pain right to the very last moment, when he could no longer detect its unmistakable scent. Like steam vanishing up into the air, its scent departed to nevermore return. It was gone, for good. There was no doubt about it.

Even as Anthony turned toward his unsettled brother, part of his focus was firm on Jordan. He did not lose track of her vexed scent, and in that sense, he saw her in his mind, not through his eyes. There she stood, her extremely beautiful features nearly marred with torment and worry, and a circle of extending and untamed flames were sheltering her to ward off any rivals that might make a move on her.

“You have not yet won,” Busiku barked at him, the glow in his eyes departing to display annoyed coal black eyes. “And you will never win.”

Anthony replied, “I don’t desire to war with you, Busiku. Disengage your attack on me.”

Busiku simmered red. “Never.” He turned back to face the legion behind him. “You, you, and you.” He pointed out three men, translated into eversoric form. “Destroy him now.”

The men hesitated, glancing at each other.

“I said destroy him!”

Not even one stirred.

Eyes narrowing—still coal black—Busiku uplifted his head toward the sky and breathed in, inhaling without a stop. As he did that, the breaths of the three were sucked away from them. They strived to breathe, but could not manage to. Helpless and overcame, they fell one by one to the ground, first knocking down with their knees, then, as their  souls drew nearer to the gates of death, collapsed down head-first and writhed and twisted and rolled, until they were perfectly still and lifeless.

With his wish fulfilled, Busiku, lowering his head down, stared at the remaining multitude. “Who among you will dare to not render me service?” He asked, his voice high-sounding.

None among the multitude answered.

“Good,” Busiku declared. “You, you, and you.” He selected out three more men. “Deal with him.”

The chosen men rushed up the hill immediately toward Anthony. He glared at them, and as he did so, breathed in, hauling their breaths away from them without stop, and down they dropped to their knees like the three men before them, laboring to breathe, but failing to do so. One by one, just like the dead men before them, they collapsed down, twisting and wriggling and spinning on the ground until they were unmoving, assuredly dead.

The watching host blenched in utter horror.

Anthony looked at Busiku, unaware that he was conversing with five men in the assemblage, who were all looking at the fierce flames surrounding Jordan. He conversed with them using his strength of smell.

Benjamin, Bernard, Dalitso, Steven, and Leo. Busiku called.

They heard him, his voice chiming like a bell in their heads.

Yes, master; they all replied at once.

Attack the woman. My brother seems to value her so much. If that is true, then she is his weakest point. Do it. But don’t kill her. I turn out to like her too. And if he dies, she will be mine.

She is a preserver, someone mused—Dalitso—the white furred eversor. He regretted it.

Busiku clenched his teeth all of a sudden. Just do what I told you, idiot, he snapped.

I am sorry, master—Dalitso acknowledged.

Wait, Bernard intervened. She is hedged in by wild flames. How do we go about her?

I will take care of that, Busiku guaranteed. Now get moving.

The five eversors dashed up toward her.

Busiku, his teeth clenched tightly, cast out flames from his flashing eyes, and the flames made a rapid circle around the fire encircling Jordan, so that, when the two circles of fire met, Busiku’s fire, whose flames were a fusion of red and orange and purple and yellow and blue, put out Anthony’s fire of wholly yellow flames, and that way, both fires extinguished, leaving the ground scorched and the grass charred. As such, Jordan was left stranded and defenseless.

Anthony discovered what was going on too late. His hands shaped into solid fists.

Busiku, like wind, hurried and instantaneously leapt toward Antony and fell down along with him, having thumped himself against him. The two brothers fought, turning each other on the ground, elongated and keen-edged teeth bared, claws projected out and piercing into one another’s flesh.

Jordan, on the other hand, was surrounded on all sides by five ravenous and growling eversors, whom she glowered at.

Two eversors, determined and ruthless, sprang at her. She arched down and booted one of them in the stomach while delivering a rock-hard punch into the abdomen of another. Both eversors, afflicted with gruesome pain, dropped away from her, hitting their backs on keen-edged stones that cut through into their flesh, snapping through bone with loud crackling sounds. 

The other three lunged at her.

She hopped up and rotated, delivering a powerful kick to each of them before grounding down, and when she had, the three eversors had been cast away from her, dropping down head first.

The legion of eversors below started toward the hill, howling and roaring.

Jordan ran down as if to meet them, and then her movement being unforeseen, she leapt up into the air and projected down on a tree, which she gripped, and then crawled away to hop off into another tree.

The eversors changed track and pursued her down the trees, and she skipped from one tree to the next one overheard them.

Concurrently, Anthony, still wrestling with his brother, and filled with cuts that surrendered downright coral blood, yanked him up with both hands and rapped his forehead against his. Busiku, feeling woozy and strengthless, fell away from Anthony, stroking down with his back and the back of his head. At that instant, Anthony got up on his feet.

Busiku flinched away from him, writhing in absolute pain. Anthony had overpowered and beat him. He was full of wounds that shed down blood to the ground.

Anthony started toward him, eyes pinched, and his pace being an unhurried one.

Busiku made an effort to rise to his feet. But Anthony reached him before he had even arose, only having knelt, and, with immense vigor, Anthony—the dazzling glow in his eyes suddenly removed, and hands trembling from fury, and eyes still slimmed—launched a firm kick into his abdomen, one that carried away Busiku from his spot and flung him far off into the forest beneath so that he disappeared in the midst of darkness, colliding against trees with a ruffling-like sound, and eventually toppling down with an uproarious rap.

Anthony stared around him on the hill. There was no one. The legion that had been assembled below was gone. Into the forest, he suspected. Pursuing Jordan, whom he had noticed flee through trailing her scent. Eyes narrowed once more, teeth bared and clenched, body shuddering as if from cold, hands hardening into immovable fists, Anthony upraised his head and inhaled, searching for Jordan’s scent. He caught it, and when he had, her vision and that of her surrounding came to view in his mind. He could see her jumping through the trees, staring back once in a while to peer behind her, where there was a numberless pair of red eyes shimmering in the darkness beneath. Having realized where she was headed to, feeling fretful and bothered and sedate, about him, without doubt, he rushed into the forest and disappeared into the darkness. As he ran, the wind blew away his scent, and Busiku, who was laboring to his feet in the immense blackness far away, twitching as never-ending pain pestered him, smelled it, and instantly knew to whom it belonged. His brother, he entertained no doubt. His worst enemy.  

“I won’t rest until I kill you, Anthony,” he vowed to himself. Then, leaning against a tree, he inquired for his troops, sniffling, and stopped right when he had found their scents. One hundred and eighty seven men, he counted. Short by thirteen. They were all in motion, running after… Jordan’s unmistakable scent.  

What loyal dogs they were?  Reliable dogs that were prepared to die for their master. Trustworthy dogs who were to meet bitter disappointment in the end. Yes, Busiku had swore to give them the whole world itself once he would subjugate it, to rule along with them, to grant them unrestricted liberty. They were fools to buy into his sweet promises. He would in no way fulfill that. Not at all. Dogs were entitled to munch and crack solid bones, and not to bite the steaky meat that was reserved for their master. They deserved to eat in filthy plates, and not on their master’s squeaky clean and golden plate. They were worthy to dine in black dungeons, bolted and secured in unbreakable iron chains, and never to feast with the master in his lordly palace. That master was Busiku himself, while the dogs were his faithful followers and admirers. Yes, they were stupid dogs. Totally witless and brainless.

With these thoughts in mind, Busiku, communicating with half of his army, issued the charge:

Return. My brother is coming behind you. Assail him. And rip him to pieces with your teeth if you can. Yes, kill him. And when you are done, follow the others to capture the lady and bring her back to me. She is my jewel. So be wary to cause her no slight harm. If anyone of you injures her, I will wipe him dead myself. She is mine. Mine to touch, to feel, to win her unreserved affection, mine to marry and find enjoyment in. She will be my woman. But my brother—kill him. And do kill him fast.

Having expressed that, Busiku went away, smiling to himself and at last laughing, and additionally looking forward to seeing his brother, Anthony, utterly dead.












Author’s Note: Like I promised, here are the first two chapters of my other serial, Killing Alex.

CHAPTER ONE: SUICIDE GIRL

To be honest with you, at times I do wish that I was dead. Every inch and consummately dead. Dead like those two boys, Taylor and Elliot, whose deaths I am responsible for. I didn’t mean to do it. I just did it unwillingly and forcedly. That is what always happens when I break the rules. That is how things always end up whenever I become a little bit stupid and stubborn and yielding and careless. Awful and dire.

Taylor died on Valentine’s Day two years ago. He died before my very own eyes and those of everyone around, helpless and remediless. His death was so galling and frightful.

Elliot died in his car, having driven me home from the party that we had just attended. He gave up the ghost right in his seat, with I myself keeping a hand on his once-warm-but-now-suddenly-cold-cheek, and it was after we had kissed vehemently and intensely.

In all my life, it was these two boys whom I had dated and fell in love with. There were no other. And there would be other, it seemed. Taylor and Elliot. I had loved them more than anything else. More than my own breath and existence itself.

I sighed to myself as I thought about all this, sitted down on my enormous bed, my feet tucked and crossed over each other, my hands wielding a sharply knife which I would soon use to root out my life. It had been enough already. Eighteen years of living hell so far. Eighteen years of torture and torment and endless actual nightmares and agony and anguish. I would put an end to everything now, without delay.

I still remembered the day I came across Taylor La Vey. I was a self-conscious and shrinking sixteen year old back then. Guiltless and inoffensive and lawful. I ran into him while wandering about Vickensmont West High School’s extensive corridors, lost and gone out of track. Without foreseeing it, I hit into this tall and blond and overly enormous boy. He was well-built with the perfect muscles and a lovely male visage that any female would effortlessly fall for. Everything about his appearance was just plain damn…sterling!

“I’m sorry,” I grumbled an immediate apology, shame-faced and angry with myself.

“There is no need to; I am equally to blame as well; I wasn’t minding where I was going.”

Taylor had a lovely and sugary-like voice. One that you would like to be all ears to all day long; one that you would fall in love with just on the phone without ever bothering to find out the appearance of the individual it belonged to.

After helping me gather up my scattered books, I had paced away, leaving him standing there before the lockers on his own, and when I spun back to look at him he was still gazing and marveling at me. Little did I know that he was the guy whom I would share the microscope with in the laboratory during the Biology session. My God, he looked so graceful, spell-binding even! Even though his attire was modest and simple—blue jeans and a yellow shirt and a white coat—with that spiked up hair of his taken into account, he looked…totally divine!

That was the moment I fell in love with him. Not on our first encounter. Though later on he did admit it to me that he fell in love with me the first time he unexpectedly laid eyes on me.

School was just awesome and mind-blowing with Taylor around. Every day I was in Biology, sitted there next to him with him looking and making eyes at me throughout the whole span that we stayed in class, I felt like I was in seventh heaven. Many times the professor would notice him and pass comment on how absorbed some of his students were starting to fall in love—not mentioning out names, but speaking in a manner that made it obvious by peeking in Taylor’s direction as he spoke—but still, Taylor did not ever quit making sheep’s eyes at me.

It took him eight straight weeks to eventually ask me out. All this while, we were just friends that met and chatted and cracked jokes and laughed together during Biology. Whenever the two of us had a word or two and laughed and giggled what’s more, everyone’s attention would move and abide on us until we were over with whatever affair it was that we were going about.

This was how it went the day Taylor expressed his feelings to me:

After Biology, he ran to catch up with me in the protracted corridor, yelping out, “Sophia! Sophia Solochi!”

I turned over to him, seizing my books, which I had planned to lay by and then lock them up in my locker. “Yes, Taylor.”

He came to a final halt before me, breathing and sighing heavily. “What will you be doing tonight? My friend’s brother—Aaron I mean—is having a party. Aaron himself would like you there. I let him know that we are best friends. What do you say?”
 
I mused about it for a little bit while. “Sure. They say never say never. I will attend that party.”

“Thank you so much. One more thing. Look your very best. I beg you. I want to dance with you tonight.”

Smiling joyously, I replied, “I probably will.”

It was while we were dancing that very night when Taylor had began. “Sophia.”

I looked up at him warmly. “Yes, Taylor.”

“What would be your response if I told you that I love you?”

I giggled in absurd excitement. “My response? It would be that you are joking.”

He looked hurt in some way. “Sophia, I love you.”

“Is that a joke? Another one from you?”

“I am not joking, Sophia.” We stopped dancing right that moment and looked at each other quietly and gravely. 

“Taylor…I…I…”

“I do mean what I say, Sophia.”

His eyes showed it. “I can tell,” I observed.

“And what is your saying? I want to hear it straight from you. Do you love me or not?”

“I do, Taylor.”

“You do?” He was suddenly happy and buoyant. 

“Yes, I do!”

Squirming and yelling out in joy, he cuddled and squeezed me tightly to himself. I could hardly breath. In any case, he did not kill me. No, he did not.

Onward to the Valentine’s he died. We were dancing, steadily and happily, just like on the day that he proposed to me and I in turn accepted his proposal. He was neatly and excellently dressed in an immaculate black suit, one that suited and harmonized with his disheveled blond hair, and his scent…he smelled of cologne and some sort of mannish lush perfume that I had never come across until now.

I myself on the other hand—I put on a flowing and cleanly and well-designed black dress. Yes, to match and harmonize with his black suit.

“You look lovely and blameless,” he nibbled into my ear as we swayed this way and that way, much to my delectation and enjoyment.

I smiled eventually and whispered back, “Thank you. I am as gorgeous as you happen to be as well.”

He smiled back, staring down into my eyes while poking and ramming his nose gently over mine. We were breathing distance away from each other. And it was then that he kissed me, fervid and vehement.

“Taylor,” I whispered between the hurried and ungovernable kisses, trying to pull back from him, but he was strong and he towed me over to myself. “Taylor, let us stop, this is not right…Taylor…”

“I am enjoying this, baby, ain’t you?”

“Taylor…”

The next moment he was on the floor, salivating and throwing out blood. Mouthfuls and liters of blood to be precise. As he spat out the blood, he writhed in pain and twisted and turned and rolled and crawled on his belly, screaming and yelping out to no one in particular. Just when his eyes had began rolling white, I screamed out, shaky and affrightened. “Taylor!”

Elliot Tonela. I loved him. I cared about him. How many nights I have wept and mourned over his death and loss I cannot recount. To be truthful with you, I am so pained and grieved by his departure. This is a boy I loved more than I had come to love anyone, a boy who stood up for me whenever I needed him and who in the very end died right in my own arms before my very own reach and touch. Elliot. I still do love you. Even if you are no more. Gone, forever.

Elliot was both the bad boy and soccer leading man, or hero I should say, in our school. Blair High, Downtown Kabwe, Central Zambia. I came to learn about him after my friend, Jessica Knowles, insisted every afternoon about how we had to go and watch the football matches that happened on a daily basis in our school’s enormous playfield.

First, I would sit humbly and attentively with her and watch the boys play until Elliot glanced about and happened to accidentally run into my eyes. Ever since then, he did not take his eyes or watchfulness away from me. I was without fail what he looked at and dreamt about and adored as much as he cherished his own dearest life. I was that one and only true love in his life.

He was already friends with Jessica. Not genuine and sincere friends per say. They did know each other and greeted and talked and laughed. And after my discovery, he went on to pay more attention and concern to her. All in the hopes of getting closer to me and then finally open out about how he was dying and very much willing to become my man and protector. 

Yes, his plan did work though. Yupeee! It surely did. And why am I celebrating you may wonder? Because deep down my heart I prayed and dreamt and hoped that the boy would notice me and well…make a move on me. I am glad that he did.

Our relationship did not last that much long. It wasn’t destined to. It all ended badly with Elliot losing his life and I myself being contested and warred for by his friends and cousins to be their next girlfriend. I hate to admit it. But as much as I hate it, I just have to acknowledge it. I feel like I am assuredly nice-looking. Beautiful even. 

No, I am not stuck-up or self-seeking or self-praising. I am not. At times I do look this plain and terribly ugly in the mirrors and photos—I cringe away from giant mirrors that make me look rather irregular and foreign; and at other times, I am this lovely and adorable. I don’t get. How does beauty behave? Do we have it in one moment and then in another second it slips away just like that? That is what it seems like.

***Flashback***

“Mommy, am I beautiful?”

“Yes, sweetheart, you are!”

“Then why don’t you allow me to go out on dates with boys I like just like the other girls do?”

My mother, with a very disappointed and frightened face, disclosed, “The curse doesn’t authorize us to date or fall in love, Sophia. You are aware of the consequences of doing so, aren’t you?”

“To hell with those consequences.”

“Tell me, have you been seeing any boy.”

I did not reply anything. 

“Sophia, did you sleep or have sex with some boy?”

“I’d never do that, mother. I respect myself and my future husband too.”

“You are not going to have any future husband, sweetheart. You know it. You are not going to marry or even get married. That won’t ever happen.”

“Don’t say that, mother. I want to marry one day; I really want to.”

“You won’t, Sophia; you know very well that that is an impossibility.”

“No way!”

“Sophia!”

***Flashback cut out***

Mother was right. I won’t marry; and I will never get married; and for that one reason, I’d rather be a dead man. Or a dead girl if you prefer.

That said and thought over, I knew what I had to do with the knife that I was clutching in my hands.

Suicide is no easy thing. We all want to live; we all want to live life to our very best; we all want to have those foremost and leading things that we can possibly have in this life; and if we cannot have them and instead we are unhappy and broken-hearted and hapless, what better alternative than to put an end to our being and existence itself?

I don’t know why. But in spite of wielding the knife and assuring myself that I was going to thrust it into my stomach, I just could not get the power and zeal and spirit to accomplish that. Mother. I thought about her. Kris Ortiz. What would she do without me? I was her one and only daughter. The only girl she adored more than anything in this world. Yes, even more than her own happiness and well-being. Was this how I was going to repay her for everything that she had done for me? By killing and depriving her of my companionship and intercourse. No, that was not being fair, or was it?

That night, while it poured hard and showered and thundered outside, I dreamt about Elliot. These days, ever since I had become so humiliated and depressed and chilled about where my life was going, I had been experiencing frequent and endless and incessant nightmares. Nightmares about I myself wedding with fire-winged and hellish-looking demons and devils; nightmares about enraged and murderous-looking mobs and throngs of people swarming over me and chasing me and stoning and hitting and beating me up and calling me a witch sent from the devil himself; nightmares about the entire town gossiping and prattling and gibbering about how cursed I had been in killing any man that happened to be drawn in toward me.

Kris and I have kept this a secret to ourselves. That we are beautiful but cursed. No one else apart from the two of us knows our condition; not our friends or neighbors. We always do what we can to avoid men that become interested in us. If we were so inconsiderate and unmindful—sure, just like in my nightmare—the whole town would without doubt know about our curse and go on to gabble and gossip and dish on the dirt to others about us. And what would we do from there? Nothing but move away to some…far away town or place?

Kris and I have switched towns like mad. Endlessly even. Since I met Taylor two years ago, we have relocated more than fifteen times. At least seven times in a distinct and separate year. This curse, it has just made our lives so miserable and a painful living hell altogether.

I have met numerous and wonderful very good-looking boys. Boys that I wished I had the time and effort to get to know them much better and familiarize with them. Boys I would have fallen in love with so helplessly had I tarried longer in their reach and presence. But then it was for the better that I stayed away from them and move entirely out of their promising lives. I would do nothing but ruin and wreck their lives for them.

Kris met my father, Eugene, when she was at university. She studied Literature (bachelor’s degree) and she got a masters and a PHD in Creative Writing and Economics. All her life, she has wanted to be a published writer and author altogether. But she fears what would come off her life if she produces something successful and popular enough to unravel out our actual private life and the secrets that we are drawing a veil on. To her, fame and popularity can be quite detrimental. Very much indeed.

Like me in times past, she cast away all the rules and went on pursuing my father. No, not chasing and stalking and bugging him up to marry and wed her. She hanged out in places where he was fond of dropping by with the hopes that he would…see her. He did! I remember the words Kris herself used that other day she was recounting to me about how the two of them had met up.

“Your father, he was the lucky and winning womanizer. Every month, he had to court and take to bed a different girl. It was a game and contest that he and his shallow-minded peers played. And he played it so well and in such a staggering and mind-blowing manner. I fell for him on our first encounter; and as I behaved a little bit stupid and yet strangely different from all the other girls, he hesitated on whether to go for me or not to. When other guys appeared interested and began making moves on me, he acted fast for fear of losing me. I had to go about being unyielding and a little bit inane, just to give him a cruel and laborious time. Which I sure did.”

The story altered. “I remember the day he died. The day the curse hit and destroyed him. I was four months pregnant with you, Sophia. And we were staying together. We had just moved in and every time I did feel that our happiness was short-lived and going nowhere. I couldn’t help it. There were nights when I woke up weeping and crying and your father would be waked by my noise and hug me and shush me and ask me what the problem was. I just couldn’t tell him. There was no way for me to figure out how I was going to let out things to him. How was I supposed to tell a man I deeply and sincerely loved that he was soon going to be dead for loving and sticking on to me?”

In my bedroom, there are pictures of Eugene Solochi. He looks just like me in some way. I have light brown hair, black eyes, and golden-colored skin. That is what Eugene precisely had. But then, I look more like my mother. Kris herself is brown-haired, brown-eyed and pale-skinned. I share more of her facial symmetry and body shapeliness and curves. We are very much alike.

The morning following my nightmare, on Tuesday 14 August 2018, I woke up at five to strive and withstand the temptation and almost overpowering feeling to head back to bed and sleep again. I went on to sit in the living room, close to the still afire burning place, where I tossed in a handful of stony-like but long-burning wood, and here, I fetched the diary that I had carried with me and began scribbling the words:

Kris and I moved to Brownton two days ago. The town is this big and wonderful and amazing; the people here have been good and kindly to us; our neighbors always check in to bring us gifts and presents of all sorts. There is this funny thing though. Ninety per cent of my presents are from boys. Or men I should rather specify. Young men. Two boys from our neighboring house, Jack and Joshua Zimba, who are brothers, I must what’s more add, brought me my current alarm clock and newly-shopped romance novels and an enormous blank diary that I have to fill in and a glittery-like pen that scrawls with shining and glimmering ink and wholly nice-looking teddy bears and sweet-most and pretty flowers and a nice and very new pair of jeans and—their biggest and final present, an old-dated but still functioning and superbly operative laptop. Jack said that it belonged to him and he was giving it over to me as it had a highly effective and powerful browser with which I would surf the net and research up any assignment that I might have. Words cannot adequately express my gratitude to these two adorable and loving brothers.

Charlie Wooding, the blond boy from next door, brought me blooming and freshly flowers and a nice new hat and a cake written ‘Welcome Sophia and Kris to Brownton,’ which he said his grandmother, Sally Wooding, had supposedly baked. It was so sweet and tasty and pleasant that I had not tasted anything marvelous like it before.

Edward Halucha, the leggy and well-built and highly handsome bachelor from four houses down the street, brought me an expensive perfume he had picked for me while on a recent trip to Spain, and which he said he had bought from one of the Spanish royal family members themselves. He showed me photos of himself in Spain and this Maria Theresa Castillo woman whom he said was married to a grandchild of the Queen of Spain Herself. She was holding the perfume itself and smiling at the camera happily, appropriately dressed in a very expensive and far-reaching yellow dress that had an Indian look and elegance to it. On top of that, Edward brought me paintings and cookers and cutlery and carvings and dresses and boots from Spain itself! Everything he handed me screamed, “Spanish! Spanish! Spanish! And more Spanish!”

I will end here. Ten other men brought me diverse and unlike things. I cannot list them all or else my diary would be filled up and…become something else rather alien and outlandish. And I don’t want that to happen. This is strictly a diary. Not some detail-everything-to-the-very-last-bits sort of book. No way! That said and made clear, I am still muchly grateful and indebted to everyone who have brought me something from the depths and very bottom of their hearts, I fathom. Diary, goodbye!

I had an interview at nine. At Brownton University, where I wanted to study Fashion and Design. Not to become a model specifically. Clothes designing and artifice were my thing and talent. I habitually dreamt that one day I would come to be this fortunate and lucky and prosperous designer with my very own corporation and list of celebrities endorsed. But then for that to happen, I had to work very, very, very and sincerely hard. Nothing was going to come on a silver plate, free and un-worked-for. Not in this racking and toilsome world of ours. Not here.

After an effortless and slight warm showering, I stepped back into my bedroom, half-naked and clothed with a long white towel. By half-naked I do not mean that all my breasts were uncovered and denuded. I know. In our house Kris and I were the only living things around. Living humans to be point-on. Females exclusively. Who would care if we looked at each other naked? But then, ever since we had moved in here, we were occasionally bombarded with endless knocks and visits from our male neighbors. Not all of them being bachelors and unmarried. It was best that we put on something after washing, just so certain occurrences would not come about by accident.

Before my tall mirror—yes, I still disliked enormous mirrors, bit in this case, I had no alternative than to tolerate them—I slipped on a gray skirt suit and gray shoes and combed my hair straight and then tied it at the back of my head with a fastener. I looked…fine and superb. No qualms and misgivings about it.

Shortly afterwards, while I was hopping down the stairs, Kris cropped up into the living room, carrying a plate of cup cakes with one hand. She gestured over to me and voiced out, “Come and have breakfast, will you?”

“No, thank you.” I rushed past her off into the kitchen and she right away followed me.

“You are going to have an interview on an empty stomach, Sophia, are you?”

“I will eat later, mom.” I tossed open the door of our tall refrigerator and began looking about with worried and anxious eyes. 

“I don’t want you collapsing and passing out while the interview is still running.”

“I won’t pass out, mother.”

“Your stomach will groan and creak. And that will be an embarrassment before the interviewer. Eat something please.”

“Nope. I will give an apology if that happens. I have never heard of an interviewee who was kicked away from the interview for the sole reason that they were famished and had their stomach groaning and lamenting.”

When I glanced at Kris, she scowled at me, rolling her eyes what’s more. “You are stubborn, you know that, do you?” She asked me.

I grabbed out cheese and caned coke from the fridge and then heated scones from the oven, which I packed into a lunch box, before I responded back to her. “Sometimes to get your way in life, mother, you have to be this firm and persevering. That is how life largely works.”

Kris dropped her mouth open. “Even if it will cost you your dear life and brilliant future itself, you just have to be willful and pig-headed, isn’t that what you are trying to say?”

“One starved meal will not kill me, mother. A gone-wrong interview won’t ever destroy my entire future. Don’t you get it? It is that plain and simple, isn’t it?”

“I have no extended arguments with you.”

“Thank you very much. I will be taking my leave now. See you later!”

“Bye, sweetie! What about my kiss?”

“I will be late if I come back for it. Reserve it for next time.”

It was showering and drizzling when I drove my way out of the below-ground garage, and on I proceeded my way, away from our newly-bought house, sighing and exhaling out in easement. I would be through the interview. Yes, I would make it through without any troubles and hindrances. If any would arise, I had to know how to tackle and grapple them.

While my car sped on the not-so busy road, I played on some music—Stephanie Kaoma’s ‘Love is Waiting Around the Corner’ and Martin Drunkman’s ‘Watch Me As I Walk into Your Life.’ These were two slow romantic songs that I liked like nothing else. Every day I awakened from my sleep, I had to put them on to freshen and vitalize and enliven up my day. Is life ever possible without love? I don’t think so.

Twenty minutes after, I eventually made it to Brownton University. The drizzle was still present and ongoing. Shit! I had forgotten my umbrella back home and I wondered how I was going to make my way out in the rain. For that mistaking, I had to pay by getting drenched and wet. I surely had to.

As I was about to park my car, I hit into this lusciously-colored but olden-looking red car that was about to proceed its way out of the parking lot. My bonnet smashed into its tail-lights, shattering and wrecking them and the bonnet itself splintering up to some degree; my heartbeat quickened up. How had such a thing come to happen? How? And what would I do now? What? 

 








CHAPTER TWO: DANGEROUSLY FALLING IN LOVE

For a moment or two, I could not breathe. No matter how hard I tried to, my lungs stiffened and they could not endorse any air to freely make its way in or out. It was impossible to go about. While I sat still in my seat, frozen and iced up like actual ice itself, I processed everything that had happened as quickly and orderly as it had come to take place.

What had I just done? What was I thinking, inattentive and careless enough to smash into another car that was moving backwards toward mine? Was I prepared and able to meet the consequences of this accident, costly and high-priced they were? Was I really prepared to meet and fulfill them?

In no time, the door of the car that I had just slammed into swung open and a tall and potent-looking boy came out, seeming every way infuriated and nettled. His brow was creased and rumpled up, just like the skin beneath his eyes right above his nose. Shit! I was doomed to death! I sure was. The young man would without doubt kill me. He sure would.

Having made it to my car, he threateningly slapped a furious hand on the window of my vehicle. I blenched in my seat as I looked on at him. As my car had dark-tinted windows, he could not see me. But I myself on the other hand, I could discern and make him out very well. Very well indeed.

“Get the hell out of this car right now!” The man bellowed out, shaking and vibrating continually from excessive fury.

I quickly wound my window down and peeked out at him. He glared down at me instantly and our gazes locked, instantly and never-endingly. I was the one who first stirred—blinking my eyes and shifting about while declaring, “I am really sorry; I was just about to come out.”

Without hesitation, I slung the door open and stepped out, restless and anxious. What was going to happen to me? What would precisely come off me? What? What exactly?

Once I had took my stand in the faint glimmering sunlight—it had shortly just ceased to shower—I faced the man and uttered in a trembling voice, “Sir, I am really sorry for what happened. I truly am.” 

Something had changed. No, not the weather; not the slight and yet existent sunlight; not the surrounding or environment about us. The glare in the man’s eyes—recently fervid and murderous—had been replaced by a gentle and short-lived ogling. In a matter of minutes, the man shook off his head to regain back his senses. He looked startled and bewildered at the same time. And for a time I stayed quiet, expecting harsh and ill-natured words from him, which, fortunately, he did not come to voice out.

To my shock, his foremost words were, “Is this your first time driving? I mean are you new at this? Steering a vehicle?”

What a great difference and contrariety to what I was expecting! Instead of receiving cruel and inhuman words, I got sweetly and caring words. My heart was so melted and stirred by that. It was as though my very own ears had deceived me. Had they?

“This is not my first time driving,” I answered nevertheless.

The man narrowed his eyes at me as if intending to glower. He didn’t do that in any case. It was shock and dubiety on his part which had triggered that behavior, I later on found out. That was what it seemed to be. Sure.

“I am really sorry.”

“There is no need to say that. We all do make mistakes you know. Big mistakings like this one.”

I uplifted my eyebrows. “You mean you are not offended by me—”

He cut me short straight away. “I am not. It was just the tail-lights that got ruined. I can fix them easily and cheaply.”

“Are you a mechanic?”

“Sort of. Alex Ramirez is my name, and I am in my third year of studying Engineering at this university. May I know your name and where you come from?”

“I am Sophia Solochi; I am new in this town and the university itself.”

“You are quite a charming lady, I must acknowledge, Sophia.”

I smiled weakly and shyly, dreading where our conversation was heading to. Would he not estrange and alienate all of a sudden without a sound reason? To be upright with you, I was the one at fault here, and for that reason, I had to accept whatever it was that was going to come my way. Anything at all. “Thank you, Alex.” My response was weakly and unsound and shaky, just like I had meant it to be.

Following that, Alex looked at my bonnet. It was so…damaged. But not overly wrecked. Each time that I would drive from now on, it had to go on yawning and gaping wide open. Like a slit and mangled shoe which you have put on while walking. People would obviously stare and deride my car, which I was averse to see happen about.

“I may fix that as well,” Alex added on. 

What? No way! I would not let him. I was fortunate enough that he was not going to let me handle responsibilities for the damage of his car. That was enough, wasn’t it? And now I let him furthermore be accountable for the repairing and mending of my car? It was so unfair and insincere. Yes, it was.

“Alex.”

“Yes.” His eyes immediately veered to me.

“I can’t let you…I mean I cannot let you bear the accountability of the piecing of my car. It would be too much and unjust and one-sided and insulting of me, don’t you think so?”

“I don’t.”

“You don’t?”

“Yes, I don’t.”

“But—”

I was cut off before I had ventured any further. “I am a mechanic, Sophia. Not a professional and schooled one to be truthful. My father is the schooled and familiarized mechanic, and I learnt everything from him. If I ask him out, I am positive that he will give me a helping hand in the fixing of your car. I am not asking you to pay anything for it.”

“But—”

“Let us do this. We will swap cars right this moment. I will go home in your car to repair and make adjustments as they are needed. I will come with it tomorrow, fixed and new-looking. You yourself on the other hand will take my car and bring it back tomorrow. I will fix the shattered lights lastly and finally. And to prove to you that I am no cheat or trickster, I will have you seize my identity cards just so you will be confident that I can be easily traced and followed should I make a go at fleeing away. You car looks a bit modern and quite expensive than mine, don’t you agree?”

“I have no arguments or queries with that.”

“Which is a ‘yes’ as I take it, isn’t it?”

“Sure.”

Alex smiled at me warmly. His perfect smile…it dazzled my senses and swirl of emotions altogether. If I had not confessed it before, then now is the precise and rightful time. Alex was one such nice-looking and gorgeous guy. The kind of guy who, with his handsome face and energetic and well-molded body, would drive just about any woman insane and out of her mind. He had dark hair and dark eyes and olive skin and shady-like brown lips. At the moment, he was dressed in blue jeans and an immaculate white shirt and brown canvas shoes. He was ravishing in this in-complex and yet ingenuous attire. Like some bold and athletic model posing for a garb advertisement!

That night before I slept in my bed, lying down wide-eyed and wide-awake, I thought back to the moment when I had run into him. It was strange. But already I was starting to become attracted to him. Oh my! What nonsense and bull-sh*t this was! Was it normal to go bananas and irrational over some boy that I had just met hours ago? Was this actually some undeniable piece of bull-sh*t?

My interview had been awesome and hilarious and brilliant, all thanks to this boy called ‘Alex Ramirez’ whom I had just happened on. As I had took my seat down, glowing-looking and vivacious, I had by that moment been flown off into very high spirits, where I tarried and remained until after the interview was through. As I spoke with the interviewee, a tall and neatly-dressed-in-black woman named Vivian Sutherland, I had been this continually confident and smiling. Laughing and serious-behaved even. After the interview was through, Vivian had shook hands with me and eventually bid me farewell.

I walked away from the interview still in my glowing and luminous mood, which made those who were sitted and lined outside marvel and wonder at what was going on in there. Some group of three blond-haired girls asked me straight, to which I replied that nothing scary or intimidating was going in behind that closed door.

Alex’s car, a Jeep Cougar, was great fun and amusement to drive and ride. Although one of the oldest cars still around, it was the fastest thing that I had ever driven. Fifty minutes I had driven to the university in my car—a Ferrari Cordon. Thirty minutes I had driven from the university back home in Alex’s red-painted vehicle. The load of traffic was still much the same, free and unfilled.

Kris had gone out to shop vegetables and onions and tomatoes and the like when I arrived home. I picked up on it in the note that she laid on the wool carpet, straight after opening up the door. She would return in an hour or so, she surmised. That dinner, before I had packed off for bed that is, our conversation, in between boiled eggs and fried sausage and fried rice and carrots and boiled potatoes and glasses of juice, had been:

Kris, sipping steadily her glass of orange juice. “I noticed that you came back in a different car. One with the tail-lights broken and shattered. What happened to your legitimate car?”

I looked up at her suspiciously. “It got damaged. In a trivial accident that is and I sent it off for repairing.”

“A trivial accident? Why didn’t you tell me about it, Sophia?”

“I didn’t want to annoy or worry you. You were so pre-occupied with the cooking and cleaning up and rearranging of things. I didn’t want to disturb and bog down your high-flown spirits with my stupid account.”

“Suppose you had got hurt?”

“I didn’t, mom. That is the fortunate part of it all, isn’t it?”

She shook her head. “I don’t want you involved in anything like it again, Sophia, do you hear me?”

“I do.”

“So whose car is that anyway?”

“Alice’s. She is my newest friend. I met her today and we became great friends instantly. She was kind enough to lend me her car to drive myself here home. It is a long drive from school, remember, and she wouldn’t have me walk or board a bus all the way here.”

Kris merely frowned and scowled. “You are lucky to have such type of a friend. Be good to her always and make your friendship last as long enough as it possibly can. Anyway, how did your interview go?”

“Perfect. With Alice around, it was just amazing and heavenly. It all went smoothly and appropriately.”

“I trust that they will take you to be one of their first year students this semester.”

“They probably will, mom.”

“Tell me one question they asked you?”

“Why I want to study Fashion and Design.”

“And your response? How was it?”

“I showed the interviewee some pieces of clothing that I designed personally. She fell for them helplessly and even remarked that I have great talent. This is something I have wanted to do all my life. A dream I have worked hard for all these long and painful years just to accomplish and fulfill. I want to designate and style clothes that are health-giving and hygienic and which people of diverse and unlike cultures can embrace and accede to. I want to dress humanity well and efficiently.”

For a second, Kris looked at me wordlessly and taken aback, as if wanting to say something but then lacking the efficient strength and zeal to do so. 

“What do you think?” I asked her.

She blinked instantaneously. “That was sublime. I wasn’t expecting to hear that from you to be clear-cut.”

“You weren’t?”

“Yes, I wasn’t.”

It was strangely cold and unwelcoming in my bed. Maybe because it was raining outside. Hard and never-endingly. The roof above rattled and reverberated, the windows beneath it spattering and splashing up. Not that the roof on its own was rattling and reverberating and the windows themselves spattering and splashing. The rain was the agent and force behind these sounds. Without it, the sounds themselves would be non-existent.

I don’t know how I fell asleep; I just did; and when I woke up, morning had already dawned and broke forth. Flashes and streaks of sunlight filtered through the cream white curtains into my enormous room, newly-looking and a bit dazzling at first sight. The feelings themselves about me, they were sickly-like and shallow and sleazy-like.

I had no schooling to go about that precise day. No tutorial or teaching at all. Still, I managed to convince Kris that I would be out to meet Ashley and return her car to her. In fact, it was Alex Ramirez I was meeting and no un-existing Alice. Kris didn’t interrogate me much about it. She kindly asked me to express her deep-felt and sincere gratitude to this goodly Alice that had helped her one and only daughter. Who was me without doubt.

The traffic was severe and strong that morning when I left. I arrived thirty minutes late at Brownton, the ground and lawn of the institution being this highly drenched and wet, to the point that each time that I made my way on the non-paved walkway, I had to be meticulously careful and attentive of where I stepped and how I made that particular step. I put on a blue sundress and blue flat shoes and fastened and secured my hair behind me with a lovely-looking blue ribbon. Simply put, I was graceful and neat and flawless in consummate blue.

Wherever I went to, the boys had a ‘you-look-so-magnetic’ expression in their eyes. Not a loudly voiced one. But a silenced-uttered one. That was also equally true with the girls.

I found Alex waiting for me on a wooden bench sited under a giant tree, where he was sitted and relaxing. Like boys are fond of doing, he was busy checking out the strolling by girls and ladies. It seemed he hadn’t been intent on going about that. But with nothing more to do and occupy his mind and senses, he had no alternative but to go on sizing the walking by chicks. Did I say ‘chicks’? Boops! It should be damsels!

The moment he noticed me, while I was still half-way away from him, he gave me that overwhelmed and overpowered look that the other boys had given me moments back. His mouth opened slightly, his eyebrows widening, his expression softening and tenderizing. What? Did my mere presence had that power and ability to quell and make people become overwhelmed that way?

I sat down on the bench just next to him, and having looked up at him, smiled slightly. “Alex Ramirez, how are you doing?”

His eyes tarried and lingered on my face. “Fine, Sophia. And you?”

“I am equally fine as well. Sorry I am late. The traffic was this heavy and cumbersome and annoyingly very slow. I should have called you, but then I don’t have your number.”

“Do you need it right now?”

“Uhmnnn…no, I guess. I am already here and that is what is important, isn’t it?”

“Sure!”

The air gusted past me, pushing off loose threads of light brown hair into my face, ones which I had not tied and made fast. I tossed them away in that girly and delicate way that men cannot help but lift eyebrows at and wonder in silence, inwardly enraptured and delighted and transported off into alien and yet entrancing thoughts. 

“Are you not having classes today?” I checked the time on my phone. It was spot-on ten thirty. 

Alex sighed in relief. “I am free and readily available. All day that is.”

“What do you connote by that?”

“Nothing really. I was wondering if you would join me for…a snack. What do you say?”

I thought about it for a while. “No problem.” To be upright with you, all I wanted right now was to catch a glimpse of my car. Had Alex really fixed it, with the help of his mechanic father? Or had he failed to? Maybe not done anything at all?

He led me straight to my car. There it was parked, new-looking and repaired and faultless. The bonnet looked ideal and whole. No damage on it, no any slight flaw or defect or fracture. My goodness! Alex had done such a good job indeed! While I surveyed the car, I became this breathless and entranced and so overjoyed. Words are not adequate to explain the surge of emotions that I was undergoing that very moment. No, they are not sufficient enough.

“Alex.” My eyes drifted to him, startled and thankful at the same time. “Thank you so much for repairing my car. I wasn’t expecting it to be this wholesome and perfect. You did everything right and beyond what I was foreseeing done. Thank you so much.”

He smiled steadily at me, a winning and well-performed smile. “It is my pleasure, Sophia, to hear that; it assuredly is.”

I breathed out quietly at my own desired pace. “So tell me, did your father give you a helping hand in the fixing of my car?”

He wavered a little bit. “He did.”

“You haven’t yet told me his name, have you?”

“No; I probably will anyway. He is Alex Ramirez Senior.”

“Hmmnnn, so you are junior, right?”

“I sure am.”

“Pass him my best wishes and deep-most appreciation, will you?”

“As you wish.”

We drove to a cafeteria in my car. I was not the one who drove. Alex did. Unlike yesterday, his clothes were in some way mucky and soiled. I noticed it while stealing a glance at him from the comfort of my seat. He took notice almost immediately and resolved, “Sorry that I have to go out and eat with you looking this filthy and foul. I had to give Alex—I mean dad—a helping hand with some engine clean-up before I started off for Brownton. Are you offended by me being this dirty and unclean?”

“No. Why would you even say that? I understand the sanity of you being this way.”

He smiled solely.

I looked away from him that instant, fearing that should I stare at him longer than was necessary he would think that I was examining and checking out how dirty and despicable he was. Which was far off from the actual truth. I didn’t care that he was dirty and soiled up. I didn’t care that he was not clean and spotless like I was. I didn’t care that he was dressed in humble clothing while I was this richly and neatly garbed. I didn’t care about anything at all. Oh yes, I did not give a damn whatsoever!

That moment I stared away from him, Alex had his eyes on me. I first felt it and then discerned his watchful eyes from the corner of mine. What was it with me? Or anything about me that was worthwhile looking.

Having noticed how so quiet we both were, Alex put on some music, making my heart dance and my soul stir up to the rhythm and enticing slow beat itself. Yes, he put on some unending tracks of slow romantic music. One that I was keen on and would listen to with all my heart and soul and spirit altogether. Alex! How so sweet and charming he was!

The third song, which repeated twice, and which I happened to fall for the most, went like this—it was a man who was singing, by the name of Christopher Mooning, and to me, it felt like Alex himself was caroling out to me:

Baby, baby, my sweet angel
Baby, baby, my perfect angel
Baby, baby, my amazing angel
Baby, baby—the one who has stolen and seized my heart

There is something special about your lovely eyes
Something special about the curving and shapeliness of your lips
Something golden about the way you smile
Something brilliant about the way you talk

Baby, baby, I am falling so madly for you
Baby, baby, I can’t go on without thinking about you
Baby, baby, you are my heart and my breath itself
Baby, baby—you are the one I live to see and eternally hold in my arms

Baby, baby, I like the way you look at me
Baby, baby, have I told you
That I fell for you that very second 
I laid my eyes on you

Have I told you that
No matter how hard I tried
I could not forget that picture of you
Smiling and looking so quiet and so grave

Baby, baby, you are my sweet angel
Baby, baby, you are my perfect angel
Baby, baby, you are my amazing angel
Baby, baby—you are the one who has stolen and seized my heart and breath itself

That is not the entire song. Just a part of it I included here so you can get a taste and feel of how the spectacle was. While the song played on and on, Alex would glance at me every once in a while, enchanted and fascinated by what his eyes were seeing. I had no doubt or misgiving that the guy was so attracted to me. He definitely was. And I was drawn toward him as well on the other hand. Yes, I was. I sure was.

The cafeteria we had our snacks at was ‘Sam’s Lobelia.’ That was its simple and yet marvelous name. At the entrance, there was a sketch of blue and scarlet colored lobelias grouped and bundled together. Brilliant and delightful to look at flowers. 

Inside, the tables and chairs were white-painted and plastic-manufactured. The floor was mahogany and polished and shining. The ceiling was mahogany-fashioned too and sited high and farther above with scarlet and blue colored lights illumining and shimmering up. It was a nice and wonderful place to be. How I wished I had dragged my camera with me so as to snag a photo or two of Alex and I munching and whooping it up!

We had ensconced down, waiting for the menu that we had just ordered to be delivered, when Alex, on the spur of the moment and unexpectedly, observed me looking about in fascination and enrapturement, and he remarked, “I have noticed that this cafeteria happens to bewitch and charm you, isn’t that it?”

I blinked at him rapidly—an unforeseen and unplanned movement.  “You are right, Alex. I turn out to like and revel in this place, you know.”

“I can positively tell. Would you mind taking photos? Of us? I have my phone with me and its camera is this matchless and unrivalled. What’s your say on that?”

I breathed in and out, mystified and robbed of any words. How was this guy able to do it? It seemed that he was an expert at amusing and cheering me up and giving me what I really and deeply wanted. Yes, he was fantastic and ideal!

“Is there anything at fault with it, Sophia?”

I answered immediately. “No, no. I didn’t suggest that. It is an excellent and wowing idea. I mean it. Honestly.”



    


 

    
THE END!












