TITLE PAGE: DEAD BY DAWN – THE EVERSORS ARISING BY SAMUEL MOYO

This imaginary tale and the characters comprised therein are property and appurtenance to the sole owner and possessor, Samuel Moyo. They are not to be made use of and administered in conduct and behavior that disregards and slights the author of his authority and claim and privilege and reason. Feigned and invented the events and occurrences in the account are, any likely coincidence or correspondence to actual and existent narratives or persons is virtuously and sincerely accidental and unintended. All assortment and disposition—or even distribution or usage—of the tale and its characters thereof must be approved and ratified by the author who alone has designed and invented them into being. He holds any thinkable and yet reasonable rights to this fabrication and anything it comprises.


Copyright 2014. All Rights Reserved.
































AUTHOR PREFACE

If you happen to enjoy my free e-book, I would be highly indebted to you if you would leave a review of it. At the very end I have included the first two chapters of my presently published serial, The Bride Who Murdered Her Groom Season One: Episode One, a YA paranormal romance. You can get the book online on Smash-words for free. You can also drop by my new blog at:

http://www.wordsofentertainment887.wordpress.com/

Don’t forget to check the sites below—where I publish my serials—and where on every Friday I post bonus scenes to my stories which you wouldn’t come across without calling in on the links themselves. 

http://m.textnovel.com/story/my-library/16006/1

http://www.wattpad.com/story/23964153-dead-by-dawn-the-eversors-arising

If you have any emails to send to me, send them at:

samuelmoyo887@gmail.com







DEDICATION: I dedicate this book to my cherished and sweetheart grandmother, Talent Moyo. I love you earnestly.




CHAPTER ONE: PRETERNATURAL BEASTS

With glacial air turning him to ice, and the very same biting air flapping his extremely long chestnut dark hair behind him, and his hands swaying back and forth, and eyes not swerving away from his focus—which was the spacious and shadowy forest him—Busiku whizzed his way, nimble as a bullet, his movement being straight and undeviating.

In his whole life (twenty-six years of existence), he had never been a human being. Or obtained the slightest experience of what it felt like to be one. Humans were his foe-men and food too. And nothing else besides that.

As he sprinted in the dimness, the scent of his worst rival, Anthony, his twin brother, whom he was intent on killing, trickled like a fragrant odor does to a human being, straight into his flaring nostrils. He smelled him as though he was so close to him, located within sniffing distance, when in reality he was quite far from him, far away from where he could even catch a tiniest glimpse of.

Anthony smelled of disquietude and anxiety and dread. Which he was without doubt feeling.

Busiku tensed to a sudden pause and sniffed further, his coal black eyes stretching wider. He could smell Anthony draw near, towards his direction, his pace being rapid and sharpened. It seemed he was running away from something.

He sniffed farther. Behind Anthony, about ten feet or so, followed one of his fighting men, whose name he recognized as Beenzu, and his emotions too, like Anthony’s, reflected panic and tremor and dread.

Something was not right, Busiku fathomed. He sniffed furthermore.

The scent almost made him puke the instant he inhaled it. It was nauseous and sickening and horrible. He had not smelled anything like it before. Not even once in his lifetime.

While Busiku spat at the nauseating scent, unexpected visions, tinted with a darkish blue color, streaked in his mind. He saw a wild beast, gray-furred, with deep black eyes, a long and hairy white tail, and paws with cutting claws, as well as a huge and heavy body the size of a lion’s, streaking into the forest pursuing Anthony and Beenzu’s trail. It raced swiftly, paws digging and leaving stamp marks on the ground beneath, its furs bestirring and flowing back smoothly, driven by the potent wind. When it split up its black and unshapely lips, razor-edged and lengthy teeth were showcased. Busiku blenched at the vision, never having beheld a creature like it in his entire life.

After the beast had whizzed out of view, five more alike beasts sped into sight and at last dropped out of appearance behind the cover of shadowy trees, dropping their mouths menacingly like the first beast, and putting to view keen-edged teeth that were stained with newly fresh blood.

The beasts could have been growling, but Busiku did not overhear it.

Before the vision faded away, he saw the first beast leap on Beenzu’s back and toss him down to the ground, severing its claws deep into his skin. Beenzu tore his lips, crying out without denial. Two more beasts arrived and cut him to pieces with their intensely sharp teeth that glittered in the gentle moonlight and seemed to be formed of metal.

The scene was ghastly indeed.

Two other two beasts sprinted past them and chased Anthony, who ran without glancing back, obviously using his smell-and-see ability to look behind. While the two beasts neared, bolting in segregated paths, the vision was cut off from Busiku’s mind abruptly.

He was not aware of how he had brought himself to undergo it, and as such, he could not extend it, or even initiate another one. That was what every time he hurt him the most. That his brother could initiate accurate visions so easily without him being able to do so likewise.

He scowled and probed for Jordan’s scent. She was all he needed to detect and catch now. There was no need to worry about Anthony. Those unheard-of but fierce beasts would take good care of him. They would infallibly mow him down, just like they had dealt with one of his fighting men, and Anthony could in no way outlive their attack. It was virtually impossible.

Having meditated this, Busiku inquired for Jordan’s scent. He identified it among the numberless scents that streamed into his nostrils. She was running too, in fear of her life, but not because of dread for the unheard-of beasts. Busiku’s own eversoric army was pursuing her.

Following this discovery, he—Busiku—scudded his way past the trees, trailing the route where Jordan’s scent rose from, and moreover where it was proceeding to. There, a farther miles away from him, she ran, her pace sharply swift, and hosts of eversor men that came after her, their glowing red eyes lightening the forest behind her, growled threateningly at her.

While Jordan tore forward, her scent, carried by the immense wind, wandered on, until it ran into the nostrils of a huge and fierce-looking beast, exactly similar to the five beasts that Busiku had seen rip Beenzu up into pieces in his foregone vision.

This enormous beast, almost the size of a donkey, was being followed by seven more beasts of the same kind that were hurrying behind it, their horrible lips split to unveil intensely sharp teeth. The moment the first beast sniffed Jordan’s scent, it leapt to a halt and swerved in the direction where her scent had arose from. Which was south. It sniffed farther and farther, and then, assured that it had smelled its prey, it hopped after her, the others deviating and galloping after it.

The leaves and branches and shrubs were clearly seeable before the eyes of this beast, as if enlightened with a broad and yet slight yellow light. It proceeded its way past such branches and shrubs and very sharp thorns without the least scratch or cut, as its skin, veiled by its gray furs, was assuredly impenetrable and protective. It leapt through the lofty and crowded trees, just like Jordan on the other hand, who had her eyes fixed ahead of her, her feet heedful of where they tramped on. She had never sprinted this fast in her entire life, and the more she pressed forward, the more exhausted she quickly grew.

Just when she had stepped into a widespread glade, filled with jammed rocks that made it quite challenging to rush through it without tumbling down, another host of eversor men, emerging from the trees before her, paced towards her, their eyes ablaze, menacing growls slipping from their slightly ajar lips.

At that moment, Jordan tensed to a hurried halt. Her worried nut-brown eyes, excessively lovely eyes—verily, verily, verily beautiful eyes that were so wide and ladylike-shaped—scanned the men, who, it was evident, were not in human form, but a differing and unnatural form. Additional men strode from the forest, forming a curve about her.

She gulped, abandoned of thoughts, and confound for what seemed like an inconsiderable while. Then, struck with a snap decision, she swayed toward the solely accessible locality to her, which was a site fraught with interspaced trees but had huddled enormous rocks and microscopic and yet keen-edged stones. Without dawdling, she bolted towards the locality, delirious and frenzied to get away from the monsters that instantaneously pursued her, howling and yowling thunderously.

Before she had even reached the trees, whilst still working her way through the daintly and somewhat intricate rocks, fierce beasts, yes, precisely the ones that had picked up her scent and had followed it—seven on them in number—appeared from the very trees she was headed to, capering and speeding their way on the rocks.

Jordan tensed once more at their sight , blood racing in her veins, her overly long and beautiful jet-black hair quivering as if it had been lurched by the wind. She had never seen anything as frightful and ugly as them. What were they? She questioned herself.

As the seven beasts drew near her, she turned to ice from utter horror, her pulse rate held all of a sudden, her breath breaking off all at once. She deduced that she was dead.

To her surprise and heightened dismay, the beasts proceeded past her one by one, in the very same manner they had showed up from the forest.

She turned back in the blink of an eye.

The first beast, growling like a disquieted lion, sprang on one of the flinching eversor men and instantly tore him up to pieces with its piercingly pointed teeth, blood splattering on the rocks, a high-sounding scream ascending to never descend in the dense air.

At discerning that, the other eversors spun and fled for their dearest lives, converting back to human form in the hopes that the beasts would leave them be like they had done with Jordan.

The other six beasts darted after them, growling and yowling more fiercely and threateningly. Two of them knocked down a handful of the eversoric men, ripping and severing them to their sharply painful deaths, and moving on to a few surplus horror-stricken men, whom they ripped and severed to immediate but highly painful unconsciousness as well.

Jordan sighed in assuagement as the beasts leapt into the forest, forsaking behind the neighboring bodies of ripped and lifeless eversor men who had perished in human form.

But then, on the spur of the moment, one of the beast—gigantic , but not very much, with its gray furs being unmistakable in the moonlight that lighted the glade, and cutting teeth that were fiercely long and stripped bare—spun towards her, growling noisily and carrying on to stir toward her.

She went rigid again, the atmosphere of fear hemming in about her. She deemed herself dead and started quivering.

Because the beast was growling with an ear-piercing sound, Jordan did not know that someone, a man, was loping toward her from behind, the immense wind sweeping off his lengthy hair away from his face. His boots, extending slightly above his ankles, stroked the stones with a tapping sound that was out-sounded by the piercing roar emerging ahead of him.

When the beast had set off in cantering towards her, Jordan swerved suddenly and took her flight, rushing a few steps on the rocks before she carried out a misstep that drove her flying down towards the rocks.

Before she had boxed down painfully on the rocks, the unperceived man, having reached her, stretched his powerful hands and laid hold of her, going on to pull her to himself so that he could lovingly embrace her.

With his hands flexed on her back, quite immovably, and his heavy chest pressed down against her, so that he stood looking down at her as he was a bit taller than her, the man tore his lips as if to say something, but did not actually utter any slight word.

Jordan looked up at him, her intensely lovely eyes searching his face, the most stunningly handsome and most exquisite manful face that she had ever seen. In that moment, her breath vanished away, and excessive feelings of sexual incitement shot through her veins. The world around her seemed to melt away for a while, as well as her fears and anxiety, apart from him alone.

“Anthony,” she voiced in an astonished voice.

He was ogling her ceaselessly—pre-eminent handsomeness met with prominent beauty. And true to the saying that female beauty ever triumphs, of the two, it was Anthony who became magnetized the most by Jordan’s natural and quiet beauty. Her skin did rarely shone make-up or any other ornaments, and yet it looked so baby smooth and perfectly flawless, with rare imperfections here and there, and it was highly pleasant to lay hold of and stroke unhurriedly.

The growls of the two beasts coming after these gazing two cut them short from their limitless and affectionate ogling at each other. Anthony gripped Jordan tightly and kept an eye on the beast that was chasing him behind by inquiring for its scent, which he came across. Jordan, on one other hand, was staring at this very same beast, and the beast behind her was being stared at expressly by Anthony.

Both speeding beasts came to a quick halt, growling and howling threateningly, and both were stationed not any far from them.

“What are they?” Jordan voiced into Anthony’s ears, her voice loud.

“I don’t know,” he replied. “But it seems that they are enemies of my kind. They have killed a high number of Busiku’s men. Forty-two of them.”

Jordan understood then why the beast behind her had come after her following its advancement into the forest. It had recognized Anthony’s scent, and as such, it was him whom it was pursuing.

“What will you do?” She said.

Anthony blinked in surprise. “Me.”

“Yes. It is you whom the creatures are craving for. They want you, and not me.”

“I am aware of that. To be honest, I have never learnt about the existence of any such creatures. My greatest fear is if I dig that they are immune to my powers. That would make it extremely difficult for me to get rid of them.”

“That is your problem, Anthony.”

“Stop behaving as if you do not give a damn about me. As if you don’t care at all. As if you don’t…” He stopped there, not wishing to disclose to Jordan what he had mused about.

“As if I don’t what? Sum it up, Anthony.”

“Never mind.”

Jordan sighed, her eyes rolling. “Whatever. You can be quite a nerd, you know. You really did misunderstand me. It is not like I expressed that I don’t give the slightest damn about you at all. I do.”

“You do?”

“Uh-mnn!”

Anthony smiled, unobserved by Jordan. His was a highly dazzling smile. One which, once beheld—could not ever be let slip from the memory. It was prominently and honestly a charming smile.

At that twinkling, as Anthony was still withholding his very lovely smile, the beast facing Jordan, which was slightly huge than the one staring Anthony, howled and abruptly sprang forward, intending to pounce on her without warning.

Its rapid motion was registered in his mind. He foreknew that the beast had aimed to knock her down on her back, having secured its grasp on her throat, so that, with her out of the way, the other one would act promptly and seize him by surprise so as to claw and tear and crunch him without any constraint.

While the beast stirred in the air—its cutting teeth uncovered and gnawed as Anthony glimpsed them through still but narrowed red-blazing eyes—he revolved without notice, faster than the beast was advancing, and then, standing behind Jordan and sniffing her scent of unexpected shock and abounding awe, he wrapped his powerful hands on her chest and jumped away from the station of extreme danger with her.

As such, the beast missed and grounded on unoccupied rocks. It quickly searched for Jordan and Anthony, who had fallen a few steps away from it. There, on razor-edged but enormous rocks, Anthony embraced Jordan, his very long hair disarranged just like hers, his glowing eyes set on the vexed beast.

When his eyes encountered those of the beast, it was dazzled and seethed by his fierce light so that it became blind in a few seconds; when that took place, it was driven to look away.

Anthony yanked Jordan up to her feet, yelling, “Let us go! Quickly!”

She rose up with him instantaneously.

The other beast, giving out a threatening growl, noticed them flee and galloped after them; they ran, Jordan panicking, and Anthony, his hand tightening on hers, hauling her behind him.

Anthony could sense the beast drawing nearer and nearer. Its fleetness greatened each lapsing second and it was additionally sharply swift, even more swift than any earthly wild animal that he had ever smelled running.

His hair flapping to his back, Anthony suddenly turned and held Jordan from her flight at the same moment. He cast his blazing eyes at the rocks below and within a millisecond, they were on swelling fire. The fire extended, forming a straight line, that swerved, and ran in a straight motion again, and swayed another time, and eventually the fourth and final time. The line crossed with the first one so that a square of fire put the two beasts in detainment.

While the beasts growled and yowled in frustration, Anthony spun to face Jordan and sighed. His eyes dwelt on her face, and in no time, he was won over by her meek comeliness.

She sighed too. “Thank you for saving my life, Anthony. If you were not here, I doubt that I would still be alive by now.”

He smiled at her, a kindly and soft smile. “You are welcome.”

She smiled too, a simple and yet very beautiful smile. “I appreciate everything that you are doing for me. A while ago, I thought that you were pious on killing me. But now, I didn’t think that way at all. Not at all.”

Anthony grew stern-faced. “Jordan, has anyone ever told you about how so beautiful you are?”

She quit breathing at hearing that. Her mouth hung open, her tongue sinking deeper into her mouth. Simply put, she just didn’t know what to say to that. She was a virgin, one that had never been relished by a man, and honestly, she had no expertise in love stuff and sex, none whatsoever.

“Jordan,” Anthony repeated. “Do you realize how so beautiful you are?”

“I am not.”

“Yes, you are. You overwhelm me, you know.”

She turned away from away. “You are imagining things.”

“I am not. It is my eyes that can see it.”

“Really? If your eyes can see that I am beautiful, how come mine don’t conceive things that way? I am ever ugly in the mirrors, Anthony. I mean it.”

That tickled him to uncontrolled laughter and endless tears.

“You see. You are a liar. And you are laughing at me because you know that I am so ugly and never so beautiful.”

He made an effort to stop his laughter and tears, but failed. “No, Jordan. That is not the reason for my laughing. You are not ugly. You have never been ugly in your life. You have always been this…stunningly beautiful. I mean what I say.”

“Thanks.” The reply was a softened one.

Anthony stepped closer to her, facing her back, and wrestling to lay a gentle hand on her shoulder, but dreading her reaction. She was staring at the dark forest before them. Yes. He had his eyes on her lovely face, even when she had her back on him. He could clearly see her facial expression as though he stood right before her. Her brows were knitted in bitterness, her lips pressed together, her forehead puckered. In spite of her extreme rage, her beauty was effortlessly prevalent. God, this woman was so…so…so beautiful! Did she really realize it? It didn’t appear so.

While his hand trembled in the chilly air, he smelled her emotions. There was anger and vexation and uneasiness and self-doubt on her part. These were no good symptoms at all that could worsen when he touched her. As such, he withdrew his hand away from her.

As he did so, he smelled danger. The scent, unexpected and sudden, hit him without warning and steered his eyes and reflection and intellect toward the forest before him. He followed the source of the scent—past swaying trees and slithering snakes and rocky hills and dry skulls that lay on the ground and hopping birds and hosts of red ants and swarms of bees. There, deep in the forest, not very far away from him, he saw an order of men, all with very long hair, marching in his route and preceded by a company of six beasts, yes, very much the same as the ones that he had squared in with fire. The men, four in number, with two women—one blond, and the other one black-haired—pressed forward in utter silence, and the beasts hurried behind them, their tongues wagging in the chilly air.

That was no good signal, Anthony reasoned. He sifted for the emotions of these strangers, which were anger and uncertainty and distastefulness and persistence.

For seconds, he hardened, pitch black eyes tied on the forest before him, hair swaying behind him as wind gushed in his direction.

Jordan studied him with stupefied eyes. “Anthony,” she called at last.

He stirred and blinked at her.

Her brows knitted. “What is wrong with you?”

“Some people are coming after us.”

“People? How many of them?”

“They are six. And all of them are preservers with fierce beasts attending them.”

“What kind of fierce beasts are you talking about?”

“Huge beasts. Like the ones I enmeshed with fire. They are moving closer. I can smell them. And they can smell me too.” 

“Which spells out that they are settled on devouring you.”

“Exactly.”

Jordan shrank a step back, shuddering.

Anthony, who was overlooking the forest, sniffing and creasing his nose, revolved abruptly at a lightning pace and yanked Jordan’s arm. She blenched, as it was an unforeseen movement, and especially not with his pensive eyes converting to a dazzling and threatening red.

He dragged her hastily toward the forest. “Quick,” he vociferated. “They have moved so close than I was looking forward to.”

Jordan hastened her pace, bemoaning, “Will you unloose your grasp on my arm a little bit? You are hurting me.”

He did just that.

But then, it was quite late.

Two beasts, with lengthy white tails, deep black eyes, and gray furs, emerged into view, leaping from the forest and carrying on to blockade them in their trail. They came to an instantaneous halt right that moment, and Anthony, making use of his endowment, hunted the scents of the other four beasts. They had been surrounded.

Jordan rotated, attempting to check behind. She saw the four beasts, all hard black eyed with intensely sharp teeth unsheathed; she breathed out, bemused and stupefied.

Behind the four beasts stood two women—one was long-legged with moderately long white blond hair and ivory white skin and thoughtful gray eyes, and the other was a bit short with long black hair and crimson-chocolate skin and grim black eyes. She was Indian, without doubt.

Aside from these two women, there were four men, very strong men with drawn-out hair. Of the four, the most powerful was of Indian race as well, like the former woman, with browned skin, a slight dark brown, and faint green eyes, and black hair. Next to him was another Indian man, his skin a consummate ginger, his hair dark brown in color, his eyes a terrible pitch black. Following him were two motionless men, the taller one Caucasian with white blond hair like the leggy woman and selfsame gray eyes. His ally was Negro, with light chocolate skin, and hazel eyes, and umber-colored hair. 

Of the entire six, the Indian woman and the Negro man carried bows, and they both had long arrows leveled at Jordan and Anthony. The Caucasian man had a sharp sword in his hand, a straightened but short sword.

“We are trapped,” Jordan notified Anthony.

He stood unmoving facing the two beasts before him. His eyes were frightful and narrowed, beaming a dazzling red which the beasts overlooking him did not dare to confront. The beaming of his eyes was sufficient to enlighten the area about him. He did not need to turn and look at the group behind him from one to the next. Just by smelling them, he could clearly see them. And he as well considered their emotions, which were resentment and resoluteness.

“What do we do?” Jordan questioned, furious that Anthony had not responded to her. She stepped toward him backwardly, and her back knocked against his.

“Nothing,” he answered.

Her eyes bulged. “What do you mean by that?”
















CHAPTER TWO: A DEADLY FLOWER

Anthony’s eyes gleamed brighter and brighter, their red rays flashing and penetrating into the lightless forest. They lighted the ground, which was plain naked and overspread with rocks here and there.

“Have you surrendered?” Jordan inquired. “Finally prepared to die?”

“No,” Anthony breathed, his voice unmanly and low.

“Then?”

“I would never give up,” he maintained.

One of the two beasts facing him stirred. It started forward, exhibiting its teeth and allowing out a menacing growl. He stared it in the eyes, and as his eyes encountered the beast’s, the brightness flowing forth from his eyes greatened, so that the beast backed away from him, howling and looking away.

Someone moved behind him. He took heed. It wasn’t Jordan. That he could tell. He tracked the scent of the individual and became aware that it was…the Indian woman, who walked towards Jordan, her arrow directed at her.

“None of the two of you moves,” the woman declared. “If anyone of you moves, I will shoot him or her.”

Anthony noted Jordan tensing and succumbing to fear. She trembled.

Someone made a move too besides from the woman. Anthony followed the source of the individual’s scent, which was the browned man with faint green eyes, who was also the most powerful of the six, based on appearance.

“Why are you with him?” The man spoke to Jordan, pacing towards her. “I am Karl Avani, a preserver like you. The lady here is Carrie Avani, my sister. You can trust us. Tell us, did he kidnap you?”

Jordan breathed in comfort. “No, he didn’t.”

Anthony attempted to spin around.

Carrie warned in a loud voice. “She can move, but not you. If you disobey me, I will have no choice but to strike you.”

Following that, Anthony stiffened, the gleam emerging from his eyes intensifying.

“He is dangerous,” Karl told Jordan.

“I know,” she voiced in a very girly but hushed voice.

Someone moved behind, Anthony noticed. The scent led straight to the dark brown haired Indian man, who walked after Karl. Karl turned to glare at him right away. He scolded, “Don’t, Alvin.” Alvin stopped dead. Karl, frowning and gladdened, spun back to Jordan and apologized, “I am sorry. Alvin is my little persistent brother. Not biological brother in actuality. He is just a pal.”

“It is fine,” Jordan remarked, smiling—a forced but affrightened smile. Anthony could tell that based on his examination of her emotions.

“Get away from him,” Carrie ordered.

Anthony panicked at overhearing that, his eyes narrowing once more.

Jordan enlarged her eyes, her mouth dropping open, her tongue shrinking inside, her forehead creasing.

Karl assigned her a nod. “Do it. We will help you out.”

“I don’t need any help,” Jordan argued.

“He is dangerous,” Carrie disagreed. “And for that, we must kill him.”

“No,” Jordan shouted. “You won’t.” She spun quickly and clung to Anthony, embracing him, in detail, wrapping her hands on his stomach and at last tying them there. She leaned her head down on his shoulder.

Anthony smiled, overjoyed. That was the first time that she had hugged him at her own desire. That moment, he was the happiest man in the entire world!

Carrie’s eyes enlarged from utter amazement.

“What is she doing?” Alvin asked Karl, who narrowed his eyes.

“I don’t know,” he replied angrily.

“You won’t kill him,” Jordan declared. “He means the world to me in the sense that he saved my life just a while ago. If I die, I die with him.  I owe him. And I can never repay him.”

“It is not true,” the white blond woman gave voice to, her voice being a sharp and hard-edged one. It sounded like a man’s in some way. “Eversors never rescue their enemies. They loathe them. And destroy them. They always eat their enemies.”

“He didn’t eat me,” Jordan fought back. “Or even try to.”

“He can do it after we are gone,” the woman maintained. “You must never—”

Karl interrupted, “Leave it there, Tia. The lady could be right. He is perfectly harmless. Or else we would have found her dead, don’t you think so?”

Tia blinked in rage. “You could be right.”

Appeased and at ease, Jordan pulled back from Anthony, loosening her hands from his stomach.

Carrie attacked. She freed an arrow, which zapped in the air like lightning, heading straight towards Anthony’s arm, and, with a sudden jab, it pierced into his flesh, cracking through bone and settling there.

Anthony groaned all of a sudden, groaning from the terrible pain that plagued him, and falling down to his knees. His interior yellow shirt and exterior black jacket were drenched with an unceasing flow of blood.

Jordan, who had turned away from him, whirled after him quickly. She glimpsed him and wrinkled her forehead in extreme anger.

Karl shouted behind, “Carrie, stop!”

Carrie ignored him and fetched another arrow.

“Carrie!” Karl reprimanded.

She frowned, aiming at Anthony’s throat with her eye. The arrow had by then been located on the string.

“Carrie!” Karl yelled loudly, hurrying toward her.

She held an expected breath, all set and ready to release the arrow.

“Carrie!” Karl was drawing closer to her.

“The eversor must die,” she announced without breathing, her tone harsh, and then in the next moment, the arrow was flying in the air, turning round and round as it went, its cutting blade stabbing through the fleshless air, rapid and zealous as thunderbolts of lightning on a deadly mission.

Too late, Karl reached her, and, with a hard shove, thrust her to stumble on the rocks and ultimately trip over. The unloaded bow tapped on the rocks, tinking and rattling.

Karl, shit-scared and nervous, stared at Anthony, who knelt, his hand clutching the first arrow that he had dislodged from his arm. His teeth were gritted and chattering—an indication of unbearable pain.

Behind Anthony, there stood Jordan, erect and motionless, with snapped tree rods clinched hard in each of her hands. As the arrow drew nearer and nearer, left with two or three seconds to stab Anthony, she had, with all her might, flung her first rod, which flew its way to the arrow, and beat it, so that the arrow settled in the wood. Both the rod and the arrow fixed on it clashed into a further tree.

Thanks to Jordan, Anthony’s life was reserved.

Eyes having located Carrie, who was sitted on the rocks, she slung the last rod, which sailed in the flimsy air till it had hit her forehead. Strengthless and feeling woozy, Carrie collapsed, her head knocking the rocks beneath, her hair scattering across her face and veiling it. She became unconscious. Or so it seemed.

Alvin ran to her, worried and twitchy. He rolled her over and examined her. She had a cut on her forehead, which was giving forth a thin trickle of blood. Her eyes were sealed, and so were her lips.

“Is she still alive?” Tia asked, walking toward her.

“Of course she is,” Alvin stated. “That was not strong enough to kill her. She will recover in a little while.”

“Are you certain she will recover?” Jordan asked, rueful and fretful. She appeared to have regretted having hit Carrie with the rod.

Alvin stared at her furiously. “Yes, I am. You almost killed her.”

“I know. I am sorry. I was merely angry. She almost killed Anthony too.”

“So the gentleman is Anthony?” Karl asked, staring at him.

“Yes. And I am Jordan. Jordan Sampa Valesquez. “

Karl’s eyes were still on Anthony, whose eyes had converted to a normal pitch black. “Anthony. He is of royal blood, right?”

“Yes, I am.” Anthony answered himself.

“I will prove it myself if you are genuinely graceless and highly dangerous to anyone who comes across you.” With that, Karl uplifted his right hand and snapped his fingers. “Rango,” he called in a high-sounding voice.

First, there was a growl in the forest. Then, the noisy snipping of twigs and sticks as the growling thing bolted in the forest. In a matter of seconds, it arose into view, a beast, similar to the ones with Karl and his colleagues, but overly enormous, incredibly weighty, with black-gray furs, a long white tail, deep black eyes, and fierce and razor-edged teeth. It was huge than the other beasts, far huge.

“Ladies and gentlemen, please meet my canis, Rango,” Karl vociferated.

“Canis? Are these things called canis?” Jordan asked.

Karl smiled at her. “You are right. That is their name. It has always been their name. Long before there existed a Latino or even the Latin language itself. It was their name. They were widely spoken about. Fierce beasts that lived deep in the forest far from human reach. To the average storyteller, they were simply tools of giving people nightmares and staying explorers from scrutinizing further than was necessary. But they did actually have existence. In fact, they do. The Latin people adopted their name as their title of dogs. Just to silence alarmed people about fierce beasts that haunted the depths of the forest. Canis are dogs in Latin.  But they are not only dogs in reality. Canis are these beasts as well. One is canis. Two or more are still canis.”

“Are they normal and natural beasts as well? God-created?” Jordan added on.

“Yes, they are. Only that very few human beings did discover them. Even then, they only sighted them for the briefest moments. And when they made known their sighting to others, they were either dubbed as lunatics or merely being under some woeful spell. For that reason, no one believed those lunatics, except when they were seeking for horrorful entertainment.”

“Are they not dangerous?” Jordan pressed.

“No. Not to humans. But to those of the dark side, for instance Anthony, they definitely are. Their job is to kill and feed on his kind. Eversors, watchels, monseurs, kittibogs, Leonese, goofs, and all the like.”

“Can they smell their prey, like the eversors do?” Jordan became more inquisitive.

Karl glanced at Anthony, who was squirming in pain, his teeth uncovered and prattling. “Definitely,” he replied. “They can smell them from a certain distance, and their emotions as well.”

Jordan blinked in astonishment. “Who is the most powerful of the two? Or the most gifted between the eversors and the canis?”

Karl looked at her straight in the eyes. “The eversors are powerful, very powerful, and the canis are extremely powerful as well. The predator and his prey. Of these stated two, who is stronger than the other?”

“The predator, without doubt,” Jordan responded.

“You have answered correctly. In a normal fight, a canis would overpower an eversor. But the royal ones, like this man here, they are toilsome to be vanquished by an average canis. Very toilsome indeed. They are better beat up and killed by us ourselves. And not one of us, but a multitude of our kind.”

Jordan shuddered at that moment, calling to mind the past wink when Anthony had acted as though he sought to kill her. Had he in reality, it would have been inconceivable for her to overpower him on her own. He was highly energetic and hugely talented. Aside from being to the core very handsome, almost like an angel in human appearance that had retained its intense and dazzling beauty.

“What do you contrive to do with him?” She questioned, glimpsing at Anthony. His loveliness, as it was at that gone moment, was still very intense. 

“I will establish if he is dangerous or not,” Karl explained. “Looks and deeds can be deceitful, you know. But it is not so with emotions. Emotions do not lie. It is only that they are suppressed from exterior view.”

“What do you mean by that?” Jordan said.

“Smell him,” Karl proclaimed, looking at his black-gray canis, Rango, which stepped toward Anthony, growling, and saliva dribbling out of its stretched mouth. The red beams emerging from Anthony’s eyes gleamed its metal-like teeth. Rango sniffed, his deep black eyes thinning, his tail wagging behind like an excited dog’s.

Karl stared at him sternly. “Is he dangerous?”

The canis howled like a dog, shaking its head in complete refusal.

“What does that signify?” Jordan queried, looking at Karl.

“He is harmless,” Karl acknowledged.

She breathed in relief. “I told you so.”

Just when Jordan had ended her statement, Anthony, with his eyes rolling white, his teeth chattering violently, and his veins bulging on his throat, fell down, clashing on rocks.

Jordan dashed to him, totally worried. “Anthony!” She called out, sinking on her knees before him. “Somebody help me!”

“Shit,” Karl expressed, glancing at Carrie, who had just awakened, looking sickly and fatigued but quickly gaining back her strength and vigor. “Was your arrow poisoned?”

“It was,” she responded, her voice bitter and cold eyes confronting his.

“How could you?”  Jordan yelled at her. “You want him dead, don’t you?”

Carrie scoffed, making a hard face at her. “I held that he was an adversary who was deserving of death.”

“You are evil,” Jordan snapped angrily.

“Pardon her please. Carrie just made a simple mistake,” the white blond woman stepped in, walking to Carrie’s side.

Carrie stared at her soundlessly. “Thank you, Tia.”

Jordan’s forehead rumpled. She could not shut in her anger any more.

Karl interposed, “Enough, ladies. Please, no more. Carrie, no more. And please do profess that you have made a mistake. Tia, no more another word from you. Do you get it?”

Tia nodded quietly.

Carrie sighed, looking at Jordan unwillingly. “I am sorry.”

Karl reproved her, “Carrie, be nice, will you?”

She sighed another time, softening her hard expression. “Forgive me, Jordan. Will you let me off?”

Jordan nodded in harmony, quietly. She wrestled the tears that gleamed in her eyes.

“Now,” Karl continued. “Will you tell us, Carrie, what poison it was that your arrow contained?”

“Vigament.”

“Shit,” Karl pronounced, alarmed and affrightened. He raced toward Anthony.

“How bad is it?” Jordan asked.

The Negro man disclosed, “Very bad. If we don’t act fast, we will lose him in an hour. It will paralyze him, bit by bit, part and after part, that is after an hour is past. Once a particular organ is paralyzed, it can never be healed. It is hopeless to amend any such organ.”

“Calvin,” Karl addressed the Negro man, “and Storm,” he addressed the ivory white man, the one with loose white blond hair like Tia’s. “Go and fetch the vigament flower. It is white, with purple leaves, and small, sharp thorns on it.”

“I know it,” Calvin stated.

“Excellent,” Karl said. “I and the others will travel with him to the village. You will find us there. Take two canis with you. They will smell the vigament for you and guide you to it. Be quick. We have got not much time.”

Both men nodded. “You can always rely on us. We have never failed you.”

“Go,” Karl charged. “Hurry now.”

The two men jogged away, with two canis, Jombo and Cladewell, that Calvin had called by name. The canis galloped behind them swiftly, hopping and launching on rocks.

Karl carried Anthony on his back, with the earnest help of Jordan and Tia. He led the way and Jordan and Tia followed him, lastly followed by Alvin and Carrie. A strong wind had put out the flames that hemmed in the two entrapped canis, as the fire had nothing flammable to devour but marble stones, which could not be utterly devoured save for being charred to some extent. After the two canis had been set free, they leapt in merriment to join the others, and together in a crowd of six, the canis trailed Karl and his associates.

Meanwhile, Calvin and Storm Gay went after Jombo and Cladewell, who both had their senses and reason focused on the vigament flower whose scent they were keeping track of. It was far, but not that much far. Its scent was sweet, intoxicatingly sweet, that for a while the canis were enticed to reason that it was not deadly at all. It was of majestic height, with comely white petals and attractive purple leaves and seemingly harmless thorns, all of which served to disguise its actual design. The poison lay in the thorns—a colorless and sugary liquid with a sharply pleasant fragrance that was quick to scatter in the air. A slight prick of the thorns, which would pass the liquid into one’s body, and you would be dead in an hour. But the petals and leaves themselves, they were perfectly harmless. In fact, they assisted in the staying the poison and neutralizing it to the average victim. They healed and overpowered the deadly poison itself.

Past shadowy trees and remote stones, the canis streaked ahead of their owners, reflection and heed fixed on the flower, which they could not sight, but solely sniff. They were positive that they were drawing close to it with each fleeting and hurried leap.

For that reason, the canis proceeded past a giant tree one after the other, where Busiku, Anthony’s rival brother, had took cover. He smelled the canis as they advanced past him and Calvin and Storm, who succeeded them hurriedly, both unsuspicious that the true enemy had veiled himself behind this one giant tree.

Busiku smiled, a blissful and gladdened smile. He then sniffed for his brother’s scent, which he detected down south. Something was wrong, he could tell. Something unfortunate had befallen Anthony. Which was good news to him indeed. How he wished that that unyielding and determined poor Anthony had perished in the course of that unfortunate incident! Yes, if only he had perished.

Unexpectedly, visions, tinted with a darkish blue color, which was not the way they appeared to Anthony, streaked in his mind, flashing at lightning speed through the forest and pausing on a lively white-petalled flower, which Anthony was also seeing and smelling. Its overly pleasant scent hit Busiku’s  nostrils and he sniffed it in delight. The leaves of the exquisite flower were a brilliant purple and on its stem were small but needle-shaped and very pointed thorns. It was before this very flower that Anthony and Storm and their two canis came to a sudden halt.

Busiku was wondering what would happen next when Calvin abruptly bent down and—and cautiously and watchfully—plucked off the lovely flower from the dry ground.















CHAPTER THREE: KARL AVANI

Like lights unexpectedly switching off, the visions that Busiku was experiencing were lost to view, departing as quickly as they had come, scattering off from view like smoke does when it is ascending. Like always, that left him annoyed and burning red. How did his brother, Anthony, manage them? What was it that he did which he himself failed to grasp? What?

An exasperated Busiku flashed eyes a blinding red and twitched his eyes a blinding red and twitched his nose, eyes tightening, teeth grating inside his mouth. Anthony was lucky, but one day his luck was going to flee away from him. Yes, it definitely would. One approaching day. And it would  be on that future day when he would confront  his brother and crash him to consummate destruction. Yes, one day, Anthony’s luck would be his, and his misfortune would Anthony’s.

Taking no note of Anthony’s scent, Busiku turned east and marched there silently, soothing himself that Anthony’s luck was going to be stripped from him one soon coming day. Yes, it assuredly would.

Anthony, on the other hand, caught Busiku’s scent by accident. It was the wind that drove it to him. And he was heading east, that Anthony could pinpoint. The feelings drifted along with the scent were of sadness and anger and failure and embarrassment and frustration. Anthony felt sorry for his young stubborn brother. Why did he have to torment himself and others as well? Why?

He searched for Busiku’s form. It was not perceivable. Not at all. All he saw was extreme darkness in the forest and the moonlight glowing above the nestled trees.

He gave up. Ever since he and Busiku was young, residing in the forest with their father and his few loyal subjects, the two brothers had been the dearest and most affectionate twins ever in the world. They played together, showered and swam together, ate together, laughed together, cried together, and strolled together. They were inseperable and indivisible, just like Siamese twins are. They shared one mind, one interest, but two different ambitions. Anthony aspired to become a great and true warrior, and Busiku yearned to become a pre-eminent and far-famed monarch. A ruler to be specific, with his own superior kingdom. Anthony’s dream was simple and straightforward, while Busiku’s was quite unsafe and intricate. These were the aspirations of the two inseperable young twin brothers.


However, as they reached adloscence, a major issue occurred. The handsome two, with Anthony being the most lusted after by all the girls, learnt that with accordance to the eversoric practices and rules, in the event that a king has twin sons or triplets or quadruplets or more than five sons born at the same time or hour or day, the first one to be born, or simply put, the eldest, was the one that was entitled to inherit the throne. The others could not rule except when the eldest son had fallen dead, and even then, when he had died without leaving behind any sons. No girls were qualified for the throne as all eversor men gave birth to solely male children. Those who gave birth to daughters, which was not ever heard of, were deemed accursed, and they were put to instant death with the company of their human wives or intimates and their so-called daughter or daughters.

Nevertheless, following this discovery, hostility and animosity had been sowed between the two attached brothers. Anthony loved Busiku even more, vowing to him that he cared less about the throne, that he was prepared to surrender it for the sake of their relationship and friendliness between them. Busiku distrusted him. He disbelieved him even. To him, Anthony could change his mind later on and eventually reclaim the throne, which would undeniably be a destructive blow to him. He preferred to be bitter enemies with his blood brother than to be genuine friends. He simply wanted Anthony out of his way to the throne—dead in other words. Yes, it was all that could lull him to stillness and calmness and quietude. Killing Anthony. And then, only then, could the throne be entirely his. Entirely his with no menace to shatter his peace. 

That was the precise cause of hatred between the two brothers. The throne. Anthony was desirous to renounce. And Busiku was determined to kill for it.

“I will not break off from attacking you until you are fully dead, buried even,” Busiku had declared to Anthony, his fists shaking from fury, his eyes pinched and blazing a threatening red.

“Even if you hate me, I will always love you. I will breathe my last giving a damn about you,” Anthony had responded composed and untroubled. “I will always care about you, Busiku. You will always be my blood brother. Always.”

“I detest you, Anthony.”

“I am concerned about you, Busiku.”

These words pealed like a bell in Anthony’s mind, even as Karl mindfully laid him down on his comfty and extensive bed in the village palace, where he stayed. His room was spacious, with complete giant glass windows nearly the size of a wall. The windows were tinted a bit dark, with silk red curtains attached and drooping from them; the walls were adorned orange and the floor was polished concrete; the furniture, like everything, seemed extravagant and lavish.

Karl’s father was His Majesty, Chieftain Arjun or Goerge. He was head of the Moori preservers, who for centuries had tarried in this fraction of the forest, guarding and sheltering the esteemed and quite famed Moori river—a river packed from bank to bank with numberless and dissimilar sized diamonds, which, on a usual sunny day, glittered with a blinding light, genuine and authentic. The sight itself was an unfailing marvel for human eyes to behold.

Karl himself was a soldier and captain. He was well-known among the Moori preservers as the most powerful man to ever have existence and be immovable, his feet and alluring chest and arms and hands looking like they were patterned from solid rock. He was also good-looking with that lengthy black hair of his. In his village, no woman had dared to turn down his proposal. Except she was an imbecile, he himself every time declared.

Shortly after Karl had laid down a shaky and strengthless Anthony on his hand, Jordan sat by his side, taking slowly and keeping his hand. He looked up into her eyes, quaking and shivering, and he whispered her name like he desired to mention something important to her.

“It is fine, Anthony,” she comforted him. “You will be alright. Don’t worry.”

Calvin and Storm Gay hurried into the room, Storm looking exhausted and unstable, Calvin unrolling a soiled cloth, where there was sheathed the vigament flower.

“You found it,” Tia exclaimed in delight.

“That is excellent, boys,” Karl gave voice to. Tia and Carrie, quickly prepare the syrup for him to drink.”

They both stirred, Tia announcing, “Right away, Karl.” She left with Carrie, having obtained carefully the flower, along with the dirty cloth that wrapped it.

Anthony sighed in ease on his bed.

Jordan smiled weakly, looking down at him and squeezing his hand.

Ten minutes later, the hot syrup was ready, which was delivered to him in a plastic tray. Jordan took it and made him drink to completion. Then, after a few additional minutes, as the others were chatting, Anthony leaned down and suddenly slept like he was a baby.

Jordan observed him and panicked. “Is it alright if he sleeps, Karl?”

“Yes. We must leave him to rest. He needs rest.”

Her eyes unmoved from him. “What if he doesn’t wake up?”

“He will,” Tia assured. “He definitely will.” Next to her, Carrie was staring far into wall, seemingly absent-minded and elsewhere in her secret thoughts.

“That is how the syrup works,” Calvin expounded. “By putting the sufferer to immediate sleep. That way, it works well than when he is awake.”

Jordan questioned, “How long will it take to restore him to faultless health?”

“We will check on him tomorrow,” Karl said. “And see how he will be feeling. I trust that he will be well. The syrup will not only neutralize the poison, it will also assist his immune system in the recovery of his wounds and fight off any infection that might have been caused.”

“It seems you are well-informed with regard to science,” Jordan observed.

“I am also a herbalist, who studied Herbalism at Kande University, Luansha. It’s a preserver-owned institution.”

“Oh,” Jordan mouthed. “That is excellent. How long was your study?”

“Four years. I completed it in five. I dropped out of school the first semester of my third year and failed all the subjects in the second semester. That was my worst ever horrible year at Kande. 2028—just two years ago. I was twenty-three years old back when.”

“What caused all that?” Jordan was curious to find out.

Karl sighed, and then frowned. “Bad company, I guess. Anyway, I am no longer part of those troublesome gangs. Gangs that are into stealing and violence and sex and alcohol and women. All that immoral stuff.”

Jordan shivered. “It is good to learn that you changed; it was worth it.”

He smiled at her, a happily handsome smile. “You are so caring, aren’t you?”

She shrugged. “I don’t know.”

At that moment, while Karl’s eyes bore straight into Jordan’s eyes, meeting her nut-brown iris, he understand how extremely beautiful she was. Extremely and undeniably beautiful. She was the most lovely thing that he had ever caught of. Her lady-like and sincere smile, her golden brown skin, her artless eyes whose beauty Karl found highly bewitching, her streaming and long jet-black hair, her well-stocked and unmanly cheeks. Everything about her seemed blameless to the core, with very few imperfections here and there.

Jordan blinked away from him suddenly, breathing out. 

Karl’s eyes tarried on her, charmed and gladdened.

She looked down at Anthony on his bed. Still, she could feel Karl’s eyes following her motion. That made her quite uncomfortable.

“We must leave him alone,” Karl expressed to her, referring to Anthony.

She looked at him instantly. The attraction that had been previously in his eyes reappeared, with much power and bloom this time. 

“What did you say?” She asked, having not heard him rightly.

“We must leave him. Anthony. He needs rest.”

“I am not leaving him,” Jordan stood firm.

Karl looked at Carrie suspectingly, who immediately scowled at him, confining her eyes and staring away. “He will be fine,” he consoled Jordan. “No one will hurt him. No one will even come near him.”

“Thanks,” said Jordan. “But I insist on remaining here.”

“Will you quit being stubborn please?” Karl was long-faced and solemn.

“I am staying here,” Jordan maintained.

“I will have another room arranged for you,” Karl put forward.

She forced a smile. “Thanks, Karl. But no.”

“Tell me whatever you want and I will do it for you,” he implored, looking worried and disturbed.

“Nothing. You must not do anything for me. Nothing at all.”

“Serious?” He asked.

“Karl, will you put an end to it please?” Carrie spoke in an ill-natured voice like always. Her expression was hateful and unfeeling. “The lady said she doesn’t want to go anywhere but here. So don’t coerce her into anything.”

Karl reacted to that furiously. “I was not pressing her to anything, Carrie. I merely pleaded with her like a man is supposed to.”

Tia’s gaze was sour on Carrie. “Carrie, behave yourself please.”

Carrie did not respond to it. She looked ignorantly at the farther wall, straight at a huge picture frame of a boyish Karl, mayhap in his late his late teens, who stood smiling before a cornfield next to a leggy and slim and plain-looking mature man. It was his father, Arjun—or Goerge—Avani, Carrie recognized.

Karl transferred his gaze to Jordan and declared, “Good night.”

She replied, “Good night.”

As wind vanishes, so did the six of them disappear, one after another. Minutes slipped by and eventually hours. Jordan had laid to sleep close to Anthony on his bed . He moved toward her in his sleep, his eyes fastened close, and he laid an unsuspicious hand on her back. She did not even feel it, no, not even in her sleep. One or two sheets and a thickset blanket covered Anthony, while Jordan herself slept uncovered. Her hair was spread in a disarranged manner and his hair spread disorderly behind him, just like hers. They both laid down facing each other face to face and it seemed that every now and then Anthony’s sharply handsome face was inching close toward Jordan’s, as if he unawarely aimed to kiss her. 

In his sleep, Anthony breathed out, his heavy chest arising and sinking . He had no shirt on, and as the sheets and thick blanket were clothing his chest half-way, the other part of his chest was unclad, its abundant and thick hairs risen as the room was chilly to some extent.

His scent, like heat generated from a strong fire, filled the room and even escaped through the ventilation, where it ran and flowed into Busiku’s nostrils.

Busiku stood before the gigantic dark window, peering at both Jordan and Anthony through a spot in the window where the curtains had failed to veil. As the interior of the room was enlightened, he could distinctly sight the two of them with ease, as well as smell them.

For a flash, a rapid flash, he beheld what Anthony was experiencing in his dream. He observed it clearly as though it was happening to him in reality.

Anthony knelt on a stately hill in the forest, surrounded by piles and masses of breathless men, some of which had swords and knives and spears and arrows infixed in their flesh. The skin of others had been peeled off. Fingers, toes, hands and legs of others had been sliced off, including their heads. Everywhere there was streaming unending blood. And everywhere there were buzzing swarms of flies.

Embraced affectionately in Anthony’s arms was the much beautiful Jordan. She was dead, motionless even, but still excessively and undeniably beautiful like she never had been in her entire life. Her lovely eyes were shut, forever it seemed, and her lips too, from where there was streaking a narrow stream of blood. Her long hair was disordered and packed with dry grass and splintered sticks. Moreover, a long sword was speared on her belly.

Jordan—dead?

Anthony cried and moaned and shuddered and quaked and gritted his teeth and trembled and shed endless tears and rested his head down on her blood-soaked shirt. “You can’t be dead, my love. No!” He roared to no one alive in particular, his voice chiming again and again in the limitless forest.

The moment he snapped his eyes open, the nightmare was past, gone, like a ship that had sank and vanished into the sea, nevermore to surface again.

He checked for Jordan. She laid down next to him, her face breathing distance away from her, and, unlike him, she was not sheathed by any sheets or blankets. Even in the midst of her sleep, she looked deeply beautiful. And she never snored. Not like he did on most occasions.

He waited to feel any pain. There was none. None from the fruits of the by-gone poison. No head-throb, no eye-aches, no self-trembling, no never-ending and heavy sweating, no slowing down punch of his heart, no benumbing and paralysis of his ears. No, not anything of that sort.

He put his ears to test, pricking them up and remaining silent. He could hear the birds tweet outside in the dark. Overhead the clouds, an extending but gradual light loomed into view, a signal that dawn was forthcoming.

Anthony sighed, reclining down on his bed. He felt so exhausted and spent. With his eyes on Jordan, surveying every inch of her face, he dropped off into slumber, taken unaware and unassuming.

As he slept, Jordan woke up. Her eyes parted open steadily to find his fully sealed. She assumed that he had not wakened at all, and, moving slowly and watchfully, she slipped out of bed and paced away, not intending to wake him in any manner.

Outside, where Jordan strolled, light having scattered and extended everywhere, it was nippingly cold. The air had a never-failing bite to it. She wished that she had pulled on a heavy coat over herself. She was dressed in elegant pants, an orange top, and a weightless and garish knee-length jacket that Karl had left behind the previous night for her to put on when in need. The boots that he had delivered to her, which were very stylish and unmistakably girlish in color (pink) and features, made her fall sick. Maybe if they had been blue, her dearest color, and not that much tight-fitting that they ended up squeezing and crushing her toes and feet, it would have been a contrary story.

She walked and walked, until, on a remote hill that had the zenith flattened, she noticed Karl and Calvin and Storm and Alvin fighting each other, two by two. Karl wrestled with Calvin using swords and Storm and Alvin were warring without any kind of weapons. It was training, of course, which the preservers almost carried out on a daily basis.

The four men were warring on a combat court, the regular size of a football field. Among the preservers, the court could be used for warfare lecturers or for conducting sporting activities, which diverged and varied much from those well-known among humans.  

With a sigh and rubbing of her open hands, Jordan walked toward the court and ascended the hill, hopping up a pair of concrete and wooden fashioned stairs. She reached the court in four mere flights, of which, when she had dared to look down where she had come, made the ground itself appear frightful and sited far off.

There were hardly any trees in the spacious court that had wooden benches fixed to immobility beneath them. The benches themselves, being in sequences and courses, could accommodate forty people or so.

There were additionally low-leveled walls at the five borders of the court—yes, it was pentagon-shaped—not extending above a feet and half in height. A wire fence, established on these walls, heightened upward, and it bore a handful signs, which forewarned that one could touch it at the hazard of losing their own lives. It was electrified, with a special magnet designed in all its wires, one that had the efficiency and might to detect unauthorized weapons and unmask who was carrying them, and it could also galvanize and tow allowed metal weaponry serviced in combat before they could strike off an overpowered individual. It wrested them away when they had advanced an inch or so closer to the vanquished’s skin.

As Jordan neared the court’s gate, which was built of wood blended with metal, it slid open on its own at her approach. After she had set foot into the vast court, the gate sealed self-actingly.

She cast Karl and Calvin a serious eye.

Karl, ducking Calvin’s hardened blow, straightened up quickly and lightly all of a sudden, and sending a solid rock into Calvin’s stomach, he watched him stumble away, and when Calvin had stroke his back against the bark of a tree, Karl cast his sword to his throat.

In one zapping movement, the sword slipped out of Karl’s hand the instant it was two inches away from Calvin’s throat, and, like iron strongly pulled by a magnet, it flew off toward the fence, where it hit with a loud clacking sound and stayed there without even dropping down.

Calvin looked at it, astonished and out of breath. “That was close,” he muttered. “Very close.”

Karl walked towards him, smiling. “Be thankful that the fence is existent in a working condition. Otherwise, you would be dead by now. One hundred per cent dead.”

Calvin made a face, confronting Karl’s gaze. “At times, these inventions do scare the hell out of me. I don’t rely on them. To be truthful, I do to some extent, but not fully. My greatest fear is that what would see the light of the day should they malfunction while some people are in practice. That might perchance cost someone else’s  life.”

Karl nodded. “You are right. Machines, like their human creators, have their own flaws too.” He then laughed.

Calvin stared at him, stupefied. “What are you laughing at, man?”

He went on laughing. “Nothing.”

Calvin, angered but being playful, flung his sword to Karl’s face. The sword, having proceeded an inch away from his face, suddenly escaped his grasp and sailed off to the fence, where it hammered and stayed.

“You would be dead too by now, don’t you believe so?” Calvin asked.

Karl sniffed. “In that case, we’d both be dead men, Mr. Gay.”

Jordan interrupted them, pacing toward them with a clacking sound generated by her pink boots. Karl and Calvin spun to her one after the other, starting with Karl himself.

“Jordan!” He called out. “Good morning.”

“Good morning, Karl,” she yelled back.

Storm and Alvin, who were exchanging blows and hurling kicks and rapping heads and spinning in the air, halted their flight the minute they overheard Jordan conversing with Karl. They both turned towards her and observed her.

“You are up early,” Alvin commented.

She directed him a warm smile. “Yes…Alvin.”

“Alvin Aruj is my name.” He smiled back.

“Oh!”

He nodded slightly in total compliance.

“I am Storm Gay,” Storm related. “Brother to Calvin and Tia.”

Jordan’s mouth popped wide open, even though she did not utter any word—a token of thorough perplexion. “I had no idea,” she said at last. “To be totally upright with you, I had not ever imagined that.”

“We termed them The Gays,” Karl butted in, running a taunting eye at Storm and Calvin.”That is the name we picked for them—Calvin and Storm and Tia. They share the very same last name after all, don’t they? Which is Gay.”

Storm scowled and justified himself and his family. “It is merely a surname. Nothing else; it’s not like me and my family are queer or whatever.”

Karl joked, smiling, “Who knows?”

Storm threw back, “Imbecile. That is what you are.”

Karl burst into an insanity of uncontrolled laughter. When he had fallen quiet, Jordan whispered to him, “Are the three of them siblings? Storm and Tia look much the same, but Calvin, he is different.”

Karl rose a displeased eyebrow. “What do you mean by saying that Calvin is different?”

Jordan breathed out with much vigor. “I don’t intend to be discriminative, neither am I a racist; I beg you, don’t misjudge me for one; I adore and value people of all colors; I was just saying that Calvin is black, and the others are comprehensively white. How can they be siblings? Is Calvin of interfused race.”

Karl discharged a deep sigh. “I now understand. Sorry about miscalculating you for being a racist, which you maintain that you are not.”

Jordan urged him. “I totally am not one.”

“Whatever,” Karl expressed. “He is no colored, like you were picturing. Both his parents were black, or African I should say. He was adopted by Simon and Lilian Gay, father and mother to both Tia and Storm. Storm is the eldest of the three. Thirty-two years of age. Tia follows him, being aged thirty. And Calvin is the youngest. He is merely twenty. Still a pretty little boy graduating into gentle-man-hood.”

“He is quiet and restraint,” Jordan observed.

“You are mistaken. The boy can be mischievous at times, most of the times. He is behaving that way because of your presence. I feel that he has a crush on you or something like that.”

Jordan’s eyes enlarged and she beamed at Karl, a breath-takingly beautiful smile. It drew all his watchfulness and admiration like mad. She noticed it, and quitted smiling that instant. It seemed that he as well as well was developing a crush on her.

“Boys. Good morning,” Tia shouted, appearing into the court through the self-opened gate, and behind her came Carrie Avani, who was discussing something with a tall and talkative dark reddish-brown skinned man, with very long brown hair and green-bluish eyes. The wind swept his hair from his face as he advanced towards Karl and his associates, a wide grin engraved on his rectangular face.

“Morning, Tia,” Karl responded. “And Thomas, hi there?”

The tall man, still grinning, nodded and winked an eye at Karl. He stared at Jordan and Carrie quickly announced, “She is Jordan. The lady I told you about.”

Thomas bowed his head down to her, as if she was a queen or someone of high sovereignty. It astonished her, and she never foresaw it coming. “My greetings to you, Miss or Mrs. Valesquez!”

“Miss Valesquez please.”

“Yes, Miss Valesquez. It is my pleasure to meet you. You are quite beautiful.”

“Thank you.”

“I imagine that that man who has won your heart is incredibly fortunate and privileged to have you. He is very lucky, I can guarantee you.”

Jordan smiled poorly. “I appreciate your sweet words. But no man has yet caught my heart. Not at the moment.”

These words cheered Thomas and he smiled helplessly. “It is good to hear that, Miss Valesquez. Absolutely good.”

Karl, with his eyes contracted, and his face formed into an unkind expression, drew near Jordan and standing at her back, cuddled her to himself. Good heavens. She was so delightful and amusing to touch. The feel of her baby smooth skin on his afflicted him with intense desire for her, even arousing him. He strived hard to keep himself in relaxed check.

She looked behind to catch a glimpse of him, and when her mild eyes met his—callous and unpleasant—she flashed him a tender-hearted smile. He smiled at her gently and then turned back irate eyes at Thomas.

“I don’t mean trouble, honestly, ” Thomas assured, staring down in embarrassment and struck with sudden terror.

Jordan wondered what was going on.

“It is good that you acknowledged it before it was too late,” Karl muttered and freed Jordan, moving away from her. That cooled down the sublime fire running in his veins.

Carrie found her voice. “Thomas is here for the smash-ball contest, Karl. He will play the referee and bestow us scores while we will be playing. Remember we agreed to play the game here. Now is the time.”

“You will be playing smash-ball?” Jordan questioned.

“And you can join us if you want to,” Karl proposed. “Will you?”

She dropped her mouth, emptied and distracted of any thoughts.







CHAPTER FOUR: SMASH-BALL

Jordan was last twelve when she played smash-ball, with Ivana and Diego and Enrique on some horizontal clearing in the forest, where Diego and Enrique sported on a regular basis. Smash-ball was the football of the preservers. Both sexes could play it together, and there were even smash-ball tournaments held yearly in diverse parts of the world, with the largest smash-ball tournament event occurring every year in the Lukulu Mountains, Kenya, where winners acquired awards designed from diamond and gold and silver and extremely fine glass, worth millions in some case.

The field were smash-ball was administered was styled the ‘crotch-plain’. It was vast, with a few trees in it, all of which were very tall, their kind called ‘pirno trees’, with yellow leaves, no, not sun-baked leaves but very fresh leaves, and their barks were drawn-out and protracted, the branches and leaves themselves being sited far up there where no one, no matter how tall, could not reach, even with his feet uplifted and stretched.

However, on the crotch-plain where Karl and his allies were about to play smash-ball, there were not any trees seeable, no, not even one, and the crotch-plain itself was smaller than normal, given that there were additionally other small-sized sporting fields in the enormous combat field, where varying sports, with accordance to their dissimilar rules and standards, were suitably conducted.

The game itself was played this way:

There could only be two teams with unlike names, and each team was assigned a captain, who was also one of the players, whose responsibility it was to smash the flying ball till it had burst. He wielded the ‘chutcher rod’—a heavy metallic rod with cutting and giant needles at the opposite end—which he put to use in hitting and shattering the flying ball. In this case, Karl Avani was the captain of the Amazon team, named after the biggest river in the world, and Calvin Gay was captain of the Everest team, named after the highest mountain in the world. This information, Thomas jotted down in his notebook.

Rule number two. There could not be more than seven subordinates placed under each captain, and not less than two. This meant that smash-ball could be played by individuals within the range of six to sixteen people. In this case, they were six in total. Two under Karl, and two under Calvin. Karl headed Carrie Avani and Storm Gay, and Calvin headed Jordan Sampa Valesquez and Alvin Aruj. These subordinates, four here, wielded ‘plain rods’—lengthy but heavy metallic rods that they had to use in steering the flying ball towards their captain, who alone had to smash it till it was utterly destroyed.

The third rule; the referee, who was appointed an assistant, had to play square and fair. It was his duty to  grade one mark for each smack of the ball by the subordinate of any given team, and where the ball was mowed by the captain, as his chutcher rod alone could mow it and never the subordinates’ rods which merely knocked it without razing it, he granted that particular team fifty marks. A mere hit of the ball by a certain team’s captain, without bursting it, even if it caused it scratches and slight cuts, was worth ten points. Thus, the team that ended with the highest marks ended up winning the game. In this case, Thomas Baldev was the referee and his assistant was Tia Gay, whose obligation it was to scrawl down on paper what she observed as the match went on, so that at the close of the game, her marks and the referee’s would be studied by a third party, one of the players in this scenario, or the two captains, so that they could prove if either party was truthful in his recordings or not. It was a rule that while the contest was in process, both the referee and his assistant had to be farther away from the other, and not even communicate. Should they communicate, even in the slightest way, the game was quickly annulled, and where their recordings contrasted muchly, the game was also annullified straight away. 

 Rule four. The players did not have to employ violence so as to triumph in any particular match. 

The fifth rule. Insults and careless words that provoked and pained the other party resulted in five marks being withdrawn from the aggressor’s team. Moreover, violence committed meant eight marks being extracted from the aggressor’s team. 

The sixth rule. The game was not over until the flying ball was destroyed. Where the ball had been left to fly high and vanish somewhere off in the sky, another one was immediately issued.

Rule seven. An injured player had to be removed for urgent first aid and other necessary treatment. Once removed, another one had to be replaced.

Rule eight. The players could not switch or batter their rods. A broken rod had to be immediately replaced. And where players switched rods, an act of indiscipline, four marks had to be extracted from their team.

The ninth rule. All players had to move within the ball ring—a round enclosure where the game was conducted. Whoever slipped out of it risked having his team lose two marks. If another or the very same player repeated that, an additional four marks were removed, and if done the third and fourth time, eight and sixteen marks were removed without mercy.

The last but not truthfully final rule. New rules could be added on condition that they conform to the Legitimately Uniform Concepts of the Katz Enactment (abbreviated LUCKE)—Katz being an ancient town in South Germany where smash-ball was first invented among the preservers in the early fourteenth century, and the enactments themselves having been put into effect on Tuesday, 15 March 1356.

Slowly but assuredly, the preservers in the other parts of the world came to cherish the game and moreover went on to approve and strengthen it in their communities, with the American preservers lastly coming to practice in the early 1600s and additionally host their first ever smash-ball tournament on Monday, April 4 1672. The preservers in Africa and Asia came to acknowledge and conduct it in their societies somewhere around 1940s and 1950s—a later and eventual period.

In any case, fast forward to 2 May 2030, Thursday morning, and there we had Karl and his subordinates and Calvin and his subordinates facing each other in a white ring that had a thin straight line cutting it in the middle, and Karl and his allies stood on one side and Calvin and his supporters on the other side. Thomas and Tia, the referee and his assistant, stood far away from each other, not looking at the other but aiming their watchfulness at the six players before them.

“Captain of Amazon, is each and every of your subordinate in position?” Thomas yelled sharply to a motionless Karl, whose silent glare was in direct contact with Calvin’s.

“Yes, Thomas,” Karl voiced back, his tone resolute and piercing.

“Everest captain, is everyone on your side in their suitable and rightful standing?” Thomas screeched to Calvin, whose sober gaze was not wandering or diverging from Karl.

“Yes, referee.” Calvin’s voice was uproarious like Karl’s, but lacking the resoluteness of the foregone, mild and soft.

Tia stepped in. “Review of both sides achieved. No err spotted. No stray identified. Ladies and gentlemen, the countdown sets off. Ten. Nine. Eight. Seven. Six…”

No one stirred. Everyone was quiet and observant, their ears being unmistakably  pricked up.

“Three. Two. One. Zero.”

Thomas, his movement almost unnoticed, and even if sighted, seeming as if it was dreamlike and was not even real, launched an orbed razor blade the shape and designation of a disk into the air, which soared to the midst of the round crotch-plain—where, secured to the ground was a thin nylon rope that was coupled to the flying ball, a ball that had been puffed-up just like a normal balloon, and which was floating in the air like a common balloon does—and, swift as an eagle in flight, rapid like lightning snapping and crackling a stone, the razor blade sliced through the compact nylon, which no infirm hands could tear, and having set free the ball, which moved up into the air, it was pulled away by the magnetic fence, where it clashed and stayed on, having left behind the chopped nylon rope falling to the ground.

Thomas screamed, “The match has begun.”

Calvin, his forehead rumpled, and his eyes narrowed straight at the mounting ball, dashed towards it, being in a fierce contest with Karl, who was swiftly running after it—the weight-some chutcher rods being seized firmly in the hands of these two resolute men.

Karl took to the fleshless air first, crooking his legs so that the other end of his feet, contradictory to his toes, touched his backside, and as he soared up in the air, he extended his hand backwards so as to prepare it to hit the ball.

Calvin ensued him, flying up as though to collide with him, the hand that seized the chutcher rod stretching in preparation to strike the ball.

Both Karl and Calvin flung their rods toward the ball at the same time. And it was Karl who scored it first, beating it to swim past Calvin’s cheek in the air, and even driving away threads of umber-colored hair from his face, and far behind him the ball sailed, off toward Jordan and Alvin, who stood still and guarded.

In the proceeding second, Karl projected down, followed by Calvin. The two of them grounded on two squatted feet, having their free hands tapping down on the lawned ground, their hands that clutched the chutcher roads being stayed up into the air aloft.

It was Calvin who first looked up at the brown-skinned man ahead of him, and then Karl, his eyes becoming pinched, eventually stared up at the disconcerted man before him, whose long hair drifted away as wind blew past him.

Behind the two, the ball, not having ruptured, soared toward Jordan, and as she ran after it, eyes pinched, forehead wrinkled, and hair rippling behind, she voiced out, “Calvin, get this.”

Calvin was on his feet in an instant, and he hurriedly whirled towards her, taking a squint at her and lastly up at the fleeting ball.

While spinning round and round, Jordan leapt up into the air, her hair twirling round and round over her face and upper chest so as to shroud it. It flashed in the dispersing sunlight, almost like diamonds set before the sun.

She put into action her hearing so as to detect the ball. It stirred towards her with a slightly loud zapping sound. As it drew nearer and nearer to her, she extended her hand and hit it toward Calvin, where it immediately flew, even without sighting it.

Calvin was racing toward it when Karl outran him and hopped up into the air firstly. He twisted and turned so that, having advanced overheard the ball, and staring down to glimpse it progressing past him, his feet floating up in the air with his head below so that all his hair swung downwards, he thumped the ball with his rod past Calvin’s head and on to Carrie and Storm, who both took their stand observant and expectant.

Karl spun his way until he grounded on immovable feet. He did not sway an inch or act out anything of that sort.

Thomas, like Tia, had set down in his notebook a total of twenty points for Amazon, all scored by Karl, and an average of one point for Everest, which Jordan alone had scored. It seemed that Amazon would win.

The ball flew down toward Carrie, who, without even jumping, boxed it to Storm, who in turn beat it back to her, and for three additional times, the enlivened two repeated this, till, having noted Calvin and Alvin dashing after them, Carrie, being the last one to take the ball, directed it toward Karl, who instantly began bolting after it.

He hit it toward Carrie, but Calvin arrested it halfway, steering it to Alvin, who sent it back to him, and off to Jordan, who stood all alone and far away, he cast it, and she forwarded it to Alvin, who had bolted further away from Calvin, and he in turn tossed it to Calvin, who stroked it twice, firstly sending it upward, then skipping up to stroke it sideways, and, utterly wrecked and shattered and ruptured by the nails of his chutcher rod, the ball fell down and fizzled to silence on the green lawn.

Calvin landed down next after the wrecked ball. And the game ended right there.

Everest won the contest with highly strung eighty-four marks, pre-eminent marks that exceeded Amazon’s thirty-eight marks. However, there was no prize for Calvin and his subordinates, Jordan and Alvin, save for warm smiles and pleasant words and quick cuffs on each of their backs.

Karl and Calvin hugged, captain and captain.

“Congratulations,” Karl told Calvin, smiling warm-heartedly, but struck with a somewhat sensational pain deep inside. “You were quite praiseworthy towards the end of the game, though you started as being this cowardly and weakly.”

“You are first-rate too, Karl; you always have been, and always will be.”

“You think so?” 

“Without a doubt.”

“This is the first time that Karl has been overcame in any game,” Storm observed, standing next to Carrie and Jordan.

“Really?” Jordan asked, uplifting an astonished eyebrow.

“No one has ever beat Karl in any game before. No one has ever beat him in anything. We are all in a state of shock,” Carrie expressed, her eyes established on Karl and Calvin, who were conversing.

“He seems deeply worried and upset at the same time,” Thomas, talking to Tia and Alvin, commented on Karl’s exterior expression.

“It is just one game,” Alvin voiced. “He is always the winner. He has never been one failure all these foregone days.”

“You are right, Alvin,” Tia agreed. “Karl would never accept defeat. He will pull up his socks higher next time and do more than we have ever foreseen him perform.”

In the following thirty minutes, the rumors spread like wildfire throughout the entire Moori village that Karl, the belt-holder of champions, had been crushed for the first time chiefly by Calvin in a recent smash-ball game. It became the latest chatter of children, the freshest gossip among women and young  girls, and the newest matter of subject between laboring men.

While Karl walked Jordan to the palace, gripping her dearly and affectionately, he encountered remorseless and sour and taunting and comical stares. Minutes before, he had been the village’s most loved and dreaded. Now he was the folk’s most despised and shameful.

“You worthless, see how you have lost at last,” a majestic-heighted and haughty man voiced as he walked past Jordan and Karl, casting Karl a black eye and suddenly staring away when Karl glared at him.

“Imbecile. Don’t you have nothing else to do other parading the streets and babbling like a deranged man?” Karl turned back to retort to him.

The man went away, hushed and sober.

“Haven’t they ever seen anyone lose?” He made known to Jordan while they tramped past a gawking crowd. “I doubt that they have never met and experienced any failures in all of their wretched lives.”

“Be careful with your tone, Karl,” Jordan counseled. “You don’t want to offend everyone, or do you?”

He scowled immediately. “They didn’t care if they offended me, did they?”

“Easy, Karl. You know how some people are. Illiterate and thoughtless.”

“You might be wrong, Jordan. I don’t think that everyone of them here is illiterate.”

“You are right. But some of them are behaving like they are not enlightened.”

“You are right on that. Probably.”

At the palace, which was gorgeous and grand and modeled of rigid stone, Jordan marched into Anthony’s room and discovered that he was not present. The blankets and sheets on his bed had been left careless and disorderly and the windows gaped wide open, permitting a stream of wind to fan inside so that the room grew cold.

“Anthony!” Jordan called.

There was no reply.

She walked to the balcony, where she looked around at the stone-erected table and wooden chairs that were there, only to come across nothing or any sort of trace that pointed out to him.

What had happened? She wondered.

Back into the palace, in one far-reaching corridor, Jordan ran across Karl, slightly disheartened but highly irate, and she asked him, “Have you seen Anthony?”

Karl shook his head. “Not since last night.”

“I can’t find him. He is not in his room. Or anywhere else I can think of.”

“You must be kidding, right?”

“I am not.”

“Jordan, I am in no mood for jokes, do you understand?”

“Karl, Anthony is genuinely missing.”

















CHAPTER FIVE: A FATAL COMBAT

“Who kidnapped him? Anthony?” Karl Avani questioned Jordan Sampa Valesquez.

She thinned her eyes at him and snapped, “I didn’t say that he hasn’t been kidnapped.”

“You didn’t?”

“Stop making fun of me, Karl, will you?”

“I am not deriding you, Jordan, or have I?”

“Fine. Leave it to me then. I will do it myself. And thank you for everything that you have done for me.”

She turned to leave.

Karl seized her arm. “Wait. Don’t go.”

She instantly paused, her bared teeth biting her lower lip; she finally rotated towards him.

“I am sorry.”

“You don’t have to be, Karl. I am appreciative for everything that you have done for me and Anthony. You have been such great help, you know.”

“I know.”

“I will leave then.” She spun around to start off.

“Don’t be heady, Jordan,” Karl said. “You are not going anywhere without me. I will help you look for Anthony.”

“Serious?”

He smiled when he observed her smiling, longing to stroke her immensely attractive face with his very own impatient hands. “Serious.”

Her smile widened, her eyes twinkling rapidly—and it made her way far too beautiful and desirable than ever before. “Thank you, Karl. Thank you for everything. I will always appreciate it. Always.”

“Let us get started, shall we?”

“Sure.”

The sun shone cloudlessly and blazingly in the wide forest. It scorched the numberless trees, trees that were overly lofty in height, and moreover burnt the ground below, that, with a mere stamping of an inconsiderate foot, one would be blistered as though he had stepped on an actual burning oven.

Past these numberless trees, and the searing ground, the canis, thirteen in number, ran in the seemingly limitless forest, followed behind by a collection of eight horses, on each horse sitting a specific rider, and the horses galloped, leaving behind a never-ending cloud of dust to arise up into the air.

Karl sat on the first horse, leading the others, and behind him followed Jordan and Storm and then Tia and Calvin and Alvin and Thomas and finally Carrie.

With her far-reaching black hair flailing in the air behind her, Carrie rocked up and down on her horse, dressed in simple jeans and a plain yellow shirt like all the others before her, and she had her eyes fixed ahead of her.

All of a sudden, the hurrying canis stopped and squinted their deep black eyes at the unending forest before them. They all hardened as though they had been iced up and then sniffed and snuffed without an ending.

“What is going on?” Jordan asked Karl after her white worse had come to a halt next to his, which was entirely black.

“I don’t know,” he replied. “But I can guarantee you that something fishy is going on.”

“Something like what?” She asked.

Before Karl had answered, the canis divided themselves into two groups, each group going diverse ways from the other. The first group headed east and it had five strong canis, and the other one headed west with eight canis gathered as a whole.

“Does anyone have an idea of what this means?” Jordan asked nervously.

Storm replied her from behind, “Aside from Anthony, there must be someone else of his kind whom they picked up on.”

“An eversor?” Jordan questioned.

“A royal one,” Calvin corrected.

“Do you have an idea of who that one is?” Thomas asked Jordan. “You know Anthony and you must possibly know his family—if he has any—and which it obviously seems.”

She mused about it for a while and then resolved out loud, “Busiku. Busiku is Anthony’s blood brother.”

Miles away, past a never-ending stream of towering trees, Busiku, with his long chestnut dark hair ruffling in the air behind, bolted, his coal black eyes glowing bluntly, his hands flapping quickly back and forth.

As he dashed, the trees streamed past his eyes with lightning speed, and they ceased to go forth before a river, a protracted and enormous river that was furnished with glimmering diamonds from bank to bank. The sight was indeed overwhelming and breathtaking. Such an immensely exquisite sight.

On the bank of this river, stood Anthony, who was marching left and right, marveled and won over by what his eyes were beholding. Could it be true? That these diamonds were substantial and true.

He bowed down to pick one of them, which was real and tangible, and ever glistening before his awe-struck eyes. It was a pure and genuine diamond. Even so, his feet were already tramping on numberless and abundant piles of them. They were as many as the sands of the shore.

In a flash, this vision was lost to view before Busiku’s eyes, as he saw Anthony shrinking farther and farther away from him, till the boundless trees that materialized and ran forth at uttermost speed, stopped right on the spot where he was racing. Resolute and ardent, he proceeded his way, heading in the direction where he had seen Anthony, and where he even now kept track of him through inhaling his unmistakable scent.

“That must be Busiku’s scent without a doubt,” Jordan, comfortably ensconced on her white horse, gave voice to, her eyes being kindly and introspective.

“It seems that he is after Anthony,” Carrie said. “Or anything of that sort.”

“You are right,” she concurred. “He abhors his brother and he would do anything to ensure that he is dead.”

Calvin grated his teeth with a rapping sound and mumbled, “Oh.”

“He will find him somewhere north, I guess,” Karl speculated.

“How likely is that?” Jordan asked.

“I am following and making use of the canis’ movement to figure out his direction. The canis split up. Five headed east, and eight headed west. Which means something. I am positive that they will all assemble somewhere north, where they are headed. If we are to run into the two rival brothers, we must follow the trail of the canis.”

“Elaborate on that further, Karl,” Carrie uttered, her eyes squinted.

“We will as well split up,” he spoke.

“Split up?” Tia said, her eyes tightened.

“Exactly,” Karl disclosed. “Four of us will go east, and the other four will go west. Remember that we must follow the trail of the canis.”

“You guide the group that goes east, and I will guide the one that goes west,” Calvin, with a lordly command in his tone, ordered.

“You are coming with my group, Calvin,” Karl responded bitterly. “In fact, you are one of them. I am the overseer here and you are nothing but a subordinate.”

Calvin’s eyes narrowed at him. 

“You are mistaken, Karl, this time,” Tia stepped in. “Calvin is the boss here too. He is going west with us, and I am willing to become his subordinate. Who else agrees with me?”

“I do,” Storm stated.

“And I will follow you as well,” Thomas proposed.

“Excellent, Thomas,” Tia remarked.

“Follow me, will you?” Calvin declared, and flogging his horse so that it cantered away, he disappeared into the forest, ensued by Thomas and Storm and finally Tia.

Karl was left provoked.

“Let us start off as well, shall we?” Carrie specified.

Karl, his eyes pinched and his hands framed into marble fists, started his horse and the others went after him. Calvin and Tia had the nerve, didn’t they? He was the boss. And only him. There had been no other. And there would be no other.

“Are you coming?” Carrie asked Karl, having noticed his incensed and insolent expression.

He winked to his senses and assured her, “Definitely.”

She set off her horse into the forest. “Very well then.”

Karl went after her, proceeded by Jordan and Alvin. Their horses sped, their feet pounding and rattling down, just like those of Busiku, who scampered his way, his eyes contracted ahead of him.

While Busiku ran past the streaming trees, a strong wind gushed in the direction that he was headed to, wafting forward threads of his hair, which scattered gently, and as he tore past enormous rocks and leapt over them, the very same wind carried off his scent through the wide forest, on to Anthony who stood gazing at the diamond river before him, and as soon as the wind had swept him unrestrainedly, he sniffed and identified his brother’s scent.

At that moment, Anthony’s eyes enlarged. While looking at the numberless trees past the diamond river, and which ran at express speed before his eyes, he sighted Busiku, speedy in his direction (which was the actual opposite as he would later appear from the vast trees behind him and not from the abundant trees that he, Anthony, was now facing), his lengthy chestnut dark hair being driven forward by the fierce wind that gusted past him, his eyes tensed narrow—a resentful coal black—his teeth, stripped to unclouded view, flashing white and clenched forcibly.

That was a signal. A signal that Busiku was coming after him, furious and deadly. And he would emerge from the forest behind him, without doubt.

In the snapping of an eye, Anthony had spun toward the forest behind him, his eyes widened in panic, his heart beating wildly and fast.

Like a cat does when jumping, Busiku hopped into view from a bunch of crowded trees, and he flew his way down to ground on alert feet. In spite of jumping such an unsafe elevation, he did not ever stagger or sway a step away from where he took his stand on—one giant rock that was not any further from Anthony.

“Busiku,” Anthony whispered, his lips trembling.

Idiot, Busiku made known to Anthony using his smelling transmittal.

“What are you here for?” Anthony voiced.

Busiku’s eyes narrowed such that they almost shut. Your very own life, he replied angrily.

“I desire no adversity with you. Leave now.”

I am not taking my leave until I am certain that you are dead.

“You might lose your dear life instead. Drop out of sight right this moment.”

No.

“Don’t say I didn’t warn you.”

And don’t say that I didn’t notify you that you would be dead. Totally dead, dear brother.

Busiku ran on the gigantic stone, and, stretching his hands in the air, he took off into the air rapidly and flew his way towards Anthony, his feet winding up in the process and un-wounding the minute he drew near to his astonished brother.

Anthony backed away from where he stood too late. Busiku had by then made it to him.

Quick as a shark when it is striking, Busiku moved his hands and used them to pound Anthony’s head. When he had grounded, he thrust a hardened knee into his brother’s stomach. And as such, an extreme pain struck Anthony twice, first, on his head, where it bore through and swirled inside his flesh, then on his stomach, where it jabbed through and twisted and wound and hacked and hewed and minced and boiled and set afire his blood-shedding intestines. The pain was just terrible and extreme. He cried out.

While Anthony reeled away from him, Busiku grabbed him to himself and looked askance into his eyes, where, with that done, he sniffed and deprived him of his breath for forty straight seconds or so, and, at last freeing him so that he was able to breathe once more, he withdrew his eyes from his, and now wasted and languishing, Anthony, with his senses enfeebled, stumbled away from him, his eyes utterly dull, his feet altogether jiggly.

Busiku launched a fist into his face, which cast him off to collapse and go down into the river. There suddenly was water all around him, buzzing and fizzling in his ears.

Anthony snapped his eyes open in the cloudy water, which incredibly hurt. He saw his blood dispersing and coloring the clouded water. With his eyes stuck open and aching, he arose from the water and took a stable stand. 

Busiku, with his teeth clenched cruelly, immediately hurried after him, splashing and swishing his feet in the water below.

Anthony narrowed his pitch black eyes and a dim red gleam lightened in them for a very brief second.

Busiku hastened after him, shoving another steeled blow into his face, which Anthony escaped by simply ducking himself down. With that accomplished, Anthony straightened up and knocked his forehead against Busiku’s, a move which saw Busiku stumbling backwards clumsily and painfully.

Anthony upraised his foot and carried on to whip into his brother’s face, another energetic and masterly move that cast down a thoroughly enervated Busiku into the river.

Beneath the hazy waters he sank, his eyes snapping shut on their own, his hair separating in the water languidly and listlessly.

As he sank down and further down, a particular scent trickled into his nostrils from the flooring of the river. He followed it, yes, sniffing it regardless of the water that beset him, and as he did so, his lungs rapidly swelling, he sighted something, even with his eyes closed.

On the very bottom of the river, lying down on sand that was compound with numberless diamonds, was a knife, its shape a winding one, its blade a corroded one.

While Busiku focused his perception on the knife much longer than he intended to, its rust vanished in what seemed to be less than a millisecond, and instead, there it lay on the hotchpotch of sand of diamonds, silvery in appearance, and sparkling like the diamonds besides it.

In a little while, the knife was arising up the water by itself. It arose and arose until it appeared out of the river, and there, on its own, it moved up into the air towards a watchel, a frightful one that possessed unmistakable cracked skin, and fierce and savage cloudy white eyes. It was moreover dressed in shabby pants and a torn and worn-out jacket.

The watchel was additionally bleeding. Only that instead of its blood seeping out, it was streaming back into its flesh, where it entered through a severe stab that it suffered in the chest. After the blood had run back in, and the wound had perfectly healed by itself, the knife, having stirred to incise into its chest, started away from it until it had been seized by one immensely strong brown skinned man who had very long black hair (who without doubt was Karl Avani, though Busiku knew him not).

At that note, the vision faded, and there was extreme blackness once again before Busiku’s shut eyes. An entirely drastic blackness.

He forced his eyes open in an instant, and, spinning round and round in the water, he swam on till he had faced down, where he eventually headed, his hands stretching and sweeping their way, his head flipping up and down so that his hair flipped up and down too, his feet kicking and thrashing behind him.

At long last, Anthony whipped his way to the floor of the river, and, by merely sniffing, as he could not see anything clearly through the muddy water, he detected the corroded knife and grabbed it with a quick and ready hand.

Again he whipped his way up the river, the rusty knife being firm in his right hand. Anthony’s scent penetrated its way deep into his lungs, and the more heavy it grew, the more confident he became that he was drawing close to him.

In one snapping quick movement, Busiku arose from the river to Anthony’s view, and Anthony, still standing right where he had been with the water reaching his waist, blenched away from him, appalled and struck with shock.

It was then that Busiku ran after him and speared him close to a rib on his right side.

Anthony yelped out, dropping to his knees in the water with the knife transfixed deep into his flesh. He removed it instantly, which exceedingly hurt and had blood arising everywhere on the surface. He yelped out again.

“Shut up!” Busiku barked in a dire voice. “I want you to die quietly without releasing any screech. Don’t you think that would be deserving?”

“You are a devil. From the base of hell. That, I can warrant you.”

“What matters is that you die, Anthony. Give up the ghost already, will you?”

“You are a devil, Busiku.”

“I said die, my dearest brother. In total silence, I beg.”

Anthony voiced through quivering lips. “I won’t die.”

“Yes, you will. You are mortal after all. Isn’t that the case?”

“You will go down first before I do.”

“Hmnnn. So we have a soothsayer here, don’t we? Or are you merely blaspheming to be God, who alone sees and understands the distant future?”

“Since when do you believe in God, you demon?”

“Since one or two minutes before my sweet senior brother died.”















CHAPTER SIX: JORDAN’S LOVE CHRONOLOGY

Busiku waited for Anthony to die. A minute slipped by, then two, and three, and four more, and an additional five.

The water was filled with blood, which had made it as far as where Busiku was standing, observant and attentive to his brother. In spite of giving way to fragility and languor, Anthony did not seem like he was prepared to die anytime soon. 

“When will you ever quit living?” Busiku asked him, waddling and splashing his way to him in the water.

“Only after you have gone about it yourself,” Anthony maintained.

“You are mistaken. I am not dying before you yourself have. You are bidding farewell first, and I shall follow you at a later time.”

“That’s so erroneous of you. You are dying first.”

“Really? But who is halfway dead already? Me or you?”

Anthony scowled.

Busiku laughed. “You see; you are dying first. So don’t bother about it. I will assistant you to fully kick the damn bucket. It will be heavily painful, and short-lived as well.”

Anthony panicked as Busiku drew close to him. His aversion and abhorrence for him was evident in his joyful eyes. But before Busiku had touched him, something broke in so as to interrupt and draw him away from his nefarious intent.

One by one, but assuredly quick as lightning, eight canis appeared from the forest, claws squeaking and squealing as they raced on rocks, fierce and penetrating teeth bared to view, deafening growls issuing out from widened mouths.

Busiku flinched at their sighting. These were the precise beasts that had killed a number of his men a day ago. They were the terriblest thing that he had ever come across.

“We are dead,” he announced to Anthony, looking bewildered and terrified.

“I told you that you would die first,” Anthony expressed.

“I am not dying alone. I am dying with you as well. These things are dangerous. Very dangerous. And they are here to kill us both. I feel sorry for you, seeing that you cannot flee any further in that miserable condition of yours. If we are to die, you will die first, and I myself lastly.”

“You are correct, but also wrong; these things are indeed very dangerous; but not to the two of us; it is you alone who they are here after.”

“How do you know that?”

“I know them quite well than you do. I know their kind and features, and what they are also up to.”

“Liar.”

“Buy it or not.”

Like sharks coming forth from the sea unexpectedly, three canis, all drenched, and having surrounded Busiku, sprang up from the river and lunged after him, growling and howling.

The first canis to have emerged from the river reached him, and, biting and champing his hand, it snipped it off and released it to float away in the river.

There was a pour and suffusion of blood all over which terrified even Busiku himself.

Anthony started his way out of the river, his hand unmoving from where he had been speared.

Busiku sang out, his voice resounding throughout the immeasurable and widespread forest.

He toddled and reached for his drifting hand with his left hand, and having obtained it, he clinched it as tight as he had not ever clinched anything in his entire life.

The canis that had chopped off his hand launched itself at him another time. He threw himself down into the river so that it lost him, and here he disappeared, beneath the muddy water, swimming in a search for the corroded knife that he had made use of in stabbing his brother, and he found it right where Anthony had dropped it after pulling it out of his flesh.

When Busiku arose into view in the midst of the three inquisitive beasts, he was not far away from the gigantic canis that had sliced off his hand with the utility of its razor-edged teeth.

The three canis shrank at his sudden emergence, and having smelled and sifted their emotions, Busiku determined that they had been thrown into a phase of shock and nonplussment.

With his crusty knife, he tore and ripped the giant canis that was responsible for the deprivation of his hand, which he now held together with the crusted knife. He slit and rent the canis until it was fully dead, spreading and scattering blood in the water, so that nearly the whole river altered red.  As the water was unhurriedly moving, it took much long for the blood to proceed and disappear away.

While Busiku butchered dead the beast with his knife, he turned and spun along with it in the water, wrestling with it mightily and relentlessly till he had overpowered and killed it.

It clawed and bit and knocked and stamped and flogged him with its long and wetted white tail and acted out anything in its power and invention to defeat him, but failed terribly.

Having destroyed it, he left it to plunge further and further into the dark and quickly waxing red water.

At the moment, the remainder two beasts had backed off from him and the conflicting canis. But after noticing that their fellow canis had been overcome and killed, they swashed after him.  

Busiku dived into the river and disappeared. He swam his way stealthily, beating his feet behind him and flapping his hands mildly and readily.

Overhead him on the surface, there was no indication, none at all, that he was swimming his way here and advancing there. The water swirled in never-ending eddies, shaping rings and circlets that extended on and on without an ending. 

After Busiku had dropped out of sight, the two canis in the river along with him, sank down as well so that they were lost to view. They swam blindly in the water, placing their faith on the movement of his scent to keep track of him. His scent was slight but overly sharp and without doubt indisputable. It seemed that he was swimming faster and more furtively than any of the two of them.

Outside the river, out there on the bank sat Anthony, somewhat dried in the blazing sunlight, but not fully, and asides from being badly wounded, he was strengthless and suddenly famished and kind of remediless.

The eight canis that had emerged from the forest had all deserted him and gone on to chase Busiku. Five of them had bolted out of sight along the bank, obviously tracking Busiku’s movement while smelling him, and the other two had swam after him in the river. One had been killed by Busiku himself right in the river while Anthony watched.

With the canis gone, Anthony decided that he was doomed to perish. It seemed so true. Who was going to come to his remedy here in the middle of such an infinite forest as this one? Who? Who indeed?

He breathed in panic, his eyes darting here and there. His breath was extravagant and fast and reckless at the same time. At seeing no one, his hopes began to crush.

At that moment, wood snapped in the forest noisily and something hastened with zealous rapidity thereafter. Anthony looked around, guarded and discreet.

Could they be the canis, turning back to him? He had no idea.

First, it was Karl Avani who emerged from the forest, followed by Calvin Gay, then Jordan Sampa Valesquez and Carrie Avani, and lastly Storm and Tia Gay and Thomas Baldev and Alvin Aruj. The entire eight sped toward him, with Jordan screaming out his name in fright and melancholy and anxiety.

“What happened?” Karl pressed, having drawn to an instantaneous halt.

“You look…abandoned and hurt,” Calvin observed, having stopped too.

“Who did this to you?” Jordan demanded furiously.

“Did you ever run into the canis?” Alvin spoke.

“You are so wet,” Carrie voiced. “Were you taking a dip in the water? It is so hot to be honest and I would like to take one too.”

“Were you fighting with anyone?” Tia asked.

“You are excessively bleeding,” Storm noted.

“No. This cannot be,” Thomas gave voice to.

“Will you please tell us what happened here?” Karl ordered in a grave tone.

“I can’t answer all of your questions at once,” Anthony delivered.

“Fine. But you will at least explain to us what it is that happened here?” Karl urged.

“No problem. I will just do that.”

He described everything exactly as it had come to pass, just like he had agreed to. His tone was gentle but clear. Everyone who stood near him heard him unquestionably. When he was done, Karl spoke, “I suspected that there was someone of your royal eversoric kind who was coming after you. And I was right.”

“I mentioned that it was Busiku, his brother, which was true as well,” Jordan added.

“We cannot let him get away easily just like that,” Calvin expressed.

Karl scowled at him. “You are mistaken, Calvin.  This so-called Busiku is going to have a hard time wherever it is that he went with those canis following him.”

“In what manner? He could escape just like that, don’t you suppose so?”

“Nope. No one ever gets away easily from the canis as if they are blunt. They have never been blunt. Or ever will be.”

“The guy is this highly dangerous, Karl,” Calvin argued.

“The canis are highly dangerous too, Calvin.”

“He butchered down and tore one of them to pieces,” Calvin maintained.

For a while, Karl could not respond to that. 

Jordan said, “Calvin is right, Karl. Busiku killed one the canis while the others were watching. Even so, he did it with one hand. He could pretty damn easily do it another time. The beasts…or canis are in need of our additional help. They cannot take him down on their own.”

“Your account makes total sense,” Tia concurred with her.

“Thank you,” she responded, smiling moderately even.

“What do you say to that?” Calvin questioned Karl, his tone being provocative to the highly muscular and nice-looking twenty-five year old.

“Nothing contradictory,” Karl muttered angrily.

“Good,” Calvin concluded. “The others must stay here with Anthony and look after him carefully. I will go with some to hunt for this unwieldly Busiku and deal with him face to face, man to man. He will not be much trouble, I guess. Especially not after he has been deprived of one hand.”

“No one is remaining here,” Karl challenged.

“Don’t show me that you are crazed,” Calvin fought back. “Our fellow here is seriously injured. And you recommend that we go loping about with him?”

“I didn’t recommend that, moron.”

“Then what?” Calvin blurted loudly and aggressively.

Jordan intervened, “Stop attacking each other you two, will you?”

Karl took no notice of her, subverted and overpowered by extreme rage, and stung and afflicted painfully deep inside. “My idea is this, you blockhead. Let the ladies carry back Anthony to the village for urgent therapy, and we, as men, will go after Busiku and assist our canis in wiping him away. Isn’t it that simple?”

“I approve it,” Carrie recommended immediately.

“Thank you,” Karl declared. “What do the others think about it? I will accompany them there myself while my fellow men go about searching for the culprit. And after doctoring him, which I will do in a little while, I will be back to join the others and look for that damnable felon.”

Thomas orated first, then Jordan, and Alvin:

“It is noteworthy indeed. I will carry Anthony back to the village. I don’t think that any of the ladies will be able to handle it pretty well.”

“You are right, Thomas. You would be of great relief to us. And I see the plan as being quite serviceable and convenient. To be frank, that is just how I see it.”

“I am of the same mind with Carrie and Thomas and Jordan. The proposal is appropriate and well-qualified for this outcome.”

“Any opposition?” Karl raised, glancing at Calvin and Storm and Tia suspiciously.

“I have one myself,” Calvin expressed.

“Tell us what it is?” Karl declared, exchanging hateful gazes with him.

“Your plan is first-rate, Mr. Avani. I admire you for such sensible thinking. And I must admit that I do feel envious against you for not having thought up such an awe-inspiring supposition in the first place.”

“Is there any contrariety to my plan in that, Calvin?”

“Not at all. I must apologize for not being clear-cut and to the faithful point in the first place.”

“Your apology has been accepted, and your sweet words appreciated as well.”

“It is my pleasure to hear that, Mr. Avani.”

“And my exhilaration as well, Mr. Gay.”

“You are welcome.”

“You are welcome as well.”

Twenty minutes later, Thomas with Anthony on his back and Jordan following behind and Karl and Tia and Carrie, headed back for the village, stepping their way in the boundless and infinite forest. The trees here were numerous and innumerable, even as sand that is amassed on an extensive shore.

Anthony himself was silent throughout the entire journey, merely being all ears and attentive to the conversing three. Carrie rarely uttered any word.

After Carrie had marched past Jordan and Tia, Jordan started at Tia to ask in a hushed voice, “She hardly speaks, does she?”

“Except when she is in the mood to,” Tia explained. “And that is often when she is angry or when she reasons that it is essential to talk at that particular point in time.”

“Is she oftentimes that moody?”

“That is not the suitable word to characterize her. That is just how she is. She scarcely talks, and when she does, she talks sense and soundness and does not go about gibbering things as they flow about into her head.”

“A consummate introvert, right?”

“Something like that.”

Thirty minutes afterwards, the journeying five reached the locality where the nine of them had bound their horses on. Eight horses were secured with immovable ropes to the bark of a huge and giant tree. They released five of the horses, which they mounted on, and fared away, leaving behind four horses that Karl and his associates would later clamber on.

Thomas and Anthony sat on the same horse, with Anthony clinging to Thomas from behind, his hands wrapped and fastened on his chest. The ladies and Karl sat individually on their separate horses.

The five horses galloped in the forest, whingeing and rapping their hoofs noisily on the ground below.

Two hours after, the group of five had made it to the Moori village safely. Thomas helped Anthony scale down his horse, and he went on to carry him to the room where he had slept the previous night and laid him down there on the enormous bed carefully.

“Shall I call another physician to assist you?” Carrie volunteered, addressing Karl.

He looked at her in incredulousness. “I will handle it myself. Why should you inquire for another?”

Carrie sighed. “Herbalism is your field, Karl.”

“That is not the point we are talking about here. Quite alright, a herbalist and a physician are two different personnels in the realm of medicine. But they as well have a lot of things in common. We are both schooled to heal and care for our patients. And in this case what Anthony precisely needs is remedial, whether it be from the physician or herbalist.”

“Whatever,” Carrie muttered at last.

Karl, with a darkly expression, announced to Thomas and Jordan and Tia, who stood observant to what was going on near Anthony’s bed, “I will be back. Let me fetch all the simple tools that I need to put to use in mending Anthony’s wound.”

Thomas flagged him a soberly nod. “That is alright with us.”

“Sure,” Jordan concurred as well.

Karl grinned slightly at her, won over and drawn over by her simply natural and yet intense beauty, which he could not ever tire from marveling at.

She merely gawked back at him wordlessly, lenient and withheld.

“Would you take offence at me if I asked for your helping hand?” He questioned her.

Her eyelashes fluttered instantly. “No. Not at all.”

“Thank you. You may come after me. This way please.”

In a wee and hardly furnished room that was loaded with bottled medicine and dried as well as fresh  plants on the wooden shelves, Jordan helped Karl to look for specific medicine, the list of which was set down on a white piece of paper that she held. She would occasionally run a cautious eye on the medicinal names that were marked on the shelves, and then liken them to the names that were jotted down on the piece of paper that she grasped, and if they matched and suited, she would collect a stated measure of the medicine and place it into a basket that had been set on a table behind her.

While she went about this, Karl, doing the same too, would pause from his business and stare at her longingly for a drawn-out span of time. The temptation to draw closer to her and disclose about what he felt for her was fierce and effective at that moment, and yet he dared not to move a step towards her, dreading what her response to that would be. Especially if it was going to be an absolute ‘no.’

Jordan herself was not even aware of Karl’s enamored eye on her, which made her appear even more exquisite in his watchful eyes. Would she ever look upon him that way? The way he looked at her?

When Karl had proposed that Jordan give him a helping hand, it was with the intention that he would admit his great and growing affection for her once he was in an enclosed space with her, with no one to witness his triumph or failure. That, he had swore he would go about and accomplish no matter what, which did not even come to see the light of the day, all thanks to his self-doubt and his failure to conquer his menacing fear.

As he retuned to Anthony’s room with her, the subject of their speech was the medicines that they were carrying. Rather than the topic about how he was dying and yearning to be her one and sole man.

However, while they drew near to their room of destination, Karl gathered the nerve to ask, “Have you ever been in love at one point of your life, Jordan?”

She uplifted an eyebrow, as it was unforeseen to her, and acknowledged straightly, “I was. With five different men. But those relationships never lasted that long.”

Karl became interested in knowing everything. “Tell me everything about it.”

“It is nonsensical though in some sense. With the first man, I had a crush on him. A very deep crush. He was good-looking and muscular and…the dream of most girls in many ways. He seemed fairly interested in me, but he never made numerous moves on me, or, if I am wrong and he did that in some ways, it was not just how I expected it.”

“How did you expect it to be?”

“Like the way it is done in fairy tales and movies. Something like that. A guy notices a particular girl and goes about running after her and appearing from every corner that she is headed to. That was how I expected it; that men will always pursue us, women, and stalk us like mad.”

Karl chuckled briefly. “Isn’t that what we, men, do?”

“That’s so untrue of you. You show interest in us and go about the first moves, and then, when we flaunt back interest, you suddenly withdraw and behave as if you have lost any interest in us. I dislike it and it always confuses me. What do you think by doing that? Is that your way of establishing if a woman is equally interested in you? I can assure you, that is what all men do.”

“Fine, tell me about the second guy.”

“I could repeat the same story twice.”

“He shows interest in you and out of nowhere pulls back?”

“Definitely.”

“Is that so? Why didn’t you pursue him like he wanted you to?”

“I did it a number of times. And he made me seem like a total idiot in the presence of his friends and other people.”

“And you dumped him for that?”

“Sure. And I can do it again. I am human being too and I deserve to be treated the rightful way that I am supposed to, just like a man is entitled to honor and politeness and recognition among other things.”

“What about the third guy?”

“He was a sex maniac. And I was a determined virgin who was firm on holding brakes until marriage, when I will eventually let them go.”

“You are a virgin?”

“Most people mistrust me on that when I make it clear to them. But after they study my way of lifestyle, they start believing me. I am a wholesome virgin. One who has never and not ever had sex before. And I am proud of it even if the world regards it as lack of opportunity.”

“How long did you date the sex maniac?”

“We went out for three or four dates, and then he began demanding and petitioning me for a good hard sex.  I turned him down on every occasion. I will never stay with a dog of a man who solely sees women as instruments of sexual gratification. In fact, I wouldn’t ever marry such kind of a man. Who first sees you, and then marches on to you, and then touches and feels you, and then nibbles sugary words into your ears, and then strips you naked, and then you strip him naked, and then he presses it into you and goes about dancing and pleasing himself, and then with that said and done, he throws you over like you are a piece of trash and comes back later on for another spicy and thorough hard fuck. I detest such men.  To me, they are dogs since they call women bitches. Without them there wouldn’t be bitches in the world. Honestly speaking.  I am a woman for goodness’ sake. Fashioned into being by God who tarries in heaven, to assist and be of intense help and relief to a man. Because of that, it is wickedness for any woman to sit by and wait for her man to show up. Idleness is the devil’s delight and work-point. Gossip is the fruit of jealousy and dawdleness. Total dependency on a man on the part of a woman is the eventuality of dawdleness and brainlessness. And total dependency on a man deprives you of your own God-given liberty. God did not create women to cling to men and badger them and wail to them about how they need this and that and complain and shout about how they are not receiving this and that. In fact, it is a man who is supposed to leave his parents and cling to his wife, and not the woman to desert her parents and cling to her husband so that she can be a tonnage to him till he has broken down.

“By the man leaving his parents and cleaving to his wife, the woman must provide for him what they delivered to him unreservedly. A peaceful and stable home, well-prepared food and nourishment, love and affection, support and favor, good counsel and rightful recommendations, and even fulfill his desires, including sex, of which his parents never gave him or cannot ever do so, except it becomes a taboo and a curse altogether.

“That said, the woman is the man’s helping hand. She must not wholly depend on him. When her man cannot earn or generate enough, let her do some undertakings in the hopes of making enough or even more to meet their demands and requirements. Where he makes more than is necessary, let her assist him in saving some portion or investing it elsewhere and only with his permission and agreement of course. Where he has run out of any ideas, let her furnish him with some noteworthy ones.  Where he has fallen ill, let her settle down and nurse him until he has fully healed. Where he is starved sexually and emotionally, it is her duty to fill and satisfy him. Where he is going astray, let her make her damnedest best efforts to lead him back into the reasonable path. Where he is crushed and hopeless and suffering, let her energize and enliven and soothe him.  This is what a woman was created for. And this is what I have being here for. And not to be tied on some bed in some sexy bra and lingerie with my hair sprawled beneath me nicely, waiting for the hour that Mr. Sex-demented slams the bedroom door open and hurries over to cast his suitcase away and then lie on top of me and finally undress so that he can do what he has been thinking of and yearning for all day long.

“I am a woman, simple as that. A human being in other words and not some sex toy that is to be handled nicely when about to be put to use and then packed by recklessly and thoughtlessly after use. For these reasons, I will never date and neither will I marry a sex maniac.”

“What about your fourth date?”

“He was a quiet, polished, and knightly gentleman. He was on top of that very, very attractive. Of all men I fell for, he was the first-rate, practiced even in the cards of dealing with women. He managed and treated me so well that I fell for him on that very same first day that he made an unforeseen move on me. I was powerless to resist him, or anything that he said. He was someone who would listen to me and treat me the exact way a lady fancies to be treated. He was like a timely sweet dream I anticipated not, falling upon me on the rightful hour.”

“What happened then?”

“He was married, and I couldn’t go out any further with him for that reason. I gave him back to where he belonged to once I found that out. I wasn’t intent on ruining his wife’s happiness, much less his daughter’s.”

“He had a daughter.”

“Yeah, he showed me pictures of her—lovely ones. The girl was so beautiful and merely an infant. Eight months old at that time.”

“It seems that he left a mark on your heart quite well.”

“He sure did, though I previously loathed him for having attempted to win my heart when he knew that he was married. I mean honestly, why did he even bother to come after me when he ought to have stuck to his wife in the first place? That confused me. And when I did suspect that he was married, I dismissed those feelings, assuming that married men don’t make moves on other women that catch their eyes, much less in the company of their friends. I was wrong. They do. They always have. And always will. And if there was one guy whom I would have dearly loved to the very core and give myself to him without restraint, it would have been that man. He won me unawarely and unwillingly like no other man ever has. But unfortunately, things ended bitterly and terribly. I don’t think that I will ever be able to forget him. And either will he forget me in his whole life.”

“That is so moving.”

“I am not positive about it at all.”

“And the fifth and last guy, isn’t he the most recent?”

Jordan laughed. “Yes, he is. He was a coward of a man. And I hate cowards.”

“What do you mean by that?”

“He would try to approach me, and whenever he was halfway from me, self-doubt and fear would kick in, which would result in him pulling back. It frustrated me, seeing how madly and quickly I was falling in love with him. What? He was expecting me to walk over to him and tell him that I loved him? No way! So I waited and watched. The same cycle repeated. He looks at me intensely, until I had to break eye contact, then he moves closer to me, and, without saying anything, fiddles his hands on my body with intense and uncontrollable passion. Ha, ha! I was not willing to talk first until he said something; neither was I willing to admit that I loved him until he first made it known to me. And after establishing that I wouldn’t talk, he had his best friend hang around me, in the hopes that I would open up and confess about my crush for him, which I never went about. And after deducing that I would never have an eye on him, seeing that he was one such penniless guy who could not afford to render me some so-called lavish and wasteful life that I lusted for, which was not even true at all, he leagued with several other boys and did his best to make life extremely miserable to me. Nevertheless, he was not successful. Not at all, as a matter of fact, his efforts served to steel me and make me victorious in the things that I was so absorbed in.”

“I imagine that is all you have to say,” Karl stated.

Jordan smiled at him joyously. “Sure. Like every woman, I want to be loved by a decent and sincere man. And I will be very pleased to run into such kind of a man. But that doesn’t mean that I am desperate and hopeless to run into the arms of any man who comes my way. First, I analyze and keep an eye on his actions, and if I am confident that he meets and even exceeds some of my requirements, I accept him delightfully. My requirements are realistic and straightforward though, easily achievable.”

“It is good to hear,” Karl said as they at long last stepped into Anthony’s room.










CHAPTER SEVEN: THE TREATY

Following his therapy, while he lay down on his bed, with his eyes sealed, though he was not asleep by any means, Anthony, with his long chestnut brown hair arranged nicely beside him by Jordan, sniffed and hunted for Karl or Calvin’s scent.

Karl had by then took off to assist the others look for Busiku and their strayed canis.

His scent could not be detected, but Calvin’s, he fell upon it for three mere seconds before it slipped away from his reach, and no matter how hard he tried, he did not come across it again. All thanks to his languid health which was the precise ground of this.

Even so, upon getting hold of Calvin’s scent, he could not get to produce living images of where he was, no matter how hard he did his best to bring that about.

Miles away, far away than Anthony could imagine, walked Calvin in the broad forest, his brother, Storm, being next to him. The two advanced and went on, having split up from Karl Avani and Alvin Aruj, who had fared in the other direction. All of them were looking for their gone astray canis and Busiku if possible.

Storm first bewailed, “Karl can be this annoyingly bossy, you know?”

Calvin stayed quiet, his hazel eyes becoming pinched at the hearing of Karl’s name.

Storm continued, “He thinks he is the greatest ever fighter among our kind to ever have being.”

Calvin’s eyes pinched even more.

“Calvin, do you know that you are greater than him in some ways? In fact, you are the best. Even among all our fighters who have ever had being in this world.”

Calvin stirred towards Storm. “Are you being honest in saying that, or are you merely seeking to flatter me?”

“I am being honest. You deserve to lead the tribe that the Chieftain Himself, or much less his good-for-nothing and stuck-up son who believes that he can go about doing anything in the world that he feels like and even get away without being flogged for his misdeeds.”

“Shhh! Don’t say that against His Majesty. It is a crime and someone could hear us saying bitter things about him. We can end up behind bars for it. Especially if we don’t have evidence of what we are saying.”

“I don’t care. Let me be arrested for it. His Majesty and his idiot of a son are bastards!”

“Shhh, Storm! You will get us into trouble. Someone could hear you.”

“Who can hear me, Calvin, in this distant forest? We are all alone here.” 

Behind the walking two, from a high and giant tree, Busiku, his movement so nimble and hasty that a normal human eye could not easily follow it, leapt out, forsaking the disguise of the branches that veiled him, and spun down in the air until he grounded down on angled legs and mindful hands –yes, he had put back his hacked hand where it had been cut off and bound and tied it with the additional appliance of certain effectual and potent herbs for its thorough and curative healing.

Calvin and Storm overheard the quaking thud that he made, and they spun around quickly.

While he straightened up, Busiku voiced, “You are not alone, gentlemen, in this one infinite and distant forest. That I can warrant you.”

Storm had extracted a bow and arrow, which he was leveling straight at the bare-footed man. Calvin, on the other hand, had an arrow shooter, an old B441 Fate model, exactly like the one that Ivana Valesquez had been carrying ten years back when she came across a seemingly lifeless and unmoving Jordan in the forest while pursuing a large mob of undaunted watchels with her two brothers, Diego and Enrique.

“I am not here to attack you,” Busiku declared.

Calvin and Storm exchanged mistrustful glances.

“I mean it,” Busiku added.

“Where did you come from?” Calvin asked.

“He is not even human,” Storm noticed. “He is not even behaving like one.”

“Busiku is my name.”

The declaration pealed a bell of danger in the two preservers’ mind. They both called to mind the moment when Jordan had spoke about him while they were on the start of a long and wearisome search for Anthony.

“You are Anthony’s blood brother,” Calvin mused out loud.

“And a royal eversor too,” Storm pondered aloud as well.

“Exactly.”

Calvin and Storm exchanged confound glances again.

“What do you think?” Storm said to Calvin.

“We must not spare him.”

“But he is too powerful for the two of us to handle on our own. We need ten or more strong men of our kind to assist us in destroying him. We cannot defeat him on our own, Calvin.”

“We will do it.”

“What? You must be joking, right?”

“I am not.”

“Then you are on your own, man. Go ahead and do it.”

“Coward. Leave me alone to do it. And watch me prevail.”

Busiku stepped towards Calvin lightly. Storm shrank back, his bow and arrow dropping over to the ground from trembling hands.

Calvin stepped after Busiku too.

“Calvin, don’t do it!” Storm warned.

Calvin went on his way, desirous and eager to confront Busiku. Busiku’s pace quickened up, and so did Calvin’s.

“Calvin, stop it right now! Surrender for your own life, brother!”

He did not listen.

“Calvin!”

He released three arrows simultaneously at Busiku, all of which streaked at lightning speed without one surpassing the other, and all of a sudden, Calvin and Storm themselves not having noticed exactly how he had done it, and merely having seen him wriggle and winding himself like a serpent when it is attacked, saw him seizing two arrows in each of his hand and the third one arrested with his coherent teeth, having advanced slightly into his mouth.

“What?” Calvin expressed, startled and horrified.

Busiku released the arrows so that they dropped. He then marched on towards his stupefied enemy.

“I told you to not do anything to him,” Storm cried.

“Shut up!” Calvin snapped. He carried on to toss four more arrows, all of which zapped in the air at intensely deadly speed, settled and un-diverged from Busiku’s direction.

Busiku, having slightly stirred sideways, tore off a tree branch from its place and stretched it horizontally so that the arrows stroke and speared it.

At seeing that, Calvin let go off his arrow shooter. It bashed the dry ground with a piercing clink, punching and digging into soil. Hurriedly and nervously, he upraised both of his hands—an indication of total surrender.

Busiku stopped dead. “Does that mean that you have surrendered to me unreservedly?”

Calvin nodded quickly, shuddering and quaking. His voice trembled too, sweat oozing down his appalled face. “And I can as well bow down if you ask me to.”

Busiku burst into uncontrollable laughter. “You don’t need to.”

Calvin forced a smile. “Really?”

Busiku smiled weakly. “Really.”

Calvin was delighted. “Thank you then.”

“One more thing,” Busiku added.

Calvin directed him an immediate nod. “Anything that you say, my lord.”

“I have a proposal to make to the two of you.”

Calvin and Storm stared at each other wordlessly.

“What proposal?” Storm enquired.

“A simple proposal. Like the two of you, I also turn out to dislike your chieftain and his boastful dog of a son. Karl, as you call him. I want them both dead.”

Calvin and Storm stared again.

“I will help you clear them out of your way. In fact, if things go well, Calvin, yes you Calvin, will become His Majesty himself. And you, Storm, will be some nobleman with great sovereignty and unexcelled authoritativeness. Wouldn’t you like that to come about?”

Calvin and Storm stared again.

“For that, I will get something simple in return. Something very, very simple. First, I want a portion of the ownership of the diamond river that you have not far from here, and which I only recently got to discover. I want a third of the proprietorship of the river. Only a third of it. Two, I want my brother, Anthony, dead. With accordance to my learning, he now lies in your hands, doesn’t he?”

Calvin and Storm stared another time.

“I am serious, gentlemen. What is your response to this?”

Calvin questioned, “If we grant you a portion of the river, a third of it, and we kill your brother, Anthony, will you have me be the chief, and my brother here, Storm, be my counselor, the next in command to me.”

“I assuredly will help you accomplish that.”

Storm fluttered his eyes to Busiku. “How will you be of aid to us? You are all alone, while the chief and his son have abundant servicemen at their side.”

“I am not alone, I can assure you.”

“Who else is with you?” Calvin spoke.

“My servicemen.”

“And where are they?” Storm demanded.

Just when he had finished asking the question, Busiku had by then been through with forwarding his message to his unseen men through his smelling capabilities: Come down, a hundred of you.

Numberless as the birds that are fluttering across the sky, and uproariously with momentary growls escaping from their unlovely lips, a hundred of Busiku’s army, men that had been fully transmuted into eversoric form, emerged from the farthest tops of the nearby high trees, coming forth from the leaves and branches that put them out of sight, and swift like lightning, loud like thunder, they leapt their way in the air until they had launched down on diverse landings and they had stood perfectly still.

The eversors were surrounding Calvin and Storm and even Busiku himself.

Calvin and Storm were left wordless.

“Gentlemen, please meet my army,” Busiku addressed the two of them.

Calvin’s eyes narrowed, while Storm’s became wider.

“Your men are outnumbered by those of Karl and his father’s fighting men,” Calvin observed.

Busiku felt insulted and offended. Even so, he checked his rage and issued forth another mandate: Two thousand of you, get down right this moment.

The trees swayed as if suddenly swept away by an uncontrolled wind, branches snapping and crackling, leaves swishing and shuffling, the ground below vibrating and pealing as if enormous rocks cast off from a mountain by a powerful and fierce earthquake had just bashed down.

Busiku breathed in satisfaction. “What do you have to say?”

Storm’s eyes puffed out worsely as if his eyeballs were about to droop out, and Calvin’s eyes pinched the more.

“Should I multiply them by two or five?” Busiku asked.

Calvin repudiated straight away. “No. That is not necessary at all. We are now sure that you have more men than Karl and his father have.”

“Excellent. Have I triumphed your faith and confidence?”

The two preservers nodded willfully.

“Good. So what do you say? Are we in harmony or not? Are we in accordance? Are we now allies? Or are we still enemies?”

Calvin declared, “We are in prefect accordance, and we are also good-natured allies.”

“Good. Very excellent. You, Storm, what do you have to say? I want to hear it straight from you.”

“We are kindly allies, my lord.”

“Very excellent. Gentlemen, what I have, I must share with you. And what you possess, you must likewise share with me. My servicemen are your servicemen too. My might and predominance, is yours as well.  My well-wishers and foemen, also belong to you. And those whom you hate, I must hate too. Those that you love, I must love as well. We have now joined hands, gentlemen. From now on, our treaty or agreement if you prefer, has been solidified. Together we stand, together we shall fight, and united, even as united as the Christian Godhead is under one sovereignty, we shall prevail and overthrow, and evermore united, we shall enjoy the fruits of our labor and plottings.”














 




CHAPTER EIGHT: DINESH GONE

Even though Busiku’s loud voice re-echoed over and over in the wide forest, pealing and penetrating like a jingling bell, Karl Avani, together with Alvin Anuj, did not overhear it.

The two had broke ways when Alvin, not being far away from Karl, called out for him to come quickly where he was. Karl ran and searched for him at that moment.

There, before a startled and horrified Alvin, were piled up carcasses of breathless and inanimate seven canis. They were all speared with pointed and fresh tree barks that had penetrated their way out of their bodies through their barely furred stomachs.

Minutes ago, while the voracious canis were chasing him, Busiku had concealed himself from their sight behind the cover of huddled trees, and quickly rubbed crushed trestle tree leaves over his entire bronze skin.

These leaves, the trees of its kind rarely found, functioned to prevent the scent of anything that they were smeared on from being smelled by any living creature. The moment Busiku applied them over his skin, his scent oozing so easily but definitely into the canis’ nostrils, the canis became insane and wild, having lost it all of a sudden. No matter how toilsome they tried, they did not come across it again. And as such, they began looking for him, sifting and smelling as hard as they could everywhere they strode to.

Meanwhile, un-discerned and indiscoverable to them, Busiku, having took out a short serrated knife from where it was strapped on his waist just next to his belt, chopped off thin but long branches from a nearby giant tree and began carving their brims until they were sharp, and then, cautiously but secretively, he went after the scattered canis one after the other, sniffing and butchering each one of them until they were all dead. At the very end, having dealt away with every canis hunting him out, he heaped up their carcasses where Alvin had just come across them, hopeful that their owners  (the Moori preservers themselves, of course) would run into their inanimate bodies without expectation.

Karl disbelieved what he saw.

Alvin doubted it too and tears streamed out of his eyes.

“They are all dead,” Karl said.

“Dinesh is dead too,” Alvin lamented. “And I loved him so much. He was my dearest canis.”

“I am so sorry,” Karl expressed and walked over to place a solacing hand on Alvin’s shoulder.

Alvin trembled and quaked. He at last fell down on his knees and with tearful and reddened eyes uplifted toward the sky, he groaned and cried out, “No, Dinesh. You cannot be dead.”

Karl could not help it. He shuddered at the thought of supposing what it felt like to be in Alvin’s shoes, picturing Rango, his beloved canis, lying down totally dead on top of the seven breathless canis. No way. He could not let that see the light of the day. Had it, Alvin’s extreme pain could now have been his own as well.

Something stirred in the forest behind him. He heard it clearly without any misconception. And he spun around at that moment, his sensitive and vigilant hand whipping to his back to fetch an arrow shooter, which he leveled hurriedly ahead of him.

Two men were before him. Dressed in soiled but enduring clothes, with their very long hair (the hair of one being umber-colored and that of his companion being white) messed up and filthy. Calvin and Storm Gay, without a doubt.

“You,” Karl spoke in a confound voice. He pointed down his weapon.

Alvin’s cry broke their short-lived silence.

“We heard him crying,” Calvin related. “That is what brought us here.”

Karl turned to a helpless Alvin, who was embracing affectionately his gray-furred and cherished pet. “Dinesh,” he wept. “You can’t be dead.”

“They are all dead,” was all that Karl could afford to say, with regard to the lifeless and perfectly still canis. “The bastard killed them. He killed them all.”

“They are all dead,” Jordan sadly repeated Karl’s words at the chieftain’s palace, unaware that Karl had given voice to them back when he was in the forest with Alvin and Storm and Calvin.

“We found their remains,” explained Storm. “They were all stabbed to death.”

Jordan cringed, brazen-faced, at the announcement.

“And we have already buried them,” Calvin added with a sober countenance.

“You don’t tell me,” Tia, who was with them in Anthony’s room, orated. 

Thomas looked piteously at Alvin, who stood looking out at the window glumly, his eyes locked and stayed at the quickly darkening sky. Few clouds, tinged with purple and pink at the extremity, moved across the sky, gleaming dulledly as the bidding-farewell rays of the sun shone on them.

“What happened to him?” Carrie questioned her brother, Karl, who stood next to her.

“His dear pet, Dinesh, is dead too. She was among the remains that we found,” Karl responded.

“How so terrible!” Jordan exclaimed with a moved and tender expression.

With his eyes now immovable on the forest before him, where darkness was quickly spreading, Alvin thought back to those former happy days that he had spent with his departed canis.

His uncle had delivered him a three-months old and baby canis on his eighteenth birthday, eight years back in 2022 on Sunday, 12 February. He was now twenty-six and full-grown into adulthood. But back then, with a guiltless youthful intellect and ungoverned boyish behavior, the canis were his preferred pets and form of amusement above any other things. He adored them. He loved them. He worshipped them.

It was his uncle, Chiranjeevi Brahma, who had named the weighty and slightly big and cute and fleecy gray-furred and lenitive creature for him. That was the name that Uncle Chiranjeevi had picked for the lovely and gray little thing, which Alvin himself would later on adore and value to the very core.

On sunless days, in the never-ending forest, the dearest two ran, Alvin being the lead, and Dinesh being the follower. They ran and sped and tore and raced for many, many days, until Dinesh, like her proprietor, grew and expanded and thrived on into complete maturity.

Valentine’s Day of 2025, Alvin broke up with his two-year-aged fiancée, Darshana Bishen, who ill-treated and abused his ‘little sweet darling’, as he termed Dinesh, right in his presence. A disrespectful insult, he depicted it.  








CHAPTER NINE: LOVE, SEX, AND PASSION

Four hours past, Alvin Aruj had stood before the window where Anthony now checked from his bed, his eyes riveted and adjusted on the limitless forest outside. The moon glistened and clambered its way up the immeasurable sky. Stars twinkled about it, glowing into view with a gentle and faltering light and vanishing off to come into existence the subsequent moment again. This was their cycle. It went on and on without a definite cessation.

Anthony’s room was lighted and flawless too. The lamp, which stood next to his enormous bed on the table, gleamed an intense and clear white. Its light even excelled that of a standard bulb.

He rolled over to the other side while snuffling out. Hours ago, he had been adsorbed in a very deep sleep. Minutes ago, he had woke up and stepped to the shower and bathed and returned to put on shapely jeans and an un-smirched black shirt and pure white socks. He had then slipped back into his comfty bed.

There, before his eyes, lay the most beautiful woman that he had ever beheld in his entire life. Jordan Sampa Valesquez.

Her long jet-black hair was tucked nicely beneath her, her large and very beautiful eyes shut, her mouth-watering and intricate chocolate brown lips sealed, her flawless with little swellings on her cheek golden brown skin as lovelier and fresher as ever. Anthony itched with desire to touch her.

He did not touch her. Gently and at a snail’s pace, he inched his hand towards her face, and it juddered and quaked a little bit. The trembling itself did not last that much longer either. Not at all.

Like he was touching something very soft and precious, he stroked Jordan’s pimpled cheek, his charmed eyes feasting on her intense beauty. God, this woman was so lovely. Did she realize it? Did she? It didn’t appear so. Or if she did, she did not comprehend how deeply and exceedingly exquisite she was. Without doubt. 

Just when his lips were slowly advancing towards hers, her eyes snapped open without warning. He met her sleepless look, and, as if he had been hit by a train and struck by lightning at the same time, he shrank away from her, breathing fast and maddened with himself with regard to how thick-skulled he had been to go about that. She had been awake.

“Did I frighten you?” Jordan asked, her voice not sounding like that of one who had been aroused from slumber.

“No.” At saying that, he turned over to the other side and gave her his back.

She chuckled behind him quietly, but he overheard her.

His eyes contracted on the other side. “What are you laughing at?”

Unlike him, she had not towed on any blankets or sheets over herself. Another incredibly long and very warm jacket from Karl, with the buttons done up, served to wrap and provide her with the needed warmth.

At learning that she was not willing to reply him, Anthony pressed, “Will you please answer me?”

“Why don’t you confess it to me?”

“Confess what?”

“That you like me.”

“Like you? In what way?”

“I like you too, you know.”

“You like me?”

“Exactly.”

“I don’t understand. Explain yourself please.”

“How do you want me to explain myself when you precisely know what I am talking about?”

“I don’t know what you are talking about, Jordan.”

“Why did you touch and caress me then?”

Anthony was silent, empty of words.

“You touched me, didn’t you? And you went on to caress and feel me as you pleased. You were on the verge of almost kissing me, weren’t you?”

Anthony did not say a word.

“It is true then. Men are dogs. The worst ever breed and race of dogs.”

“I am no dog. Like the greater mass of men out there.”

“Oh, yes, you are! You know why I say that? Dogs are lewd, or lustful and illogical, just like men. True, they are unsurpassed and unexcelled. True, they are powerful and untamable, or unconquerable if you like. They are lying and un-veracious. They are undisciplined when it comes to affairs relating to the other sex. They are free and unhampered to go wherever they want and do anything they feel like. They are selfish, self-seeking even; they are untidy and disorderly and ungraceful and insupportable and vexatious and unbeaten and unwavering and insusceptible and un-beseeming and jumpy and unbowed and unsound and unforgiving and uncommunicative and watchful and persisting and unmoved and unsearchable and unresponsive and lawless and unprincipled and ungentle and unladylike and heartless and one-sided and unfair and impatient and fearless and unbearable and unaccountable and everything that men are.”

Anthony had not replied a word to that.

“Will you please say something to me?”

“Didn’t you say that dogs are uncommunicative and persisting?”

“Of course, they are. Now stop being more of a dog and be more of a human being. Women are the simplest creatures that are ever alive. We all crave one thing, regardless of our race and status and beliefs and occupation and appearance. We all want to be loved. By men, of course. Even the most complex woman in the world, who has determinedly sworn to never give herself to a man and enjoy his company, cannot counteract and resist truest and noblest affection from a gentleman. I am saying this because I am a woman for goodness’ sake. I have underwent all good and bad things. I have met prosperity and failure in my life.

“In most cases, the problem in numberless relationships is never women. But men. You are the weakest element of any pair. The woman is almost always the strongest. It is because of you that women get to cheat and pull out. You are the ones who make women to become liars and utterly miserable. It seems that you enjoy the sight of a woman in affliction.

“When we love men, we love them more than anyone has ever loved them. It is for that reason that most men are showered with unrivalled affection from their mothers, even though they littly appreciate their counsel and efforts. But when we abhor you, no one in the world can dislike you as we ourselves do. No wonder millions of men out there have classified all women to be witches and bitches and un-human what’s more.

“A woman is never hard to win. Love her. To the very core. Treat her like an esteemed human being on every occasion. Not solely when you are starved and famishing for sex. Listen to her wails and proposals. Allow her to be your helping hand. Give her the concern and care that you would give to yourself. Treat her like your other half, which she legitimately and spiritually is. Treat her like your other missing rib, even though it is not part and parcel of your body.

“By maltreating and tormenting women, men are maltreating and tormenting themselves in indirect ways. Ill-using and perverting and abusing her is doing the same to other men out there indirectly, who will meet and be coupled to that very same depressed and troubled woman. The wounds and pangs that you have inflicted on another will infect and afflict someone else somewhere, and the cycle will go on until it has reverted back to you and it will afflict you even more.

“What is my point? Women are unpretentious and simple. Very simple than men actually think them to be. In fact, if only one man in the world did things right as they ought to be done, he would have a crowd of women stampeding and treading on each other to grab him to themselves. I mean it.

“Women, like men, have their own desires and lusting-s of the heart. The difference is that in this male-dominated world, men are authorized to accomplish what they desire to, while women are prohibited and warred if they dare to accomplish their own dreams and goals. Boyish things are valued and honored above girlish ones. Gentle manly traits are revered and respected than gentlewomanly ones. Simply put, females are disgraced and disfavored than males. This is how things presently are.

“That said, learn to respect women as men. Not only when you are pursuing them for sex. God did not fashion them into being for sexual gratification and pleasure only. Not at all. While far more beautiful than a man and delicately weak, a woman is to be prized and considered kindly.

“If you didn’t know, God took his time steadily and purposely to model up a woman than he did with any other creation. She was the last of His creation, before the Sabbath, for a significant purpose. And please do respect her for that. To disregard and disrespect her is to dishonor God, who put her under the man’s lead and priority. No wonder men overtop nearly every field existing in this world. To look after and head women well.

“I am a woman, Anthony; I am powerless and weak in comparison to you. Not because I aspired to be. But because God made it that way. I am no sex doll. And so don’t handle me like I am a harlot; and don’t be violent and forceful with me. I am a human being. And I want to be treated like one, with dignity and respect. I will not stand or tolerate a man who abuses and torments and plays shallow games on me. Do not use your strong position and manly influences and qualities to conquer and wield control over my life. I feel that I am falling in love with you. I cannot help it at all. I am so weak to resist you right at this moment. So, so weak. And I am ready to love and embrace your affection for me. We both can’t help it, it seems. We are both powerless to withstand off each other.”

Slowly but surely, Anthony spun towards Jordan on his bed. God, she was so beautiful. Way far too beautiful. Each time he cast an eye on her, he never longed to look away. He could gawk and ogle and admire and make sheep’s eyes at her all day and year long.

“So you are falling in love with me?” He asked in a softened voice.

“Just like you are as well falling for me.”

He drew closer to her, sniffing and delighting in her scent. “I love you, Jordan.”

“I love you too, Anthony.”

“You really do?”

“I can feel it, deep inside my chest, right in the depths of my heart. It is thumping and beating, just like my heart normally does. It is love, Anthony. Love for you. And you alone.”

He smiled at her joyfully, very pleased and delighted. “Have you ever felt this way before? For anyone?”

She made a face. “Bastards. They were bastards and felons. Who all broke my heart.”

“Dogs. Isn’t it what you should call them?”

She smiled and laughed. “Yes. Mean-minded dogs.”

“How many were they? Before me, that is?” 

She scowled once more, detesting having to discuss about those dogs of men, whom she had booted out of her life.

“You are the sixth one, dear.”

“I get it. So there were five dudes before. Irrational dudes who scored what they wanted from you and ran away.”

“You are mistaken there, darling. They all left me a virgin. None of them triumphed in running an eye at a naked me. None of them.”

Anthony laughed noisily. “What failures they were!”

Jordan laughed too. “Miserable failures!”

“But they kissed you, didn’t they?”

“Not them. But someone. Some boy. When we were shallow-minded kids back then.”

“And? Did it end there?”

“Of course not. We were kids, Anthony. And unreasonable.”

“How deep did he get into you?”

“I can’t precisely remember; I don’t even think that he went any further. Enough to…to burst the shield.” She laughed noisily and ravingly. “Is it really called a shield?”

“It doesn’t matter. But is it still there? There for me to break?”

“It broke, dear. I was sporting back then, at fifteen years of age. It’s unfortunate. And even if it was still there, you wouldn’t break it tonight.”

“But when? When do you want me to do it? I am ready at any moment. All I need is the green light from you.”

 “On our wedding night. That is if we ever get married.”

“It seems you are so determined, aren’t you?”

“I have always been. For a long time now.”

“Tell me, did you not ever want to go about it? At any point in your life?”

“I did.  Plenty of times. Particularly when I was so in love with those bastards. I felt like I could give anything that I owned to them. A woman in love is at a dangerous point. She can give away anything without thinking twice. I have been in such kind of scenarios in real life myself. I almost did it. But each time God would intervene and have me stay a virgin. If it was not for Him, I wouldn’t have come this far. The guys were so desperate and wanting, and they were on every occasion met with disappointment.”

That had Anthony worry.

“What? Have I offended you, dear?”

“No. Don’t mind me.”

“You are worried that you could end up failing just like them right?”

“Kind of.”

“I never said that I will be a virgin for the rest of my life; I will give up my virginity one day. On the rightful day and time. I definitely will. When I will still be alive, that is.”

“You promise.”

“I promise. If you will be that man to whom I will give myself to without reservation, then our wedding night will be the most delightful ever. We will have the best fun, the best happiness, the best time, and more importantly, the best sex.”

“The best sex? How good are you at sex? I am starting to find you so interesting, you know.”

“Men and sex. It is like you are bewitched, you know.”

“We are in some sense. A rational man could turn down anything in the world for a satisfactory and lasting round of sex. Sex is like air to us. Without it, life loses purpose and impressiveness. No wonder few men can ever do without women.”

“Let’s talk about love, shall we? Sex isn’t as stirring to me as it is to you.”

“Fine.”

“Tell me about your previous girls. The ones that formerly caught your eye and heart all together.”

“They were many.”

“How many?”

“Sixteen or so.”

Jordan uplifted an eyebrow. “They were that many. And did you—”

“Yes,” Anthony responded quickly. “I did it. With all of them.” His expression was dark and cheerless as he stared it.

“How often?”

“I am not hurting you with this, am I?”

“Not really. You are merely being honest with me, aren’t you?”

“Of course, darling. I indeed am. It’s just that I don’t want to hurt you with my past. My history is awful. Very awful indeed. If you don’t take offence at me, allow me to fall asleep for a little bit while. I am starting to feel sleepy, you know.”

As he mentioned this, he stroked his manful hand across her velvet and soft cheek, looking down at her lovingly and graciously.

She beamed, an honest but sweetly mild smile that enhanced her intense beauty.

His eyes settled on her, Anthony stirred towards her and planted a deep and avid kiss on her forehead, and, having accomplished that, he collapsed back onto his bed and shut his delighted eyes, yearning and desiring for a fully drawn-out and pleasurable sleep.














CHAPTER TEN: RANGO MISSING

Anthony. In her dream, Jordan saw him lying down next to her, which in reality he was. His face, pressed over living green grass, was not any further from her. He had his hair arranged delightfully on the grass besides him, and his vigilant pitch black eyes were fixed on her. He was dressed tastefully and excellently neat, such that he looked exceedingly and stunningly handsome, far handsome than anyone would imagine a normal human being to be.

With her eyes immovable on him, Jordan rested down a few inches away from him, the air that ruffled past them carrying off strings of her jet-black hair behind her. She wore a dim-colored dress, one that reached her knees. And her flawless and stunning golden brown skin beamed perfectly and healthfully in the sunlight about her. To Anthony, she was way far too beautiful –way, way far than he had thought and even pictured up a mortal to be.

As he ran his delicate hand down her smooth arm to his intense enjoyment and satisfaction, she whispered to him, “You are always violent and rough when handling things, aren’t you? And yet when it comes to me, you are this gentle and kind and knightly.”

He smiled at her, the most good-looking and dazzling smile. “I am just being a gentleman, love. You are so priceless and treasured to me than anything else. It is precisely for that reason that I am treating you this way.”

“Is that what all gentlemen do when they are so deeply in love?”

Anthony’s entrancing smile widened even more. “Exactly. Men are firm and fearless in their affairs with anything else, except women. You are our weakest points. And every man’s. You strip and uncover us of all our virtue and reasoning like no alcohol does to its consumer. You are alcohol to us. When strengthless and famished, we turn to you for strengthening and encouragement and meat. We can never resist and do without you.”

“How true is that?”

“As true as the fact that you are right here before me—before my very own eyes, and before my very own soul and reach.”

Surrounding the conversing two were abundant flowers, all of them scarlet in color, which swayed as a gentle breeze blew past them, and they had been patterned exquisitely and gracefully after the human heart—a token of wholesome love in this case.

In the course of an unexpected moment, the dream was lost to view to be replaced by a frightful mass of thick blackness, and as it dissolved away, the pleasant and sharply sweet emotions that Jordan was feeling melted as well to be succeeded by uninteresting and dead-like emotions.

She awoke at that moment, snapping her eyes open forthwith and presto. At first, her vision was dull and tarnished with blackness. But as moments wore on, the darkness scattered in the bodiless air and she was able to see clearly.

There, before her, near the wall-sized window, which was now splintered and shattered, Karl Avani and Anthony stood, discussing something in hushed tones. Anthony was still having on last night’s clothing. He had just additionally wore on black sneaker shoes with Zambia’s flag included on them and the unmistakable words: PROUDLY ZAMBIAN.

Karl’s dressing was modest and proper. Gray pants, a long-sleeved white shirt that flaunted his rock-like muscles exquisitely well, and brown but hardy shoes made from stony animal skin. He looked divinely handsome, just like Anthony every time was.

Jordan stirred slowly. “What is going on here?”

The two astonished men looked at her.

“You are awake,” Anthony declared.

She sat up on the wide bed. “Exactly.”

Karl sniffed without mouthing any word.

“What happened to the window?” Jordan enquired, stepping down from the bed.

Karl merely lifted a lenient eyebrow.

Jordan looked carefully at Anthony. She noticed bruises and cuts on his hands and forehead, none of which yielded blood. “You are injured,” she voiced out and ran to him.

Karl simply cleared his throat.

Jordan’s examination and touch on Anthony was worriedly mindful and affectionate. “What happened to you?”

“He jumped his way out of the window and smashed it,” Karl revealed.

Jordan’s eyes widened in shock. Anger hit her at the same time. “What? When did that happen?”

“While you were asleep,” Anthony stated.

She glared at him, removing her hands off him. “What were you thinking?”

“You don’t understand, Jordan,” Anthony snapped, his voice raucous and sharp.

“Understand what?”

“Busiku was here,” Karl disclosed in interruption.

For a while, Jordan could not move or give utterance to anything. “He was here?” She mumbled at last, her voice so low and weak.

“Exactly,” Karl acknowledged.

“What did he want?” She asked.

“I don’t know that either,” Anthony said. “That is why I pursued him to find out. And I keep on feeling that he wants my life. He won’t stop until I am dead.”

“Is that why you broke the window? To pursue him?”

“I had no choice, Jordan.”

“You could have done something else or called out for help. I am sure that Karl was willing to assist you. Or anyone else. That window is expensive, Anthony, and didn’t you realize that by breaking it you would make us seem awful and in-grateful in the eyes of Karl’s father, His Majesty?”

Anthony did not say a word to that. He strived hard to keep his anger in check.

“There is no need to stress about that, Jordan,” Karl intervened. “By sundown, I will have a brand new window installed in here. So please, no more of it. Do you hear me?”

“Yes,” she agreed sadly and self-coercively.

Anthony looked at Karl. “Thanks, man. And sorry for the damage that I have caused. Jordan is right. I shouldn’t have been that unsteady and unreasonable.”

“No, man. You did nothing wrong. Or, if you insist that you did it, we all do make mistakes, you know.”

“Yeah, I know. But I am still sorry.”

“Whatever, dude. It is over now. No more of it. Agreed?”

“Agreed, Karl.”

“Agreed Jordan?”

“Agreed, Karl.”

“Good!”

“Excuse me, please. Will you?” Anthony spoke.

“Sure.” Both Karl and Jordan replied at once.

Anthony marched his way out, pushing off behind him strands of chestnut brown hair that had fallen over into his face. 

Jordan sighed, watching him drop out of sight.

Karl snuffed another time and looked at her. She was immensely beautiful, like always.

After noticing that her eyes could not shift from the empty door, left partly open, Karl told her, “Congratulations, Mrs. Anthony!”

She looked at him immediately, stunned and dumbfound. “What did you say?”

“Congratulations!”

“And?”

“Nothing else.”

She breathed in much ease and noise than normal.

“He told me about it.”

She blinked in perplexion and total astonishment. “Who?”

“Anthony, of course.”

That had her sigh. “What did he tell you?”

“Everything.”

“What everything?”

“About how the two of you made out.”

“And did he tell you about how he kissed me impulsively and fervently?”

“He didn’t describe it that way. He only said that he was excited and vehement when kissing you. On the forehead, that is. Wasn’t it what he did?”

“Precisely.”

“And you really love him?”

“Without a doubt. And I am confident that he loves me too. That is why I confessed it to him.”

“Yay. I can see it in your eyes. I can even gather it from the tone of your voice. Anthony has smitten you. There is no doubt about it.”

“And you? Whom are you in love with?”

Karl hesitated to answer that. “Suzanne. Suzanne Aruj. Alvin’s sister.”

“She is pretty, I imagine. And a sweet charming lady that you cannot afford to lose, right?”

Karl delayed to reply another time. “She sure is.”

“So, when am I going to be introduced to her?”

He delayed again. “Whenever you feel like.”

“Don’t worry. I won’t pressure you to make her known to me. We will be best friends, I suppose.”

All the while, Karl’s enraptured and yet sad eyes were established on her. True, he had a lover. Suzanne Anuj being her name. And she was Alvin’s younger sister. A very lovely and good-looking young gentle-lady.  But there was one thing that Karl did not confess to Jordan. That even though he was so in love with Suzanne, it was her whom he was quickly and deeply falling in love with. Suzanne was great and superior. But she—Jordan—was more great and more superior. Had he an opportunity to choose between her and Suzanne, he would go for Jordan without hesitation; but now, now that she had preferred Anthony and opted for him alone than he himself, he had no choice but to leave things as they were. He was sure that Anthony would go to any extreme to fight for her and to keep and maintain her. He would do anything to accomplish that. And prevent any man from invading his territory and seize and run away with what had just become his. And for that cause, should Karl attempt to make a move and steal Jordan’s affection for him, he would assuredly and doubtlessly face the villain of a man that Anthony was far deep inside. Even if it meant destroying and killing for Jordan, Anthony would fulfill it. Regardless of the subsequent consequences. Jordan was his. And his alone. Alone. And no one’s else.

Just when Jordan had finished talking, the door rustled widely open and Alvin Aruj, disturbed-looking and vexatious, walked in hurriedly to announce, “We are having a major problem, Karl. We need you urgently.”

“How terrible is it?” Karl demanded.

“Quite severe,” Alvin answered.

“Can I come along as well?” Jordan entreated.

“If something bad should fall upon you, Anthony would be annoyed with me, and he could skin me alive for it. Which I do not ever want to happen,” Karl expounded.

Jordan scowled at him. “Don’t be unthinking, Karl. I can take good care of myself.”

“We have not much time to pass here, Karl,” Alvin said uneasily.

Karl snuffled. “Fine, Jordan. You are free to come. But be considerate with whatever it is that you do.”

“I will. And thanks for allowing me to come.”

“Let us go, shall we?” Alvin interrupted.

“Probably,” Karl responded.

On their way, Jordan questioned, “What is going on?”

“The canis. We are having hardship and annoyance with them,” Alvin expounded.

“What hardship and annoyance?” Karl asked.

“They have become so wild and uncontrollable and ferocious. Rango attacked Calvin and bit him on the hand. He was about to chop off his hand when we stopped him. And right at this moment, Calvin is severely wounded. I left Tia attending and nursing him.”

“My canis has never bitten anyone. This is the first time. He only kills monsters. Those demons of unnatural creatures. What did you do to him?”

“Nothing. He just bit Calvin from nowhere.”

“No. There is something else more to this.”

“Like what?”

“I don’t know, Alvin. But I surely will find out.”

“He is gone, Karl.”

“Who is gone?”

“Your canis, Rango. He fled from the kennels while we were trying to keep him in check and inject him with the sleeping vaccine. You know how ungovernable and unmanageable Rango can at times be.”

“You gotta be kidding me, man. My pet is still in those secure kennels. I trust that he is.”

“He is not, Karl. He ran away.”

“And you let him, right? Did you even bother to go after him?”

“Rango is ticklish and highly dangerous in such kind of circumstances. You know him very well and how frightening he behaves when he is uncontrollable.”

“I don’t care. I want him found.”

“Karl—”

Karl had by then stepped furiously into the roomy and towering-roofed kennels. The floor was concrete and immaculate; the walls were merely plastered with no any paint applied on them; the windows (which lacked any covering or shield) were sited high above and slightly enormous in magnitude. The canis themselves, innumerable in number, were pressed against the wrought iron bars that obstructed and divided them. They barked and yowled vociferously without a definite cessation.

Karl proceeded his way past the bars where the canis were pushing each other and yowling at him. He checked the emergency room.

Here, lying down on an upraised and single bed, was Calvin Gay, who, with his head established on the fleecy pillow, and his long hair spread disorderly beneath him, was being doctored by a grave-looking Tia, who wrapped a neat bandage over his wounded hand.

After he had split the curtains veiling the room, Tia looked up at Karl with hateful and pinched eyes. Storm and Thomas and Carrie and Anthony were with her.

“What do you want? Why don’t you go on looking for your damned and dirty pet?” Tia yelled at him.

“Rango has always been good and faithful,” Karl maintained.

“Really?” Tia confronted him. “Then if he is not malevolent and maniacal, which I see him to be in this case, why did he set upon my brother and gnaw him to near death?”

“Who else aside from Calvin has Rango ever attacked in this village?” Karl stood firm.

“The thing is mad, Karl. Do away with it,” Tia counseled.

“Never, Tia. You are the one who is mad here.”

“I, Tia, mad? How dare you, idiot? How dare you say that to me?”

“We should have killed the damn stupid thing. It seems that there is no point in sparing and keeping such a rabid and stupid thing as Rango,” Storm stepped in, walking closer to Tia’s side furiously.

Karl glowered at him. 

“Worry not, Storm,” Tia soothed him. “We will kill the bastard of a creature once it turns up here.”

“Don’t even dare and try to,” Carrie forewarned them. “Doing that will not only provoke my brother, Karl. But me as well. And His Majesty too. He was the one who entrusted Rango to him and demanded that special care be taken of him.”

“We cannot keep such kind of pests here, Carrie,” Calvin intervened. “Even His Majesty would understand that Rango is a pest whose life deserves to be taken away.”

“You are evil,” Jordan declared. “How can you even think of doing such a thing? This is the first time that the poor creature has done such kind of a thing. Won’t you forgive it?”

“Rango does not need any such kind of condoning, Jordan,” Karl spoke. “He did what he did for a particular reason. And he is no villain.”

“You see,” Tia accused him. “You won’t quit defending the demon of a thing, will you?”

“The three of you are the ones who are demons here,” Karl blurted. “What is it that you are hiding from us? Or are you equally guilty yourselves? Guilty of some crime?”

Calvin coughed. “We are not hiding anything, Karl.”

Karl laughed. “Is that so? You seem to be plotting something with an enemy. Rango can smell your emotions and I am sure that he picked up on it. No wonder he left you all bruised and bleeding and helpless. He is aware of what you are up to.”

“Curse you, liar,” Calvin snapped at Karl.

Karl replied, “You are the liar yourself. And your curse on me will revert back to you.”

Anthony stared at the door impulsively. A distinctive scent, of an individual who was loping towards him, hit him on the spur of the moment and drew his attention away.

He followed it so as to build images of this trotting individual. It was a boy, probably eighteen or nineteen, with very long sandy hair and bright green eyes. He was Caucasian and a bit tall what’s more.

The muscular boy raced into the room and Storm recognized him right away. “Ryan Walters.”

Another boy followed him afterwards—burly, taller than the first one, of Negro race with shiny and faultless and exquisite very dark skin, and he was what’s more black-eyed and chocolate dark haired. Unlike Ryan, his scent Anthony had not caught until after laying eyes on him.

Storm recognized him too. “Nolan Zulu.”

The two boys stood, panting and sighing heavily. 

“What is wrong?” Karl asked them worriedly.

“Your canis,” Nolan briefed him.

“Have you seen him?” Karl demanded in an anxious and uneasy voice. 

“We did,” Ryan spoke. 

“And?” Anthony said, sifting their emotions through inhaling their scent. Nolan was in a state of shock and Ryan was terrified.

“He was chasing someone,” Nolan revealed.

Ryan added, “Someone who is not human or a preserver at all. We saw him in the forest and even went after him. He had brownish-like hair, but very dark in appearance, and he was on top of that powerful with frightening coal black eyes. The man could fly, but not for much longer than a minute, and he was faster and skilled than we’d ever seen anyone be.”

That was Busiku, his brother, Anthony had no doubt.

“Where was that?” Karl enquired, bothered and frightened for his pet.

“Down south,” Nolan stated.

“Are you sure it was my pet? Rango?”

“We would not be lying about something this serious to you, would we?” Nolan said.

“It is Busiku, without doubt,” Karl concluded.

Busiku could see Karl move his mouth from the endless forest about him. What he could not hear was what he was saying. Now things were getting better. At least they were. Before, he had met hardship and misery in managing his endowments and learning how to put them to use. He could now do what his brother, Anthony, was excellent at easily and painlessly. Plus, more importantly, he had fastened back his champed-off hand with the use of certain remedial and effective herbs he had scouted for in the wide forest, and it was at the moment quickly healing and repairing. 

Karl’s canis, Rango, was before him. The two stood facing each other, Busiku being motionless as a statute with his eyes stayed on the large beast that wagged its tail behind.

Rango quickly checked about him with appalled but unrelenting eyes. Surrounding him and Busiku were armies of men, all of them having translated from eversoric form to human form. Their pitiless eyes blazed and lighted with a deathless and intense red light that was difficult to keep in contact with.

Rango at last yowled at Busiku, entrapped and irredeemable.

Anthony, standing still and immobile in the emergency room far away at the Moori village, saw and observed the two of them. Jordan was studying him with fretful and impatient eyes. When he stirred, she was quick to ask, “What did you see, Anthony?”

“The boys are right,” he declared. “Rango was chasing Busiku.”

“Is he still going after him?” Karl asked restlessly.

“No. But your pet is in trouble.”

“What is it?” Alvin asked hastily.

“Busiku’s army is surrounding him. Together, they have closed in on your pet, Karl. A thousand men all together. I wonder how they keep on multiplying. I fear what they plan to do to your canis. I don’t even know what they are up to. But stating things from examination of Busiku’s emotions, I don’t think that it is anything good.”

“We are going after them,” Karl decided.

“How will we be able to defeat a thousand men? All of them eversors,” Carrie complained.

“Put your faith in me. We shall prevail,” Karl maintained seriously.

“I am not going with you; I have Calvin to look after,” Tia proclaimed.

Storm spoke next. “Me too. My brother’s life is worth more than your brainless pet’s. I am staying here as well.”

Karl looked at them both angrily. “You can do whatever it is that you feel like.”

“We wish you all the luckless and unsuccessful, Karl,” Calvin told him from his bed.

Karl glowered at him. “I can now see why Rango almost chopped that hand off. You are inhuman and intolerable. Anything of the worst kind can be expected of you.”

“Dirty dog,” Calvin dubbed Karl.

“All the best,” Karl delivered to him, and with that, he marched his way out. Nolan and Ryan and Jordan and Alvin and Thomas and Carrie and Anthony followed him. The Gays remained by themselves.

“Brainless dogs,” Tia muttered after they were gone. “I don’t understand why they all follow and support him. He is the master of a dog. And they are slaves and servants of cowardly dogs.”

Outside, in the abundant sunlight, Nolan and Ryan asked Karl, “Would you mind if we accompany you to rescue your beloved pet?”

He stopped and spun toward them, “I would be grateful. But are you that strong enough to handle this violent situation and fight along with us?”

“We are,” Nolan assured him. “We habitually practice together every morning and sunset. We both aspire to become fighters like you one day. So please, do allow us this chance to prove ourselves to you about how rightful we are.”

Karl smiled at them both. He faced Alvin and charged him, “Alvin, show the two determined boys where the armory is. Bring them back once you have gathered and carried all the necessary weapons. And don’t assist them. Let them carry the heavy weapons on their own so that we can verify how genuine and proper they often train.”

“I will do that,” Alvin assigned Karl a pliant nod and paced away with the delighted and smiling boys.

Karl looked behind him. Behind Thomas and Carrie stood Anthony and Jordan. Anthony had both hands lodged down on her arms and his eyes looking down straight at her lovingly and warmly.

“Don’t you think that it will be good if you remained here?” Anthony asked her.

She breathed out in relaxation. “I am a preserver. And every preserver is schooled for battle, Anthony.”

The words produced a slight discomfort inside him. “I love you. And I don’t want to lose you.”

“I don’t want to lose you too, sweetheart. I love you so very much.”

He smiled down at her sweetly, his eyes enlightening with ecstasy. Joyfully and kindly, Anthony pulled her into his arms and embraced her to himself. He squeezed and compressed and pinched her to himself painlessly and starvingly to his own excessive and illustrious pleasure and enjoyment. And she sighed merrily and laid down her head lovingly and tenderly over his chest.

All his, Karl watched, struck with envy and misery and agony and intense yearning for Jordan. If only Anthony could die where they were headed to so that she could become rightfully and legitimately and unreservedly his.








Author’s Note: Here comes the first two chapters of my other serial, Killing Alex.



 CHAPTER ONE: SUICIDE GIRL

To be honest with you, at times I do wish that I was dead. Every inch and consummately dead. Dead like those two boys, Taylor and Elliot, whose deaths I am responsible for. I didn’t mean to do it. I just did it unwillingly and forcedly. That is what always happens when I break the rules. That is how things always end up whenever I become a little bit stupid and stubborn and yielding and careless. Awful and dire.

Taylor died on Valentine’s Day two years ago. He died before my very own eyes and those of everyone around, helpless and remediless. His death was so galling and frightful.

Elliot died in his car, having driven me home from the party that we had just attended. He gave up the ghost right in his seat, with I myself keeping a hand on his once-warm-but-now-suddenly-cold-cheek, and it was after we had kissed vehemently and intensely.

In all my life, it was these two boys whom I had dated and fell in love with. There were no other. And there would be other, it seemed. Taylor and Elliot. I had loved them more than anything else. More than my own breath and existence itself.

I sighed to myself as I thought about all this, sitted down on my enormous bed, my feet tucked and crossed over each other, my hands wielding a sharply knife which I would soon use to root out my life. It had been enough already. Eighteen years of living hell so far. Eighteen years of torture and torment and endless actual nightmares and agony and anguish. I would put an end to everything now, without delay.

I still remembered the day I came across Taylor La Vey. I was a self-conscious and shrinking sixteen year old back then. Guiltless and inoffensive and lawful. I ran into him while wandering about Vickensmont West High School’s extensive corridors, lost and gone out of track. Without foreseeing it, I hit into this tall and blond and overly enormous boy. He was well-built with the perfect muscles and a lovely male visage that any female would effortlessly fall for. Everything about his appearance was just plain damn…sterling!

“I’m sorry,” I grumbled an immediate apology, shame-faced and angry with myself.

“There is no need to; I am equally to blame as well; I wasn’t minding where I was going.”

Taylor had a lovely and sugary-like voice. One that you would like to be all ears to all day long; one that you would fall in love with just on the phone without ever bothering to find out the appearance of the individual it belonged to.

After helping me gather up my scattered books, I had paced away, leaving him standing there before the lockers on his own, and when I spun back to look at him he was still gazing and marveling at me. Little did I know that he was the guy whom I would share the microscope with in the laboratory during the Biology session. My God, he looked so graceful, spell-binding even! Even though his attire was modest and simple—blue jeans and a yellow shirt and a white coat—with that spiked up hair of his taken into account, he looked…totally divine!

That was the moment I fell in love with him. Not on our first encounter. Though later on he did admit it to me that he fell in love with me the first time he unexpectedly laid eyes on me.

School was just awesome and mind-blowing with Taylor around. Every day I was in Biology, sitted there next to him with him looking and making eyes at me throughout the whole span that we stayed in class, I felt like I was in seventh heaven. Many times the professor would notice him and pass comment on how absorbed some of his students were starting to fall in love—not mentioning out names, but speaking in a manner that made it obvious by peeking in Taylor’s direction as he spoke—but still, Taylor did not ever quit making sheep’s eyes at me.

It took him eight straight weeks to eventually ask me out. All this while, we were just friends that met and chatted and cracked jokes and laughed together during Biology. Whenever the two of us had a word or two and laughed and giggled what’s more, everyone’s attention would move and abide on us until we were over with whatever affair it was that we were going about.

This was how it went the day Taylor expressed his feelings to me:

After Biology, he ran to catch up with me in the protracted corridor, yelping out, “Sophia! Sophia Solochi!”

I turned over to him, seizing my books, which I had planned to lay by and then lock them up in my locker. “Yes, Taylor.”

He came to a final halt before me, breathing and sighing heavily. “What will you be doing tonight? My friend’s brother—Aaron I mean—is having a party. Aaron himself would like you there. I let him know that we are best friends. What do you say?”
 
I mused about it for a little bit while. “Sure. They say never say never. I will attend that party.”

“Thank you so much. One more thing. Look your very best. I beg you. I want to dance with you tonight.”

Smiling joyously, I replied, “I probably will.”

It was while we were dancing that very night when Taylor had began. “Sophia.”

I looked up at him warmly. “Yes, Taylor.”

“What would be your response if I told you that I love you?”

I giggled in absurd excitement. “My response? It would be that you are joking.”

He looked hurt in some way. “Sophia, I love you.”

“Is that a joke? Another one from you?”

“I am not joking, Sophia.” We stopped dancing right that moment and looked at each other quietly and gravely. 

“Taylor…I…I…”

“I do mean what I say, Sophia.”

His eyes showed it. “I can tell,” I observed.

“And what is your saying? I want to hear it straight from you. Do you love me or not?”

“I do, Taylor.”

“You do?” He was suddenly happy and buoyant. 

“Yes, I do!”

Squirming and yelling out in joy, he cuddled and squeezed me tightly to himself. I could hardly breath. In any case, he did not kill me. No, he did not.

Onward to the Valentine’s he died. We were dancing, steadily and happily, just like on the day that he proposed to me and I in turn accepted his proposal. He was neatly and excellently dressed in an immaculate black suit, one that suited and harmonized with his disheveled blond hair, and his scent…he smelled of cologne and some sort of mannish lush perfume that I had never come across until now.

I myself on the other hand—I put on a flowing and cleanly and well-designed black dress. Yes, to match and harmonize with his black suit.

“You look lovely and blameless,” he nibbled into my ear as we swayed this way and that way, much to my delectation and enjoyment.

I smiled eventually and whispered back, “Thank you. I am as gorgeous as you happen to be as well.”

He smiled back, staring down into my eyes while poking and ramming his nose gently over mine. We were breathing distance away from each other. And it was then that he kissed me, fervid and vehement.

“Taylor,” I whispered between the hurried and ungovernable kisses, trying to pull back from him, but he was strong and he towed me over to myself. “Taylor, let us stop, this is not right…Taylor…”

“I am enjoying this, baby, ain’t you?”

“Taylor…”

The next moment he was on the floor, salivating and throwing out blood. Mouthfuls and liters of blood to be precise. As he spat out the blood, he writhed in pain and twisted and turned and rolled and crawled on his belly, screaming and yelping out to no one in particular. Just when his eyes had began rolling white, I screamed out, shaky and affrightened. “Taylor!”

Elliot Tonela. I loved him. I cared about him. How many nights I have wept and mourned over his death and loss I cannot recount. To be truthful with you, I am so pained and grieved by his departure. This is a boy I loved more than I had come to love anyone, a boy who stood up for me whenever I needed him and who in the very end died right in my own arms before my very own reach and touch. Elliot. I still do love you. Even if you are no more. Gone, forever.

Elliot was both the bad boy and soccer leading man, or hero I should say, in our school. Blair High, Downtown Kabwe, Central Zambia. I came to learn about him after my friend, Jessica Knowles, insisted every afternoon about how we had to go and watch the football matches that happened on a daily basis in our school’s enormous playfield.

First, I would sit humbly and attentively with her and watch the boys play until Elliot glanced about and happened to accidentally run into my eyes. Ever since then, he did not take his eyes or watchfulness away from me. I was without fail what he looked at and dreamt about and adored as much as he cherished his own dearest life. I was that one and only true love in his life.

He was already friends with Jessica. Not genuine and sincere friends per say. They did know each other and greeted and talked and laughed. And after my discovery, he went on to pay more attention and concern to her. All in the hopes of getting closer to me and then finally open out about how he was dying and very much willing to become my man and protector. 

Yes, his plan did work though. Yupeee! It surely did. And why am I celebrating you may wonder? Because deep down my heart I prayed and dreamt and hoped that the boy would notice me and well…make a move on me. I am glad that he did.

Our relationship did not last that much long. It wasn’t destined to. It all ended badly with Elliot losing his life and I myself being contested and warred for by his friends and cousins to be their next girlfriend. I hate to admit it. But as much as I hate it, I just have to acknowledge it. I feel like I am assuredly nice-looking. Beautiful even. 

No, I am not stuck-up or self-seeking or self-praising. I am not. At times I do look this plain and terribly ugly in the mirrors and photos—I cringe away from giant mirrors that make me look rather irregular and foreign; and at other times, I am this lovely and adorable. I don’t get. How does beauty behave? Do we have it in one moment and then in another second it slips away just like that? That is what it seems like.

***Flashback***

“Mommy, am I beautiful?”

“Yes, sweetheart, you are!”

“Then why don’t you allow me to go out on dates with boys I like just like the other girls do?”

My mother, with a very disappointed and frightened face, disclosed, “The curse doesn’t authorize us to date or fall in love, Sophia. You are aware of the consequences of doing so, aren’t you?”

“To hell with those consequences.”

“Tell me, have you been seeing any boy.”

I did not reply anything. 

“Sophia, did you sleep or have sex with some boy?”

“I’d never do that, mother. I respect myself and my future husband too.”

“You are not going to have any future husband, sweetheart. You know it. You are not going to marry or even get married. That won’t ever happen.”

“Don’t say that, mother. I want to marry one day; I really want to.”

“You won’t, Sophia; you know very well that that is an impossibility.”

“No way!”

“Sophia!”

***Flashback cut out***

Mother was right. I won’t marry; and I will never get married; and for that one reason, I’d rather be a dead man. Or a dead girl if you prefer.

That said and thought over, I knew what I had to do with the knife that I was clutching in my hands.

Suicide is no easy thing. We all want to live; we all want to live life to our very best; we all want to have those foremost and leading things that we can possibly have in this life; and if we cannot have them and instead we are unhappy and broken-hearted and hapless, what better alternative than to put an end to our being and existence itself?

I don’t know why. But in spite of wielding the knife and assuring myself that I was going to thrust it into my stomach, I just could not get the power and zeal and spirit to accomplish that. Mother. I thought about her. Kris Ortiz. What would she do without me? I was her one and only daughter. The only girl she adored more than anything in this world. Yes, even more than her own happiness and well-being. Was this how I was going to repay her for everything that she had done for me? By killing and depriving her of my companionship and intercourse. No, that was not being fair, or was it?

That night, while it poured hard and showered and thundered outside, I dreamt about Elliot. These days, ever since I had become so humiliated and depressed and chilled about where my life was going, I had been experiencing frequent and endless and incessant nightmares. Nightmares about I myself wedding with fire-winged and hellish-looking demons and devils; nightmares about enraged and murderous-looking mobs and throngs of people swarming over me and chasing me and stoning and hitting and beating me up and calling me a witch sent from the devil himself; nightmares about the entire town gossiping and prattling and gibbering about how cursed I had been in killing any man that happened to be drawn in toward me.

Kris and I have kept this a secret to ourselves. That we are beautiful but cursed. No one else apart from the two of us knows our condition; not our friends or neighbors. We always do what we can to avoid men that become interested in us. If we were so inconsiderate and unmindful—sure, just like in my nightmare—the whole town would without doubt know about our curse and go on to gabble and gossip and dish on the dirt to others about us. And what would we do from there? Nothing but move away to some…far away town or place?

Kris and I have switched towns like mad. Endlessly even. Since I met Taylor two years ago, we have relocated more than fifteen times. At least seven times in a distinct and separate year. This curse, it has just made our lives so miserable and a painful living hell altogether.

I have met numerous and wonderful very good-looking boys. Boys that I wished I had the time and effort to get to know them much better and familiarize with them. Boys I would have fallen in love with so helplessly had I tarried longer in their reach and presence. But then it was for the better that I stayed away from them and move entirely out of their promising lives. I would do nothing but ruin and wreck their lives for them.

Kris met my father, Eugene, when she was at university. She studied Literature (bachelor’s degree) and she got a masters and a PHD in Creative Writing and Economics. All her life, she has wanted to be a published writer and author altogether. But she fears what would come off her life if she produces something successful and popular enough to unravel out our actual private life and the secrets that we are drawing a veil on. To her, fame and popularity can be quite detrimental. Very much indeed.

Like me in times past, she cast away all the rules and went on pursuing my father. No, not chasing and stalking and bugging him up to marry and wed her. She hanged out in places where he was fond of dropping by with the hopes that he would…see her. He did! I remember the words Kris herself used that other day she was recounting to me about how the two of them had met up.

“Your father, he was the lucky and winning womanizer. Every month, he had to court and take to bed a different girl. It was a game and contest that he and his shallow-minded peers played. And he played it so well and in such a staggering and mind-blowing manner. I fell for him on our first encounter; and as I behaved a little bit stupid and yet strangely different from all the other girls, he hesitated on whether to go for me or not to. When other guys appeared interested and began making moves on me, he acted fast for fear of losing me. I had to go about being unyielding and a little bit inane, just to give him a cruel and laborious time. Which I sure did.”

The story altered. “I remember the day he died. The day the curse hit and destroyed him. I was four months pregnant with you, Sophia. And we were staying together. We had just moved in and every time I did feel that our happiness was short-lived and going nowhere. I couldn’t help it. There were nights when I woke up weeping and crying and your father would be waked by my noise and hug me and shush me and ask me what the problem was. I just couldn’t tell him. There was no way for me to figure out how I was going to let out things to him. How was I supposed to tell a man I deeply and sincerely loved that he was soon going to be dead for loving and sticking on to me?”

In my bedroom, there are pictures of Eugene Solochi. He looks just like me in some way. I have light brown hair, black eyes, and golden-colored skin. That is what Eugene precisely had. But then, I look more like my mother. Kris herself is brown-haired, brown-eyed and pale-skinned. I share more of her facial symmetry and body shapeliness and curves. We are very much alike.

The morning following my nightmare, on Tuesday 14 August 2018, I woke up at five to strive and withstand the temptation and almost overpowering feeling to head back to bed and sleep again. I went on to sit in the living room, close to the still afire burning place, where I tossed in a handful of stony-like but long-burning wood, and here, I fetched the diary that I had carried with me and began scribbling the words:

Kris and I moved to Brownton two days ago. The town is this big and wonderful and amazing; the people here have been good and kindly to us; our neighbors always check in to bring us gifts and presents of all sorts. There is this funny thing though. Ninety per cent of my presents are from boys. Or men I should rather specify. Young men. Two boys from our neighboring house, Jack and Joshua Zimba, who are brothers, I must what’s more add, brought me my current alarm clock and newly-shopped romance novels and an enormous blank diary that I have to fill in and a glittery-like pen that scrawls with shining and glimmering ink and wholly nice-looking teddy bears and sweet-most and pretty flowers and a nice and very new pair of jeans and—their biggest and final present, an old-dated but still functioning and superbly operative laptop. Jack said that it belonged to him and he was giving it over to me as it had a highly effective and powerful browser with which I would surf the net and research up any assignment that I might have. Words cannot adequately express my gratitude to these two adorable and loving brothers.

Charlie Wooding, the blond boy from next door, brought me blooming and freshly flowers and a nice new hat and a cake written ‘Welcome Sophia and Kris to Brownton,’ which he said his grandmother, Sally Wooding, had supposedly baked. It was so sweet and tasty and pleasant that I had not tasted anything marvelous like it before.

Edward Halucha, the leggy and well-built and highly handsome bachelor from four houses down the street, brought me an expensive perfume he had picked for me while on a recent trip to Spain, and which he said he had bought from one of the Spanish royal family members themselves. He showed me photos of himself in Spain and this Maria Theresa Castillo woman whom he said was married to a grandchild of the Queen of Spain Herself. She was holding the perfume itself and smiling at the camera happily, appropriately dressed in a very expensive and far-reaching yellow dress that had an Indian look and elegance to it. On top of that, Edward brought me paintings and cookers and cutlery and carvings and dresses and boots from Spain itself! Everything he handed me screamed, “Spanish! Spanish! Spanish! And more Spanish!”

I will end here. Ten other men brought me diverse and unlike things. I cannot list them all or else my diary would be filled up and…become something else rather alien and outlandish. And I don’t want that to happen. This is strictly a diary. Not some detail-everything-to-the-very-last-bits sort of book. No way! That said and made clear, I am still muchly grateful and indebted to everyone who have brought me something from the depths and very bottom of their hearts, I fathom. Diary, goodbye!

I had an interview at nine. At Brownton University, where I wanted to study Fashion and Design. Not to become a model specifically. Clothes designing and artifice were my thing and talent. I habitually dreamt that one day I would come to be this fortunate and lucky and prosperous designer with my very own corporation and list of celebrities endorsed. But then for that to happen, I had to work very, very, very and sincerely hard. Nothing was going to come on a silver plate, free and un-worked-for. Not in this racking and toilsome world of ours. Not here.

After an effortless and slight warm showering, I stepped back into my bedroom, half-naked and clothed with a long white towel. By half-naked I do not mean that all my breasts were uncovered and denuded. I know. In our house Kris and I were the only living things around. Living humans to be point-on. Females exclusively. Who would care if we looked at each other naked? But then, ever since we had moved in here, we were occasionally bombarded with endless knocks and visits from our male neighbors. Not all of them being bachelors and unmarried. It was best that we put on something after washing, just so certain occurrences would not come about by accident.

Before my tall mirror—yes, I still disliked enormous mirrors, bit in this case, I had no alternative than to tolerate them—I slipped on a gray skirt suit and gray shoes and combed my hair straight and then tied it at the back of my head with a fastener. I looked…fine and superb. No qualms and misgivings about it.

Shortly afterwards, while I was hopping down the stairs, Kris cropped up into the living room, carrying a plate of cup cakes with one hand. She gestured over to me and voiced out, “Come and have breakfast, will you?”

“No, thank you.” I rushed past her off into the kitchen and she right away followed me.

“You are going to have an interview on an empty stomach, Sophia, are you?”

“I will eat later, mom.” I tossed open the door of our tall refrigerator and began looking about with worried and anxious eyes. 

“I don’t want you collapsing and passing out while the interview is still running.”

“I won’t pass out, mother.”

“Your stomach will groan and creak. And that will be an embarrassment before the interviewer. Eat something please.”

“Nope. I will give an apology if that happens. I have never heard of an interviewee who was kicked away from the interview for the sole reason that they were famished and had their stomach groaning and lamenting.”

When I glanced at Kris, she scowled at me, rolling her eyes what’s more. “You are stubborn, you know that, do you?” She asked me.

I grabbed out cheese and caned coke from the fridge and then heated scones from the oven, which I packed into a lunch box, before I responded back to her. “Sometimes to get your way in life, mother, you have to be this firm and persevering. That is how life largely works.”

Kris dropped her mouth open. “Even if it will cost you your dear life and brilliant future itself, you just have to be willful and pig-headed, isn’t that what you are trying to say?”

“One starved meal will not kill me, mother. A gone-wrong interview won’t ever destroy my entire future. Don’t you get it? It is that plain and simple, isn’t it?”

“I have no extended arguments with you.”

“Thank you very much. I will be taking my leave now. See you later!”

“Bye, sweetie! What about my kiss?”

“I will be late if I come back for it. Reserve it for next time.”

It was showering and drizzling when I drove my way out of the below-ground garage, and on I proceeded my way, away from our newly-bought house, sighing and exhaling out in easement. I would be through the interview. Yes, I would make it through without any troubles and hindrances. If any would arise, I had to know how to tackle and grapple them.

While my car sped on the not-so busy road, I played on some music—Stephanie Kaoma’s ‘Love is Waiting Around the Corner’ and Martin Drunkman’s ‘Watch Me As I Walk into Your Life.’ These were two slow romantic songs that I liked like nothing else. Every day I awakened from my sleep, I had to put them on to freshen and vitalize and enliven up my day. Is life ever possible without love? I don’t think so.

Twenty minutes after, I eventually made it to Brownton University. The drizzle was still present and ongoing. Shit! I had forgotten my umbrella back home and I wondered how I was going to make my way out in the rain. For that mistaking, I had to pay by getting drenched and wet. I surely had to.

As I was about to park my car, I hit into this lusciously-colored but olden-looking red car that was about to proceed its way out of the parking lot. My bonnet smashed into its tail-lights, shattering and wrecking them and the bonnet itself splintering up to some degree; my heartbeat quickened up. How had such a thing come to happen? How? And what would I do now? What? 

 







CHAPTER TWO: DANGEROUSLY FALLING IN LOVE

For a moment or two, I could not breathe. No matter how hard I tried to, my lungs stiffened and they could not endorse any air to freely make its way in or out. It was impossible to go about. While I sat still in my seat, frozen and iced up like actual ice itself, I processed everything that had happened as quickly and orderly as it had come to take place.

What had I just done? What was I thinking, inattentive and careless enough to smash into another car that was moving backwards toward mine? Was I prepared and able to meet the consequences of this accident, costly and high-priced they were? Was I really prepared to meet and fulfill them?

In no time, the door of the car that I had just slammed into swung open and a tall and potent-looking boy came out, seeming every way infuriated and nettled. His brow was creased and rumpled up, just like the skin beneath his eyes right above his nose. Shit! I was doomed to death! I sure was. The young man would without doubt kill me. He sure would.

Having made it to my car, he threateningly slapped a furious hand on the window of my vehicle. I blenched in my seat as I looked on at him. As my car had dark-tinted windows, he could not see me. But I myself on the other hand, I could discern and make him out very well. Very well indeed.

“Get the hell out of this car right now!” The man bellowed out, shaking and vibrating continually from excessive fury.

I quickly wound my window down and peeked out at him. He glared down at me instantly and our gazes locked, instantly and never-endingly. I was the one who first stirred—blinking my eyes and shifting about while declaring, “I am really sorry; I was just about to come out.”

Without hesitation, I slung the door open and stepped out, restless and anxious. What was going to happen to me? What would precisely come off me? What? What exactly?

Once I had took my stand in the faint glimmering sunlight—it had shortly just ceased to shower—I faced the man and uttered in a trembling voice, “Sir, I am really sorry for what happened. I truly am.” 

Something had changed. No, not the weather; not the slight and yet existent sunlight; not the surrounding or environment about us. The glare in the man’s eyes—recently fervid and murderous—had been replaced by a gentle and short-lived ogling. In a matter of minutes, the man shook off his head to regain back his senses. He looked startled and bewildered at the same time. And for a time I stayed quiet, expecting harsh and ill-natured words from him, which, fortunately, he did not come to voice out.

To my shock, his foremost words were, “Is this your first time driving? I mean are you new at this? Steering a vehicle?”

What a great difference and contrariety to what I was expecting! Instead of receiving cruel and inhuman words, I got sweetly and caring words. My heart was so melted and stirred by that. It was as though my very own ears had deceived me. Had they?

“This is not my first time driving,” I answered nevertheless.

The man narrowed his eyes at me as if intending to glower. He didn’t do that in any case. It was shock and dubiety on his part which had triggered that behavior, I later on found out. That was what it seemed to be. Sure.

“I am really sorry.”

“There is no need to say that. We all do make mistakes you know. Big mistakings like this one.”

I uplifted my eyebrows. “You mean you are not offended by me—”

He cut me short straight away. “I am not. It was just the tail-lights that got ruined. I can fix them easily and cheaply.”

“Are you a mechanic?”

“Sort of. Alex Ramirez is my name, and I am in my third year of studying Engineering at this university. May I know your name and where you come from?”

“I am Sophia Solochi; I am new in this town and the university itself.”

“You are quite a charming lady, I must acknowledge, Sophia.”

I smiled weakly and shyly, dreading where our conversation was heading to. Would he not estrange and alienate all of a sudden without a sound reason? To be upright with you, I was the one at fault here, and for that reason, I had to accept whatever it was that was going to come my way. Anything at all. “Thank you, Alex.” My response was weakly and unsound and shaky, just like I had meant it to be.

Following that, Alex looked at my bonnet. It was so…damaged. But not overly wrecked. Each time that I would drive from now on, it had to go on yawning and gaping wide open. Like a slit and mangled shoe which you have put on while walking. People would obviously stare and deride my car, which I was averse to see happen about.

“I may fix that as well,” Alex added on. 

What? No way! I would not let him. I was fortunate enough that he was not going to let me handle responsibilities for the damage of his car. That was enough, wasn’t it? And now I let him furthermore be accountable for the repairing and mending of my car? It was so unfair and insincere. Yes, it was.

“Alex.”

“Yes.” His eyes immediately veered to me.

“I can’t let you…I mean I cannot let you bear the accountability of the piecing of my car. It would be too much and unjust and one-sided and insulting of me, don’t you think so?”

“I don’t.”

“You don’t?”

“Yes, I don’t.”

“But—”

I was cut off before I had ventured any further. “I am a mechanic, Sophia. Not a professional and schooled one to be truthful. My father is the schooled and familiarized mechanic, and I learnt everything from him. If I ask him out, I am positive that he will give me a helping hand in the fixing of your car. I am not asking you to pay anything for it.”

“But—”

“Let us do this. We will swap cars right this moment. I will go home in your car to repair and make adjustments as they are needed. I will come with it tomorrow, fixed and new-looking. You yourself on the other hand will take my car and bring it back tomorrow. I will fix the shattered lights lastly and finally. And to prove to you that I am no cheat or trickster, I will have you seize my identity cards just so you will be confident that I can be easily traced and followed should I make a go at fleeing away. You car looks a bit modern and quite expensive than mine, don’t you agree?”

“I have no arguments or queries with that.”

“Which is a ‘yes’ as I take it, isn’t it?”

“Sure.”

Alex smiled at me warmly. His perfect smile…it dazzled my senses and swirl of emotions altogether. If I had not confessed it before, then now is the precise and rightful time. Alex was one such nice-looking and gorgeous guy. The kind of guy who, with his handsome face and energetic and well-molded body, would drive just about any woman insane and out of her mind. He had dark hair and dark eyes and olive skin and shady-like brown lips. At the moment, he was dressed in blue jeans and an immaculate white shirt and brown canvas shoes. He was ravishing in this in-complex and yet ingenuous attire. Like some bold and athletic model posing for a garb advertisement!

That night before I slept in my bed, lying down wide-eyed and wide-awake, I thought back to the moment when I had run into him. It was strange. But already I was starting to become attracted to him. Oh my! What nonsense and bull-sh*t this was! Was it normal to go bananas and irrational over some boy that I had just met hours ago? Was this actually some undeniable piece of bull-sh*t?

My interview had been awesome and hilarious and brilliant, all thanks to this boy called ‘Alex Ramirez’ whom I had just happened on. As I had took my seat down, glowing-looking and vivacious, I had by that moment been flown off into very high spirits, where I tarried and remained until after the interview was through. As I spoke with the interviewee, a tall and neatly-dressed-in-black woman named Vivian Sutherland, I had been this continually confident and smiling. Laughing and serious-behaved even. After the interview was through, Vivian had shook hands with me and eventually bid me farewell.

I walked away from the interview still in my glowing and luminous mood, which made those who were sitted and lined outside marvel and wonder at what was going on in there. Some group of three blond-haired girls asked me straight, to which I replied that nothing scary or intimidating was going in behind that closed door.

Alex’s car, a Jeep Cougar, was great fun and amusement to drive and ride. Although one of the oldest cars still around, it was the fastest thing that I had ever driven. Fifty minutes I had driven to the university in my car—a Ferrari Cordon. Thirty minutes I had driven from the university back home in Alex’s red-painted vehicle. The load of traffic was still much the same, free and unfilled.

Kris had gone out to shop vegetables and onions and tomatoes and the like when I arrived home. I picked up on it in the note that she laid on the wool carpet, straight after opening up the door. She would return in an hour or so, she surmised. That dinner, before I had packed off for bed that is, our conversation, in between boiled eggs and fried sausage and fried rice and carrots and boiled potatoes and glasses of juice, had been:

Kris, sipping steadily her glass of orange juice. “I noticed that you came back in a different car. One with the tail-lights broken and shattered. What happened to your legitimate car?”

I looked up at her suspiciously. “It got damaged. In a trivial accident that is and I sent it off for repairing.”

“A trivial accident? Why didn’t you tell me about it, Sophia?”

“I didn’t want to annoy or worry you. You were so pre-occupied with the cooking and cleaning up and rearranging of things. I didn’t want to disturb and bog down your high-flown spirits with my stupid account.”

“Suppose you had got hurt?”

“I didn’t, mom. That is the fortunate part of it all, isn’t it?”

She shook her head. “I don’t want you involved in anything like it again, Sophia, do you hear me?”

“I do.”

“So whose car is that anyway?”

“Alice’s. She is my newest friend. I met her today and we became great friends instantly. She was kind enough to lend me her car to drive myself here home. It is a long drive from school, remember, and she wouldn’t have me walk or board a bus all the way here.”

Kris merely frowned and scowled. “You are lucky to have such type of a friend. Be good to her always and make your friendship last as long enough as it possibly can. Anyway, how did your interview go?”

“Perfect. With Alice around, it was just amazing and heavenly. It all went smoothly and appropriately.”

“I trust that they will take you to be one of their first year students this semester.”

“They probably will, mom.”

“Tell me one question they asked you?”

“Why I want to study Fashion and Design.”

“And your response? How was it?”

“I showed the interviewee some pieces of clothing that I designed personally. She fell for them helplessly and even remarked that I have great talent. This is something I have wanted to do all my life. A dream I have worked hard for all these long and painful years just to accomplish and fulfill. I want to designate and style clothes that are health-giving and hygienic and which people of diverse and unlike cultures can embrace and accede to. I want to dress humanity well and efficiently.”

For a second, Kris looked at me wordlessly and taken aback, as if wanting to say something but then lacking the efficient strength and zeal to do so. 

“What do you think?” I asked her.

She blinked instantaneously. “That was sublime. I wasn’t expecting to hear that from you to be clear-cut.”

“You weren’t?”

“Yes, I wasn’t.”

It was strangely cold and unwelcoming in my bed. Maybe because it was raining outside. Hard and never-endingly. The roof above rattled and reverberated, the windows beneath it spattering and splashing up. Not that the roof on its own was rattling and reverberating and the windows themselves spattering and splashing. The rain was the agent and force behind these sounds. Without it, the sounds themselves would be non-existent.

I don’t know how I fell asleep; I just did; and when I woke up, morning had already dawned and broke forth. Flashes and streaks of sunlight filtered through the cream white curtains into my enormous room, newly-looking and a bit dazzling at first sight. The feelings themselves about me, they were sickly-like and shallow and sleazy-like.

I had no schooling to go about that precise day. No tutorial or teaching at all. Still, I managed to convince Kris that I would be out to meet Ashley and return her car to her. In fact, it was Alex Ramirez I was meeting and no un-existing Alice. Kris didn’t interrogate me much about it. She kindly asked me to express her deep-felt and sincere gratitude to this goodly Alice that had helped her one and only daughter. Who was me without doubt.

The traffic was severe and strong that morning when I left. I arrived thirty minutes late at Brownton, the ground and lawn of the institution being this highly drenched and wet, to the point that each time that I made my way on the non-paved walkway, I had to be meticulously careful and attentive of where I stepped and how I made that particular step. I put on a blue sundress and blue flat shoes and fastened and secured my hair behind me with a lovely-looking blue ribbon. Simply put, I was graceful and neat and flawless in consummate blue.

Wherever I went to, the boys had a ‘you-look-so-magnetic’ expression in their eyes. Not a loudly voiced one. But a silenced-uttered one. That was also equally true with the girls.

I found Alex waiting for me on a wooden bench sited under a giant tree, where he was sitted and relaxing. Like boys are fond of doing, he was busy checking out the strolling by girls and ladies. It seemed he hadn’t been intent on going about that. But with nothing more to do and occupy his mind and senses, he had no alternative but to go on sizing the walking by chicks. Did I say ‘chicks’? Boops! It should be damsels!

The moment he noticed me, while I was still half-way away from him, he gave me that overwhelmed and overpowered look that the other boys had given me moments back. His mouth opened slightly, his eyebrows widening, his expression softening and tenderizing. What? Did my mere presence had that power and ability to quell and make people become overwhelmed that way?

I sat down on the bench just next to him, and having looked up at him, smiled slightly. “Alex Ramirez, how are you doing?”

His eyes tarried and lingered on my face. “Fine, Sophia. And you?”

“I am equally fine as well. Sorry I am late. The traffic was this heavy and cumbersome and annoyingly very slow. I should have called you, but then I don’t have your number.”

“Do you need it right now?”

“Uhmnnn…no, I guess. I am already here and that is what is important, isn’t it?”

“Sure!”

The air gusted past me, pushing off loose threads of light brown hair into my face, ones which I had not tied and made fast. I tossed them away in that girly and delicate way that men cannot help but lift eyebrows at and wonder in silence, inwardly enraptured and delighted and transported off into alien and yet entrancing thoughts. 

“Are you not having classes today?” I checked the time on my phone. It was spot-on ten thirty. 

Alex sighed in relief. “I am free and readily available. All day that is.”

“What do you connote by that?”

“Nothing really. I was wondering if you would join me for…a snack. What do you say?”

I thought about it for a while. “No problem.” To be upright with you, all I wanted right now was to catch a glimpse of my car. Had Alex really fixed it, with the help of his mechanic father? Or had he failed to? Maybe not done anything at all?

He led me straight to my car. There it was parked, new-looking and repaired and faultless. The bonnet looked ideal and whole. No damage on it, no any slight flaw or defect or fracture. My goodness! Alex had done such a good job indeed! While I surveyed the car, I became this breathless and entranced and so overjoyed. Words are not adequate to explain the surge of emotions that I was undergoing that very moment. No, they are not sufficient enough.

“Alex.” My eyes drifted to him, startled and thankful at the same time. “Thank you so much for repairing my car. I wasn’t expecting it to be this wholesome and perfect. You did everything right and beyond what I was foreseeing done. Thank you so much.”

He smiled steadily at me, a winning and well-performed smile. “It is my pleasure, Sophia, to hear that; it assuredly is.”

I breathed out quietly at my own desired pace. “So tell me, did your father give you a helping hand in the fixing of my car?”

He wavered a little bit. “He did.”

“You haven’t yet told me his name, have you?”

“No; I probably will anyway. He is Alex Ramirez Senior.”

“Hmmnnn, so you are junior, right?”

“I sure am.”

“Pass him my best wishes and deep-most appreciation, will you?”

“As you wish.”

We drove to a cafeteria in my car. I was not the one who drove. Alex did. Unlike yesterday, his clothes were in some way mucky and soiled. I noticed it while stealing a glance at him from the comfort of my seat. He took notice almost immediately and resolved, “Sorry that I have to go out and eat with you looking this filthy and foul. I had to give Alex—I mean dad—a helping hand with some engine clean-up before I started off for Brownton. Are you offended by me being this dirty and unclean?”

“No. Why would you even say that? I understand the sanity of you being this way.”

He smiled solely.

I looked away from him that instant, fearing that should I stare at him longer than was necessary he would think that I was examining and checking out how dirty and despicable he was. Which was far off from the actual truth. I didn’t care that he was dirty and soiled up. I didn’t care that he was not clean and spotless like I was. I didn’t care that he was dressed in humble clothing while I was this richly and neatly garbed. I didn’t care about anything at all. Oh yes, I did not give a damn whatsoever!

That moment I stared away from him, Alex had his eyes on me. I first felt it and then discerned his watchful eyes from the corner of mine. What was it with me? Or anything about me that was worthwhile looking.

Having noticed how so quiet we both were, Alex put on some music, making my heart dance and my soul stir up to the rhythm and enticing slow beat itself. Yes, he put on some unending tracks of slow romantic music. One that I was keen on and would listen to with all my heart and soul and spirit altogether. Alex! How so sweet and charming he was!

The third song, which repeated twice, and which I happened to fall for the most, went like this—it was a man who was singing, by the name of Christopher Mooning, and to me, it felt like Alex himself was caroling out to me:

Baby, baby, my sweet angel
Baby, baby, my perfect angel
Baby, baby, my amazing angel
Baby, baby—the one who has stolen and seized my heart

There is something special about your lovely eyes
Something special about the curving and shapeliness of your lips
Something golden about the way you smile
Something brilliant about the way you talk

Baby, baby, I am falling so madly for you
Baby, baby, I can’t go on without thinking about you
Baby, baby, you are my heart and my breath itself
Baby, baby—you are the one I live to see and eternally hold in my arms

Baby, baby, I like the way you look at me
Baby, baby, have I told you
That I fell for you that very second 
I laid my eyes on you

Have I told you that
No matter how hard I tried
I could not forget that picture of you
Smiling and looking so quiet and so grave

Baby, baby, you are my sweet angel
Baby, baby, you are my perfect angel
Baby, baby, you are my amazing angel
Baby, baby—you are the one who has stolen and seized my heart and breath itself

That is not the entire song. Just a part of it I included here so you can get a taste and feel of how the spectacle was. While the song played on and on, Alex would glance at me every once in a while, enchanted and fascinated by what his eyes were seeing. I had no doubt or misgiving that the guy was so attracted to me. He definitely was. And I was drawn toward him as well on the other hand. Yes, I was. I sure was.

The cafeteria we had our snacks at was ‘Sam’s Lobelia.’ That was its simple and yet marvelous name. At the entrance, there was a sketch of blue and scarlet colored lobelias grouped and bundled together. Brilliant and delightful to look at flowers. 

Inside, the tables and chairs were white-painted and plastic-manufactured. The floor was mahogany and polished and shining. The ceiling was mahogany-fashioned too and sited high and farther above with scarlet and blue colored lights illumining and shimmering up. It was a nice and wonderful place to be. How I wished I had dragged my camera with me so as to snag a photo or two of Alex and I munching and whooping it up!

We had ensconced down, waiting for the menu that we had just ordered to be delivered, when Alex, on the spur of the moment and unexpectedly, observed me looking about in fascination and enrapturement, and he remarked, “I have noticed that this cafeteria happens to bewitch and charm you, isn’t that it?”

I blinked at him rapidly—an unforeseen and unplanned movement.  “You are right, Alex. I turn out to like and revel in this place, you know.”

“I can positively tell. Would you mind taking photos? Of us? I have my phone with me and its camera is this matchless and unrivalled. What’s your say on that?”

I breathed in and out, mystified and robbed of any words. How was this guy able to do it? It seemed that he was an expert at amusing and cheering me up and giving me what I really and deeply wanted. Yes, he was fantastic and ideal!

“Is there anything at fault with it, Sophia?”

I answered immediately. “No, no. I didn’t suggest that. It is an excellent and wowing idea. I mean it. Honestly.”



    


 

    

THE END!














