



SKY
OF
SHADOWS
     

By Tyler Craig Nixon






Copyright 2015 Tyler Craig Nixon
All rights reserved

Cover Photo and design by Tyler Craig Nixon
Edited by Tyler Craig Nixon & Davette Bowman
Smashwords Edition August 2014


This e-book is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This e-book may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite e-book retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
To Lindsey, 

Who inspired the character of "Ariana" with her personality and her music









To my readers, 
DISCLAIMER: Let it be known that this is a work of fiction.  It is not to be taken literally, and I, in no way, intended to offend anyone with the ideals in this book.  This is predominantly a love story, with some theistic elements and inspiration. This book is not promoting any particular ideas or beliefs; they are there merely for driving the plot.  And yes, for the sake of humor, this book is full of pop culture references.  Enjoy.
-Tyler Craig Nixon




P.S. Whenever you encounter a set of bold periods evenly spaced out between two paragraphs, it either  indicates a change in point of view, a set of time passed, or a relapse into a flashback.  Here is an example: 

 "...I couldn’t really tell how Zachariel would actually react, but I had to have faith that it would go well..."

...

 "Ariana and I finally arrived at her house.  It was a humble little building made out of wood, but it represented..."


Chapter List: 
Prologue: Pain's Transcendence
Chapter 1: Arrival in Eden
Chapter 2:  New in Town 
Chapter 3: Beauty of Music 
Chapter 4: The Jackdaw's Shadow 
Chapter 5: Awkward Moments 
Chapter 6: Growing Closer 
Chapter 7: Pain of Remembrance 
Chapter 8: Hellfire's Awakening 
Chapter 9: Solarity of Dreams 
Chapter 10: Ancient Legends 
Chapter 11:  Raziel
Chapter 12: The Wicked Giant 
Chapter 13: Take Flight
Chapter 14: The Jackdaw Returns
Chapter 15:  Angel’s Ascendance  
Chapter 16: Forest Battle
Chapter 17: Legend of the Soraphim 
Chapter 18: The Mass Exodus
Chapter 19: The Sky City 
Chapter 20: The Corrupted Fall
Chapter 21: Aka Manah
Chapter 22: The Purpose
Chapter 23: Fighting the Darkness
Chapter 24: The Duel with Evil
Chapter 25: The Journey Begins
Epilogue: One world, One Heart 
Prologue
Pain’s Transcendence
This pain is unbearable.  Imagine a grenade going off in your stomach, except multiply that by a hundred.  That’s what it feels like to get shot in the abdomen.
Now add heartbreak and fear to the mix. Imagine that your entire life force is constantly bleeding out of your body, like water pouring out of a glass.  Your spirit, your energy, your will, everything.  Pain, loss, hopelessness, anger…that’s what I feel right now.  Like the only real thing I ever had to live for was gone.  As a matter of fact, it was currently being driven off in a car.  That’s why I’ve got to pull through this.   I have to save her.  I have to save Lilly. 
I covered the gunshot wound with my arm, attempting to apply pressure so I could at least reduce the bleeding.  I stood one foot up and braced it against the ground, trying to get up.
I braced my other hand against the coffee table that was next to me, it helped to support me as I attempted to regain my footing.  I stumbled for a second, but pulled through and was able to get myself off the ground.  
Keep going…I urged myself, don’t give up…
I lumbered out of the house and onto the sidewalk, mustering all the strength I could to stop the car from leaving, from taking Lilly away from me…
I shouted at the top of my lungs, “LILLY!!!  BRING LILLY BACK!!!” 
I grunted and cried out in pain, feeling my energy drain from the wound.  Steam began to rise from my body as my rage increased, yet with each step my body was getting weaker, my will was withering away.  
It doesn’t matter what happens to me… I thought, I need to save her…keep her from…
My friend Nathan ran up to me, “Ben!  Oh man…” He saw what had happened to me, the dark blood seeping through my white shirt.  He grabbed my other arm to stop me from walking any further. 
 “We need to get you to a hospital!  I’m calling an ambulance…”
I broke free from his grip and kept limping on, determined to keep going. 
 “No…I need to get to Lilly…” I said weakly, losing focus.
“Ben, we need to…”
“NO!  I can’t let her take Lilly…I can’t…” I collapsed to the ground, coughing up blood violently. I fell over on my hands and knees, slowly becoming weaker and weaker.  Then I fell over on my back, the remainder of my energy spent. 
I couldn’t go on.  My body wouldn’t let me…I couldn’t save her…
The noise of the sirens gradually faded along with Nathan’s voice, my vision blurred up until it became completely black.
And then I faded from the world.  I had failed. 
Chapter 1
Arrival in New Eden
I’ll admit, of all the places, I certainly didn’t expect to end up here.  At first I thought it was oblivion, but if it was oblivion, then I wouldn't exist.  But then if I still existed...then where was I?
 My vision was still pitch black, but I felt like I was laying on something soft, like a pile of crunchy leaves in the fall.  Then I realized why my vision was black.  My eyes were closed, so I opened them.  The light shone above me through the canopy above in a brilliant array of color, momentarily blinding me in a flash of white.  A second later, a shadow moved across the light. At first I couldn't tell what it was, until my vision refocused and I realized it was a young woman.  
She had sharp electric blue eyes, complimented with a perky but beautiful nose, warm, glowing skin, high cheekbones, and golden blonde hair.  When she parted her lips to speak, the sound was like a burst of cheerful energy that for some strange reason warmed my heart; her voice was slightly high pitched and sounded excited.  
   "Hi! Who are you?" She asked, tilting her head in wonder and confusion.
I sat up and looked around for a second, taking in my new surroundings.  I could tell that I was in a forest, but everything around me was so vividly colored, as if it were straight out of a painting.  Then I looked at the woman.  I wasn’t good with women, so naturally, I answered stupidly, "Ummm...whaa...?"
 The woman just gazed at me, still in confusion.  "Your name is 'Whaa'? That's a strange name..." She said, pondering.
    Then I realized my mistake.  I shook my head in frustration at my stupidity.  
Way to go, idiot, I thought to myself. 
"No sorry...names Ben.  Benjamin Blake." I corrected myself. 
"So your name is Benjamin?" She asked. 
 "Yeah. I usually just go by Ben or Blake though.” I tried to make up for it by holding out my hand for a handshake.
 Her eyes widened in curiosity, and she took a cautious step back, "What are you doing? What is that?"
Okay…that’s a bit weird.  But seriously, who doesn’t know what a handshake is? I mean, unless she was from a foreign country where people don't shake hands due to being afraid of germs or whatever. 
 I tried to explain it, “It’s a handshake...you know, when you meet someone, you shake their hand?  It’s a way of introducing yourself. " I held it out further, urging her to grab it. 
  Her eyes then brightened, as if she had gotten it. "Ohhh I see!  So it's kind of like a greeting...like this?" She immediately clasped it and began to shake my hand so fast that it would have made the Earthquakes of San Francisco jealous. 
 I pulled my hand away, shaking it to get the numbness out of it, “Yeah something like that.  Anyway, who are you?  And also…” I quickly glanced around again, and then looked back at her, “…where the heck am I?"
She perked up, and rested the hand with the violin in it on her hip, "Oh…well…my names Ariana!  Ariana Winters!  You can call me “Ari” for short!  And as for 'where you are' (she said this in her manliest voice possible, obviously making fun of mine) you're in Leanoir Forest, in the realm of New Eden.  I go here all the time!  It’s a nice, quiet place, where I can hear nature and write my music! Well…I WAS practicing my violin and then you showed up here, which is strange, because I've never seen someone like you before in the forest..."
 I was already lost.  As she was rambling on, I stood up and got a better look at Ariana.  She was dressed in brown and green clothing, with her hair tied up in a ponytail with a fake bird...no, an actual bird resting on her hair and chirping away happily. In her hand she had a bow for her violin (which she casually waved around as she talked) and in her other hand was the violin itself. She kind of looked like one of those obsessed tree huggers I had seen on a few occasions back home, although judging from her current non-stop rambling, she was probably ten times as crazy as they were. 
Wait a minute...I suddenly thought, home...
My mind became garbled in confusion, trying to remember what home was like…
Suddenly my head exploded in pain.  I could only remember bits and pieces of my home, where I came from, and what I did...but as I tried piecing the memories together, it throbbed even worse and the memories gradually faded again.
The voices swirled around in my mind , 
Ben! Please don’t let her do this..! 
I don’t care how much you love her! I don’t care who she is! She’s mine Ben!
Ben! Come on man…don’t die on me! 
  Ariana quickly took notice. She rushed to me and put her hand on my shoulder in a comforting manner, which immediately rinsed all the pain and hurt away. I stood up straight and took a deep breath, feeling relaxed and rejuvenated.
Whoa…I thought as my vision came back into focus, I don’t know what just happened, but I’m glad it did...
Moreover; I was shocked at the fact that this random girl I had just met was able to do something like that…but how did she do that?
I exhaled sharply and then spoke, "Wow...thanks Ariana that...that actually helped.  How did you do that?" I asked, mystified.  
  Ariana, for one, seemed just as shocked as I was.  She looked at her hand suspiciously as if it were a third limb or not a hand at all,  
"Umm I don't know...I uh…I just wanted you to feel better.  Are you feeling better?" She tilted her head a little, inquiring what my answer would be (even though I’m pretty sure she already knew, considering it was painfully -or rather, ‘non-painfully’- obvious).
 "Well yeah! Um…thanks again." I replied half-gratefully, half-awkwardly.  Whoever this girl was...she was different.  I could see that instantly. But then again, I wanted to be sure that I wasn't dealing with a murderous, psycho witch-doctor or something like that.  
  Ariana beamed at me.  "Great!!! You’re Welcome!!!" All of a sudden, she snapped her fingers, as if she had gotten an idea, “Hey you…err I mean…”
“It's Ben.” I told her. 
“Yeah, Ben!  Follow me! There something I want to show you…!”  She shoved her violin and bow in a bag, grabbed my hand randomly and dragged me along, taking me out of the forest, into a field of rolling, green hills.  With the way the hills looked, I was half-expecting to run into the Jolly Green Giant and get smashed underfoot.  
 She ran rather fast, which was a bit surprising.  I also felt slightly freaked out that this girl I had JUST met like five minutes ago was dragging me along, like a child would be dragged through a supermarket.  If you've had that happen to you, you can imagine how I felt. 
Anyway, as we ran past, the wind picked up and blew through the tall grass, propelling us onward even faster than before. It seemed like Ariana was part of the wind or something…either way I wasn’t exactly sure what the heck was going on.  I even pinched my arm once to make sure I wasn't hallucinating. 
I looked forward at Ariana.  The sun illuminated the outline of her hair, giving it glowing appearance, like the sun when it peeked above the horizon. She looked back at me; her eyes were lit up an amazing blue color, sharpened by what appeared to be eyeliner…only it was natural.  Her cheeks blossomed a reddish color as she laughed. 
 I was in absolute awe.  I didn’t know this girl very well, considering we met like ten minutes ago, but dang, she sure was pretty.  No, gorgeous was more like it.
Oh man...I thought; forget all that psycho stuff for a second... 
Ariana jerked my arm and yanked me back to reality,  “Stop daydreaming and hurry up, slowpoke!” 
My eyes widened as I looked away, “Now that’s a serious motivation killer…” I muttered under my breath.  I reluctantly complied and spent the rest of the run trying to keep myself from staring at her…at least when she looked back.  When she faced forward, I made sure my eyes got plenty of glimpses of her golden blonde hair fluttering beautifully in the wind.
Eventually, she stopped at a wooden bridge that crossed a small river. She let go of my hand and ran toward the railing, leaning over to look at the water, so naturally I joined her.  When I leaned over, I saw the water as well.  The water in the river was a shimmering crystal clear color, so I could see all the little fish that were swimming around. 
  Ariana hopped on the railing of the bridge and sat down.  She turned to me, smiled, and beckoned for me to sit down next to her. 
Whoa.   She actually invited me…I thought, feeling excited.  It’s not very often that a pretty girl invites you to sit next to her...especially a possibly crazy but friendly girl that you just met.  
 I hastily hopped on the railing, swinging my legs over the side.  I folded my hands in my lap, trying to look as interested as possible.  
 She looked at me and smiled.  Then she pointed at a fish that was swimming around.  "Look, see it?  That one is Robert or Bob for short.  He's always nice enough to let me see him.”
Awesome, I thought, Pretty girl randomly brought me to look at fish.
She tapped me on the shoulder to get my attention, “See that one right there? That's Zachariel or Zachy for short.  I named him after my stubborn father...well adopted father actually but still he has his attitude.  Occasionally he'll..."
The fish splashed some water in her face, and then swam around in circles as if he were celebrating or something of the sort.
  Ariana looked annoyed, like this was a constant game she played with the fish.  She used a piece of cloth from her dress (which for some reason was now multiple shades of blue, plus the fact that it was now a dress) to wipe her face.  She uttered a small growl of frustration, which I, being the jerk that I am, somehow found to be funny. 
“So that’s what your father must be like, huh?” I sarcastically remarked, lightly kicking the boards of the wooden bridge with my feet.
  She gave me a look of minor annoyance, pursed her lips, and proceeded to push me into the creek, soaking me head to toe in the process.
  I stood up, dripping wet, and shook off some of the water, and then I looked at Ariana, put my hands on my hips, and tilted my head slightly.  I shook it in disapproval, "Really Ariana...?" I said.  Then I got an evil idea and started chuckling mischievously.  
  She stared blankly at me for a second and then asked, "What's so funny?"
  I laughed and then stated, "Nothing...well actually..." I yanked her off of the railing and into the creek below. "...It’s your turn!"
  “Hey..! Ben what are you..? Ahhh!!!” She let out a short playful scream of shock, and then landed butt-first in the water.  After the splash subsided, I looked at her again; she was sitting with her upper torso and the tops of her knees sticking out of the surface of the water.  She flipped her soaking wet hair out of her eyes and shot me a semi-nasty look, complete with a sassy half-smirk, and then she giggled.  
"You got my dress wet...that’s not nice…" She stated with a saddened frown, which was obviously fake. 
Despite the whole puppy-dog look, I suddenly felt really guilty.  I really didn’t know how some girls can do that; it’s like they developed that ability to either enslave mankind or make them sympathize. Either way, it worked. 
 "Ohhh...I'm sorry." I said, apologizing.  
 Then her expression changed and she beamed mischievously.  She held out both of her arms, "Help me up?" She asked innocently. 
I felt slightly suspicious, but I grabbed her arms anyway and lifted her out of the water.  Ariana, however, surprised me and shoved me back into the water.  She then took refuge on the shore and shouted a triumphant "HA! Gotcha!"
Crud, I thought to myself, should’ve seen that coming…
I recovered myself and sent multiple barrages of water flying at her, causing her to dodge (or at least attempt to) and retaliate with a couple of splashes of her own.  She stamped her foot every time I nailed her with a mini-tsunami, but she also grinned, a clear indication that she was having a good time.  Not only was she having a good time, but so was I. 
“Nooooo Ben..! Thats cold...ahh!!!” She squealed as a wave hit her. 
“Ha…gotcha!!!” I shouted mockingly, imitating her voice in a more childish, playful manner.  
“Gotcha back!” Ariana said as she splashed back in retaliation. 
We both laughed as we continuously splashed each other, shouting chants of victory and gasps of defeat every time one of us succeeded in hitting the other. At one point, I decided to be nice and let her win, so I threw my hands up in defeat.
 "Okay, okay you win...you win..." I laughed as the words came out. It was strange; I was still actually having fun even though I was "defeated".  But I have almost never had fun like this…not for a long time.
 Ariana grinned and picked up a random stick from the shore. She victoriously brandished it as if it were a flag, then she stuck her tongue out at me in a haughty manner, further boasting of her victory. 
 I smiled at her and shook my head, partially because it was wet and partially because I was enjoying my time with this…Ariana. In all of my life, I had never met anyone so beautiful.  Not just on the outside, but everything about her...her personality was as bright as the sun...the way she ran around and played, the way she seemed to inquire and wonder about everything.  Everything seemed to lighten up around her, as if the aimless world had been given a purpose again.  
She seemed to notice me dazing off into my thoughts once more, and sighed in frustration, "Hellooo! Stop your daydreaming and come along there’s another thing I want you to see!"  She grabbed my wrist and pulled me along again, this time out of the creek and back into the rolling green fields.  At the top of one of these hills was a large tree, with a large overhang of leaves and branches.  She set her bag against the side of the tree, and sat down beside it.  She curled up her knees to her chest and rested her chin on them.  She angled her head to look at me, saying "Come on Ben! Sit down!" She patted the ground next to her and smiled.
I returned the smile warmly and sat down with her.  I let one leg stretch out and curled the other one in, resting my elbow on it. 
 I looked at Ariana, "So what exactly did you want to show me this time?" I asked.
She pointed out to the sun, which was about to set, "Don't you see?  I come here just about every day to watch the sunset...it brightens the land even more at this time, and I just sit here and watch it.  I mean, it’s beautiful.  The way the rivers glisten and the wind moves the meadows like a chorus of angels.  Something about it just makes my heart warm up.  It makes me feel like there’s always been a deep longing in my heart.  I don't know what it is...but I know it’s there."
“A longing?  Kinda like the missing piece of the puzzle...?” I inquired. 
“Exactly! I love puzzles.  It's like the rest of it is almost complete, but there’s that one piece that is missing...and it really doesn't feel complete and whole without it.  I can't exactly pinpoint it though...”
“Yeah...I can understand that.” I replied. 
And I did understand her.  This land, wherever I was, was gorgeous.  I actually felt at peace here.  With myself, with my new friend...I felt so happy, I let loose a full smile -which somehow despite my amnesia I knew- for the first time in years.
Then I looked at Ariana.  The sun was shining on her face.  She closed her eyes and felt the warmth soak into her skin.  Then she opened her eyes and looked at me.  "You know what? I know we just met but..." She paused for a moment.
 I calmly returned her gaze, "But what?"
 She exhaled and said, "I feel like we've known each other for a really long time...it’s strange, but that's what it feels like.  What about you?"
 Deep inside, I agreed with her.  There was no point in hiding it, I mean, I seriously felt like I could trust her with anything...this girl…whoever she was, I felt like I could trust her.  That was for sure. 
I lightly chuckled, then spoke, "Yeah me too.  It’s comforting...being here with you." I spotted a purple flower nearby, so I picked it and handed it to Ariana.  
"For you, Milady" I said playfully with a hint of a British accent.   
She let out a little giggle and proceeded to put the flower in her hair. Immediately, more flowers like it magically blossomed, forming a nature-made headband.  When I looked back at her, her clothing had changed back into her green shirt and knee-length jeans.  She let down her hair and laid down, encouraging me to do the same.  
Ignoring the fact that the headband (and dress) randomly came out of nowhere, I laid next to her, so close that our arms were brushed up against each other.  As our skin touched, I could feel an immediate connection, the feeling that whatever was growing between me and her was special. 
We looked up into the sky and watched the as the sunset illuminated the clouds in brilliant vastness of colors.  Upon observing the sky, I realized how different this world was. The night sky was a mix of blues and purples, with what appeared to be another planet hung high in the atmosphere of beauty.  The flowers in the fields reflected the planetary light from above back upward, which hung in the air and filled it with indescribable warmth. 
Wow…God, this is awesome… I thought.
  It truly was.  My mind had been blown.  This place -”New Eden” as Ariana called it- was amazing.  If this was some sort of afterlife...then it was just plain awesome. 
We sat there for about an hour or two, occasionally striking up a small conversation.  She told me about her music and her dancing, which, I’m proud to say, honestly found interesting.  She described it to me so vividly, that I could literally picture in my head.
“…And so I have to keep the notes and my steps on the same beat, otherwise it may cause me to go out of sync and mess up the song.” She said, finishing her explanation. 
“That’s really cool Ariana.  Will I get to see you play anytime soon?” I asked excitedly. 
She leaned over to me and gazed directly into my eyes, and then she winked.  “You just might…” Suddenly, Ariana sat up sharply, and her eyes widened, “Uh oh...speaking of which, it’s starting to get late.  I need to get home."
I frowned and looked away, attempting to hide my disappointment.  "Ohhh...I understand.  Anyways, it was nice...WHOA!"
Ariana pulled me up and was now leading me (or at least to what I assumed to be) to her home.  She turned and looked at me while she ran, saying "You didn't think I was gonna leave you, did you? Of course not...you're my best friend!" She laughed gleefully as we ran toward her village.
I laughed with her.  I really didn't care that we had just met, or that we barely knew each other...I would follow her anywhere.  
Chapter 2
New in Town
Ben and I reached the fence, where multiple animals grazed on the other side.  I stopped there and turned to him, “Hey could you hold my violin case for a second?” 
He nodded and took it.  He simply stood there awkwardly as I jumped the fence.  Once I was over, he handed it back to me, climbing over as well. He climbed over rather slowly, which I found to be annoying.
“Hurry up Benny!!!” I demanded impatiently. 
“I’ve got this! Hold on…and don't call me that!” as he climbed over he nearly fell on his face, but managed to collect himself. 
Once he had gotten over, he just stood there, staring at me.  Then he asked, “So…how much farther is “home?” 
I grabbed his arm again - yanking him- and started running toward the village again. “You’ll see when we get there! I don’t wanna be late…I have to practice for a festival tonight.” I said. 
“What festival?” He shouted as we continued to run. 
I suppose I could tell him.  But he said himself that he wanted to see me play…so I might as well keep it a surprise.  After all, he certainly surprised me back in the forest...so the way I see it, I should return the favor. 
So I grinned and gave him a short answer, “You’ll see Ben! Just be patient!” 
 I really couldn’t wait to get back to the village. I was excited.  And honestly I should be! I just made a new best friend.  There was something about Ben that made me feel…happy.  And also those gray eyes…those stormy gray eyes…
I shook myself out of it.  For one, I almost stepped into a pile of cow poo.  Another thing, I needed to focus the festival. This was an important one.
My violin case (with Ole Betsy tucked safely inside) was tightly gripped in my left hand, my other hand held Ben’s wrist, yanking him along like a puppy on a leash. 
Honestly, I found it kind of strange that I was dragging a random guy that I had found in the forest to my house.  I mean, I hadn’t exactly planned out how to break this to Dad, 
Hey Dad!   I found him in the forest!  He’s my new best friend! Can I keep him? Pleasssseee?
I shook the begging notion from my head. I would be up front with Dad about it...sure, I was curious of who he was, and where he came from (who wouldn’t be?), but all that mattered to me now, was that he was my best friend.  My friend that had been missing my entire life…I don’t know how, or why, but somehow he was.  Call it a girl’s intuition. 
Or loneliness, a voice in my head said. 
“Shut up.” I growled out loud.
Ben looked offended and confused, “Hey...I wasn’t even talking…”
“No not you sorry…a voice in my head.” I explained. 
"Oh...um...well alright.  That’s...swell..." He said, giving me a wary look. 
A voice in my head?  Great, now he probably thinks that I’m a thousand times crazier than he originally thought.  Way to go, Ari.
I looked behind, and Ben was still running along with me, his eyes ablaze with curiosity.  I smiled at him reassuringly, and he slowly but cautiously smiled back.  Then all of a sudden, his eyes widened so much that I could have sworn I saw my reflection. 
“I love the way the wind blows through your hair!” He said randomly.  Then he realized what he said, and pursed his lips awkwardly, avoiding my stare. 
"Umm…thanks." I replied.  He looked at me through the corner of his eyes, and I shot him a smile as a non-verbal way of letting him know that it was okay.  He slowly smiled back. 
 The thing is, I’ve actually gotten that type of weird compliment before. You see, this reminded me of the time where a love-struck boy thought I played the violin so well, but instead complimented me on my shoes, when in fact I wasn’t wearing any. That guy was weird...but luckily for Ben (although he's kinda weird too), I could actually relate to him, a trait only my Dad, his friend Kira, and I shared, until now.
When I saw the first set of buildings that signaled the start of the town, I looked over my shoulder at him and shouted, "We're here!" 
We skidded to a halt, like a herd of cattle trying to keep from a taking a dive over the cliff. When we arrived, I pulled him over to anybody that I knew to introduce him. Ben resisted at first, but I yanked him once more, forcing him to be social. 
He seemed seriously frightened…maybe he wasn’t a people person or something.  I looked him in the eyes, trying to reassure him.  
"Come on! I want you to meet everybody!" I said.  
I began to skip down the sidewalk with Ben stumbling along behind me, stopping every so often to introduce people to him,
 "Hi Mrs. James! This is Ben Blake!  He's my best friend!" 
"Hi there! I don't know you that well but this is Ben!" 
 "This is my new buddy! Wave and say hi Ben!" I looked back at him to see his response. 
 He nervously complied and waved.  Gosh, this guy was such a party-pooper.  He needed to brighten up…and quick.  
“We’re almost to my Dad’s house.” I told him, "Just be very receptive and polite, and maybe he won’t throw you out.  Remember, the goal is to stay with me tonight…”
He stared at me, bewildered and confused,  “What do you mean, ‘stay with you’?”
“Like to be able to stay in my room with me…to spend the night.” I looked at him like he was crazy. 
Ben’s face turned deathly pale, “Why would your Dad allow that? You just met me first of all, and second of all…he’s a Dad.  Why on Earth would he let anybody stay with his daughter? Are you nuts???” 
I laughed.  Honestly he didn’t know much about Zachariel...well actually, he did threaten to vaporize that one guy (Yes, the one that complimented my non-existent shoes) that came knocking at my house…but that's beside the point, and Ben is not that guy.  I know Dad would be fair to him...or at least I hoped so. 
I tried to give him a reassuring answer, “Well…my Dad is a pretty accepting guy.  And I’m sure you’ll do fine.” I couldn’t really tell how Zachariel would actually react, but I had to have faith that it would go well…
...

 Ariana and I finally arrived at her house.  It was a humble little building made out of wood, but it had this sort of look, where it represented nature so well you could hardly tell that it was even a house.  The frames were covered in vines, with several illustrious flowers blooming from it.  It was impressive…as a matter of fact, very impressive.  It showed off and it looked comfy, kind of like a cottage-in-the-woods type thing.  Despite its awesomeness, it seemed very…weird.  Like seriously, who (besides nature fanatics) has flowers on their house? I mean, unless John Lennon and The Beatles lived there.
It was then that I decided Ariana and her Dad -or the designer of the house- must be hippies of some type. 
Magical hippies, I thought as I rolled my eyes, Wow…what’s next? Angels? 
 She opened the door and shouted, "Dad! I'm home! I have a new friend with me!"
 Her father stepped outside from the living room.  He was dressed in a simple white cloth garb with a golden belt embroidered with multiple angelic symbols.  Out of his back stretched two even mandibles, covered in white feathers.  He had short, brown hair with a beard, and sharp, discerning green eyes.  He raised his eyebrows in false surprise at his adopted daughter's new friend, which happened to be me, “Oh, so this is your new friend I've heard so much about?"
So he IS an angel.  Crap.  I really need to stop pushing my luck.
Ariana looked shocked, "How did you know..?"
He chuckled in a deep, yet vastly intelligent voice, "Chief of the village and your father, remember?  Nothing gets past me."
Ariana smacked herself in the head.  She must have felt dumb for forgetting such an important detail, “Well duh...I forgot.  Anyways, this is Ben Blake!  Ben, this is my father, Zachariel.  Come on buddy, don't be shy!" She tried to push me toward her father, but I was being a stubborn ass and decided not to budge. 
I gave a small, nervous wave, "Hi..." I said simply. 
“Hello.” He said, “My name is Zachariel.  I am an angel.”
An angel? Mother of God, off all things that could have possibly happened, her father -or adopted father, whatever- was an angel.  I mentally prepared myself to be vaporized on the spot by holy fire or something like that.  I honestly felt shocked, considering that I had never cared for religious stuff anyway, and yet here I was, talking to an angel. 
Zachariel laughed, grabbed my hand and shook it.  He studied me as we shook hands, "Nice to meet you, boy. Welcome to my humble home…”
I stared at him suspiciously.  Maybe he wanted to dispatch me nicely...or give me a chance to say my prayers. 
Zachariel seemed to find this funny, “Oh, Don't worry; I'm not like other fathers you may have met down on Earth.”
Obviously not.  Dads down on Earth are far from being angels, both literally and figuratively.
"Besides..." He quipped, "I have a very different and fancy way of dispatching boys that my daughter introduces me to."
I stared blankly in fear.  
Zachariel noticed that his intimidation scheme was working, then laughed, "Oh relax, Ben! I'm simply playing a little joke..." 
A "joke"? Didn't seem like a "joke" to me...
“What do you mean..? I was sort of expecting to get…”
“Vaporized?" Zachariel asked, "No, I won’t do that…you have nothing to fear from me...if you have nothing to hide.” He answered, sporting a half-grin.
I sighed with relief, but I still felt super nervous.  But still, I couldn't hide anything if I couldn't remember anything.  So far, I was going to live. 
Then Ariana randomly perked up, “Hey can he stay with us tonight?”
The three of us stared at each other awkwardly. Whatever understanding Zachariel and I had come to, chances are Ariana's little suggestion had shattered it. 
Zachariel and Ariana stared at each other, sharing some sort of unspoken words, as if they had telepathy or something. 
He firmly put his hand on my shoulder, “Ariana and I are going to discuss this…privately.” He shot a small, suspicious look at Ariana.  Then he removed his hand and pointed to the door, “If you would please step outside for a moment Mr. Blake…I promise this won’t be long.”
I obeyed without hesitation, mostly because I didn’t want to be a casualty in whatever "war of the words" that was about to take place.  Secondly, there was no getting between a father and his daughter…I somehow knew that from experience. 
But how did I know that? I couldn’t remember anything…and when I tried, my brain just went into fuzz mode again…I felt like a partially blind person without glasses trying to read a dictionary. It was frustrating. 
I just gave up, shaking my head to get the mental fuzziness out of my brain.  Instead, I focused on the argument going on between Ariana and her Dad.
I heard bits and pieces as they argued, 
“Wait a minute Ari…you found him in a forest, hang out with him for a few hours, and now all of a sudden you want him to stay here…with you?”
“Yes Dad!  I know he won’t hurt me or anything!”
"It's not what he'll do that frightens me...he seems like an alright boy so far, but the fact remains that you don't know where he is from..."
"Exactly Dad! Plus, he has nowhere to stay tonight…"
"Ari...listen..."
"Pleeeeease..?" 
After that, no noise erupted from them. Based on the silence, I guessed that Ariana had deployed her man-enslaving begging look...apparently it worked on angels too.  
I heard Zachariel sigh, “Ugh, fine...He can stay tonight, but ONLY tonight, you hear me?  After that, he’s out of here.” 
He opened the door and beckoned for me to come in, 
“You can stay with Ariana tonight.  But tonight ONLY, okay?"
I nodded quickly in acknowledgment, "Yes sir...umm…thank you." I put my hands together and quickly bowed, but immediately straightened up once I remembered that Zachariel wasn't oriental.  My face burned a bright red from embarrassment, and I cringed at my stupidity. 
 He stared suspiciously and returned the nod, "By the way, she's actually supposed to play in the village celebration tonight..." He then turned to Ariana and shot her a look, "...right?"
Ariana jumped, suddenly remembering.  "Oh yeah...umm I’ll go get ready then...bye Ben! I'll see you at the festival!" She skipped toward the back of the house, and closed herself in her room.  The sound of a violin was heard after that. 
I think I just got abandoned by Ariana. I seriously hope angels are as nice as everyone says…if not, I was doomed. 
After a moment of awkward silence, Zachariel turned to me, about to speak until I interrupted him, "So just so we’re clear, no shotgun pointed at my face, no disapproval...right?"
Ariana's voice was heard from the back room, "Dad? What's a shotgun?"
 Zachariel shouted back, "Don't worry about it Ari! Just keep practicing!  I'm sure you want to impress your little boyfriend here!"
 There was a brief silence, and then the sound of a violin was heard once again.
Zachariel smiled in a trolling satisfaction.  "That's better.  Now Mr. Ben, I'll spare you the shotgun, but the disapproval may differ...let's take our conversation outside shall we?" He gestured to the door, so I went outside first, followed by Zachariel.
Uh oh…I thought to myself.  Maybe this is the part where he plans to vaporize me…maybe blame on an accident or something.  I’m sure he would have spared me, had Ariana NOT asked if I could stay the night. Not even a day in and my new "best friend" gets me killed.  Great…
Zachariel began walking down the sidewalk, his wings folded and held in close to his back.  Upon realizing that I hadn’t moved yet, he sighed in annoyance and motioned for me to follow him, 
“Oh, come on Ben…I told you earlier that I don’t want to vaporize you.  I just want to talk.  I have some questions for you.” 
I followed him down the sidewalk, waiting for him to strike up this inevitable conversation that we were supposedly destined to have. 
“Well…I suppose I’d better introduce you to our little town.  This place is Riverglade village.  We have some nice townsfolk here.”
The streets were busy, not exactly full, but still busy, as if the entire town anticipated the upcoming feast.  Zachariel strode down the roads with me close at heel. 
“Nice town you have here.” I remarked.  The buildings themselves were no more than two stories tall, and each one had a different style of architecture and a different purpose. For example, there were two restaurants side by side, one that was made of red brick, and another that was made of wood.
He nodded, “Indeed it is.  Now that I have gotten these pleasantries over with, it time for some questions…first of all, who are you really?”
I exhaled sharply in anticipation of this question, which I knew was coming. “All I know at this point is that my name is Benjamin Blake…I try to remember everything else, but my mind becomes a blur and I can’t focus.  I know I have an identity -a full name- but I can’t remember what it is.  I’m sorry, that’s all I can tell you at this point.”
Zachariel stared at me, “You’re telling the truth, aren’t you?”
I nodded my head yes. 
Zachariel let out a short grunt of disappointment, as if I had robbed him of the chance to personally investigate my whole life, like one of those murder-mystery TV shows, “Well…if that is true, then I suspect you don’t know how you got here either.” He theorized. 
I shook my head. I could tell that I was seriously starting to ruffle this guy’s feathers (literally) and all it required was to exist.
 Zachariel sighed, “Well as I’ve stated earlier, I will allow you to stay with Ariana tonight.  I know nothing will happen to my daughter One: Despite how...strange... you are, I sense you are a different kind of man, Two: it is actually almost impossible to commit any sexual acts in this realm, so I wouldn’t bother trying, even if you could..."
Out of curiosity, I actually tried to think about it.  Instantly an image of Dikembe Mutumbo wagging his finger appeared in my head, saying, No, no, no, not in my house...
I shook myself out of it, slightly shocked and slightly amused.  I'll admit, whoever came up with that was clever and had a slightly demented sense of humor. 
Zachariel continued his speech, "...And Three: I can see that Ariana really cares for you.  From what she has told me, she has never had a friend like you before...despite the fact that you just met her, she seems to act as if she had known you forever…” He paused for a moment, “She is generally adored by the townsfolk.  However, in case you may be wondering, the males stay away from her...mostly because of me, but also she has not found her ‘other half’ so to speak. She has simply rejected any boy that came to her doorstep.  I find it to be quite odd, and surprisingly pleasant until you came along, so therefore there must be something different about you...and believe it or not...” He quickly glanced at me, "...It is most likely good thing." He stated almost reluctantly. 
Call me Mr. Obvious, but it sounded as if he actually approves of me, but then again it could be my imagination. After all, even I didn't know who I was...but as far as first impressions go, I thought I was alright so far.
"But wait...of everybody, why did she find me..?" I asked. 
Zachariel shrugged, “That I don’t know…such a thought somewhat frightens me.  However I DO know from raising her that she is a truly unique girl...according to Ariana, you two apparently get along so well, I'm even certain that she would have met you on Earth, had she lived..."
I looked at him blankly in confusion, "What do you mean, 'had she lived?' Is she human like me?"
Zachariel sighed sadly, "It’s a sad story, really...you see, her parents were not the loving type. She never made it out of the womb."
I was honestly shocked, "She was aborted..?"
Zachariel nodded sadly. "Such a shame, really...that would have been one more light for the world...but still, I brought her here and I raised her.  She is a beautiful soul, really."
I smiled.  I knew that was true. "I know...she really is.  But I also have questions...like what is this 'realm' that I'm in?"
Zachariel had a puzzled look in his eyes, as if he were contemplating the quantum physics behind the universe or something like that, "Well this 'realm', as a whole, is called New Eden or simply “Eden” -named after the former garden- for short.  It serves as a middle realm, between the final realm, and Earth. Some even call it the “Second Heaven”.  It is within your world...yet it isn't.  It’s truly something all its own. This realm, unlike The Final Realm, was made after the rebellion.  Now “Eden” is a separate entity from Earth, but both realms maintain similarities to each other for some odd reason.  But unlike Eden, which is generally more peaceful, Earth is a war zone, with angels, demons, humans, and many other kinds.  It is truly frightening to contemplate...and even worse to experience.  There, they fight the worst horrors imaginable...and I mean more than just demons." he said, staring into space as if he were about to digress into some war story. 
"And here?" I asked.
Zachariel shook himself out of it, "Here, however, in New Eden, these benevolent souls live, and I help guard them and govern them.  Demon influence is down to a minimum, because we the angels guard the people, so that they may live the life that they were meant to live, before transcending to The Final Realm, when the Creator decides to take them."
I looked to the side, and saw a couple playfully chasing a child across the street, "Hey wait...if you-know-what isn't possible in Eden, then why is that family here?"
Zachariel glanced over at them, "Well I did say almost.  That particular couple adopted that child, after he was sent here.  Many families that you may see here, the children are either adopted, or the family all died together.  Eventually they will pass on, and that child will grow, and adopt a new, incoming child.  It's a nice cycle...everybody seems to be truly happy here.  After all, this IS a real reality, just as real as the soil of the Earth or the clouds of the heavens..." He finished in a rather poetic tone, looking up at the planet in the sky. 
I nodded in acknowledgment. “Yeah…so have you been there? To Earth?”
Zachariel grimaced. Indicating that I had obviously triggered a trauma of some sort, “Yes…” he said slowly, “Yes I have.”
That was obviously a signal to stop.  Time to move on to a new subject.
“So…how does the whole life and death thing work here?” I asked. 
Again, Zachariel had that puzzled look in his eyes, “Well provided they don’t get attacked and killed people -they will rest in death should they be killed- to live for extremely long periods of time.  Like I said earlier, this is a middle realm of sorts.  I suppose one could say that it’s like Earth before the rebellion…before a certain someone bit the apple, so to speak.  So yes, you could still technically die –again- but life here is considerably extended, as it was meant to be. If it is easier for you, you can consider it a mix of The Final Realm and Earth...although that's not entirely accurate.  Only The Creator knows everything about this realm. ”
I was confused, but I decided against asking for a better explanation. "Yeah I see...” I said, “So that's what that giant planet thing is up there? Earth?" I asked as I gestured toward it. 
Zachariel shrugged, "Or its astral form. Honestly, I could never figure out which.  Never had the time to find out, either.  Such a shame, really...this realm is so fascinating in so many ways, it baffles even me..."
I still felt confused.  The way this guy spoke, I couldn’t tell if he was talking about this realm or quoting Origin of the Species.  Although I couldn't really imagine an angel thinking about evolution...I think that's like an oxymoron or something. 
“So...do you have any idea how I got here? Or why I'm here..?” I asked him. 
Zachariel shook his head. “Unfortunately, no.  Sorry Ben...” His left wing fluttered in what I figured to be frustration, "As much as I wish I did." 
“Alright...well can you at least point me in the right direction after I leave tomorrow..?” I asked.  If I was going to leave, then I might as well ask for the right way. 
Zachariel scratched his beard in deep thought and his eyes narrowed as he assessed me, “Actually...maybe you should stay here for a few more days.”
“Really..? Well um...thanks Mr. Zachariel...”
Zachariel waved his hand as if to dismiss the gratitude, “It's no problem. After all...” He stared me straight in the eyes, “It'll be interesting to see what happens next...There's so much more about you to be learned...”
I stood completely still, as if paralyzed by his gaze.  I suddenly felt like a lab rat. 
 Then Zachariel directed my attention straight ahead.  “Look; we're at the town square.  Let's find a seat; Ariana should be on in a few minutes."
I nodded and continued to walk with Zachariel to the town square.  The festival was about to begin. 
Chapter 3
Beauty of music
The area we had arrived in was a circular meeting place in the center of the town.  On the side there was a large tree which overshadowed part of the place. On the tree there were several lanterns, each lit with a different color flame.  Also, from its branches hung several draping decorations, such as colored tinsel and other various objects. It was already relatively full of people, but there were still a few spots left to sit down.  
I leaned over and whispered in Zachariel's ear, "This is a town circle, not a square." I sarcastically remarked.
Zachariel rolled his eyes, "Just find your seat, boy.  Don't give me an actual excuse to use my sword." He said as he shoved me away from his ear. 
Yep, no argument there, I thought.  I figured it would be better to just find my seat than being shish-kabobbed by an angel. 
Zachariel broke off from me and sat in the back, on a pedestal that (I assumed) belonged to the chief.  I, on the other hand, sat in the front, deciding to sit on the ground crisscross-apple-sauce, instead of sitting in a chair. 
Everyone was chatting away nonchalantly.  Some people even leaned over and tried to talk to me, saying things like, "You're gonna love Ariana!" Or "Ariana is the best part of the festival!”
That was more than obvious, but being a newbie to New Eden, I politely agreed.  Other than the little bit I had heard earlier, I had never really heard Ariana play before...at least not in the way I had it described to me. 
 I sat there patiently for about an hour, waiting for the Ariana's ‘acclaimed’ performance to arrive.  Just like a concert on Earth (albeit with a lot less people, which made it pleasantly less crowded), people chatted away and carried on in conversation, passing the time until the event started.  Personally, I was ready to just get this show in the road. 
I instinctively looked at my wrist to check the time. Then I smacked myself in the head for being that idiotic.
Right. Spirit realm. No watch.
I tried everything to entertain myself.  I tried listening in on other peoples conversations, I tried thinking of anything to keep my mind from the fact that Ariana wasn’t there yet. 
Come on Ariana…where are you??? I thought.  If I had to wait any longer, my brain might have exploded out of pure annoyance. 
Suddenly, all the noise died down.  Everyone faced forward as the light from the planetary form in the sky illuminated the circle.  Then Ariana walked gracefully into the light.  She had her violin and bow at the ready, and she wore a pure white dress that was illuminated by the light from above, and under it she wore a set of dark, tight jeans.  Her hair was tied in a cute, curly ponytail, and her eyes glittered in the moonlight. 
I sat there, breathing heavily.  Forget the sentence about eight or nine lines above this one, my brain was about to explode now out of anticipation...
She took a quick but courteous bow, and then moved her bow to meet the strings of her violin.  She paused for a moment, and then she drew the bow across the strings slowly, echoing a beautiful noise that made my heart leap. 
Oh boy…here we go, I thought. 
Then she sped up her performance, the beat of the song becoming more quick and cheery.  She began to dance around as she played, each motion she took correlated to a note she played on her violin.  She smiled brightly, which made her skin glow even more.  She met my eyes as I watched her, and for a short time never broke the eye contact, even we she was dancing around.  She twirled around and continued her graceful dance as everybody -especially me- looked on. 
Wow, I thought to myself, she isn't just performing...this girl is enjoying it. 
She leapt onto a nearby rock and back off again, still drawing her strings wildly against her violin.  Her feet paused for a moment, but her music kept speeding up.  Then it took a dramatic and beautiful decline, slowing its pace until Ariana finished it with a long note.
She then concluded her performance, taking a lovely bow.  She then ran over to me and sat down, acting all excited like a nerd at Comic Con.  
She turned to me and asked, "Hey Ben!  How was it?  Did you think it was good?" 
I laughed heartily, "Is that a trick question? Of course it was good Ariana! I have never heard...or seen...anything like that before!"
I really hadn’t.  That was so mind-blowing that I had to remind myself to breathe.  I would also have to remind myself to bring an inhaler or an oxygen tank the next time she did that. 
Ariana giggled and then whispered in my ear, "This is kinda awkward, but umm..." She moved next to my ear and whispered into it, "I made that song just for you Ben..."
My eyes widened in surprise as I heard these words, because one: Nobody ever made a song for me before...much less been a friend.  Two: It’s not very often that someone makes a song up in an hour and plays it without a single flaw.  The more I learned about Ariana, the less I was sure that any of this was even real...
"So do you have a name for that song?" I asked out of curiosity.
Ariana pondered it for a second,  then shrugged, "Actually I don't..." She nudged me with her elbow, "Do you have any ideas Ben?" 
I shrugged as well, "Ehhh...not really...sorry." 
Ariana half-frowned, "Awww...we'll think of something later down the line..." She held out her hand and closed all the fingers, except for her pinky. "Pinky promise? Every song needs a name..." She babbled cutely. 
I decided to brighten up and locked pinkies with her, “Promise." I said. 
Ariana smiled at me.  Then the sound of instruments began playing from the band that had just arrived, and Ariana suddenly was on her feet, then she grabbed my hands and pulled me up.  She led me to the dance floor, where she put my right hand to her waist, and elevated my left hand in the air.  
“Whoa! What are you doing?” I asked in surprise. 
“Just go with it Mr. Ben!” She cried happily. 
Before I could even ask why she called me “Mr. Ben” like her father, she led me in dancing to the music.  Instead of fighting like I actually would, I just went along with it like she said…and to my surprise I was actually having fun.  Dancing with Ariana was like playing and chasing a childhood friend around a tree, only we were in front of each other and music blared, egging us on and causing to dance even more. 
We spun around in circles constantly, both of us laughing like kids on a playground.  Ariana took a few missteps on purpose just to irk me, and I got a small revenge by spinning the pair of us around faster. 
"HAHAHAHAHA OH MY GOSH BEN!!! DON'T SPIN AROUND SO FAST! AHAHAHAHA WHOOHOOO!!!" Ariana said hysterically, shouting over the loud music. 
"HEY, YOU'RE SUPPOSED TO BE LEADING ARIANA!" I said, laughing along with her. 
"NO, THAT'S NOT IT! THE GUY IS SUPPOSED TO LEAD, NOT THE GIRL..." Ariana said, still laughing.  We were both laughing so much from the ridiculousness of it all, that I was sure we would both die from lack of oxygen.  But then again, this was a different realm from Earth, where people don't die often...
So party on, I thought to myself. 
At Ariana's behest, I took the lead in our dancing.  We danced fairly well, but for me it really depended on the type of music. For example, a strange, polka-style song came on, which Ariana made me dance to.  We locked arms and spun around, but ultimately she sent me whirling into the crowd...and at the foot of Zachariel. 
I looked up at him, "Umm...Hello sir..."
Zachariel stared down at me. "Oh, so you wish to dance with me, huh?"
Oh crap…I thought.
I immediately got to my feet and tried to make excuses, "Well...you see...I'm uhhh...I..."
"Well do you?" He demanded. 
I stood there silent. 
Zachariel broke his bearing and busted out laughing, "I'm messing with you, Ben...you can go back to dancing with Ariana...as long as you behave." He finished coldly, and with a smirk.  From his expression told me, he wasn't done with his little "intimidation game."
I nodded quickly and ran back to Ariana. She was giggling so hard that she could give the Pillsbury Dough Boy a run for his money.  
Despite the fact that my face was now a burning red, I just grabbed her hand again and half-danced with her as she made fun of me.  I eventually lightened up, laughed at my stupidity and went back to dancing fully. 
As the music changed types constantly, so did our dancing.  The first one was a tango-style song, (which I was decent, but not great at), the second one, however was more my speed, quick and catchy.
As we danced the music sped up, soon starting to outpace us.  Ariana tripped over my foot and landed on her butt, taking me down with her. 
“Ow! Hey..!”
“Sorry didn’t mean to…ow!” 
We stared at each other for a solid second, and then busted out laughing.  Neither of us could figure out what was so funny, but all I knew was that this was fun.  Whether it was all real or not, I was really enjoying it. 
I stood up to my feet and helped Ariana up as well; both of us still chuckling like a bunch of seagulls.  Once we got up, we found a spot outside of the party to sit down and rest. 
Ariana plopped down on the bench and let her hair tumble down to her shoulders, “That was fun!  I’ve never had anyone dance with me like that before…” She exclaimed, “And I also didn’t know you could dance!” She elbowed me in the side lightly, “That was pretty good Ben!” 
I shrugged, “The funny thing is…I didn’t know I could dance either…”
Ariana seemed surprised. “Really…?”
“Yeah. In fact I haven’t even smiled in a long time until I came here and met you…” 
Ariana turned her head away, and I could swear that she was blushing.  She looked back at me and asked, “Wait a minute…you said you haven’t smiled in a long time…so…where are you from exactly?” 
“Earth…it’s weird, I can remember bits and pieces, but it seems all jumbled up for some reason, like a camera lens that refuses to focus.  Know what I mean?” 
She shrugged. “Sort of…I don’t know what a camera lens is, and I don’t know much about Earth.  Zachariel tells me I’m actually from Earth but it really doesn’t seem like it…and I’m sorry about your memories Ben.” She frowned, “I hope they come back soon.” 
I nodded and gave a half-hearted smile. “Thanks Ariana…” I looked back at her and smiled all the way, and she returned the stare. “Thanks for being…”
I never got to finish my sentence.  Ariana was now latched on to me, hugging me tightly.  She released me from the hug and grabbed my wrist, “Come on Ben…there’s one more thing I want to show you before the day ends!” She said as she gripped my wrist tighter and grabbed her violin bag.  
I scratched my head in curiosity.  First, she had shown me a bunch of fish.  After that, she showed me the sunset.  Next, she introduced me to her angel Dad, who had desires to vaporize me and reduce me to ash.  God only knows what this girl was going to do next...
I shook my head. In spite of all that, I was enjoying my time with Ariana, so I dismissed all the doubtful thoughts from my head.  In the end, I smiled, and went along with her gladly.
Chapter 4
The Jackdaw’s Shadow
I ran swiftly with Ben in tow, the pair of us flying along the ground like a pair of doves crossing a church sanctuary.  I liked the fact that he was actually running with me this time, and not daydreaming like he had the first two times.  I was beginning to get annoyed that I had to drag him everywhere…
But now that I think about it, he was worth dragging everywhere.  Just having him around made me feel like the missing piece to the puzzle of my life had been completed…adding to the fact that I had found the perfect dance partner.
I looked upward at the sky through the canopy.  It was almost three hours past sunset, judging from the heavens.  That meant that it would be the perfect time to show Ben the night sky that the festival was being held for. 
I looked away for a little bit and remembered my time with Ben throughout the whole day.  I remembered randomly finding him in the forest, hanging out with him under the tree, and the way he looked sooo scared when I threw him (not on purpose, but it was so funny that it might as well have been) toward Dad, and the look on his face when Dad jokingly asked him to dance...
I broke my chain of thought and looked back at him.  He was grinning happily…no…competitively…as if he were trying to win a race of some sort. 
Ben ran up alongside, surprising me, considering that I was, and always has been, the fastest pair of feet in Riverglade village.  But now, it would appear that I had a challenger...
“On your left!” He shouted, oblivious to the fact that he was actually on my right side. 
I called out to him, taunting him “Ha! Not such a slow-poke after all!” I threw a handful of leaves that I had grabbed from a tree at him just to distract him. 
Well...in all honesty he was a pretty quick guy. Earlier, he probably just felt suspicious about being dragged along by a girl he just met.  I didn't know how things worked on Earth, but I was positive that it probably didn’t happen often.
He avoided the leaves, looked at me, and grinned.  He had soft, gray eyes that reminded me of an overcast cloud with the sunlight breaching it.  When he ran, the wind blew through his jet black hair, reminding me of my friend, a sly bird called the jackdaw, which I had seen every day in the forest, until…his arrival.  
Funny…I thought, I could have sworn that bird had gray eyes just like him…
I looked back at him.  As he ran, I could imagine that jackdaw in flight through the forest, he jet black wings a mere blur as he swooped through the canopy.  His dark clothes added further fuel to my imagination, so that I was seeing a dark blur, speeding through the forest next to me.   He avoided a tree branch as I dwelt into my thoughts.  
My eyes widened.  It was a ridiculous thought, but maybe somehow…Ben was that jackdaw…or part of him…or something.  Either way, the striking similarities between the two were undeniable.  Maybe Ben was a magical being who could transform into different animals or something.
I quickly dismissed the thought, considering that there weren’t any shape shifters here in New Eden, or the whole universe as far as I could tell.  I mean, angels could look like regular people if they chose to, but I was pretty certain that Ben wasn't an angel, considering that he didn't have any wings. 
As if the forest had a personal vendetta against him, Ben avoided yet another incoming tree branch and continued to follow me. 
“How much farther, Ari?” He shouted, annoyed at his rotten luck with mother nature.  
“Not much! Just keep going Birdy! I mean uhh...Benny!” I shouted back. 
I felt like an idiot for calling him Birdy.  "Birdy" was the name I gave to the jackdaw that visited me in the forest.  Whether Ben had anything to do with that bird or not remained to be seen.
Ben shot me a quizzical look as we ran, but then shrugged, obviously dismissing the thought.  
Eventually, we ran out of the tree line and stopped at a cliff overlooking the ocean. The mountains of the west stretched over the horizon, hiding the sun as it descended from the sky, leaving only the astral planet in the atmosphere. 
I took in a deep breath and exhaled.  The smell of the sea filled my nose as I smiled, Yes…I thought, this is the place….
Ben caught up with me as I took off my satchel and went to a nearby tree that partially hung over the cliff.  I began to climb up, motioning for him to follow.  
He groaned, and then complied, following me as I scampered up the tree. During his climb, I shook a few branches to loosen the leaves just to mess with him, which in turn blew into his face.  He had to shake his head and spit just to get the leaves out of his mouth.  
Hehe...gotcha this time...I thought mischievously. 
He shook the rest of leaves out of his hair and face, “Hey! Quit that!” He whined. 
I gave him a mischievous chuckle and continued to scamper up the tree.  When I got up the center part of the tree, I disappeared through a thick portion of leaves and waited. Soon after, Ben followed me through and found himself on a large branch that went directly over the body of water below.
Perfect…Alright Ari, I thought to myself, time to test out our little “jackdaw”...
I held my arms out to both sides for balance, inching myself toward the edge of the branch.  Once I had achieved balance, I put my hand on my hip and taunted him,
“Having fun yet???” I bellowed. 
Ben, however, looked annoyed and afraid for my life and his own, “Can you just tell me what you brought me here for?” He nearly fell into the water below, but managed to stop himself, crouching down and gripping the branch in fear.  He looked up at me and gave me a terrified gaze. 
Well originally, I had planned on bringing him just to show him the seaside and sky view, but after getting a good look at his gray eyes…I just couldn’t resist doing this. Sure, it sounded strange, and slightly stupid, but every fiber of my bone was bent on doing this.  I was going to go through with it, no matter how idiotic it made me look. 
Ben suddenly realized that there was a large body of water below the cliff that shimmered from the light of the planet in the sky.  Unlike me, Ben probably saw it as something else. 
 “Well you see..." I shouted out to him, "I couldn’t help but notice something when we were running earlier…so I brought you here for a little test…” I grinned mischievously. 
“Oh crap…” he remarked. 
I inched myself further along the branch.  My clothing shifted to my normal green shirt and knee-length jeans.  
"Oh god, please don't..." Ben begged. 
 I walked all the way out and leapt over falling off the branch toward the water.  “Catch me if you can! WHOOO HOOOO!!!!” I shouted as I fell. 
I closed my eyes as I splashed down in the water, I felt the air bubbles breeze past my face as I continued to go deeper into the crystal-clear water.  A curious fish had swam up to me, but zipped away after I tried to touch it. 
I took a moment to let the bubbles stimulate my senses, and then I paused and looked upward at the sunlight that was shining through the water.  The water distorted it some, but I could still see the branch up on the cliff, and Ben moving his head around, trying to see me. 
I surfaced and looked up at Ben, “Come on! Hurry up!” 
Upon realizing that I was okay, He rolled his eyes, took several quick, nervous breaths, and leapt after me.  He spread his arms out and put his feet together as he fell gracefully.  As he jumped, he looked like a bird of prey doing a dive bomb.
I watched in amazement...perhaps thinking that Ben was the jackdaw was crazy, to think that he used to be a bird and everything, but after seeing him in flight, I was positive that he had some sort of connection to that bird...whether he was some sort of shape shifter or not.  
Only one more thing to check…
Ben surfaced from below the water, his black hair now soaking wet.  He looked at me and shot me an annoyed look, 
“I hate trees.” He said. 
“I can tell” I sarcastically remarked. 
“Well…” He said as he sighed, “I gotcha.  What now?”
I rubbed my chin thoughtfully.  Well…now that I’ve tested that…
I pushed my wet hair out of my face so he could get a good look at me, “So um Ben…have you…ever been a bird before?” 
He looked at me like I just asked the stupidest question in the whole world (which this question probably would have been, but here in Eden pretty much anything could happen, but in spite of everything I was sure he still had no idea what the heck was going on.)
“Well…not that I know of…” Ben said, eying me suspiciously.  The water around Ben began to grow warm, as if someone had stuck a hot coal into the pond.
I rolled my eyes. He was being difficult…
I bopped him on the head, to which he winced and rubbed it, “Come on Ben! Think really hard about it...Have. You. Ever. Been. A. Bird. Before?”  I enunciated each word individually to make my question as crystal clear as the water was. I mean, sure it’s a stupid question (I have my reasons) but was it not stated clearly? 
"Um...I'm not sure what you mean..." Ben said, giving me yet another questioning look.  He sunk further into the water as if to avoid my questioning gaze. 
I asked it like it was a simple question, which it was! Benny, however, really didn’t seem to understand what was going on.  After all, as far as he knew, he had probably never been a bird in his life.  Not only that, he probably thought that I was a hallucinating psychopath as well. 
As he began to doze off into his thoughts, a splash of water from me brought him back to reality…or at least this reality anyway.  Either way, it really annoyed him.  
He shook his head and shouted, “Hey stop that!  That’s getting on my nerves…”
"Awww is the baby gonna cry..?" I teased. 
"For real though..." He said, wiping some of the water from his face.  It didn't do him much good anyway, since his whole body was already soaked.  
I just sighed and stared at him blankly, “Answer my question please…”
He sighed warily, “Well no…but I have had dreams of being carried by a bird before though.  I was flying through a forest…that’s all.  I mean, who doesn’t have dreams about flying?” 
"So you haven't..?" I asked, my voice on the verge of disappointment. 
"Nope...sorry..." He replied, his voice trailing off. 
Dang it.  That was close enough I suppose.
I nodded, acting like I was satisfied.  Although I would have preferred a more in-depth answer, Ben didn't seem like he was going to give in anytime soon, “Well I was just wondering…”
Ben shrugged it off, “It’s alright Ariana.  It was confusing though, I'll admit.  I thought you had gone nuts or something when you jumped off of the branch...”
"Well...I may be a little bit crazy..." I said, winking at him jokingly. 
Ben stared at me blankly, and then began to swim to shore with a mystified and utterly confused look on his face.  
I too began to swim to shore, though I was wary of the awkwardness I had just generated.  I guess I was going too hard on him.  After all, it was only his first day here, and it must have taken its toll.  
I swam over and shook him out of his trance, “Hey Ben...it's getting late let’s go ahead and head back home.”
I could tell by the look on Ben’s face that he agreed. We had a great day and everything (at least from my perspective), but from what I could tell he was starting to feel a little sleepy, albeit wierded out as well.  
The pair of us swam to shore, splashing each other a few times just to irk each other...well actually, it was mostly me.  I guess I was trying to replicate our splash war from earlier.  Apparently Ben wasn't getting the idea. 
As I waded out of the water, I looked back to make sure Ben hadn't run away or something.  I would have felt extremely embarrassed and slightly angry if Benny had decided to bail on me. 
I called to him, "Hey Ben, you still with me?"
"Yeah I'm still here...I'm tired though..." He answered. 
I sighed with relief that I hadn't scared him off. I grabbed his arm as he waded to shore and yanked him onto the land. 
"So is your Dad going to be mad about us staying out late?" Ben asked, brushing off some of the sand from his elbows.  
"Naw...he should be okay with it." I reassured him.  Dad was pretty much okay with anything I did. Why would this give him reason to be otherwise?
Ben and I walked up to the rope ladder that lined the edge of the cliff. 
We both climbed up the rope, and back unto the cliff where the tree was.  After we got back up, Ben collapsed on the ground from exhaustion and shut his eyes, taking in deep breaths. 
Awww come on Ben...this is not the place to sleep! I thought to myself, beginning to feel aggravated. 
I nudged him with my foot, "Hey...wake up." I told him. 
Ben groaned in annoyance and moved to where he was laying on his side.  In response to that, I pulled out my violin and bow and proceeded to grind the E string at the highest note, producing an eerie sound that pretty much nobody could stand.  
Ben immediately sat up, clutching his ears, "OWWW!! Ariana..." He complained, getting up from the grass. 
I stared at him blankly, "I know you're tired Ben...but let's just make it to my house first, alright?"
Ben nodded, "Yeah alright..."
I shoved my violin and bow into my satchel and we headed back to the village, both of us ready for a good night's sleep...
Chapter 5
Awkward Moments
Once Ariana and I had arrived at the village, we began to walk more slowly.  And I was glad, because I felt tired, slightly wierded out, and somewhat afraid.  
Many thoughts plagued me; what if this is all just a pleasant dream?  What if it wasn’t real?  Would I have to go back to my old life…?
I looked around, noticing that the streets were near-empty.  Then I looked at Ariana.  Naturally, she didn’t seem tired at all…just her usual, perky self.  She lightly skipped down the sidewalk for a second, only to notice that I was dragging my feet along the ground, and not skipping with her, so she stopped.  There was an awkward silence between us until we reached her house.  
Ariana held the door open for me and said, “Home sweet home!”
I looked at her and gave her a half-smile.  I walked into the house, and Ariana led me toward her room.  She opened the door and walked in.  I, however, refused to budge.  I knew where this road led to, and getting vaporized by a pissed off Zachariel wasn't exactly at the top of my "To do" list. 
She gave me a quizzical look, and then said, “What’s wrong Ben?”
I suddenly found the floor to be very interesting, “Ummm…I know that I just met you and stuff…but shouldn’t we ask your Dad before I go in there?”
“We did earlier, smart one.  Now what’s the hold up?”
I shifted my feet nervously, “Um…well…isn't there another room?”
Ariana scoffed, "Sort of...but it’s a broom closest.  Dad doesn't sleep, he just goes out on patrol.  Now come on, what’s the hold up???"
A voice erupted from the kitchen, which I assumed belonged to Zachariel, “Go ahead Ben!  We already had our little ‘talk’!  Also this is a spiritual realm, remember? Can’t do that here…”
He was right about one thing.  Whoever came up with that as a means to prevent such thoughts was a serious troll...but at the same time, I was glad I couldn't try anything.  I mean, it's better than getting blown up. 
Ariana seemed even more confused, “What stuff..?” She asked, frustrated. 
I waved my hands around, motioning for Ariana to forget the subject. “Just…don’t worry about it…I’ll tell you about it later I guess.”
Again Zachariel’s voice erupted from the room, “Ahem!  Now THAT is my job!”
“Sorry…”
“And another thing!  If I were a father on Earth, I'm sure I would have nagged Ariana and shot you for staying out so late...” Zachariel said.  From the tone of his voice, it sounded more sarcastic than angry.   
"DAD!!!" Ariana chimed angrily.
Okay, guess I won’t.  There was no point in arguing with an angel...well, unless I wanted to become holy barbeque.  If the little cherub wanted to teach his kid the birds and the bees, it was up to him, not me.  I guess it didn't really matter in a realm where any naughty thoughts were replaced by a basketball player wagging a finger. 
 I let the thought drift from my mind, walked into the room and raised my eyebrows in surprise.  Ariana’s room was fairly simple; the exact opposite of what I expected –or imagined- it to be.  There was a small recliner in the corner near the door, with a dusty pile of books on it.  In the other corner, there was the bed, covered with a black and white striped sheet, and a single pillow. The wooden frame had musical notes painted all over it, in a different array of colors.  
Nice. Very…musical, I thought to myself. 
There wasn’t much else to the room.  On the opposite wall there was just a portrait of a maple tree, alone on a hill overlooking a vast forest, along with a simple, four-paneled window next to the portrait. 
I moved closer and examined the picture in more detail.  I could have sworn that there were two people under the tree.
I turned around and looked at Ariana, “Well this is a nice room you have here.” I tried to be as honest as possible, without revealing the fact that the room wasn’t what I expected it to be. 
Ariana tilted her head and beamed as she took her violin and bow out of the bag and placed them on the chair, “Thanks!” 
“But ummm…where am I supposed to sleep?”
“On the floor.” A voice answered. Zachariel was standing in the doorway.  “I may be letting you stay in her room, but you definitely aren’t sharing the bed. Considering that you two stayed out so late, I would not push your luck.  Keep your distance, Ben.” He said coldly. 
For fear of becoming toast, I immediately backed up from Ariana, afraid that I might have offended Zachariel, “No, no sir…I would never…”
Zachariel chuckled mischievously, “I know you wouldn’t.  You’re better than that, right?  But even though other ‘action’ doesn’t work in New Eden, you still aren’t…what do you humans call it…? Cuddling…?” 
I exhaled in disbelief.  Cuddling? Is he serious? 
 I took a step back “Sir I just met her -and yes we have become really good friends- but why would I do that?” 
The way I saw it, Zachariel was either testing me or making fun of me.  Not very typical of an ‘angel’.  Typical of a father? Yeah.  He may not be human, but he sure has the hang of the whole "antagonistic father" gig. 
Ariana’s head kept turning back and forth as the conversation went on, “What ‘action’? And what’s ‘cuddling’? I’m so lost!”
Both Zachariel and I turned to Ariana and said, “Don’t worry about it!” 
Ariana crossed her arms and pouted, tapping her foot on the floor. 
Zachariel sighed, “Oh the joys of raising a daughter…anyway, I brought you a pillow.” He tossed to me (actually more like threw it at me), I caught it and laid it down on the wooden floor, about 5 feet or so from Ariana’s bed.  From what my feelings would tell me, I had witnessed a Dad's rage before; I sure as hell wasn’t going to piss off an angel...pun intended. 
Zachariel eyed us both, “You two sleep well now…” then he stared me down...hard…like the I-will-send-you-from-this-place-in-a-ball-of-fire-if-you-touch-her stare, “Behave.”  He then briskly left the room. 
I scoffed.  Seriously, this guy and I were having some trust issues.  It was kind of natural, I'll admit, but still...
Ariana un-crossed her arms and laid down on her belly, kicking her legs back and forth in excitement.  “So Ben...what was that all about?” 
Well for starters, I wasn’t going to bother with our little standoff.  As for the other subject…
“Well…Zachariel will tell you about it someday.” I said. “It’s not exactly my place to tell you, although I’m surprised he hasn’t had that conversation with you yet…how old are you anyway?”
“Eighteen.” She responded. Then her eyes widened, “What about you?” 
I shrugged. “Seventeen.” So this chick was one year older than I was. Big deal. “I would have been turning eighteen in November…If…”
My mind blanked out before I could finish my thoughts or words, “I don’t even remember what happened…it’s all a blur.”  
She frowned in pity, “Awe…well I know I said this earlier, but I really hope they come back…”
I gave her a half smile, “Thanks Ari.” I laid down on the ground (which was surprisingly comfortable considering that I was sleeping on wood) and adjusted my pillow to make it even more so.  I didn’t change any of my clothes, considering that I didn’t have any to change into.  
I felt really tired…and confused…and afraid...I was afraid that was all just a dream.  That I would wake up back in wherever I came from…so maybe I couldn’t remember it, but I did know that my life before sucked…and I wasn’t ready to return to it, if that was the case. 
“Well…goodnight Ari.” I looked at her one more time before I closed my eyes and fell into the nightmare…
...

It was happening again.  I was outside of my own body, observing myself…on the floor.  I could tell I was in pain. The look on my face and the blood…there was no denying it.  Whatever happened to me...it must have seriously sucked. 
I saw myself get up, shouting “LILLY! BRING LILLY BACK!!!”
Who was Lilly though?  Every time I tried to remember, my brain fuzzed out and I lost focus…it was like something was preventing me from remembering.  
I followed myself out of the house, watching me stumble and struggle to even walk.  By the way, if you ever have the chance to watch yourself struggle in pain like this, then take my advice and don't.  It's depressing.
Then some guy came over to me (my dream counterpart) and tried to get me to go to the hospital.  I watched as I (again, the other me) refused him and tried to keep walking.
I must’ve wanted this…Lilly…very badly.  But who was she? My girlfriend? No, that wouldn’t make sense…a break up wouldn’t have affected me that bad.  Maybe she was a family member of some sort...
Then my counterpart fell to the ground, closed his eyes, and…died…
I’m dead? How??? And what happened to me…?
Before I could ponder my question further I was pulled out of my dream and into the real world.
 ...

I woke up, discovering that Ariana was on her bed, staring at me.  I felt just a little awkward.
“You talk in your sleep.” She said. 
Well then…I’ll be sure to add that to the list of problems I have, I thought. 
“Well…sorry…hey wait, you were watching me in my sleep?” 
She put her finger in her hair and started curling it sheepishly, “Yeah…just a little bit.”
I stared her down until she gave me an honest answer.
“Okay, okay…I’ve been watching you all night.” She admitted, looking at me through the corner of her eyes to see how I would react. 
Wow. A girl that watches me in my sleep.  I didn’t know whether to feel honored or creeped out.  Like seriously, Ariana was like a female version of Edward from Twilight.  
“Okay…and you haven’t slept? Like at all?” I asked. 
She shook her head, “Nope.  I don’t really need to…I mean I can, but watching you is more interesting than sleeping.” She finished as she beamed at me. 
Ummm…glad to know I’m interesting, I thought, even though I was largely sure I had never received that kind of compliment before. 
I got up and brushed off my clothes.  Actually, I don’t know why I did that.  There’s nothing on my clothes…no dirt, no dust, nada.  Maybe Mr. Clean paid regular dusting visits to this house and swept it spotless.
Ariana got up too. She was wearing a pair of blue, polka-dotted pajamas, complete with cute little doggie slippers.  She undid her hair and let it tumble down to her shoulders, and then she started brushing it out as her pajamas slowly changed into actual day-to-day clothing, which of course was her green shirt and knee-length jeans. 
Once she had brushed her hair, she set the brush on her bed and picked up her purse/satchel thingy (which was different from her violin bag, considering it was much smaller and the fact that her violin and bow was laying on her chair.) 
 Not bothering to ask why her clothes could shape shift, I asked, “You're not taking the violin?” 
Ariana slung the bag over her shoulder, “Not going to the forest today.  Just taking you on a little tour of the town.” She replied with a smile. 
I gave a small nod of approval and walked out of her room, into the kitchen with her, where I sat down at the circular table.
I turned my chair toward Ariana, “So…got anything to eat?”
She walked over to the cabinet, opened it, and proceeded to take out a box of cereal and two bowls. She turned to me and asked, “How about cereal?” 
Considering there wasn’t much of a choice, I said yes and grabbed a bowl from the counter.  I mean, cereal is pretty good and I didn’t want to offend her.  
Ariana poured herself some and sat down at the table with me, passing me the cereal box.  She immediately began eating and talking to me, attempting to spark a conversation. 
“So...” she started, chewing on her food as she talked, “What did you dream about?” 
“Umm…well I had a dream where I died.” I replied blankly, not wanting to talk about it. 
Ariana blinked her eyes, “You died…? Hmm…well that’s…sad.” She stared into her cereal, took a deep breath, and faced me again.  “I really don’t want you to die.”
“Well this actually felt more like a memory, of something that happened before.” I said, "It might be my past coming back to me."  
“Oh…well…anything other than that?” She asked tentatively, as if she were afraid I’d randomly freak out and flip the table. 
I didn’t feel like trying to explain the whole “Lilly” thing, so naturally I improvised, “Nah… nothing else.  It was a pretty short dream.” I said as I took a bite of my cereal. 
She shot me a questioning look, “A short dream eh?  Then why were you shouting ‘Bring Lilly back’?” 
Darn it. Busted…
I sighed, “Okay, well apparently that’s what I was shouting in my dream.  Before I died.  The thing is, I have no clue who Lilly is.”
“Oh…okay.” She momentarily went back to eating her cereal.  We both sat there awkwardly for about five minutes. 
I spoke up, “So…besides touring the town what are we doing today?”
She shrugged. “Well maybe just hang out for a while.  Anything you wanna do?”
“I don't really know the town...so hanging out sounds good.” I replied. 
She beamed at me, “Alrighty!  Hey, are you done with your cereal?” 
I looked down at it.  It was half-eaten and slightly soggy, but I said, “Yeah.”
She put her bowl in the sink and grabbed mine, proceeding to eat out of it.  Man, this girl must’ve liked cereal.
She quickly finished it and put the bowl in the sink, along with the other one. She then grabbed her satchel from the table and grabbed my hand, leading me out the front door.  
Then she sharply turned to me, “Alright Ben…try to be social okay? I’m counting on people to like you…”
“I’m not a very social person…” I remarked. 
“Please? For me…?” She gave me the puppy-dog begging look.
Oh boy…Somehow, I couldn’t resist those baby blues.  
I gave in, “Okay…I’ll try to be social.” 
She smiled at me pleasantly, and then led me into the heart of the town.  It was full of busy people, talking and chatting away normally and engaging in conversation.
She nudged me forward, saying “Come on Ben! Try talking to people.” 
I randomly walked over to a group of gossiping girls, with my hands in my pockets, and awkwardly said, “Hi.”
The (or at least what I assumed to be) leader of the girls turned to me and gave me a large smile. She wore sparkly clothes with the name ALEXIS embroidered across her shirt, and she had long, straight hair that reach to her waist.
“Hey cutie!!! What’s your name?”
Oh crap, I thought, preppy girls.
“Um…my name is…uhhh...” I waved my hands around, trying to form words. 
She shook my hand.  She had a surprisingly strong grip…for a preppy girl.  Seriously, this chick was like She-hulk, if she had gotten a skin graft and joined the varsity cheer-leading team or something to that effect.  
 Then she pointed to herself and her cohorts, introducing them, “I’m Alexis!  These are my buddies Marge and Bailey! Say hi to Ben girls!” 
“Hey Ben! You’re cute!” Marge said. 
“Yeah! Hey we should go out sometime!” Bailey chimed. 
I didn’t know much about these chicks, or how they knew my name without me even telling them, but personally I would have rather called up Satan himself than gone anywhere with them.
Alexis grabbed me by the arm and started pulling me somewhere, “Hey cutie follow me!”
Well considering I was being dragged along, it didn’t seem like I had much of a choice.  I looked back toward Ariana and tried to mouth help me, but Marge and Bailey blocked my view. 
Alexis led me toward a small, shaded spot next to a tree.  She rested her hand on the tree trunk -which unless my eyes deceive me, started to wither- and said, “So Ben!  What’s your story?”
“Umm…well I woke up in a forest and I can’t remember anything.” 
“That’s so awesome! Tell me more!”
“And…that’s basically it.”
“Oh…that’s a shame.  Well, I’m Alexis!”
“That’s nice...”
“Yeah! How long have you been here!” 
“Not very long.”
“Totally awesome! Have you ever shot fire at anybody?” 
“Wait...what?” 
“I mean umm...hi! I'm Alexis!” 
“Nooo really?  I didn’t freaking know that...”
“It's the best name ever! See? A-L-E...”
“Oh for the love of God, shut up...”
“So how long have you…” She was interrupted by the timely arrival of Ariana.  
Thank the Lord, I thought to myself, pushing myself a little farther from Alexis.  
Ariana didn’t look too pleased.  In fact, she looked pissed, “Hey! Could I have my friend back please?” 
Alexis turned around and put her hands on her hips, “Pssh don’t make me laugh.  Why would this cutie be friends with you?”
“Because he is.  No questions about it.  Right Ben?” 
“Um yeah…” I said weakly. 
Ariana shot me a dangerous look.
“I mean...yeah! I'm her friend! We were actually about to...”
I tried to get up, but Alexis shoved me back in the chair with surprising and overwhelming force, never breaking her stare down with Ariana. “Is that so?” Alexis hissed. 
They glared angrily at each other for what appeared to be forever.  If this kept up, the whole the-woman-always-wins-the-argument-thing was going to end up destroying this village and everything in it due to a paradox.  Unfortunately, I was going it to be in the middle of it. 
Thankfully, Alexis backed off and laughed.  “Okay Ben, you can go with her.  But talk to me again sometime!  Text me or something!”
I shook my head in disbelief...did cell phones even exist in Eden? That would be weird.  I mean, there are fairly modern looking shops and stuff, but I really didn't know if Riverglade was up to speed as far as technology goes...
 She shot me a wink, “Later cutie!”  She stuck her tongue out at Ariana, stormed off and disappeared behind a corner, followed by Marge and Bailey.  
Ariana gave me a look.  “Next time, don’t talk to Alexis or her cohorts.”
“In my defense, you’re the one that told me to socialize.”
“Yeah I did, but I didn’t mean with them!” she said angrily. 
“I just randomly walked up to someone and said hi...I mean yeah, it was a mistake, but still...”
“Sure...whatever...” She said, crossing her arms. 
 I sighed, “Sorry…well thanks anyway for the save there.”
She rolled her eyes, “Just avoid flirting with any fake girls like that next time okay?” 
“I wasn’t flirting.  And why would that bother you anyway?”
She looked at me for what I figured to be about a minute, I could swear I spotted jealousy in her eyes.  Then she turned around and avoided the stare, “I don’t know.  Anyways let’s go.  We’ve got more people for you to meet.”
We walked in silence for almost the rest of the day.  I went up and said hi to a few people (all of them being males) but mostly we just walked awkwardly.  
Eventually we went back to her house and got ready for bed.  Ariana simply snapped her fingers and her blue polka-dotted PJ’s appeared, while I had to change in the broom closet (I had acquired a set of pajamas and a change of clothes while in town).  
Ariana jumped back on the bed and immediately covered up, hiding from me.  I sighed and laid down on the floor, covering myself up to the chest with my blanket.  
“Well…goodnight Ari.” I turned over and closed my eyes.  Whatever I did, I was sure that my friendship with Ariana was over.
Freaking wonderful, Ben, I thought, Great job...
Chapter 6
Growing Closer
The next few days with Ben were very awkward.  We just silently got up, got dressed, ate cereal, toured a small part of the town, and went back to bed.  It was awkward...and I hated it. 
Truthfully, I knew I didn't have a right to be mad at Ben...and what's more, I didn't even why I felt so upset about it...
At one point at the breakfast table, I tried to start a conversation with him, but he kept looking at me as if I was still mad at him and gave me short answers such as, oh, okay, and yeah...
I felt a little frustrated about it.  I mean, I had JUST found a best friend that I could grow closer to, and now some girls have to go ahead and cast doubt between us...attempting to separate us.
I stood up and pulled my chair right next to him, putting my hand on his knee, "Alright Ben...look...I'm not mad at you.  I know it wasn't your fault that those preppy girls were being rather sneaky and possessive and stuff...it's been two days, and we've barely talked to each other." I told him in a slightly depressed tone, hoping to get my message across. 
Ben looked at me squarely in the eyes, "So does that mean we're gonna start being friends again..?"
I was slightly taken aback, "Well we never stopped...wait, you mean you don't want to be friends anymore???" I asked desperately. I seriously hoped that he wanted to stay friends.  If not, I was going to have a panic attack.
Ben immediately started waving his hands, "No, no, no, I mean I DO want to be friends...I just thought that you were too mad at me and didn't..." 
I lightly smacked him upside the head, "Why would I want to quit being friends over that??? I'm not shallow or anything Ben..." After I smacked him on the head a couple more times, I leaned over and hugged him, "See?  I care about you too much to just stop talking to you...and I'm sorry if I haven't been very receptive the past few days..."
Ben smiled at me and nodded, "its okay Ariana...We've both just been out of it I guess." 
I brushed some of my hair out of my face, "Alright Ben, it's been two days of awkwardness...so we need to make up for lost time.  Let's go back out into the village.  I don't care about what those girls do...let's just go around and actually have fun.  I know a couple places we could visit!" I told him with a smile. 
Ben grinned and leapt out of his chair, "Alright Ari..." He said while exhaling, "I'm in. Where to?" He asked, his tone slowly but surely growing more excited and upbeat. 
I smiled at him warmly.  Ben was beginning to cheer up.
"Well..." I began, formulating a plan in my mind, "We can visit some of the shops and restaurants.  Also, we can go to that instrument shop downtown and find you an instrument that you can play…" I continued to ramble on about my idea of Ben and I playing in a band together, but eventually I ran out of breath and stopped talking.  
"Alright!" Ben said, laughing, "What are we waiting for?" 
I grabbed his arm and pulled him out the door of the house, and unto the streets of Riverglade village.  
I looked around for Alexis, Marge and Bailey.  
No sign of them... I thought, so far, so good.  
As we ventured further into the village, we stopped at some of the shops.  The first shop we visited was the clothes shop.  I saw a cute outfit that was on display in the glass case.  It was a black shirt and gray, intricately decorated jacket, with a striped skirt over a set of black, skin tight pants.  On its head, the mannequin had a fluffy, beanie-like hat. 
I grinned in satisfaction.  Time to show off to Ben a little more...
I turned to him, "Hey Ben! Check this out..." I instantly pictured the outfit in my mind and my current clothes quickly morphed, matching the one in the display case. I turned to Ben and grinned sheepishly. 
Ben's eyes practically jumped out of their sockets, "Whoa!!! Ari how did you..." 
Before Ben could finish his sentence, the angry owner of the shop began to chase after me, shouting, "Hey knock it off you stupid girl!  I told you not to come by here anymore..! Either buy or get out! I don't care who your father is!!!" 
Uh oh.  I'd forgotten about that...you see, after a few times of just copying outfits and not buying them, the owner got mad and banned me from ever coming back to the store...and this time my Dad wasn't here to bail me out…and that left me with one option. 
I immediately grabbed Ben by the wrist and ran hastily down the street, out of the man's sight.  We found a corner to hide behind, as I pressed myself against the wall, peering over to make sure the coast was clear.  
Once I was sure that we lost him, we both sat down on the ground, laughing our butts off.  I was laughing so hard that I snorted like a pig, then immediately covered my mouth in embarrassment. 
"Ummm..." I began with my mouth still covered, "You didn't hear that..." 
Ben cracked up and gestured to my mouth, "Umm...yeah I did.  That's a cute little laugh." He said, snickering. 
I removed my hand from my mouth and smirked slyly at him, “Well now that you know my embarrassing little secret, what's yours, Benny?" I asked in a playfully mocking voice. 
Ben let his legs touch and rest on the opposite wall, then put his hands behind his head in a relaxed position, "Welllllll...you see with my amnesia and everything..." He began jokingly. 
I gaped for a second, and then smiled, playfully shoving him over, "Awwww come on, and that’s no excuse!!! Think of something you can do that's totally weird and unusual..."
Ben scoffed, "Like what?" 
"Well I snort like a pig when I laugh too hard, and I can dance while playing the violin..." I moved from my spot on the opposite wall and sat next to him.  "So come on Ben..." I nudged him in the side with my elbow, "Think of something!" 
"Ummm...I guess I can dance.  That's pretty embarrassing, right?" 
I looked at him and raised my eyebrow, "Well you can dance pretty good..."
"Other than that, I have no clue." He said. 
I stared at him blankly, "You have like, zero creativity..."
Ben threw up his hands, "Guilty as charged.  I might have had some embarrassing talent on Earth or something..." He suddenly assumed a melodramatic voice, "But ehhh you know due to my amnesia and all..."
I socked him in the gut, to which he grunted and bent over in pain, "Stop using that as an excuse! Come on Ben, you're better than that...that's the second time already!" 
"Ugh fine..." He said with a sigh, "So um...what's it like living here? In Riverglade?" He asked, trying to change the subject.
I crumpled up a random newspaper and threw it at the opposite wall, "Well it's a nice place and all, but it gets kind of boring.  My Dad is mostly working all the time..."
"Because he's an angel, right?"
I nodded, "Yeah.  But until I met you, all I did was go out into the forest and play violin, or design some outfits in my spare time.  I know almost everyone in the village, but I'm not really close to any of them.  I've never had a close best friend or anyone like that, that I could relate to...well actually, there are my Dad and his friend Kira, but that's about it." I told him.  
Ben nodded, "Huh...so you're like a social person, only you aren’t at the same time."
I shrugged one shoulder, "Yeah pretty much...so what about you?"
"Well, I can't really remember anything...but I imagine I wasn't much of a people person..." He said. 
I rolled my eyes and snickered, "Yeah that's more than obvious...we're gonna have to change that, if you're gonna stay with me." I said in a slightly bossy but playful tone. 
Ben shrugged his shoulders, "Sure.  Can we get something to eat, though? I'm kind of hungry..." 
He was right.  I checked my watch to find that it was a few hours past noon.  Poor not-creative-at-all Benny here was hungry. 
I got to my feet and held my hand out to help Ben up.  After he got up, we headed out into the town square to find a bite to eat.  We looked along the edges of the town square, looking for somewhere good to eat.  The possible places ranged from a sub shop, to a sandwich place.
Personally I was craving subs, but after a quick look at my wallet, the amount of money I had said otherwise.  Also, our house pantry was fresh out of stuff (besides cereal) to eat...
I sighed.  Sandwiches it is... 
I pulled Ben into the shop and we ordered something to eat.  Then we headed up the stairs that were in the shop up to the roof, where we sat at a table for two.  A large, vine-covered wooden frame with un-lit lanterns hanging from it covered the rooftop, and provided us with some shade from the sun. 
 Ben un-wrapped his sandwich and began to munch nonchalantly, while I propped my feet up on the table and took a shark-sized bite out of mine. 
Ben's eyes widened, then he briefly laughed, “Well you're just full of surprises, aren’t you Suarez?" 
I shot him a questioning look, "My names not Suarez...its Ariana." I said as I chewed my food, "You know that, Ben." 
Ben waved his hands, as if to dismiss it, "Yeah but it's kind of a joke..." Then Ben's face contorted from confusion, "From Earth...wait a minute..." He said as he sat up straight in realization. 
"How do you know that?" I asked, "Is your memory coming back?" 
Ben focused for a second, but then shook his head in disappointment, "Not anything important.  I can remember stuff about pop culture and stuff...but not about my past." Ben sighed in exasperation and sat back in his chair, "Well that's stupid.  I finally remember something and my brain decides to give me useless information..." He slouched back into his chair in disappointment and nibbled on his sub.  
I shrugged and took another bite out of my sandwich, “Maybe they come back in order of importance...or maybe at a psychological trigger of some sort." 
Ben scoffed.  "I don't know, maybe...either way I hope it comes back, especially before Zachariel decides to kick me out."
I smiled at him reassuringly as I crumpled up my sandwich wrapper, "I can convince Dad to let you stay for a while longer...maybe you'll even be able to live with us." 
Ben rolled his eyes, "Oh he'll be thrilled about that...he barely approves of me enough as it is..." 
I removed one leg out from the top of the table and lightly kicked Ben in the shin, "Be positive! Stop being such a sour-puss..."
Ben rolled his eyes and exhaled, "Yeah, alright..."
I leaned back in my chair, holding onto the table with my legs to keep from falling over.  
"Hey Benny! Catch!" I flung the crumpled up wrapper at him, but I overshot it and ended up causing Ben to fall over out of his chair.  He landed on the ground with a loud THUD, and suddenly a random jet of blue and white flame shot up and began to roast the wooden frame above. 
Ben quickly recovered and tried to put out the flame, but ended up making the flame bigger. I quickly went to the top of the stairs, called the owner and shouted "FIRE!!!" 
The woman came running up with a garden hose, saw the flames and joined Ben's ongoing struggle to put them out.  
The three of us struggled for about a minute to put out the flames, until a large wind came and extinguished the flames with a single gust. 
The gust of wind...only a pair of wings could be powerful enough to put out fire that quickly...
I turned around slowly and braced for the inevitable scolding I was about to get.  My Dad, Zachariel, was floating there, arms crossed, complete with a cold stare. 
"Umm...hi Dad..." I said weakly. 
Zachariel raised an eyebrow, "Hello, Ariana.  Look's like you and Ben got yourselves into a little bit of trouble today..."
Ben turned around and immediately assumed his "I'm screwed" face. He threw his arms up in surrender and sighed, "I'm sorry Mr. Zachariel...please kill me quickly."
Zachariel scoffed, "I may be an angel, but it would not be wise of you to tempt me, Ben..." He turned back to me, "I heard from the clothing store owner that you copied an outfit again...without paying for it..."
I laughed nervously, "I'll pay for it...one day..."
Dad continued to stare, "You had better.  That man is getting tired of your antics and I'm getting tired of having to deal with his complaints about you..." He then motioned for us to go downstairs, and we met him at the entrance of the sandwich shop.  
"Well...um...it was an accident..." I said, smiling wide in an attempt to authenticate my story.  
"Even accidents have to be paid for, Ari..." Zachariel said in an annoyed tone.  
The townspeople began to gather and look at us.  Not only was I in trouble, but I also felt super embarrassed. 
Thankfully, Dad noticed, "Ariana, I think you and Ben should spend the rest of the day at the house..." He looked at the horizon, "It's almost nightfall anyway." 
I sighed in defeat and walked back to the house with Ben.  After about thirty minutes of walking, I flung open the door to my room and plopped down on my bed, while Ben moved the pile on books on my chair and sat down, apparently feeling the weight of my father’s scolding, even though I received the blunt of it. 
“I’m so dead...” Ben mumbled under his breath. 
I snapped my fingers to get his attention and made him look me in the eye, “Listen, Dad may seem gloomy, threatening, or scary, but just know that he can’t kill you…he’s an angel.  So you have nothing to worry about.” I said reassuringly. 
Ben looked up, “You sure he can’t find a loophole?”
I smiled, “Nope.  Even if he does, I’ll make sure you survive.” 
Ben smiled back, “Thanks Ari…”
We chatted for a while after that, Ben telling me things that he remembered about Earth, such as cell phones, cars, music videos, etc. To be honest, I actually found all these things interesting.  I figured that maybe one day I'd be able to visit Earth with Ben...maybe...
Ben looked at his hand, rubbing it as if it had been smacked against a sharp table top.  
"You alright Ben?" I asked him as he got out of the chair and laid on the floor. 
Ben shook his head, "Mostly yeah...my hand kind of burns though." His hands looked red, like he had held them over a steam pot for several hours straight. 
"Is it because of that fire that came out of nowhere?"
"Yeah I think so..." He said, now blowing on his hand. 
"You mean that it came from you..?" I asked him. 
Ben nodded, "Yeah...I don’t know how the fire randomly appeared anyway."
"Spontaneous combustion?" I suggested. 
Ben shrugged, "Yeah maybe...anyway I hope it doesn't happen again...I'd hate to burn down the house." He said with a half-smirk.  
"Well, this house could use a remodeling..." I said jokingly. 
Ben lightly laughed and laid down on his pillow, staring straight up at the ceiling.  
After a few hours, Ben got tired and fell asleep, despite the multitude of idiotic jokes that I told him to try to keep him awake.  To my annoyance, none of them worked.  
I laid back on my pillow and tried to sleep, but wasn't able to.  Suddenly I remembered that Ben talked in his sleep, and turned myself over to watch him.  
Alright Benny, I said to myself, you may be asleep, but I get to see what weird things you say tonight...
Chapter 7
  Pain of Remembrance
I watched all night as Ben tossed and turned, struggling to sleep.  At first he was mumbling strange words, as if he were calling someone’s name.  
“Ben…whose name are you calling?”  I didn’t know why I bothered asking…he was asleep…but it just felt natural to me somehow.  
Ben continued his mumbling for another hour or so.  All of a sudden he started screaming, “NO! LEAVE HER ALONE!  LEAVE HER ALONE! LEAVE HER OUT OF IT!  DON’T LAY A FREAKING FINGER ON HER!” 
I jumped down from the bed and knelt down next to him. His eyes were still closed but he looked like…like he was in pain.
I hugged him close to my chest and rubbed my fingers through his hair, trying to calm him.  He skin was slowly beginning to heat up, and steam began rising from his arms.  I tried to ignore it and kept holding Ben. 
He was still in pain. He was shaking wildly, as if he were having a mental seizure or something.
I just…I just have to stop it somehow…but I don’t know how…
Come on Ari! Think of something fast!!! The voice in my head cried. 
I began to rock him back and forth as my father came running to the door, “Who’s that screaming? Is that Ben?”
I nodded, my eyes slightly tearing up.  I couldn’t bear to see him in this much pain…I really couldn’t.
“HELP HIM!!!” I screamed desperately. 
Zachariel ran over to us, “Why is he screaming like that?  What’s going on..?” Then he saw that my soothing was starting to calm him. 
“Ariana…” he said, “keep doing that.  It’s calming him…” 
I looked down.  My effort was paying off.  His shaking began to slow down and he slowly started to quiet himself.  The steam that his body was generating began to withdraw and his skin cooled off as well. 
I began to rock him back and forth, whispering a calming song into his ear.  
“♪Calm your wonderful soul…the angels have you tonight…oh calm your painful heart♪…” 
As the notes left my mouth my skin tingled…this was the song that Zachariel sang to me when I was an infant…something about it just stimulated my nerves…  
I continued to do this until Ben fell asleep peacefully.  After that, I set him back down on his pillow and continued to brush my fingers through his hair, this time barely whispering my song.
Zachariel sighed with relief, “Thank you Ariana…stay with him and make sure he sleeps alright…” He paused for a moment, observing me as I rubbed my fingers through his hair.  Then he turned back around, “I have to go back to guard duty.  See you in the morning.”  He walked out of the house, extended his wings, and flew away. 
I looked back down at Ben.  He seemed calm and restful…this eased my heart more.  Seeing that he wasn’t in pain…and good thing too.  I simply couldn’t bear to see him like that again. 
But why?  I didn’t exactly know…the moment he opened his eyes…those lovely gray eyes… back in the forest, somehow I couldn’t stop thinking about him…he was just so fascinating.  There was a shroud of mystery behind him…some unknown back story that he had forgotten when he came here. 
What was it though?  The only way I could find out would be to ask him, but considering he couldn’t remember anything useful, that was impossible.  
I sighed, continuing to rub my fingers through Ben’s hair.  The calm, tranquil look on his face suggested that he was enjoying it, which lightened my heart even more. 
I smiled, bent down and whispered into his ear, “Hey Ben…I…”
Suddenly he begun moving around, once more mumbling a name, but this time I could actually understand what he was saying, “Ari…Ari…hey beautiful…”
My eyes widened in shock, and I could feel my cheeks turning a rosy color.  Beautiful?  Did he just call me beautiful…?
“Umm…thanks…” I whimpered. Other than that, I was at a loss for words.  Sure, other people have called me that, but I really didn’t register it.  To be honest, I never really cared what they thought.  But for Ben to call me something like that…suddenly it mattered.
My mind suddenly flooded with all sorts of thoughts and emotions.  I remembered seeing the sun shine on his handsome face when he ran with me to the tree, laughing and smiling as if his pain never existed…
All the adventures that we had shared the days before flowed into my mind.  I lost myself and sank into my memory as the images flowed…
...

…Okay…so I should extend this note once I play the forte, I thought to myself as I skipped into the woods. 
I walked to my usual spot in the forest, looking forward to some peace and quiet, so I could practice for the festival that would take place today.  I rosined up my bow and prepared to draw it across the strings…until I noticed someone lying on the ground.
That's odd…I thought to myself, I had never seen anybody in the forest other than me before…
I tilted my head in curiosity, inquiring who this mysterious person was. I bent over to get a better look at him. 
The person was a young-looking man (about my age), with medium length black hair, and an angular face with a normal nose and light pink lips.  He was wearing a navy blue shirt, with ripped jeans and shoes.  
Whoa…whoever this guy was…he was handsome…
I gave myself a mental slap in the face, Come on Ari! Snap out of it! I told myself.
I moved my violin down to hip-level and poked the person with the bow.  He didn’t budge.
I tried lightly kicking his foot, but he still didn’t wake up. This person couldn’t be dead, considering he was breathing…so of course I did the natural thing, which was to poke his face constantly until he woke up…and it worked.
The stranger’s eyes fluttered open.  He stared up into the tree line blankly, not noticing me there.  I leaned over him and looked into his eyes.  They were gray…stormy gray.
Whoa…okay Ari…you can snap back into it again...the voice in my head said. 
After standing there awkwardly, I decided to start the conversation, “Hi there! Who are you?” 
He stared back at me and replied, “Uhhh…whaa?”
I felt super confused.  What kind of name is that? “Your name is ‘Whaa’? That’s a strange name…” I remarked.  Of all the names, I never expected this dude to have a name as exotic and stupid as “Whaa”. 
The stranger shook his head and said, “Wait no sorry…Ben.  I'm Benjamin Blake.”
So his name is not “Whaa”.  His name is Ben…
The name Ben echoed as the memories fast-forwarded in my mind to where we were having our little splash-war at the river.  
Ben had admitted defeat, complete with the hands-up…a sign of his “surrender”.
I smirked with satisfaction. Ha, that’s right Ben…I win, I thought haughtily.  I know it was a little rude, but hey, he surrendered fair and square.  I picked up a stick from the shore and stuck my tongue out at him to further boast of my little ‘victory’.  
He didn’t get angry.  He just laughed and smiled along with me, having a good time.  The sun shined on his face, illuminating his gray eyes and his smile. 
I stared in awe for about a second, and then smiled too.  I was glad he was having a good time with me…because now, that’s all I wanted.
My memories fast-forwarded to Ben and I under the maple tree, watching the setting sun illuminate the clouds in a brilliant orange and yellow color.  I turned to look at him.  He was staring out into the sunset, his mind lost in the beauty and wonder of the realm.
I was amazed.  I mean, how often does a girl like me find the perfect friend in a forest?  Even if he is a stranger…
I spoke up, “You know what? I know we just met but..." I paused for a moment, waiting for him to respond.  
“What is it?” He asked. 
I exhaled and said, "I feel like we've known each other for a really long time...it’s strange, but that's what it feels like.  What about you?"
He paused, and then nodded. "Yeah me too...it’s comforting, being here with you..." 
I smiled. That’s all I wanted to hear.
He then picked up a purple flower from the ground and handed it to me. “For you.” He said.
I gave a small gasp and took the flower.  I took a second to smell it…it smelled beautiful.  
That was sweet of him…I thought. It may have been just a flower, but for some reason it meant the world to me.
I looked at Ben and giggled, putting the flower in my hair.  The memory ended with the two of us lying down, staring at the sunset together.
...

I brought myself back to reality.  I was sitting next to Ben, still running my fingers through his jet-black hair.  
It was then that I realized something…it may have only been about a week or so in real time, but those surreal moments with him had a big impact.  Those small, but meaningful moments with Benjamin Blake had changed my life forever…
I lowered my head and stared lovingly down at him.  Part of me wished he would wake up, so I could lose myself within those stormy gray eyes of his… Then again, I wanted him to stay there and sleep peacefully, so I could continue gazing at him and rubbing my fingers through his soft hair.  
I again bent down to whisper in his ear, “Ben…I know we just met in all, but…I think I’m…”
I hesitated.  He was asleep, but it felt like he could hear everything I was saying.  I just paused there for about a minute or two, trying to phrase in my head what I was trying to say. 
I tried to speak again, “I…I…” the words simply wouldn’t come out.  
I took a deep breath and exhaled, mentally preparing myself for what I was trying to say.  “Ben…I…”
Suddenly his eyes fluttered open.  Upon realizing that I was sitting next to him, he slowly turned his head toward me.  
“Umm…morning….” He said, slightly mystified.
I was frozen with shock.  Suddenly, I had lost all courage to tell him what I was going to say, which is to say the least of my worries.  How much did he remember?  What was he going to think?  Did he feel the same for me?  Was my hair messed up?  Did I look attractive?  Was breakfast ready? 
Ben sat up, and looked around.  Then he noticed how I was frozen with shock, so he waved his hand in front of my eyes, trying to draw me out of my trance.  “Ari…? Hellooo? Anyone home?” 
I suddenly leapt onto my bed, my back pressed up against the wall.  “How…much…did you…hear?” I stuttered wildly.  If he had heard everything, this was going to be extremely embarrassing for me.
Ben blinked his eyes multiple times, and shook his head, then looked back at me, confused.  “Heard what?  What are you talking about?” 
I sighed in partial relief, slowly stepping down from my bed, but still shaking wildly.  “Umm…nothing…nothing at all.”  
His eyes widened, baffled and confused, “Okay…well…that’s…nice.”
I suddenly realized that I was in my polka dotted pajamas… oh gosh…this was embarrassing…
I began to push him out the door, shouting “Get out! I’m not dressed!”
“Yes you are…you’re wearing pajamas…” Ben remarked, his voice trailing off. 
“Exactly!  So can you please get out?  I need to get dressed!!!” I finished shoving him out the door and slammed it shut.  Then I ran to my mirror, messing with my hair to make sure that it looked good, among other things like the nails and skin. Everything had to be perfect.
After a few minutes of struggle, I was done messing with my hair. Next, I started cycling through the outfits I had in mind (literally). 
 I closed my eyes, mentally flipping through them, trying to decide which one to wear.  
“No…not that one…no…not that one either…maybe this one!” I snapped my fingers and a blue, polka dotted dress appeared. 
I growled in frustration, No not that one! It looks like my pajamas! I face-palmed my forehead and moved on.
 I once again cycled through them trying to discern which one matched my hair, which ones matched the weather…the season… 
Eventually, I had finally located a good-enough dress. I snapped my fingers once more and it appeared on me.  It was a red, V-neck shirt, with sleeves that extended no farther than my elbow.  On my lower half, I was wearing a gray, frayed skirt that reached the knees.  Under the skirt, I wore some black, skin tight pants, with ankle-cut black and white tennis shoes.
I grinned in satisfaction.  Perfect! Now about my hair again… 
I began to work feverishly at it, straightening some parts and braiding others.  For an hour, I worked at it tirelessly; making sure every single detail was perfect.  Once I had finished, I gave one final, grandiose look at myself in the mirror.  
I sighed nervously. I didn’t look half bad, but the goal here was to impress.  Either way, I hope he likes it…
...

I felt like I had been hit with a bus.  First, Ariana is all “Hey you!  You’re my best friend!  Let’s have a good time!”, then she was freaking out, all like “I’m not ‘dressed’ even though I’m technically wearing PJ’s and my clothes can shape shift!  Get out of my room!”
I rubbed my forehead in confusion.  I may not have remembered much about my past, but I was pretty sure that this was the most ridiculously weirdest thing that had ever happened to me.  
And another thing; why was she sitting next to me?  I specifically remembered her father instructing me, don’t you go near my daughter at night or I will castrate you with my sword!  Muahaha! 
Okay, maybe he didn’t say that but that’s what it seemed like, either way I felt confused…which here in New Eden was not out of the ordinary for some strange reason.  
My thoughts were interrupted by Zachariel, who had just walked through the front door.  “Ah Mr. Ben…” He began.
I face-palmed myself.  Crap, here we go, I thought, I’m screwed.  
Zachariel stopped in his tracks, looking around.  “Where’s Ari?  Is she still in her room?” 
I briefly nodded, and then pointed to her door.  “She’s been in there the past hour.  She randomly started screaming and freaking out, then she kicked me out.  Confused the heck out of me.” 
Zachariel exhaled in disbelief, “I’ll go talk to her.  You stay here, and if you’re hungry, there’s some cereal in the cabinet.”  He knocked on her door, “Hey Ari!  What’s wrong?  There’s your favorite cereal if you want some…” His wings condensed so he could fit through her doorway, and soon he disappeared into her room, shutting the door behind him. 
I just stood there blankly, my mind a garbled mess and swimming with questions.  What was wrong with Ariana? Seriously, she was flipping out for some reason, and I didn’t know why.  Hopefully Zachariel could sort some of this out…because this was driving me nuts.  
I just rolled my eyes and sat down at the kitchen table and poured myself some cereal.  I simply sat there, munching away at my breakfast, patiently waiting for Ariana and Zachariel to emerge from the room…
...

I walked into Ariana’s room to find quite a surprise.  Ariana was checking herself out in the mirror, making tiny adjustments to her outfit, as if she were trying to make sure everything was absolutely perfect.  It was then I realized she was having a "Girl Moment." 
“Ariana..?”  I tapped on her shoulder to get her attention, to which she sharply turned around and jumped in shock, “Dad!  I didn’t hear you come in!!”
“Sorry to intrude Ari…” I looked at her, “What’s going on? Why the sudden obsession with how you look?” 
“Ohhh…it’s…its nothing Dad.  I’m just trying on some dresses!” She laughed shakily and gave a nervous half grin.  
I knew that wasn’t the case.  I’ve seen enough on Earth to know what she was going through. I took a step forward and crossed my arms, “What’s really going on, honey? You’ve never acted like this before.”
She sighed in defeat, sitting down on the bed. “Well…I really don’t know what’s going on Dad…” she shrugged one shoulder and tilted her head, “I was comforting Ben, making sure he slept okay and everything, and then he calls me something in his sleep…”
Called her something…? Oh joy.  This boy may have just signed his own death warrant.  After nearly burning down that restaurant with Ariana, this might be the final nail in the coffin...
 “And…what exactly did he call you?” I asked. 
She took a deep breath and exhaled, “Beautiful.” She said, “He called me beautiful.” she looked at me, expecting my answer. 
I sighed, slightly disappointed.  Then I sat down next to her, taking in a breath to speak, “Other boys have complimented you before.  What makes this...Ben…any different?”  
“Well…he’s cute for starters, and he actually hung out with me and got to know me...”
“You basically robbed a store and nearly burned down a restaurant, and he was acting like your little accomplice. And what about the other boys?” I asked. 
“But he’s different, Dad!"
"They're all different..." I remarked coldly.  Ariana was beginning to sound like her mother. 
"He’s…he seems like he actually enjoys being with me for me! And not for just my looks…and also there’s just some invisible force that draws me to him…making me think about him all the time…all those moments we shared yesterday?  They really meant something!  It wasn’t just some random occurrence Dad…I feel like its fate or something!  You know what I mean?”
Fate. I nodded sadly.  This was the day I had feared would come…the day she actually began to like someone.  Now that the day came, I had a promise to keep.  “So…you’ve fallen for Ben? After all, it's only been a week."
She nodded longingly.  “I have…I’ve fallen for him…hard.” She suddenly studied her shoes to avoid eye contact. 
This is difficult.  I’ll admit, I had never expected to become a surrogate father in the first place, but I needed to trust the Creator's judgment and not question him.  So far, I haven’t regretted raising her. But now that she’s old enough, I’m going to make sure that whoever she ends up with doesn’t harm her...I was going to make sure she didn't end up like her mother.
I put my hands on her shoulders, “Ari…look at me.”
She complied.  She was starting to tear up, “What if…what if he doesn’t like me Dad? What am I going to do?”  
I stared her down, attempting to drill my encouragement into her mind, “Then you make him like you, honey. Not by force, but show him to real you and he’ll eventually come around.  I’m sure of it.  After all, if he doesn’t, then it won’t be the end of the world…in fact, why don’t you show him the rest of town today?  In spite of your little escapade yesterday, he hasn’t seen all of it…and who knows? Maybe he’ll even like it here.”
She sniveled and wiped a tear away, “Really…? You mean he can live with us..?"
"I didn't say that..."
"…But what about those girls that were flirting with him a few days ago?” She asked. 
I raised my eyebrows, “What girls?”
“Three of them.  Alexis, Marge, and Bailey.”
Strange.  I knew everybody in the village, and I didn’t know of anybody with those names…and they sounded too old to be newcomers...
 I shook myself out of it for a moment, “Well I’m sure he’ll choose you over them.  Remember what I said, okay Ari?”
She smiled, wiping the tears from her cheeks.  “Thanks Daddy…I love you.”  She wrapped her arms around me and gave me a warm hug.  
I hugged back tightly.  “Now go have fun honey…and remember what I said. Also remember not to cause any more trouble.  Good luck.”
She got up from the bed, twirling in her skirt, “By the way Dad, like my outfit?” 
I nodded.  “Looks cute honey.” I gave her a reassuring smile.  This reminded me of the first time she showed me her dress.
Hey Mr. Zachy! Like my dress? 
She beamed, “Thanks Dad!  I’ll see you after were done touring the town!” She skipped out the door and shut it behind her.  
I took in a deep breath.  I suppose it’s time for her to go soul searching…I thought to myself.  But who were these girls? Travelers? Visitors? They sure weren’t residents…unless…
Oh…so that’s what they are…
I stood up.  I needed to meet our new visitors, and deal with them accordingly…the fate of the village may depend on it.
 ...

I stepped outside my room and stood there, with my hands firmly at my side, as if I were wearing a straightjacket.  I grinned nervously, “Hi Ben…” I whimpered weakly.
Ben was just sitting there, eating some cereal casually.  He didn’t seem to notice me, like he was in some sort of trance. 
I uttered a small growl in frustration, ugh…he isn’t noticing me, I thought, maybe this wasn’t such a great idea…
Just then, a voice rang in my head…it was Dad's. 
Come on Ari…just be yourself…
Right.  Be myself…I echoed. 
I mustered my courage and spoke louder this time, “Good morning Ben..!” 
That ended up a little louder than I wanted it. I probably woke up the neighbors with my blow horn that I have for a mouth.
He looked up from eating his cereal, then he put the spoon on the table and spoke, “Oh hey Ari…so…what was that all about?” 
I stared at him blankly, “What was ‘what’ about?” I asked. 
“Well…you sort of freaked and kicked me out of your room.” He answered. 
Oh…that…
I twiddled my fingers nervously, “Oh um…I was just having a girl moment…”
Ben’s eyes widened, and looked away,  “Oh...okay…um…girl moments are not fun….” 
I nodded skittishly, and then looked over at the table, “Is that cereal?” I inquired. God, I hoped so…I was so nervous, and I needed some sort of relapse...
He smiled, “Yeah…it’s actually really good. Very flaky…wanna get a bowl and sit with me?” His gray eyes gazed into mine, causing me to break the stare and my cheeks to blush.  
“Um…yeah!  I replied quickly, “Just let me get my cereal real quick…” I hastily walked over to the cabinet and grabbed out a bowl and the box, and poured its contents -most of them- into the bowl.  Random flakes spilled all over the counter and on the floor.
I gave myself a mental slap in the face, come on Ari….you look stupid right now!  Just try to relax…
Ben got up from his chair, “Hold on Ariana, let me help you with that…”
As he got up, I turned around sharply, bowl in hand, and accidentally poured half its contents on his head. 
Uh oh...
I covered my hand with my mouth as I gasped, “Oh…Ben I’m SO sorry!  I didn’t mean to…I really didn’t…” 
He just stared at me for a second and busted out laughing, which freaked me out a little bit. He put the bowl on the counter and grabbed my wrist.  
“Come on Ari…why don’t we get breakfast out in the village or something?”
My eyes stayed wide open.  He…invited me to go somewhere with him…
Come on girl!  It's just like every other day...after all, you've invited him to go places too! The voice in my head said. 
Yeah, that's true...I just had to act like this was a normal day...nothing unusual going on...
Ben snapped his fingers in front of my face, "Hey Ari...are you sure you're okay?" He asked, his gorgeous gray eyes gazing worriedly at me. 
I looked up from my deep thinking, "Umm...yeah! I'm fine!" I said with a nervous smile. 
"Well umm...good.  Let's go, then..." He said as he pulled me toward the front door. 
I nodded quickly and went out the door with him.  I walked rather skittishly, considering I was nervous, but then I reminded myself that I needed to look confident. 
Come on Ari…look confident. 
I straightened my back, perked out my chest, and attempted to look confident.  Then I lost my balance and almost fell on my butt. 
Ben turned to me, with a super confused look affixed to his angular face, “You okay, Ari?”
Not that confident, the voice in my head said. 
I rolled my eyes.  As annoying as the voice in my head was, it was right.  I needed to seriously chill out. 
I relaxed my muscles, “Yeah I’m alright! Don’t worry about me!” I beamed at him reassuringly. 
He raised an eyebrow in suspicion, and then turned back around.  After a few minutes of walking, we had arrived at the town square, which now had multiple picnic tables set up around the area.  
Ben and I sat down at a table that was seated in the shade of the oak tree that hung over part of the town square. We sat there, engaging in small talk for about an hour or so.
Eventually, Ben broke the silence with the golden question, “So…what was that whole thing about Ari…? Earlier when you kicked me out of your room?”
I sighed and looked away, “Well…I was struggling with some feelings…” I admitted. 
“What feelings?” He inquired, sighing with relief, as if it wasn’t what he initially thought it was.  
I took a deep breath.  Well Ari…might as well fess up to him…
“Well…I kinda…”
Another voice interrupted me, “Hey cutie!”
I turned to see who it was.  To my surprise, (or not rather) it was that annoying preppy girl and her cohorts. When she wasn't here yesterday, I had hoped that maybe she had gotten mauled by a wild animal.  Apparently not…
“How bout we take a little walk?” Alexis asked. 
“I think I’m fine here, thanks.” Ben coldly remarked. 
I smiled with satisfaction.  That’s right Alexis…I thought, he’s MINE…
Alexis’s expression changed to a deadly glare, “Are you sure…? Last chance…cutie…” a forked tongue protruded from her lips. 
Whoa!  Forked tongue! Not cool! The voice in my head said.  If a wild animal DID try to maul her, it most likely lost.  I suppose my wish doesn't count if she is the animal.
Ben turned to her sharply, “I said NO! Now go away!” 
Suddenly, Alexis sprouted a pair of demonic wings, her skin turned a pale white, and her eyes turned a blood red. She lifted Ben up, and threw him into a nearby building.  Then she turned to me and said, "You two go get him…this little brat is mine…
Chapter 8
Hellfire's Awakening
Let me tell you right now, being thrown into a building sucks. Like really, it does.  First off, it hurts…like having a truck dropped on you or being slapped by God himself.  It reminded me of the time I watched Man of Steel, where the main hero kept getting thrown into buildings. However, he probably took it better, considering he was invulnerable and I wasn't. 
I recovered myself from the rubble and looked around.  I had left a huge hole where I was thrown into the house.
A second later, a feminine, demonic figure landed in front of the hole, “There’s no escape cutie!”
Okay…that’s creepy.  Why was this demon calling me ‘Cutie’? Unless…oh, you’ve GOT to be kidding me…
“You need to come with me!!!” She barked.
I scoffed, “Like hell!  Come and get me then!”
A twisted smile appeared on her face, as if I had given her permission to actually attack me, “Very well…” then she jumped at me and attempted to claw me, to which I promptly dodged and ran out the door of the building. 
When I opened it, there was a second demon waiting for me.  She grinned evilly and raised her arm to attack me.  
Crap, I thought to myself, I need to lose them and help Ariana…
I braced myself to jump and avoid the attack, but just then, a large sword protruded through her chest, reducing her to a pile of ashes.  Behind what was left of her stood Zachariel, with a fierce look in his eyes, as if he finally got to vaporize something.
"WHERE IS ARIANA?!" He asked, looming over me in an intimidating fashion.  
"She...she's in the town square still!" I replied back nervously.  When Zachariel got angry, he was really scary.  His earlier intimidation game paled in comparison to this. 
Zachariel nodded, "Alright, I'll..." suddenly, a swarm of small, fire-looking things jumped on Zachariel and began to attack him, but he flung them off and smashed them against a wall, where they disintegrated into ash. 
“Ben Go! Help Ariana!” He shouted as he readied his blade for the next wave of mini-demons. 
I complied and ran back toward the town square.  For a second I looked back, only to see that the other demon had flown through the roof instead of the door, and continued pursuing me. 
“I’m coming for you boy!!!! I’ll kill you and tear your heart to shreds!!!” she screamed at the top of her lungs.  
I ran even faster and turned into an alleyway, attempting to hopefully shake her.  However, she kept on me like a dog keeps on a person with a cheeseburger in their pocket, nearly catching me at one point. 
Come on, come on…I thought to myself desperately as I turned down one of the alleys.  
She stopped at the turn, looked at me again with that wildly evil stare of hers. Then she grinned, “I’ve found you cutie…nowhere to hide now…”
I looked forward again.  She was right…nowhere to run.  Nowhere to hide.  It was a dead end.  
I turned back around and faced her.  There was still Ariana to think about…I couldn’t…no…wouldn’t let anything happen to her.  I wasn’t going to fail, and I sure as hell wasn’t going to give in to some freaking demon.  I’m going to fight back.  I’m going to win.
My body suddenly then felt really hot, like a stream of lava flowing down a mountainside.  My blood boiled, being heated by anger and rage, and then white smoke started rising from my hands. 
The demon’s eyes widened, “So…the master was right...” She noted as she continued to inch forward. 
I didn’t care what she was talking about in the moment.  I didn't care what she wanted.  All I wanted to do was to take her down. 
I rushed forward and punched her in the face; a chunk of her jaw dissipated in a cloud of fiery gray ash.  Soon, I followed up with another punch; however this one was burning with power.  
She reared back in pain, and then tried to claw me with her left arm.  I dodged to the right and grabbed it, tearing it from her torso and smacking her in the face with it.  I then lifted her up by the neck, glaring at her.  
"Yeah, that's right..." I taunted, "Not so tough now, are you?" 
She screamed and flapped her wings, managing to escape my grab.  She then opened her jaws and bit down - hard - on my left shoulder. 
 The pain was freaking horrible.  It felt like an acid was pouring into my veins, melting everything inside and setting my whole body on fire.  Instinctively, I used my free right arm to manifest a full, blue and white flame.  The flame slowly changed to a dark red with a hot, black core and red and orange ambers flying around.  
I dug my fist into the she-demon’s chest, and after one final scream of anguish, she was reduced to a pile of ashes that began to blow away in the rouge winds that ran across the alley. 
I stood there, panting heavily.  I checked out my left shoulder where she had bitten me, but strangely nothing was there except a black mark.  I examined it even more closely, but I couldn’t even find a bite mark.  The bite mark also didn’t even hurt anymore…like it healed as soon as it had taken effect.
I flexed the arm.  It felt…stronger.  In fact, my whole body felt stronger…like I could level a whole plethora of demons in an instant. I could…
Wait a minute…Ariana…
The thought of that stupid Alexis hurting her filled me with rage.  If she laid so much as one finger on her…
I needed to get to Ariana. She was still in danger…and I needed to save her.  No, I will save her.  My new ability…this…hellfire…will see to that.  
...

Alexis charged at me, her curved, sharp claws reaching out for me, wanting to tear me to shreds. 
 I leapt out of the way, watching the she-demon instead dug them into the picnic table where I had been sitting previously. 
Come on Ari! You got this! The voice in my head said. 
Yeah…I just had to keep focused, and keep from being torn to pieces.  But so far, my chances were slim. 
I noticed a nearby chair from one of the other tables, and decided that it would make a decent offensive weapon.
Why a chair you’re probably wondering? Well I’m not quite like my Dad.  I don’t have a bunch of weapons laying around for me to use, and considering the situation, I think the chair was probably my best option.
I picked the chair up and proceeded to hit Alexis across the face with it, shattering it into multiple shards that flew in several different directions.  
That was a bad idea for two reasons: One, it didn’t do squat to her. Two: It made her even MORE mad than she already was, which probably might have cost me my life. 
Alexis stood to her full six foot height and glared at me.  I stood there, holding the remains of the chair that I had bashed her face with, prepared for the oncoming deathly blow that was sure to happen. 
It didn’t.  Right as Alexis raised her fist, a large plume of black and red smoke erupted from the side and dragged her about twenty feet from where I was, and the weird thing was that her arm that she was about to strike me with was laying on the ground…separated from its owner. 
“ARRRGHH!!! I’ll get you!!! I’ll…”
She never got the chance.  Ben had put her in a headlock, and had finished her off with one twist of his arms. 
The loud CRACK was heard across the town square, and everybody diverted their attention to Ben and the body of the deceased demon. 
The body suddenly evaporated into a cloud of dust and dissipated, leaving Ben the standing victor. 
I can’t believe it… I thought, Ben had just saved my life…He actually…
I moved to go give him a hug, but I noticed something was very off about him…
Then I looked at his eyes. They weren’t the usual, beautiful gray…they were red. Blood red. 
A cloud of black smoke was orbiting around Ben, encircling him like an asteroid belt.  It moved slowly in a spiral column of soot and ash, as if it were bound by his own personal field of gravity, wrapped in aura of dark power.
The smoke then dissipated, and Ben’s eyes returned to normal.  He collapsed onto the street, unconscious.  
I immediately ran over to him, half hyperventilating.  What if he was hurt? What if he was dead…?
I flipped him over on his back, and pressed my ear against his chest.  His heart beat in a very faint rhythm.
I sighed with relief. Fortunately, Ben wasn’t dead, but he had changed.  That black smoke…the red fire…what was it? 
Behind me I heard the flutter of Zachariel’s wings, and then his approaching footsteps.  He walked to my side in bent down next to Ben.
“Sorry I’m late.  The she-demons had brought a couple of imps with them…anyway, what happened to him?”  
“He…he saved me Dad…” I said, stuttering.  
Zachariel looked over at the pile of dust that had once been the she-demon, and then back at Ben.  
“How…how did he do this?”
“I don’t know…he…he flew over and grabbed her…” I stammered nervously.  Honestly, I had no explanation for what I saw Ben do...it was freaking me out as well. 
Zachariel’s eyes widened, “He flew over? What do you mean he flew over?”
I honestly had no other way to describe it…the black smoke, the blood red eyes…soon I noticed other people were starting to crowd around his unconscious body.  It made me angry.  He was none of their business.
I elbowed Zachariel, “Dad…can we please get him back to the house?” Then I whispered, “There’s too many people here.”
He looked around, and then stood up to his full height. 
“All of you need to leave…” He told them. 
The people stayed put, curious of what was going on.
Zachariel raised his voice and shouted, “NOW!!!” His wings stretched to their full eighteen foot wingspan, which acted as a natural barrier between them and us.
They scrambled back to their houses, wanting to avoid Zachariel’s wrath.  Personally, I don’t blame them.  I had faced his wrath before, and it wasn’t pretty.
Zachariel then collapsed his wings and turned his attention back to Ben. He picked him up off the ground and walked briskly back toward the house. 
After a minute of walking we arrived. Rather than open the door, Zachariel kicked the door open and carried him to my room.  
Once he got in, he set him down on the bed and faced me, 
“Okay Ariana…tell me what happened?”
I took a deep breath, and then began to explain what had happened, starting from Alexis tossing him into the building. 
“…And right as she was about to claw me, this large cloud of black smoke appeared, taking her across the square.  When it cleared, there stood Ben…only he looked different.”
Zachariel’s eyes narrowed, “What did he look like?”
“He had pale skin, with blood red eyes…and there was a cloud of ash and smoke encircling him…then he passed out.”
“He killed the she-demon?”
I nodded, “Yeah…broke her neck…I could probably have heard the snap across the whole town.  It was that loud.” 
Zachariel turned away and stared out my window, thinking and talking to himself. 
“…For a crack that loud…there must have been a lot of force behind it…how could Ben have… what did the demon do to him...wait...unless...”
Then he turned around sharply, “Ari…lift his sleeve.”
I was confused. What did his sleeve have to do with anything?
“Ari…please do as I say.” He gave me his ‘look’, which says that he meant business. 
I obeyed and lifted his shirt sleeve to reveal his left shoulder, and on it was a black mark, with the edges faded out. The skin around it was pale. 
Zachariel’s eyes widened, “It would seem that our friend here was bitten by one of them.”
Bitten? Why on Earth would they bite MY Ben? The thought of their dirty little teeth sinking into his skin made my blood boil. 
“…and he has somehow gained something from it…but it doesn’t make sense.  He should be dead.” Zachariel stated, "Nobody survives a demon bite...especially humans."
But he wasn’t, and I honestly, I was glad.  I’m sure Dad was freaked out almost as much as I was though...I mean, who knows what the demon bite could do to him?  What if it made him a different person? What if it made him evil?
He continued to examine the black mark as I watched from the back of the room.  Then he stood to his full height, and rubbed his forehead in deep thought. 
“Ari, I need you to watch him for me.  I need to go somewhere to investigate this.  I shouldn’t be more than a day.” He walked out of the house and extended his wings. 
I caught up to him, “Dad??? You’re leaving now?”
He sighed and turned to me, “Yes honey…this is extremely urgent.  I need to figure out what is happening to him…” He said as he walked out the door. 
“What do I do if he wakes up? Dad!” I ran up and put my hand against his wing, and he paused in his tracks. 
Dad turned around and faced me, “Just stay with him…and if he wakes up, don’t leave the house.  That will make you vulnerable to more attack…and also…”
I stared at him, hoping for a more hopeful piece of news, “Yeah Dad?”
“If he wakes up…he may not be the same Ben you’ve met before.  Be careful.”
He tossed me a knife, and I caught it.  “If worse comes to worse, use that.” On that happy note, he then flew into the night in a blur of flashing light, leaving me there awkwardly, holding a knife. 
I examined the blade. It had a golden hilt and guard, with the handle wrapped in black leather.  The blade was made of shining ethereal steel, complete with a thin vein of simmering blue energy. On the blade was its name and a symbol, written in the language of the angels. I understood it since I knew a bit of angelic, 
 -Omega-
Omega. Meaning the end.
The end of what? I sure didn’t know…and at this point I really didn’t care.  I walked back into the house to check on Ben, who was still knocked out cold on my bed.  
I pulled a chair from the kitchen table and set it next to the bed.  I watched him as he slumbered, and it was strange.  He didn’t move a single muscle. He just stayed still and didn’t even move around constantly like he was in a nightmare. 
I rested my hand on his, and laid my head down on his chest. I could hear the faint beating of his heart.
I angled my head and looked at his face.  He seemed calm…but not peaceful.  His face was set rigidly, like he was fighting some sort of memory in his head. 
Then I raised my head and caressed his cheeks, “Ben…” I whispered into his ear, “Please come back to me…”
Chapter 9
Solarity of Dreams
I felt weightless.  Like a puff of smoke in zero gravity…okay, I’m not exactly sure how that would work, but essentially you get the point. 
Anyway, after I had passed out, I found myself in this place. It was the suburbs of a city, but everything seemed damaged, or destroyed. 
I myself was on top of a building, overlooking a rubble-filled street below.  I looked down and observed several armor clad figures with guns, marching down the street, shoving people out of their way.  I suddenly saw who their target was: It was a little boy, about thirteen years of age, was running from them.  One of the bystanders hit him upside the head, and then grabbed him by the collar. “Hey! Officers! I got him!”
What the hell was he doing??? That boy should have gotten away! I thought to myself. 
One of the bulkier enforcers ran up to the bystander and the captured kid.  He then lifted him in the air by the throat, and asked him “Where are the others? Tell me!!!” 
“I…don’t know…” The boy croaked. 
“TELL ME YOU FILTH! WHERE ARE THEY?”
The boy couldn’t even speak.  His face was deathly pale, as if he couldn’t get any air. 
At that point, I decided that enough was enough.  Time to teach these armor-clad jerks a lesson.
I scaled my way down the fire escape on the side of the building, and landed feet first of the concrete with a loud CRACK.  I ignited the hellfire in my left hand, and made my way through the crowd toward them. 
Once I had arrived, I grabbed the shoulder of the armor-clad figure.  He shrugged it off and smacked me in the face with his elbow, and went back to dealing with the kid. 
I wiped the blood from my nose, taking a second to look at it.  This guy was really beginning to tick me off, and he would pay for it.
I ignited the hellfire in my other hand, clenched the fist and took a swing, but to no avail.  It went completely through him, as if he were a ghost or something. 
I swung with the opposite arm, but the same thing happened.  The attack just passed through him as if he were made of thin air.  
I now swung furiously in anger, only to have the same thing happen.  This right here was the very definition of madness.  I was repeating the same thing over and over, only to achieve nothing.
Then I thought to myself…wait…what if they’re not the ghost…but I am?
I watched in a slowly realized horror that there was nothing I could do to help the poor kid.  The officer pulled out a pistol from his ammo belt, aimed it at the kid, and pulled the trigger.
I screamed in horror, but I never got to finish my sentence.  The white flash of the gunshot filled my vision and soon, I found myself elsewhere.
This time, I was in a room full of people that looked like they were in their late teens or early twenties.  They all sat around a small campfire in the middle of the room, conversing in a very silenced manner. 
One girl was bent over, her hands folding together, muttering some sort of incantation.  It was then I realized that she was praying. 
Another person that was next to her, (a guy in his late teens) nudged her. “Hey Lilly…knock that voodoo junk off. We’ve got planning to do.” 
Lilly.  That name sounded familiar…in my earlier nightmare I was screaming for a “Lilly”.  Could this be her?
Lilly turned her head toward him, and furrowed her eyebrows in anger.  “Jess, shut up.  Just let me pray.”
Jess stood to his feet, “Alright listen, I just want to figure out a way to survive this hellhole.  The officers want us all dead, and honestly I don’t think any of your religion crap is going to help us right now.”
Lilly stood to her feet and glared at him.  “I can do whatever I want.  It’s not harming anybody.” 
Jess rolled his eyes, “It’s harming me…its annoying.  And distracting.”
Another person chimed in from the opposite end of the fire, “Hey both of you! Shut the hell up.  Jess: leave her alone.  Lilly: I’m sorry, but stop praying for now.  We need to plan our escape route.”
Lilly let out a sigh of annoyance and sat back down. Jess followed suit. 
“Alright fine…” Lilly said.
“Whatever. I know you don't believe in that crap either.” Jess grumbled. 
The third one turned back to his plans, “It doesn't matter right now, Jess. Okay…so they have this exit blocked off, which means we need to go through…”
Suddenly, the window on the side of the room shattered, and several armor-clad soldiers beached the room. 
“We’ve found them! We found the Soraphim!” The one in charge shouted. 
“Excellent!  Kill them!” The leader shouted. 
The one called Jess stood up and ignited a spark of black electricity in his hand, and proceeded to fry the officer that had just barked the order. 
“James!” Jess shouted to the third guy, “They’ve found us!” 
James ignited a set of flames in his own hands, and attacked the invading soldiers along with James, “Come on! Sean, Lilly, Jess, Cassie! We’ve got to get out of here!” 
The battle faded from my vision, and I heard a voice erupt from behind me.
Ben…
I shook my head in confusion.  Did someone just call my name?
Ben…
Wait…I knew that voice…its Ariana…
Ben…please come back to me…
I turned around and looked at the door. A shining beam of light illuminated the outline of the door.  The voice continued to echo from it. 
I turned around and looked at the door, hearing the words echo over and over again. I walked toward the door and grabbed the handle.  Upon twisting it and opening it, a bright light engulfed me and I was brought back…
...

I woke up to see Ariana resting her head on my chest, and her hand on mine.  I brushed my fingers through her hair a few times, and then shook her shoulder to wake her up. 
“Hey Ari…wake up.” I said, putting my hand on her shoulder. 
She blinked her eyes multiple times before finally opening them all the way.  She then sat up straight, “Ben! You’re awake!” She then gave me a tight hug, squeezing all the air out of me. 
“Ari…” I said, wheezing, “You’re crushing me…”
She released me and sat back in her chair, “Oh…sorry.”
“Don’t worry.  It’s alright.” I gave her a smile. 
She returned the smile, and then rested her elbows on the side of the bed. “So how are you feeling?”
The truth is, I actually felt…good.  Aside from those dreams I was having, I physically felt pretty awesome. 
I removed the blanket that was over me and swung my legs over the side of the bed, and then I jumped off and stretched out my muscles. I turned around and looked at Ariana, “Pretty good...actually, I feel really good.” 
Then I walked to the window and looked outside.  The sky was slightly overcast, but the setting sun crept through like a cracks in a lava rock, “I feel like going for a walk.  What about you?”
Ariana shifted her feet nervously. “Dad said we had to stay inside the house…”
I gave her a wary look, “Why…?”
“Because he said we could get attacked or something like that…either way, I really wouldn’t recommend it, especially after what just happened.” She said, looking at me with pleading eyes. 
I sighed in annoyance. Of course, this was her father speaking through her again.  Although I might not want to admit it, Zachariel was right.  He was just doing what he had to do to protect his daughter.
I exhaled in exasperation. “Alright…we’ll do this your way…we’ll stay here Ari.”
She gave a tiny nod in relief.  “Okay good…I’m sorry Ben…”
I shrugged. “It’s alright Ari.  Well what are we gonna do in the meantime?”
She momentarily looked out the window and then looked back at me.  “Well the sun is setting.  So…how about a board game or something?”
I scoffed.  I never really liked board games (considering I was never really good at them).  I'm pretty sure even a three year old could beat me at checkers if he had the chance. 
“I’m sorry Ariana.  I’m really not good at board games.”
She gazed at me steadily and opened her eyes wide, forming her “puppy dog” stare. “Please?”  
I hesitated.  I could resist…if I tried hard enough…Ahhh…nope I couldn’t resist.  I sighed as I gave in, “Alright Ari…what game did you have in mind?” 
Ariana smirked at me, as if I had fallen into a trap of some sort. “Well…I like chess.”
I nodded slowly and warily.  “Okay…let’s go ahead and get a game set up.”
...

Out of five games, I had beaten Ben at ALL of them.  Mostly because I was just that awesome at chess, and partially because he really sucked at this game.  
I had just toppled his king when he sighed in obvious exasperation. He looked back up, and I gave him a cute grin, paired with puppy dog eyes. 
“Wanna go another round?”
Honestly, I actually thought he would just give up at this point.  But surprisingly he agreed.  As many times as I’ve kicked his butt already, this guy just kept persevering.  
As we were setting up the game pieces, we conversed. 
“So…how long have you been playing violin?” He asked randomly. 
“My whole life…A friend of Dad's named Kira had Ole’ Betsy over there in a closet.” I pointed to the violin resting on the chair. 
Ben raised an eyebrow, “You named your violin…?” 
I returned the look, “Yeah.  Why not?”
He held his stare for about five more seconds and then dropped it, paying attention to his pawns. “Yeah I suppose you have a point…anyway can I go first?” 
I nodded and watched him as he moved the left-most pawn forward. He looked at me and said, “Your move.”
I repeated the move, only opposite. “Your turn.”
Ben silently moved a pawn, and then asked, “Where’s Zachariel?”
“He went off somewhere to investigate what happened to you earlier…he said he wouldn’t be more than a day.” I said. 
“You mean that whole thing yesterday where I killed that demon…?” 
I nodded. Honestly it was scary seeing him like that…or him acting so violently.  It just wasn’t the Ben I knew.  What really scared me was the thought of me not even knowing who Ben was at all.  What if that monster was the real him?
“Yeah…you scared me you know.  You really did.” I admitted. 
“I wasn’t in that much trouble…I had it under control, Ari.  Did you see how easily I won that fight?” Ben said, balling up his fist and grinning. 
I shook my head. “Not what I meant Ben…I mean what happened AFTER you took her out.”
He tilted his head in curiosity, “What do you mean, Ari?”
I started shaking.  I didn’t know why…but every time I think back to that image, my skin crawls.
“You had this look in your eyes. Like you wanted to murder everyone in that square.  Your eyes were red.  Blood red. You almost matched the demon you had just killed…it was nothing but pure evil.” I quivered almost uncontrollably as the words escaped my mouth. 
Ben’s eyes widened in shock.  “I…looked like that?”
I nodded shakily.  I felt tears coming on, but wiped my face with my sleeve and thankfully, I was able to avoid it. 
Ben was starting to shake too, as if he didn’t like the thought of being evil, “I’m sorry that happened…I would never do anything to anybody like that.  I promise.” He gazed at me steadily, his eyes looked sad. 
I returned the gaze and began to lose myself in his stare. “You have really pretty eyes, Ben.” 
Ben sat up straight and blinked multiple times in blatant shock, “Umm…I do?”
I withdrew as well and silently cursed at myself.  I had just ruined a perfectly good moment.
Good job, the voice in my head remarked sarcastically. 
Shut up, I mentally told it.
Ben looked back up at me, “Well…I like your eyes too.  Very blue.” 
I blinked a few times and then turned away, because I knew I was blushing.  
He inched from his side of the board next to me and then brought his hand up to my cheek, “Ari…look at me.”
I complied and gazed into his gray eyes, and he stared back into mine.  He stared me down and we held the stare for about a solid minute. Only then did I realize what he was doing: He had distracted me long enough to topple my king and win the game.  
He grinned sheepishly, “I win."
My jaw hung open in disbelief, “Hey…that’s not fair! You distracted me…!”
He shrugged, still maintaining his grin.  Then he startled chuckling, “Well...I win fair and square.  So ha! Looks like I'm 'creative' after all...” 
I shoved him away playfully, “That’s still not fair! I demand a rematch!” 
I swear, this boy drove me nuts.  But this is the part of him that I adored so much…his real personality, not the creature I had seen earlier.  I liked him this way, and I didn’t ever want to see the other side of him again.
My thoughts we interrupted by him standing to his feet.  “Ha! Make me!” He shouted in a mocking tone. 
I jumped to my feet as well and ran after him.  I chased him around the room (knocking over all the chest pieces in the process) until I eventually caught him.  
I was about to shout a claim of victory until he started tickling my neck (which was my “weak” point) and I crumbled to the ground…obviously, Ben had figured out my weak spot. 
I laughed extremely hard and uncontrollably, “Ben…! No stop ahhahah…!!! Please…I’m ticklish stop!” 
When he wouldn’t stop, I tried and failed to use the puppy-dog stare on him, but was unable to form it due to being tickled.  So instead, I opted to act like I couldn’t breathe.  To my satisfaction, it worked.
Ben suddenly backed off, worried. “Hey Ari you okay…? I didn’t mean to…”
I surprised him with a barrage of my own tickle attacks, to which he shrunk away and accidentally backed into my nightstand, knocking the lamp over. 
We both gaped as the glass shattered and the light fizzled out.  We stood there awkwardly in the dark, only part of the room was illuminated due to the moonlight shining through the window. 
Finally Ben broke the silence, “Umm…sorry…”
I flipped my hair (which had come undone) out of my eyes. “It’s okay…I’m not mad, it was Dad’s lamp anyway.”
“Wait…so it was your Dad’s lamp…?”
Oh crud.  Dad wouldn’t be so happy about Ben breaking his lamp.
“Um...yeah sorry, you’re pretty much dead at this point.” I teased.
We both heard a knock at the door, which I thought was Dad.  I ran out of the room, shouting “BEN DID IT!” 
“IT WAS AN ACCIDENT! I SWEAR...!” Ben shouted in defense, running after me. 
I ran up to the door and swung it open, expecting to find Dad.  Instead there was tall man with long, pointy, jet-black hair.  He had sharp, judgmental red eyes, but the red in his eyes was more like a scarlet. Instead of his sclera being white, they were a very dark shade of gray, adding further contrast to his scarlet eyes.  On his back, he carried a sword, complete with upper-body armor and a long, gray cloak.  
Ben came out of the room next, shouting “Mr. Zachariel...I...” But he paused in shock for a second, and then pulled me back from the door, thrusting me behind him protectively, 
“Who are you??” Ben shouted.
He stared at us blankly, and then said “I heard there was a Soraphim here.  A Soraphim named Ben.”
I spoke up next, “What do you want with him?”
He leveled his gaze at me, and then his eyes narrowed, 
“It doesn't matter.  I am going to find him...” He put one hand on the handle of his sword, and glared coldly, 
“And neither of you will get in my way.” 
Chapter 10
Ancient Legends
I flew through the mountains in the cold of the night, occasionally dodging a bird or two.  My thoughts were solely focused on the sake of the village…and Ariana.  
I needed to find out what was wrong with Ben…desperately.  He shouldn’t have been able to finish off a demon with that kind of strength…in fact, he shouldn’t have been alive at all. Assuming that he finished off the first demon, how could he have possibly gotten there quick enough? The last I saw of him, he was running through the streets, away from the demon.
There’s also what Ariana described.  She said Ben had taken on a demonic appearance…
There’s that to answer too, I thought.
Soon, I found myself near the cavern entrance.  The tall, curved wooden arch loomed over as I landed below it and retracted my wings.  
I stood up straight and took in a deep breath.  I spoke as I let it out, “Well…time to figure out this little issue.”
I walked into the cavern.  Initially, it was just like any other cave (minus the fact that it had torches) with walls of chunky, cracked stone.  An eerie feeling echoed off the walls of the cave and reflected off my skin. The feeling wasn’t exactly demonic in nature, but still it had a strange tone to it…as if it were Azrael, the angel of death himself. 
Then it hit me.  It sure wasn’t Azrael, but when I said “angel”, it must have not been that far off…
I turned around just in time to block a strike from a blazing silver sword, its owner hidden in shadows. 
I jumped back and drew my own weapon, but lowered it upon realizing who my attacker was. 
“Gabriel, you really have to stop attacking me like that...that really does get old.” I remarked. 
My attacker lowered his blade as well. He walked out of the shadows.  “Sorry Zachariel…you know we have to keep each other on edge, I mean, you know we could get ambushed at any moment.”
I chuckled.  That was a personal joke from our older days, back on Earth when the war was being fought.  Part of me missed those days, and part of me never wanted to see them again.
“Well, those days are over.  Right now we both live relatively peaceful lives…” I eyed him carefully, “Or so I’m told.”
He stepped out of the shadows.  Gabriel had shoulder length silver hair with sharp, silver eyes. He wore a knee-length tunic, with a silver belt embroidered with the language of the holy.  He had a permanent smirk on his face, like he was always planning some sort of practical joke on everyone. 
Gabriel slung the sword over his shoulder and attached it to the sheath.  Then he took a step forward and shrugged.  “Well…I may take an adventure or two every now and then, but mostly I keep to the books…” He sighed in annoyance, “Not exactly the finest job for an Archangel.”
I nodded, “True.  Well in any case, it’s nice to see you brother..." I put my hand on his shoulder, and then removed it, “I’m afraid I can’t stay and chat too long…I’m actually on urgent business.”
“Need information on something?” Gabriel asked, beginning to walk further into the cave. 
I nodded, “Yes…well, something strange happened at my village.  First, Ariana brings back this boy…”
“Ahh Ariana! I haven't seen her since she was twelve years old...how is she these days?” he asked.
I shrugged, “She is…alright for the moment.  Anyway, she brings home this boy from the middle of the woods.  He has no idea who he is, or where he came from, or what he is.  Later on in the week,  Ariana admitted to me that she had feelings for him…”
“Uh oh…boy trouble? Guess that didn't come with the job description...” Gabriel sarcastically remarked. 
I shook my head, “No, but soon these she-demons infiltrate and attack our village.  I was able to take down one before having to deal with a bunch of imps, but I go back to town square and find that he had already taken down the second demon….by snapping its neck.”
Gabriel stopped in his tracks, his eyes widening, “How was he able to do this?” he asked. 
“Exactly my point.  What’s more is that Ariana described him as having a demonic appearance, complete with red eyes and black and red smoke swirling about him….and then he passed out.” I finished with a sigh. 
“Well…I must say Zachariel, I have never heard of anything like this before…”
I looked at him, “Should we check the records and see?”
Gabriel scoffed, “I highly doubt that will help…I’ve read the majority of the records, but then again I might have overlooked a few…” He scratched his beard, pondering my dilemma. “Alright.  Let’s go look.” 
 ...

We looked for several hours.  So far, we couldn’t find anything that was even remotely similar to what Ariana saw.  The only creatures with red eyes were demons and demon-hosts…and I knew for sure that Ben wasn’t a demon; otherwise I would have been able to sense a sinister aurora to him…
 I opened another scroll, titled “Soraphim.” I placed a weight down to keep the scroll open, and I looked at its contents.  The scroll read: 
“Soraphim: A race created by Yahweh.  Went extinct at the beginning of the First Rebellion.”
My eyes widened.  I kept on reading. 
Class: UNKNOWN
Abilities: UNKNOWN
Soraphim? What was this? I’d never heard of such creatures before…I thought to myself.
I stopped reading and tapped Gabriel on the shoulder, 
“Gabriel!” I said,  “In all of my years, I have never heard of “Soraphim” before…”
Gabriel frowned, “The Soraphim were a race of beings created by The Creator, right after the angels, and before the humans.  They lived in a different realm peacefully, until my fallen brother had attempted to sway them over to his cause…”
His fallen brother…every angel knew who that was.
I stared at him, “And did he…?”
Gabriel shook his head.  “No.  They remained loyal to The Creator to the end.  And in return for that, the fallen legions slaughtered them into nonexistence…” He breathed out heavily. “It’s really a shame…I knew one of them.  A Soraphim named Raziel.” 
“What was he like?” I asked. 
“Well…he looked pretty much like any human or angel.  Minus the wings, and he had long, black hair and gray eyes.  He was also somewhat cynical, even in the beginning...”
Wait a minute… I thought, black hair…gray eyes…sounds like…
“Wait!  You said black hair and gray eyes correct?” I asked frantically. 
Gabriel stared at me suspiciously, “Yeah…why?”
“It…it describes Ben perfectly…” I said, standing to my feet in the process. 
Gabriel shook his head, “No…It can’t be.  They’re all gone.” 
I focused my eyes back on the scroll. I didn’t know what, but there was some sort of connection between the Soraphim and Ben.
“You said they were exterminated…?” I asked.
Gabriel sat back down in a chair, “As far as we know.  No known Soraphim exist at this point.”  He spun a small scroll in his hand, “I really have searched and searched.  I have journeyed to the other realms, but have found no trace.  The Creator has refused to disclose anything about them, and also I could not find where that they originated from. It’s so frustrating…I mean, first they are here, and next they are gone.”
I nodded my head understandingly. “You lost one of your closest friends that day didn’t you? The day the Soraphim were wiped out?” 
Gabriel dipped his head, his long silver hair covering his face, “I did.  He was one of the first beings I had met after being created…he was also a good friend.”
The pain of losing a friend…that was something we both had in common. 
I sat there for a second, and then I stood up to my full height and put a hand on his shoulder, “Don’t worry Gabriel.  We’ll find out what happened eventually…I promise” 
He looked back up at me and managed a half of the sly smile that he usually wore.  Then he stood up and clasped my hand, and shook it firmly. 
“We will.  So let’s keep looking for more…”
Just then, a bunch of papers randomly scattered into the air from their respective places.  Gabriel and I spun around, our swords drawn to counter whoever came in the room. 
Standing there was a young messenger angel, bent over in exhaustion.  “Archangel Gabriel…” He attempted to kneel as a sign of respect, but collapsed instead. 
Both Gabriel and I dropped our swords and reached out to catch the young angel.  He fell mainly in Gabriel’s hands, but I checked his vitals to make sure he was alright.  Thankfully, he was only scraped up. 
“What is your name?” Gabriel asked.
“My name…is Eli…” He responded weakly. 
“Who did this to you..?” I asked as I was checking him. 
He managed to spit out a few words, “This…person…wore…a gray cloak and had long black hair…” 
“Where? Where was he?!”
“River…rivergl….” he coughed some more and passed out.  
Riverglade.  Whoever this person was, he was at Riverglade…where Ariana was.
“Riverglade.  Gabriel, Ariana is in Riverglade…” I quickly picked up my sword and handed Eli to Gabriel, “I’m sorry old friend, but I have to go…”
Gabriel seemed to be locked in a trance, but snapped out of it and quickly checked his wrist. “He’s alright…he still has spirit flowing in him.” He grabbed him and put his arm around his neck, “I’ll take care of him, and meet you later.  Go take care of Ariana!”
I nodded, and then dashed out of the cavern, into the night sky. I flew at such a velocity that even the messenger angels would have had a difficult time keeping up.  
I hope Ariana is okay…I thought. 
But who was this mysterious figure that the messenger described? Was he a fallen angel? Only something like that would have the speed to injure a messenger like that…but then again, it couldn’t be Ben… his hair wasn’t that long and he didn’t have a gray cloak…
I deviated to the left to avoid a cluster of birds, and then swerved back to my regular flight path.  The mountains flew by in a quickened blur that resembled a blur of paint. I opened my wings to their full length and caught the air beneath them, propelling me further into the air. 
All that was left to do was haste toward Riverglade to protect Ariana, and pray to the Creator that I would be fast enough…
Chapter 11
Raziel
I stood there in shock, staring at the stranger.  His scarlet eyes glared into mine, and his hand still rested on the handle of his sword. 
He broke the silence, “I’ll ask again…where is the Soraphim? I don’t have all day.” He slowly began to pull the sword out of its sheath.
I reached to the side to grab a coat rack that had been next to the door as a defensive weapon, but the stranger grabbed me by the throat and hoisted me up in the air, “I’ll ask you ONE MORE TIME!!!” He threw me against the wall with overwhelming strength and proceeded to grab me by the throat again, this time pulling his sword all the way out, and he ignited it with a darkened flame, “WHERE IS HE?!” 
I looked into his scarlet red eyes.  Inside of the iris, there was an odd triangular shape, with the dark red coloring in the background…but I could also see something else: desperation and anger.  Whatever he wanted, he wanted it badly. 
“What the hell is a Soraphim?” I managed to say, despite being choked. 
He sighed in anger, “Well…I guess you don’t know then.  I’m sorry, but I’m going to have to send your soul to its final destination.  Goodbye.” He raised his sword.
I looked over at Ariana.  I didn’t notice before, but she had been bound to the wall by the dark flame, and she was struggling to get out.  Whatever the cost, she had to get away.
I struggled, but managed to get my hands on his wrist.  
Come on...I need that power I used earlier…
I reached deep inside myself and suddenly my hands began to smoke very rapidly. I glanced at Ariana one more time and told her to get ready to go. Her face told me exactly what she was thinking: No…don’t do it…not again…
He glanced at Ariana, “I wonder if she’s actually the Soraphim... You seem to be extremely protective of her…”
I looked at Ariana.  Get ready! I mouthed.
Her eyes were practically begging, Ben…no…
I looked back at the man and focused all of my energy into my smoking hands, and suddenly they caught aflame and burned his wrist, causing him to release me and Ariana.
He stepped back, shouting in pain and then looked at me with utter shock.  Then his eyes narrowed, “So…it’s you.”
I took a step forward, trembling.  My hands were aflame with the dark matter that I had used to finish off Alexis the she-demon. I felt all sorts of emotion…in this case however, anger was dominant.
The stranger regained his composure and stared at me.  His long, dark hair was covering his left eye, so his right eye seemed to burn even brighter as he kept his gaze.  Then the stranger chuckled, “Funny.  I thought I was the only one.” 
I charged him and attempted to punch him.  He simply held up his arm and swatted it aside, like it was nothing more than an annoying fly.
I threw another at him in frustration, which he too blocked. 
He scoffed as he blocked the attack, “You’ve got to be kidding me.” 
I threw a third punch, but he caught it in midair and looked at it.  
“Surely you can do more than punch.  You're not impressing me.” He said, his scarlet eyes assessing me in a cold and unforgiving manner. 
I opened my fist and nailed him in the face with a huge blaze of the dark flame.  When it subsided, the rims of his hair caught fire and his face was slightly scorched. 
He stood there, holding my wrist, although I managed to get him with the hellfire, he seemed unfazed.  Then he smirked, “Not bad…” He then proceeded to throw me through the wall of the house, out onto the street, “Not bad at all…”
I stood up shaking.  My arms were bruised all the way up to my forearm, my legs felt like jelly and my face felt bloated like a puffer fish.  At this point, I was sick and tired of getting thrown into buildings.  After all, I’m only human.  I’m not Superman or anything. 
Apparently that’s not what this guy thought.  Before I knew it, he had disappeared into a cloud of smoke.  
Instantly the jaws theme song had begun to play in my head and I twisted around violently, looking for the spot that he would re-appear at. My arms were ablaze with hellfire as my eyes darted all over the place, searching for any signs of his re-appearance. 
Suddenly, a voice called up from above: “Up here!”
I began to raise my eyes and my arms upward but it was too late.  He had materialized and pinned me to the ground.  I struggled, but it was useless, the stranger had been standing on my stomach and was holding my hands against the ground. 
“Well that wasn’t much of a fight…it’s hard to believe you’re even one of my race.” He said, “Huh.  You’re weak. ”
Weak. The word echoed in my mind for a few seconds after he spoke it.  To be honest, I hated it. But something deep inside of me knew that he was right.  I had been weak.  I had been self-less. I had thought that I could achieve inner peace. I had compassion.  I thought I could have a good life.  But these things made me weak.  Why was I even his way in the first place? 
He continued to stare down at me.  “Well, I guess you’re coming with me now.  Wouldn’t want The Creator or Lucifer to get their hands on you.” 
“No…” I replied in a snarky tone. 
He shook his head in disbelief, like I had just insulted him, “Excuse me?” 
“I…said…no…” as I said the words, a large red force had engulfed my body and forced him away. It slowly began to form a humanoid shape with wings protruding from its back.  Black armor made out of smoke began to take shape around the figure, encasing it so that it looked like bright lava shining through the cracks of volcanic rock. 
I spoke again, but this time my words with were mixed with something else.  Something…darker.  “I am not weak. And I’m going to prove it by taking you down  I hope you’re ready to get your tail kicked.” 
The stranger’s eyes widened in shock. Then they returned to their normal state and he chuckled. “I see you summoned a Nephilim Shell…now you have officially impressed me.”
A Nephilim…what? Under normal circumstances, I would ponder the word and wonder where I had heard it before, but I didn’t care.  As of now, it was just a tool for me. 
“At any rate, you’ll still be mine. Nephilim Shell or not.” He remarked. 
I stared at him nonchalantly. “Bring it then.”
We once again exchanged a flurry of blows, attacking each other with such fierce speed that we would look like mere blurs to the naked eye. Then we stopped, taking a moment to recover.  My armor had evaporated, yet the stranger somehow didn’t seem as exhausted as I was. 
His face contorted in slight frustration.  “You are stubborn, I’ll give you that. Eventually you’ll see the truth.  I know you’re not from around here. I could help you find the answers if you would just come with me. I could help you find out what really happened…”
My eyes widened. Could this stranger really find out what happened to me?
He smiled, pleased that he had finally hooked my attention.  “I promise you…I will help you find the truth.”
“Okay…prove it.  Tell me something I don’t know.”  I said, not breaking off my stare. If he knew something I didn't, then he would have to show me. 
“Ben…please don’t talk to that man…I don’t like him.” Ariana said tentatively in the background. 
I turned back to her and gave her a reassuring smile, “Ariana!  It’s okay…I’ll figure it out. You should go find shelter while I handle this guy.” I turned back to the stranger, “Who are you anyway?” 
He stared at me with his cold, scarlet eyes. “You may call me Raziel.” 
Raziel…the name didn’t really seem familiar.  But if getting his name meant I was one step closer to finding the truth, then so be it. 
“Anything else you want to know?” Raziel asked. 
“Well…like I said before.  Tell me something about myself that I don’t already know.” I said, raising my voice. 
“Well I don’t know what lies you’ve been told, but you are not human. You are a Soraphim.” 
A Soraphim? I’m not human…? What was a "Soraphim" anyway..?
“But…I have memories of Earth…I have a name.” I protested. 
“Oh, you might have been on Earth.  You might even have lived a normal life without ever discovering your abilities or even perhaps had a family, but I can tell you…you may look human, but you are NOT one of them.” He snarled. 
Not human?  This didn’t make any sense…I couldn’t be…
Raziel smirked. “You really aren’t. The fact that you summoned the astral shell of a Nephilim without the Creator’s power means that you are like me.  We are both Soraphim, Ben.  Look…come with me, and I can show you everything about our race and the secrets of your past on Earth.  All you need to do is follow me.”
Suddenly, Ariana ran out in front of me, spreading her arms in a protective manner. 
“Ari!!! Stop!!! I don’t want him to hurt you!!!” I exclaimed. 
Ariana wouldn’t budge. “No! He stays with me!!! You leave him alone sir!!!” She pointed a stick in his face as if it would automatically send him running in the other direction crying for mommy. 
Raziel’s eyes widened in shock, amazed that Ariana had stood up to him like that. “Well…that was brave.” He mused. 
Ariana stared at him, shaking.  I could tell that she was frightened, but also that she wasn’t going to budge.  This was the rock-hard determination that I had come to admire in Ariana. 
“Sir…please…leave him alone.” She said tentatively. 
Raziel simply stood there and scoffed. “Well you’re polite, I’ll give you that.  But I’m leaving here with him, regardless of what you do. Your little boyfriend here is destined for something much greater than you, so if you would please…” He hissed, “Get out of the damn way.”
 I heard a noise that sounded like crying coming from Ariana, “No…no…he…” 
Raziel took a step forward and began to raise his sword, “I said…MOVE!!!!” 
 All of a sudden Ariana screamed at the top of her lungs, “NOOOO!!! NO! I AM NOT LEAVING HIM! HE STAYS WITH ME! I DON’T CARE WHAT YOU SAY MISTER! IT’S YOU WHO SHOULD GO AWAY!” She proceeded to throw the stick at him, which bounced harmlessly off his chest. 
Raziel stood there blankly, his sword raised above his head like a statue of a golfer getting ready to take a swing.  He lowered his sword to hip level, “Well then…” he said as he shrugged, “I’ve got nothing.  I certainly didn’t expect you to react like that.  But of course, nothing changes. I’m still going to…”
All of a sudden Raziel evaporated into a puff of smoke, which reunited and combined to form Raziel again, only this time he was about ten feet away. In his stead, stood Zachariel, with his sword raised and pointed at the Raziel's face. 
“I've found you...” Zachariel stated with a fierce look in his eye. 
Raziel narrowed his eyes and straightened his stance, “It would appear you have.”  Suddenly, his scarlet eyes began to glow, “It is pointless however.  I will claim the boy, and you will die...” He pointed toward Ariana, “...both of you...”
Zachariel spread his wings to their full length in defiance, and then drew them back in as he sped toward Raziel.
Raziel responded by running at Zachariel, with his blade held in reverse grip, and soon their blades collided repeatedly. 
Whoa...honestly I think Raziel was taking it easy on me, because these guys fought like ninjas.  I mean, they were like literal blurs.  The way the fought was reminiscent of the way that a hawk and a bear would go at it: Zachariel leapt into the air and attacked from above multiple times, which Raziel stuck to ground mainly, fending off blows from Zachariel while trying to land a few of his own. 
Finally after Zachariel managed to land a well placed kick on Raziel's stomach, he sent him sprawling backward, into the oak tree at town square.  
Zachariel stood there, trying to catch his breath.  About a minute after, he stood to his full height and closed his eyes.  He spoke the angelic language, and soon a beam of light came down from the sky.  As the light faded, a young-looking angel appeared, with a dagger out, ready to attack. 
“Zachariel!” He looked around at the damage to the town, and then turned back to him, “What happened here?” 
“Quriel, there still might be citizens around here.  I evacuated most of them earlier, but there might be more.  Go find them, if there are any...and Quriel! One more thing!”
“Yes sir?”
He gestured toward Ariana and I, “Take him too...have him gather his belongings from the house, and send him from the village.  Tell him to go to the village up from here, Kira is the angel there.  She will tell him what to do...”
The angel cupped his hand into a fist and smacked against his right breastplate, which I figured must have been like a salute or something. 
 He ran toward us and said, “Sir...”
“My name is Ben...”
“...Ben, you need to get out of here...go to the house and pack your things.”
Leave? Why did I need to leave? I couldn't just leave him and Ariana...
“No! I'm not going anywhere without him or Ariana!" I turned to Zachariel, "I'll stay and fight with you! I can fight...”
Zachariel turned his head, “No! You need to go!  Your power is dangerous, Ben!”
“So? I can control it! I can...”
This time Zachariel spun a one-eighty and turned to face me.  He sped over to me and put his hand on my shoulder, “Ben...listen...”
The world suddenly slowed down, and it was in this time that I realized the moon was no longer shining; the bluish purple sky was no longer there.  The fires from the battle were roaring at an all-time high.
I turned and looked at what was left of Riverglade village...it was in ruins. The town square, the annoying buildings...everything was gone, even the people.  They had left to head north to the neighboring village in order to reach safety.
All this destruction...from me? 
Zachariel shook me out of it, “You are not normal.  This power...I really don't know, or even understand what it is. But you need to go on a journey to discover more about yourself.  The angel in the next village will help you...she can give you instruction.  Her name is Kira.” He explained, glancing at the house behind me. 
Suddenly, a voice was heard from the ruins of town square, “You cannot run, child!  You are the last of my people, and I WILL NOT LOSE YOU TO ANYBODY!” He took a tentative step forward, holding his hand out, “Ben...please come with me.  We can rebuild our race.  All you have to do is take my hand.  We can discover your purpose, the truth behind your life...”
I stared blankly.  The noise of the fire had been drowned out by the words of Raziel.  Despite the fact that he had tried to forcefully take me and kill Ariana earlier, I still felt tempted to go with him...the concept of the truth was alluringly tempting. 
Ariana ran up to me and brought me back to reality.  “Look at me, Ben...stay with me.  Just look at my eyes.”
“Ari...I...”
Before I could finish my sentence, there was a crack of bright lightning from the sky.  The ground below where it had struck began to shift, and a fifty foot tall being stood up against the dark skies. It was a completely black figure, with blazing red eyes and horn-like structures protruding from the sides of his head.  He opened his mouth, which was red like his eyes, and let out a roar that darkened the light of the moon to a blood red color.  
Raziel's eyes widened.  “It can't be...it...those aren’t supposed to be in Eden...” Then he looked at me, “No wonder...they must want him really badly...”
“Why do they want me??? Who is they???” I asked frantically. 
Zachariel began pushing me towards the house, “Never mind him, just get your things and get out of here...Riverglade is not safe anymore...” he looked around at the wreckage, “In fact, the village itself is no more.  Now run! Go!”
“Dad!? What about me?” Ariana cried out.
“Ari...” He began as he wiped a tear from her cheek, “You know the way out...you know how to get to the neighboring village, correct?”
Ariana began to choke on her tears, “Yeah...”
Zachariel exhaled, “Good...you take Ben, show him the way out.  Make your way...”
His words were interrupted by Ariana's hug, “Daddy...please...”
He looked her dead in the eyes, “Ariana...you two both need to be safe.  I need you to be strong...for you, and for Ben...okay?”
She nodded, reluctantly pulling away from Zachariel. She then grabbed me by the hand, running back toward the house.  
Soon, we arrived in the house, which was considerably intact, and we began to scramble for food and clothing to take with us. (Ariana didn't need any, considering her ability to spawn any set of clothes at will) and also grabbed her violin and bow.  We dashed out of the house just as it had been partially blown up by a meteor thrown by the newly-arrived Giant.  
We ran into the forest that we had run into a few nights before, but this time when we arrived at the cliff, we ran along it instead of over it, taking the road that had been carved along that path.  
“Hurry Ben! To the tunnel!
I looked ahead and saw it, a tunnel that was dug into the mountainside.  I looked behind us and saw another meteor strike the ground from where we just were, and the force of the blast sent us spiraling into the cave.  
Ariana had a decent landing, but I fell and hit my head, and ultimately found my consciousness heading into darkness just as Ariana worriedly cried out my name... 
Chapter 12
The Wicked Giant
I saw the explosion from the meteor sent far off by the beast. It rocked and decimated a large part of the forest that I had sent Ariana and Ben into, but fortunately away from the path...
I turned my attention to the giant, who was preparing another flaming meteor in his hand. 
I sped toward the towering creature, my blade at the ready; however he spotted me and began to counter my approach using his standard, troublesome fireball attack. 
A meteor sailed past my left wing and struck the ground behind me in a deafening blast, the force of the explosion sending me flying forward into a pile of rubble. 
I recovered myself and spread my wings to their full length, catching the wind and shooting into the sky once again, drawing my blade and readying it to strike.
I floated in mid-air, observing and assessing the giant for a weak spot. My eyes darted to all visible sections of his body, looking for a possible armor opening...
No! There has to be an opening...I've got to stop this giant...
I gripped the handle of my sword tightly and jumped at the giant.  As I flew by I made a swift cut into his side, and then rebounded off of a nearby rock to make another swift cut on the neck of the creature, and finally a gash near his rib cage, causing it to clutch the wound in pain. 
Suddenly, I heard the voice of Raziel behind me, “You look to be having a hard time...” He sarcastically remarked. 
I responded by swinging my sword at him, only for it to be hastily blocked by his own burning blade, sparks flew as the ethereal metals clanged together in an eerily non-rhythmic tone that was anything BUT music to my ears. 
I swung at him again, “Get...” The swords met in midair, “BACK!” 
Raziel continued to block my blows, although I noted that he didn't seem to be on the offensive, which was odd, considering the death threat he made a few minutes ago.
Raziel dissipated into a dark smoke cloud and reappeared about twenty feet or so away from where I stood. He sat on a pile of rubble, half-leaning on the hilt of his sword and glaring at me. “You angels are idiots.  You know you can't take that Giant out by yourself...” 
I readied my sword and shouted “Watch me!” before getting pummeled by a large, airborne rock.  
Raziel scoffed, “I'm watching...”
The rock had knocked me to the ground.  I prepared to recover and engage Raziel and the beast, but Raziel had already materialized above me and held his blade against my throat, 
“Now listen you stubborn cherub.  Under normal circumstances, I would just kill you and send you to your Creator...”
“Then do it.” I snapped coldly. 
“Perhaps another day.  However, these are not normal circumstances, considering there is a Wicked Giant trying to capture that boy...and he will kill me and turn you into fairy dust to do it.  He will also kill your precious Ariana...”
I tried to retrieve my sword and attack him, but Raziel held my arm in place with his foot and placed his blade closer to my throat, 
“Stop fidgeting and LISTEN to me! If you want Ariana to live, then we have to take down the Wicked Giant.  Considering that I have only been able to kill one, and that you can barely scratch the thing, you and I will need to work together, to bring this beast down!” He removed his sword and offered his hand to help me up, “Now what do you say, Cherub?” 
I exhaled in annoyance and took his hand, allowing him to help me to my feet.  “Fine...and I am not a Cherub...I have a name...”
Raziel scoffed again, “And what is your name...?”
I opened my mouth to speak when I noticed a shadow loom over us.  Raziel took notice as well, and a split second afterward we both sprang backward out of the way, in our place was a black, armor-clad foot that had attempted to stomp us. 
Raziel shot me a look and said, “I need you to distract it! Fly around and get it to fire a meteor!!!” 
I gave him a questioning look and asked, "Those meteors are devastating...we want to prevent them! Not cause them to create even more havoc!!! What are you thinking Raziel???"
Raziel shook his head, "Trust me, angel.  I have a hunch about this creature..." A large foot then tried to crush him, but Raziel evaporated into a black cloud of smoke and partially reappeared on the roof of a still-standing building.  The smoke was slowly still forming the rest of him, but he shouted to me, "JUST DO IT! I need to figure out something about it!!!" 
As far as I knew, Raziel claimed to have knowledge about this "Wicked Giant", which was far more than I have...as much as I felt angst toward Raziel for trying to kill Ariana, and take Ben...we had to work together to defeat this beast.
"Alright Raziel...I'll distract it!!!" I told him. 
Raziel nodded toward me, and then a plume of smoke erupted from his robes, encompassing him completely.  It then began illuminate with an orange glow, forming a twenty foot humanoid figure, slowly the smoke formed into dark, misshapen armor, complete with a long sword and a shield at the ready.  Finally, the facial features formed into a duplicate of Raziel's, making the large figure a modified gray version of Raziel's normal form. 
I briefly glanced at my sword and sighed. Raziel can transform into a Nephilim and he wants me to distract the beast...wonderful.
I shook it off and leapt into the air, preparing to strike the beast.
...

I watched as the angel leapt into the air to strike or distract the beast.  I had mostly formed the Nephilim shell, complete with my shield and long sword, but I still needed to test both this and my little theory...
The angel was flying in a sped-up, irregular orbit around the Giant, distracting it as I had asked him to.  Unfortunately, he had yet to light up another flaming projectile...
I flexed the frame of the Nephilim shell and jumped off of the roof of the building, running toward the beast.  Once I had reached it, I tackled it's legs, knocking it backward into one of the larger buildings.  As the giant fell backward, it sent a shock wave of sound that would have sent any normal human flying.  
The beast roared in anger and began to recover. I incoherently cursed in frustration and leapt onto the beast's chest, pummeling it with pure force.  If this worked right, it would force the Giant to the point where he would have to use his main offensive weapon...the meteor, which despite the angel's protests; I needed it to transfer his energy, which would expose the major vein that his power traveled through...
I continued to attack the beast in a flurry of blows, each hit creating a loud BOOM noise that surely echoed across the landscape, but the beast would not give in...It’s like he almost knew what I was trying to do. 
Wait a minute...I thought, what if...
The giant reacted before my thought could finish.  He had grabbed my arm and sent me hurling through the air, crashing into a medium-sized fountain.  I groaned in pain, but I got to my feet and watched as the Giant recovered, slowly walking over to finish me off.  
I frantically glanced to the side, and there stood the angel, getting ready to assault the beast once more. As he raised his sword to strike, I held out my hand and mouthed wait, and the angel reluctantly halted.  He looked at me impatiently, eager to attack the giant again.
I turned my attention away from the angel, and watched the Giant as he ever so slowly advanced.  Each thundering step I almost felt a sense of dread, but my mind was as focused and sharp and my sword was, and in reality I knew I had nothing to fear.  Simply put, before he had thrown me, I figured out why he refused to throw any more fireballs...it was because he couldn't. 
I grinned in satisfaction.  This meant that besides attempting to stomp on me, he had one more move left...and based on my personal experience with these beasts; they only reserved them for finishing off an enemy...which gave me the advantage.
I let my weapons clatter to the ground, and clutched my shoulder in pretend pain, acting like a helpless child that had just fallen off of a bicycle (which is normally beneath me, but in this particular case I had to) and I gave one more glance to the angel, and mouthed get ready...
The angel gave me a short, quizzical look but shook it off and nodded in acknowledgment.  He readied his sword and let his wings slide behind him, preparing for takeoff and muttering a bunch of words, most likely a prayer. 
 I looked back toward the Giant. He stood about thirty feet away, glaring down at me with his blazing red eyes. He opened his mouth, and the middle of his chest began to glow a bright red, as well as the rim of his mouth. 
I immediately stood up and shouted at the angel, "NOW!!! GO FOR THE CHEST NOW!!!"
The angel took off, and rocketed toward the chest of the great lumbering beast, and had blasted a hole straight through. The red eyes of the beast began to flicker and soon he fell to the ground with a great loud crash that shook the whole town.  
I grabbed my weapons, sheathed them, and reverted back to my normal form. The angel returned to me, landing next to me, cracking the ground as his feet met it.  He immediately walked up to me, grabbed me by the neck, and shoved me against a wall.  
"WHAT WAS THAT??? YOU SAID EARLIER THAT IT WANTED BEN!!!  WHY??" 
I grabbed the angel's wrist, and kicked him in the gut to get some distance between me and him.  Then I held on to his tunic, and likewise he drew his sword and held it in a threatening manner.  
 I chuckled at our little standoff. "Well played angel..."
"My name is Zachariel." He hissed.
"Whatever.  Anyways, that was a Wicked Giant..." I let go of his tunic and shoved him aside, “They are a race created by the fallen legions in order to help oppose the Creator.  Of course, they rebelled, devoured a few hundred demons, and disappeared into the different realms...the demons and angels alike hunted them down, and were thought to be extinct..." I glanced at the dissipating corpse of the Giant, "Well now they might be." I mused. 
The angel still glared at me. "You said it wanted Ben.  Why did it want Ben?! And also...why do YOU want Ben?" 
I exhaled, "Well I suppose someone conquered this particular beast and sent it after him, but I really have no idea why...but as for me..." I stared him straight in the eyes, "He is one of my race.  I just want to keep him out of angel and demon hands alike...his power is not for either side, it belongs to his people, and his people alone...Lucifer and the Creator will just have to deal with it." I announced in a defiant manner.  
Zachariel didn't break the stare, "But the Soraphim are extinct...wiped out..." 
"Obviously not, considering that I still live.  As curious as he is, Benjamin still lives too, so that's twice as much proof that we are not gone. We are very much alive. "
Zachariel took a small step backwards, taking in all the information, "And...what exactly are the Soraphim capable of...? Why do the demons want him so badly?" 
I shrugged.  Even though it bothered me to a degree, I didn't care why.  I had to capture "Ben", and find a female Soraphim, and I could begin my race anew...without any tyrants like Lucifer or the Creator.
But then again, deep down Ben's existence bothered me.  I was sure that all of my people were slaughtered by the fallen legions...so therefore Ben should NOT exist...unless...
A few of the pieces suddenly snapped into place.  I realized that the situation was for more complex then I had initially realized...I needed answers. I needed to find Ben. 
I did my best to hide my reaction, claiming, "I don't know angel.  I suppose you will have to figure it out..." I began to walk away and let myself dissipate into smoke.  
Zachariel began to chase after me, "WAIT! I still have more questions for you, Raziel! Get back here!!!" 
Zachariel tried to tackle me, but he might as well have tried to hug thin air.  It was useless. 
But as of now, the cold hard fact was that I had questions too.  I continued to ponder the dilemma as I completely vanished, whisking myself away in the ethereal wind... 
...

Raziel had vanished into thin air.  I was left standing there, my hand outstretched.  About half of my questions were answered, but his answers simply spawned a thousand more questions, which of course couldn't be answered, considering that he just left. 
I grimaced in keen frustration, but soon shook it off.  I needed to get to Ben and Ariana before Raziel, or the demons.
I sheathed my sword and looked around at what was left of Riverglade village.  Most of the buildings were rubble, and the town square was totally obliterated, but thankfully the people were evacuated safe and sound.
I looked at my house.  It was somewhat intact, but it was still damaged like the other buildings.  I stepped inside and walked to Ariana's room.  Her room was still partially destroyed, but her bed remained and a little stuffed bunny rabbit laid on it, next to her pillow. I picked up the stuffed animal and looked at it.  It was gray in color, with black buttons for eyes, and a little mouth sown in. 
Yes, I remember this... I thought, Ariana called it "Mr. Peter..." she had it with her when I first found her...
The room around me shifted to a medical clinic as I began to sink into my memories.  In the room was a doctor, who had just handed a pill bottle to a young woman.  She didn’t look a day over seventeen.
"So are you sure this will work?" A woman asked. She had dirty blonde hair, with several colored highlights in it. She also had black circles under her eyes, as if she were sleep-deprived. 
The doctor nodded, "Yes ma'am.  It should begin working when you feel a sharp pain in your stomach. The fetus is only three weeks old so it will dissolve, but..."
The woman hopped off the bench. She took a moment to feel her belly, and then looked at the pill. She seemed indecisive about it, as if she wasn't sure. She took a deep breath and whispered to herself, "Come on Alyssa...it's for him...remember what he promised." 
"Is everything alright, Ma'am?" The doctor asked. 
She looked at him and smiled nervously. "Yeah...my boyfriend told me to do it.  He said if I did it, he'd marry me...he said he already had a ring for me..."
The doctor raised an eyebrow, "He promised? Well…what is he like?" she asked out of curiosity.
"Well...he goes out most nights, working late but he's really cute.  Sometimes he acts like he doesn't care.  But I asked him about it and he said he'd change it by marrying me..." 
The doctor pondered her words, "Alyssa...ask yourself, do you love this man? Are you willing to avoid your baby's life for a life with him?"
She inhaled deeply, and then exhaled, "Yes...yes I am.  He promised me, after all..." 
"But ma'am, I strongly urge you to reconsider...he may not be the man you thought he was.  He may be lying…" the doctor began.
The woman rolled her eyes, now apparently angered. "My boyfriend wants me to get rid of it.  Then we'll get married!  He promised...So this is worth it!" She swallowed the pill and walked out of the door before the doctor could say anything else. 
I followed her out to the streets, where she walked up to a man with his back turned to her, 
"Hey babe! I got it done..." Then her mouth gaped open in shock.  The man was kissing another girl, and then he parted the kiss and looked at Alyssa, "Oh hey baby..."
Alyssa began throwing a fit, "WHO IS THIS SLUT? AND WHAT ARE YOU DOING KISSING HER?  AFTER WHAT I JUST DID FOR YOU???" 
"Listen, it's just..." He began. 
"YOU KNOW WHAT BRYAN? SCREW YOU! JUST...ARGGHH!" She shoved him to the side and ran down the street, crying her eyes out. I followed her to a street alleyway, where she collapsed against a wall.  
"I can't...he..." she said to herself through tears. “He just...ugh...the doctor was right..." then she looked at her stomach and rubbed it, "Well baby...looks like it's just you and me..."  Suddenly, she doubled over in pain, and shouted at the top of her lungs.  Then she stopped screaming, and took a moment to realize what happened.  
"The pill...it...but I did that for him...and he..." She began to tear up again, "No...please...my baby is gone...no..." 
As she sat there crying, the spirit of a young girl appeared next to me.  She wore a white dress, and clutched a stuffed animal.  She beamed at me and said, "Hi Mr. Angel! Can you tell me why mommy is crying..?
I looked at the woman once more.  Her face was full of tears, but she sat there staring off into nothingness, numb to the world.  I realized that she needed help. 
I turned to the little girl, "Hey sweetie... can you stand right there? I need to do something real quick..."
She stood back a few feet as I clasped my hands together in prayer.  Soon, a light appeared from the sky, and another angel appeared next to me.  She looked at me and said, "What do you need Zachariel?" Then she looked at the woman, "Oh no..."
"Kira, I need you to help her..." I explained, "She...is not well..."
Kira nodded in understanding as she walked over to Alyssa, "I've got this Zachariel..." Then she looked at the little girl, "What is she doing here, Zachariel?  Isn't she supposed to go to New Eden..?" 
I shook my head in doubt, "I don't know..." I picked up the little girl and held her in my arms, turning to Kira again, "Are you sure you have her?" 
Kira was sitting next to the woman, hugging her and consoling her, even though the woman couldn't directly see it, she felt it and slowly stopped crying, "Yes...she'll be fine in the long run..." She gestured toward the little girl in my hands, "You should take her to New Eden. Give her someplace to stay." 
I nodded in acknowledgment. "Alright...what is your name?" I asked the girl. 
"Umm...my name is Ariana."  She tilted her head in curiosity, "What's yours Mr. Angel?"
"Oh..." I was slightly taken aback, "Well my name is Zachariel...now we are going to get out of here, okay? I'm going to take you someplace wonderful.  It’s called New Eden, and everything will be happy.”
She beamed and then looked at the woman and Kira, "What about mommy?" She asked innocently. 
I sighed uneasily, not sure how to break it to Ariana, "Well...mommy needs some help...she's having some problems, so Kira is going to help her."
Ariana nodded slowly. "Okay Zachy..." then she yawned and fell asleep on my shoulder.  Kira gave me one final nod as I spread my wings and ascended into the sky. 
... 

I had just finished tucking little Ariana into bed. She held her stuffed animal tucked close to her chest, and she smiled peacefully. I sang her a lullaby as she fell asleep, 
♪Calm your wonderful soul…the angels have you tonight…oh calm your painful heart♪
After she had fallen asleep, I sat there for about an hour, wondering about the fate of her mother...and suddenly I found myself hoping that she would not end up like her...no, I would MAKE SURE she didn't end up like her mother.  I would make sure she lives a full, happy life...and that her heart won’t ever have to break.
...
My mind shifted back to reality. I was holding the stuffed animal, standing where I once stood, when I decided that I would raise Ariana to be different then her mother.  I had to keep that promise to myself.  I needed to make sure she was safe.
My thoughts were interrupted by a loud crack outside.  I fluttered my wings and quickly sped over to the location of the noise, and found myself face to face with Gabriel.  
"Zachariel! You're alive!" He exclaimed. 
I shrugged off some of the aching pain in my arm where Raziel had stepped on it, "Barely...and Gabriel, I saw him."
Gabriel looked at me, "Saw who...?" He asked. 
"Raziel...I saw Raziel, the Soraphim.  He's alive, and he's after Ben.  We've got to keep him from getting them...and possibly hurting Ariana."
Gabriel's eyes widened, "Then we have to go...there's no time to waste...fill me on the way."
I quickly looked at the stuffed animal in my hand, and tied it to my belt.  Then I took off with Gabriel, heading toward the neighboring village. 
I'm going to make sure Ariana gets this...I thought.
Then I looked ahead into the darkness of the sky...I'm coming Ari...don't worry... 
Chapter 13
 Take Flight
I awoke from hitting my head.  I was lying down in a soft, comfy bed, and next to me sat a fair-looking lady, with black hair tied into a ponytail.  She had blue garbs on, with a silver necklace-looking jewelry on her neck. Behind her, stretched two white, even mandibles.
Wings...I figured, this must be another angel...
I sat up, feeling my forehead.  Instead, my hand touched a cloth, which was wrapped around my head to help the wound.  I looked around, and found myself in a simple-looking wooden room, with a small kitchen in the far corner, and two beds aligning the wall.  In a way, it reminded me of Zachariel's place.  Maybe angels liked simplicity.  I would have to tell Ariana...
Wait...the last thing I remember was escaping Riverglade with Ariana, and passing out after being thrown by an explosion, but where was Ariana?
The lady turned to me, upon realizing that I had woken up. "Oh hello Benjamin.  You took quite a nasty fall there."
I stared at her suspiciously.  Maybe this was the angel Zachariel mentioned.  
 She continued with her talking, "You've been out for about a day.  Perhaps you should..."
There was only one question on my mind, "Where is Ariana..? Is she okay?" I said, interrupting her. 
The angel smiled and nodded, "She's fine Ben.  You should seriously rest..." She tried to get me to lie back down, but the truth was that I felt alright. I didn't need any help.
I turned to her and asked, "Where is she? And who are you?" 
The angel put her hand on my shoulders, trying to coax me back into resting, "Ariana is outside.  My name is Kira.  I'm the head of the village here.  Ariana summoned me and I brought you here, so you could heal from your head wound."
I shoved her hands aside, got out of the bed and began walking toward the door, determined to find Ariana. I needed to make sure she was okay.
Kira held up her hand, motioning for me to stop, "Wait! You need time to heal from..."
I turned around and tore the bandages off of my head.  Kira stared in shock, "The bruise...it's already gone..." 
"Yeah..."I said, "Superhuman healing or whatever." with that I turned around and opened the door.  I stood there numb. 
Ariana was entertaining a group of children with her violin playing and dancing, while the adults were busy moving things around, such as lumber or clothing.  Some of the adults and children were even from Riverglade. 
I stared in awe as she danced to the beat of her music; Kira came up behind me and put her hand on my shoulder, chuckling, "Ariana always did have a way with children..." Kira said, with a hint of pride in her voice. 
I didn't reply.  I was too awestruck to reply. 
The kids smiled and laughed, pleased by Ariana's violin playing.  She finished her performance and smiled gleefully back at them, and asked them, 
"Okay guys! Who wants to hear another one?"
The kids shouted in unison, and then they crowded her even more, shouting requests, 
"Play "Twinkle, twinkle little star!" One shouted.
"Play "Stars Align!" Shouted another. 
"Play "I'm back, Ari!" I interjected, smiling.  
Ariana turned around and her eyes lit up, "BEN!!!" She ran up to me and hugged me tightly, not letting go for at least ten seconds. Then she broke the hug and looked me in the eye. 
"Oh my gosh! Are you okay Ben? You took a pretty bad hit back at the tunnel!!!" She asked worriedly. She felt all over my forehead, making sure that everything was intact. "Wait...your bruise is gone...” Ari remarked.  
"Oh yeah...well just fast healing I guess." I said sheepishly, shrugging my shoulders. 
Ariana stopped feeling my forehead and looked at me directly in the eyes. "Ben...did you use the demon powers to heal?" She asked tentatively. 
"Well...if so not on purpose..." I looked to the side to avoid her stare.  I honestly didn't know how I was able to heal so fast.  I felt like Wolverine or something. 
Ariana sighed with a saddened smirk.  "Well you know I don't like it when you use it...but if you can't control it then I guess..." Her voice trailed off. 
"You guess what?" I asked. 
"I don't know..." Then she hugged me again, "Just make sure you stay who you are, okay? Promise me..." she asked me as she brushed her fingers through my hair. 
"I...I promise Ariana..." I looked at her and smiled reassuringly. 
She slowly smiled back. "Good." then she looked at Kira, "Kira! Thank you so much for bringing him here!" 
Kira smiled at Ariana, "You're welcome.  Anything else I can help you guys with?" She asked, fluttering her wings in curiosity. 
I turned to her, "Yes, first off, a change of clothes, and secondly, Zachariel said you would be able to help us."
Kira pondered it for a moment, "Alright..." She beckoned for us to come inside, and shooed the disappointed children back to their parents, then she shut the door. 
Ariana and I sat on the bed, both our hands in our lap, and glanced at Kira in anticipation. 
Kira sat down in a chair, put her hands on her knees, and sighed. "Alright...tell me what happened."
Ariana and I both filled her in on what happened at Riverglade, from her finding me to the Giant attacking, to me being knocked out from the explosion.  
"Hmmm...Well I've never heard of anything like that...when did you first manifest this power, Ben?" 
"When the she-demon bit me on the left shoulder. I suddenly got a lot stronger.  I also got thrown into buildings...a lot."
Ariana shifted nervously. 
Kira shook her head, "That's beside the point. What did you feel when you received this power?"
I leaned back and sighed, "I felt...anger, above all...I also felt very protective of Ariana...and then I blanked out.  I don't remember a thing after that." 
Ariana dipped her head, allowing her hair to hide her face.  It was clear that she was feeling some sort of emotion...and she didn't want me to know. 
Kira nodded, and then she looked at Ariana.  "How did you feel about his...transformation?" 
Ariana looked up, "Um...I felt scared.  I didn't want to lose him."
I looked at her.  She continued to hide her face from me with her hair, but she kept talking, "I looked into his eyes...and they weren’t even his..." She began to sniffle, as if she were about to lose control of her emotions.  
Kira looked at Ariana, and then mouthed, what’s wrong?
Ariana mouthed back, Tell you in private...
I felt slightly uncomfortable.  For one, Ariana was hiding something from me, but then again maybe she just needed to have a girl talk with Kira or something...to me, it seemed like Ariana had to have a lot of "girl talks" nowadays.
I piped up and broke the silence, "Ummm do you guys need time to talk alone..?"
Kira looked at me and half nodded, “Across the street, there is the village vendor.  I'm sure he'll be able to set you up with a nice replacement of clothes."
I slightly grimaced but managed to hide it.  "Alright..." I looked at Ariana, who was still hiding her face, "Well, I’ll catch you later Ari. I'll umm...be back in a little bit." 
She looked at me and half-smiled through her bangs.  "Alright Ben...I'll come get you after." she said softly. 
I nodded and made my way outside.  Across the street, I saw the vendor, who was folding and hanging clothes. 
I looked at my own tattered clothes. They were ripped and torn in multiple places from the multiple fights that I had been through.  Unlike Ariana, I couldn't switch them at will, but lucky for me, a vendor was right there.  
I walked up and tried to casually talk to the man, "Hello sir...ummm...I would like to get some new clothes please. 
The man nodded and laid a bunch of clothes on the table.  "What kind were you thinking of, son?" the man asked. 
Well...I thought as I took a deep breath, time to pick out some new threads...
...

I watched through the window as Ben walked over to the vendor.  He appeared to be conversing rather casually with the man, which was weird, considering he wasn't a social person, but given what happened lately, a lot of things have changed. 
I sat back down on the bed and folded my hands in my lap nervously.  Every time I had a talk with Kira, she always backed me into a mental corner and forced me to get honest.  But then again, I could always relate to her in a way that I couldn't relate to my Dad.  She had been there for me so many times; she might as well have been my mom.  After all, she was the one that taught me how to play violin in the first place. 
As Kira closed the door, she noticed the knife strapped to my belt. "That's a nice knife Ariana...where did you get it?" 
I took it out of its sheath and handed it to her.  The blade began to glow blue in her hands, "Oh I know this blade..." She said, tracing her finger along the spine of the knife. 
"You do..?" I asked. 
Kira nodded her head. "I was there when Zachariel found this blade."
"What is it?  I mean, other than a knife..." I inquired.  Well, obviously it was a knife, but Kira handled the thing like it was a special kind of knife. 
"This is Omega..." She stated in the angelic language, "This blade, although it's small, can kill any type of demon.  The problem is, not many can get close enough to strike..." She handed the blade back to me, "Did your father give this to you?"
I nodded and sheathed the blade back into its scabbard.  
Kira scratched the side of her neck in thought, "Hmmm...Probably to take out Ben in case he completely lost control.  Your father is a smart man." she noted. 
I frowned and looked away, "I don't think I would have been able to do it anyway..." I felt my eyes tearing up but wiped them to prevent her from seeing.  I didn't want to appear like a total wimp, especially in front of Ben or Kira. 
Kira sat down next to me and put her hand on my knee to comfort me, "Ari...tell me what's wrong."
I sat there silently, staring down at my feet.  
Kira moved closer and put her hand on my cheek, "Ari...please tell me what's..."
I jumped up and screamed at her, "I THINK I LOVE BEN!!! OKAY??? I CAN'T KILL HIM..." I blurted out. I quickly covered my mouth, feeling incredibly stupid for yelling it in the first place. 
Kira's eyes widened and she gaped for a second, "Oh..." 
I gave a small, quick nod. "Yeah...Dad already had this conversation with me.  I think he approves of Ben...maybe..." At least I hope he did.  After about a week with him, you would think that Ben would have earned my Dad's complete trust by now, but after everything that happened, my life was beginning to fall apart.  I didn't even know if my Dad was still alive...
Kira simply sat there. "Oh...I see.  I'm guessing you haven't told him yet..."
"Well I tried!  I would have told him if it weren’t for that stupid demon...probably." I sulked my head once more. I was so close to telling him too...if no demons had gotten involved, then maybe Ben and I would have been together by now.
"Hmmm...That’s interesting.  I mean, he seems to be different from your Dad by a lot, and you are definitely not your mother..." 
I stared at her. My mother was a very touchy subject for me.
"Oh...I'm sorry Ariana.  I didn't mean to..." Kira began. 
I shook my head. "No, its okay...the truth is you're right.  We're both different.  Maybe one day I'll be with Ben...but first..." I inhaled then exhaled, "We need to help Ben get rid of his demon power.  I hate it when it takes him over...I mean, what if he doesn't come back?" 
Kira turned to me quickly.  "Now that I can help you with...ever hear of the Pool of Purity?"
I nodded. It was an old fairy tale that Dad use to tell me.  The pool was a small pond that came from the Garden of Eden.  All of the animals and the first humans drank from it.  After the Garden was destroyed in the Great Flood, the Creator moved it to New Eden, somewhere up in the mountains. People visit it sometimes because it was rumored to clear a person of their inner troubles, and give them incredible insight on themselves, but most of the people that went there rested their souls and decided to wait until the arrival of the final realm.  Then again, some didn't but still...
Kira drew in a breath. "Well it's real.  Maybe it will clear Ben of the demon's influence." 
My eyes widened.  Does she mean that if Ben takes a swim in the pool, then I can have him back?
I nodded excitingly. "You mean I can have my Ben back? No more demon?" The mere thought of having the normal Ben back practically made my heart leap with joy. 
Kira smiled and giggled.  "Exactly.  No more demon.  As soon as I can, I can take you guys there." 
I leaped up and down with joy, "Aweee!!! Thank you so much Kira!!!" I jumped up and gave her a hug. "You're like the best adopted mom ever!!!" I shouted excitedly. 
Kira giggled once again and stood up.  "Now let's go get Ben and fill him in..." She opened the door and we both went outside. Then her faced paled, and she immediately switched to her serious face, "Change of plan..." She said in a serious tone. 
I looked up at the sky and saw what she was talking about. Uh oh...
Chapter 14
The Jackdaw Returns
My new clothes were pretty cool. I got a new pair of jeans, a new white shirt, and a hoodie.  To replace my torn shoes, the man gave me a sturdy pair of boots.  
I thanked the man and waited around for Ariana.  I could see glimpses of their conversation through the window in the house.  I briefly saw Ariana jump up and shout something at the top of her lungs.  I couldn't tell exactly what she said, but it was muffled by the house, so I figured she said, "ITFDSFSDJHFKBEN!!!" which made no sense, so naturally I shrugged it off.  
I decided to walk around town a little bit.  I mean it was a pretty small town, so there really wasn't much to do.  I saw a random stick and kicked it away. 
This is kind of boring...I thought, Hurry up Ariana...
Suddenly, a little boy with red hair walked up to me, and said, "Hi Mister! I'm Billy. What's your name?" 
It seemed kind of weird that this kid that I didn't know randomly asked my name, but I gave it to him anyway.  "Umm...my name is Ben. So...where are your parents?" I asked him.  
The kid shook his head. "My parents aren’t here...they are in a town farther up the mountain range.  What about yours?"
"Oh...well, I don't remember much about my parents." I stated blandly. The way he looked at me reminded me of someone.
"Oh...I'm sorry mister Ben..." He said with a frown. 
I shrugged it off. "It's alright kid.  I guess you can hang with me for a while...so want to see a magic trick?"  I figured if I'm gonna hang out with him, then I might as well keep him entertained for a while.  That's like the number one rule with children: Keep them entertained or prepare to face perpetual whining. 
The kid's face brightened up, "Sure!!! What kind of magic trick?" 
I closed my eyes and wiggled my fingers over my palm, and then I held it out and let fire spew from it. The embers danced around the main flame, like satyrs around a campfire. 
Billy's eyes brightened even more, "WHOA!!! Totally cool!!!" 
I chuckled.  I may have not had Ariana's magic touch when it came to children, but I sure was good at keeping this little munchkin entertained. 
"What else can you do???" He asked excitingly. 
I pondered for a moment, "Well...I don't know...I haven't really tried anything beyond that..." 
"Maybe you can shoot it or something!!!" Billy suggested.
"Well..."
 "Come on, try it!!!" He urged. 
I really didn't want to catch anything on fire, but this kid had a point.  It really would be interesting if I could shoot flames...I mean, I think I did at the sandwich shop...
I pointed my fist at a small tree at the edge of the walkway, and then focused my will on roasting that tree. 
Come on…
Nothing happened. I sighed heavily in frustration, and turned back to Billy. "Sorry kid...I tried..." 
Billy frowned. "Awww...well...try again, but don't focus too much.  Try jolting your hand outward or something..."
I turned back toward the tree and shrugged, looking at my hand.  
Worth a shot...
I jolted out my hand and a ball of flame shot out and roasted the tree, reducing it to ashes. 
Billy and I shouted in unison, "WHOAAA COOL!!!! DID YOU SEE THAT???" Then we both laughed rather loudly, which drew the attention of a couple of the townsfolk. 
I hid my flaming hands behind my back, "Oh...ummm sorry.  Didn't mean to be so loud...just ummm...go back to your daily lives or whatever." I smiled nervously. 
Surprisingly, the people actually did go back to minding their own business.  Although it surprised me that it was the laugh and NOT the burning tree that caught their attention...whether they were oblivious to burning things or something like that, it sure came across as strange to me.
I turned back around to Billy. "That was pretty cool, huh Billy?" 
The kid nodded in excitement. "YEAH! THAT WAS AWESOME!!!" 
I smiled and chuckled at Billy's excitement.  I was actually having a bit of fun entertaining this kid...although I wonder what else I can do…
I turned to Billy, squatted down, and said, "Hey Billy, time for a piggy back ride!  I want to show you one more thing!" 
Billy's eyes lit up, and got on my back.  
"Alright Billy...hold on..." I took a deep breath and then launched myself into the air using the flames from my hand.  After I was about twenty feet or so into the air, I extinguished the flames and let myself fall and land on the roof of one of the buildings.  
Billy was just absolutely ecstatic, "WHOOOAAAA!!!! YOU CAN SUPER-JUMP!!!  DO IT AGAIN, DO IT AGAIN!!!" 
I grinned and launched myself into the air once more, this time going about ten feet higher than I did before. 
Billy screamed and hung on for dear life as we descended. "WHOAAAAA!!!!" He squealed at the top of his lungs in sheer, utter delight.  I landed on another roof, my feet cracking the wood as I hit it. 
I chuckled too, pleased that I was beginning to master my new abilities.  Ariana wouldn't have to worry about me losing control anymore, because soon -I clenched my fists as I extinguished the flames-  would be in control, not the creature she saw earlier...
I turned around and prepared to launch off again, "Ready for another one Billy?" 
But Billy was focused on something else.  I large blot of what looked like locusts were headed toward the village, and a sinking feeling in my gut suggested that they were also coming toward me. 
"DEMONS!!!" Billy shouted shakily in fear. 
At first I thought maybe these were leftovers from Riverglade, but I noticed that they came from the North, and not the South.  Also, this was just straight up invasion, not the deception that the she-demons had tried earlier… 
People in the village noticed and began to grab their children and run to safety, some screaming in fear and other running in complete circles like idiots.  But with what happened at Riverglade, they needed protection.
I patted his hand to calm him down, although I noted that his skin felt cold and clammy, "Hey kid it's alright, don't worry...we'll go get Kira and she'll take care of them."
"They're coming too fast!!!" Billy exclaimed, "You have to use your super powers!!!" 
Before I could get the chance to refuse, a demon landed on the roof next to me, and prepared to fire what appeared to be...well...fire...out of its mouth.  
I instinctively reacted by putting up my weird armor-thing (that I summoned against Raziel, I think he called it a "Nautilus Snail" or something like that) as a defensive mechanism, sending the fireball bouncing off harmlessly.  Then I jumped off the roof (with Billy still on my back) and fully summoned the armor, ready to take on the hordes that were now coming my way.  
And so I began to take them out, one or two at a time, and watched as they each disintegrated into dust.  But for every demon I killed, it seemed like two more took its place, and I couldn't hold out forever.  If I really couldn't hold out for much longer, then it seemed like there was one thing I could do...
"Hey Billy, I need you to get off and go to Kira...you know who that is, right?" I asked as I vaporized another demon. 
"Yeah...but I feel safer with you!!!!" Billy said, holding on to me even harder.  
"Well trust me, its a lot safer with her than it is with me right now...it was fun hanging with you, alright? But you need to be safe, and I have all that extra weight off of my back.  Deal?" 
Billy nodded sadly, "Deal..." he said as he loosened his grip.
"Alright, on the count of three, I'm going to open my little shield and you are going to run in between those buildings, hide, and find Kira once the coast is clear.  You with me? I need your help buddy..."
"Alright...” Billy climbed down my back and prepared to run, "I'm ready Ben!!!" although I could of sworn I detected a bit of frustration in his voice. 
I momentarily opened the armor and Billy dashed through.  He ran surprisingly fast for a kid his age (what was he, Five? Six?) and ran for the two buildings as I had told him to. 
Before he disappeared behind the corner, He smiled and gave me a quick thumbs up. 
I returned the thumbs up and continued to battle the hordes upon hordes of demons.  They attacked endlessly, like the ships in Galaga, with seemingly no end. I punched one, smashed another, fried a third...the fight pattern kept repeating itself over and over, starting to overwhelm me.  
I desperately hoped that Kira was nearby and that Ariana was safe...if I went down here, at least she would be alright, and get to go home to her Dad.  
I started to feel weary.  My armor began flickering, threatening to let one of the Demon's attacks land and kill me.  I was slowly beginning to lose... 
Then it happened.  My ethereal armor shattered, knocking me back into a nearby tree, helpless. The leader of the demons dramatically walked up to me, held his clawed hand out, grabbed me by the shirt, and lifted me up.  He muttered something to his lieutenant next to him in his demonic language, but for some reason I understood it: 
WE HAVE HIM. LET AKA MANAH KNOW...
Then he turned back to me, and scoffed.  He was about to say something to me, when suddenly he disintegrated into dust, followed by his lieutenant and multiple regular demons, and in their stead stood Kira, a set a twin blades drawn and pointed at the rest of the demons.  
I grinned.  Little Billy had come through.
"Ariana...get Ben and get out of here.  You'll have to get there without me. " Kira said. 
Ariana nodded and hastily helped me to my feet, brushing me off.  "OH MY GOSH BEN ARE YOU OKAY??? WHAT HAPPENED??? I WAS AWAY FROM YOU FROM FOR TEN MINUTES AND ALL THIS HAPPENED..."
I stood to my feet and gave her a small hug, "Hey calm down...I'm fine, I held them off for a while." I brushed aside my hair and showed her my forehead, "See? No bruises..." 
Kira shouted over her shoulder at us as she decapitated about three oncoming demons, "You both need to go NOW...Ariana, remember what I told you about the pool." 
"Y...Yes ma'am..." Ariana stuttered back.  She secured her violin in her satchel, grabbed my arm and ran sideways away from the battle, toward what appeared to be a path that led into the mountains.  We both bolted as fast as we could out of the town, occasionally dodging a blast of fire or two, and running as fast as our bodies would allow.  
"Wait Ari! Back at the village, there was a..."
"Not now Ben!!! We just need to focus on running!!!" Ariana replied back.  
Huh, that's funny...I thought as we ran further up the mountain path, It seems like Ari and I are always on the run...
I looked back at the battle.  Kira was keeping the attention of and vanquishing the demons very skillfully, but like my battle, more and more demons attacked and slowly, Kira's defense began to show weakness.  For example, a demon landed a punch, but Kira rebounded and stabbed the demon with one of her blades.  She was good, but she couldn't hold out forever.  She needed my help.
"Ariana...we need to go back and help Kira.  She needs help.  I can help her!" I told Ariana. 
"NO Ben...Kira can handle herself, we need to get out of here and get somewhere safe, okay?" Ariana quickly responded. 
"But I'm tired of running!!! We need to just kill those demons..." I protested. 
Ariana glared at me over her shoulder.  Then she looked forward and said, "Ben...I know you want to help her, but right now, getting rid of this demon power as all that we need to focus on right now..."
I crumpled under her glare.  Guilt was beginning to take me, but I was also worried about Kira. 
"Well what if Kira doesn't make it...?" I asked as I jumped over a rock. 
Once she had decided we had run far enough, she stopped, dragged me to the side and grabbed both of my shoulders, "And what if you don't make it? Huh? Do you know what that would do to me..?"
"Ariana...I..."
She screamed at the top of her lungs, "DO YOU KNOW WHAT IT WOULD DO TO ME IF YOU DIED, BEN???  MY LIFE WOULD BE POINTLESS, THAT'S WHAT!!! JUST A COLD, EMPTY..." She stopped mid-sentence, then began to tear up.  She let go of my shoulders and turned away, hiding her face on her sleeves.  I suddenly felt really guilty...and I felt like an absolute jerk.
I tried to go give her a hug, but she lightly jerked herself away and proceeded to hide her face again.  She briskly walked away and sat down on a rock, her face buried away from my view. 
I sighed and turned around, looking upward at the planet in the sky.  It shined about as bright as the moon did on Earth, but of course it appeared about ten times larger than the moon did.  The stars, however, began to become drowned out by smoke, most likely from the fires.
I sighed as I sat down on the ground, my back turned to Ariana.  I occasionally looked over my shoulder at her, but she stayed so still, that she might as well have been a marble statue, trapped in an eternal process of mourning.
We sat there for about half an hour, not talking to each other.  Eventually, I heard a whistling noise, and looked upward at the source.  A black bird with gray eyes stared down at me, and began whistling a familiar tune.
I instantly recognized it. It was the song that Ariana wrote for me, back at Riverglade village, the first night that I met her.
I decided to whistle along with the bird, syncing my whistling with it.  I turned and watched as Ariana, her face still downcast, drew out her violin and bow from her bag, and began to play in a synchronized manner with me and the bird. 
Ariana drew the strings across her bow, her arm moving gracefully.  She slowly stood up, and began to slowly dance.  
I began to dance with her, synchronizing her leg movements, only they were reversed.  Our footwork matched the tempo of the song, and for a while, we danced to a slower-paced version of her song, until more birds showed up, including woodpeckers to provide a beat.  The tempo steadily rose, as the woodpeckers provided their beat, Our movements sped up, as we began to move further down the forest path.  
Finally, Ariana looked back up at me.  Despite her pain, she was starting to form a smile on her face, which brightened my heart all the more.  Her clothing changed as well, from just a plain, green V-neck T shirt and jeans to a more decorated outfit: In her hair, several red braids with beads on them appeared; her shirt formed into a plain gray shirt with two red, sparkly sashes across it her chest.  Replacing her jeans was a pair of black pants with a brown mini-skirt over them, and a white, decorated sash tired around her waist.  Her sneakers mainly stayed the same, but the color changed from plain white, to brown.  Several arm bands and bracelets appeared too, and finally the outfit finished forming with two cut-off gloves that looked more like the ends of a jacket sleeve.  The music halted for a moment as I gaped in awe.
Ariana grinned at me, "This is my outfit that I've been designing in my head...like it?" 
Me of course, being the idiot that I am, said in a garbled tone, “Ummmyeahhitsawesome..." 
Ariana giggled and brought her bow back up to her violin. "Now...where were we?" 
She began playing again, and the birds followed suit. The tempo was much more hyperactive this time, given that Ariana was much higher is spirits than she was earlier.  She skipped around as she played, and I skipped around with her.  We started dancing our way further down the path, and eventually starting singing to the beat of the song (in angelic, but later neither of us could recount what we actually said).  We both started giggling uncontrollably and danced feverishly with each other.  As the song died down, so did our laughing, but our smiles never left our face.  Ariana drew the bow across the strings one last time, and brought the song to a close.  
Ariana smiled and gave me her biggest hug yet.  "Thank you so much Ben..." Then she brushed the hair out of her face and elbowed me in the side, "Gosh, you sure know how to cheer a girl up..." She said as she winked at me. 
I grinned back at her. Then I elegantly bowed, "Why, you're certainly welcome, Milady." I said in the best British-accent impression that I could muster.  
Wait...singing birds, dancing, fantasy stuff...my little guess was probably not correct, but I thought, Maybe I'm in a Disney movie or something...
Ariana looked upward, and her eyes suddenly brightened, "Oh my gosh Ben! I know what to name the song now!!!" She said ecstatically. 
I shook the thought from my head and looked at her, asking, "What's your idea?"
Ariana grabbed my jaw and pointed my head upward, where hundreds of birds flew over us, heading toward the sunrise and casting multiple shadows on us as they soared over. 
"I know what to name it...I'm gonna call it Sky of Shadows, after the birds that sang with us, and then cast shadows on us during the sunrise...what do you think Ben?" She looked at me for approval. 
I smiled as that black bird with gray eyes winked at me, then flew away with the rest of the flock.  
"Huh..."I said, "I like that name."
Ariana smiled at me warmly, "Then that's the name...Sky of Shadows..."
And Sky of Shadows it was. 
Chapter 15
Angel's Ascendance
I saw the devastation from afar.  The town was in flames, just like Riverglade...the buildings were either ablaze or shattered to pieces, which was usually the signature mark of a demon attack.
Oh no...I thought, the demons must have invaded...and that's where I sent Ariana and Ben...
I sped up my flying, bolting through the air.  I hoped with all my heart that Ariana and Ben weren’t there...and that they were safe.
Gabriel and I landed on the front porch of Kira's house, and kicked in the door, searching inside of any sign of Ariana and Ben...but of course, the house was empty.  The windows were broken, and parts of the walls were chipped off. 
I flipped one of the beds in anger, and stormed out of the house, zipping over to various spots to search for any single sign of them...of anyone...
Finally, I looked over at a large oak, where Kira was propped up against, clutching her abdomen in pain.  She leaned her head against the tree, groaning. 
I immediately ran over, "KIRA!!!" checked all over her for any wounds that the demons might of inflicted, and to my angst, found a piece of metal shrapnel embedded in her side.
Kira looked up and smiled weakly, "H...hello there Zachariel...”
I had taken the piece of shrapnel out of her abdomen, tore a piece of cloth from my robes, and started pressing against the wound, "Listen Kira...you're gonna be alright...everything’s gonna be okay.  We can get some healers here and..." I motioned for Gabriel to check her wrist for any life force still flowing, and he sped to the side and did so. 
Kira coughed, and then spoke, "They made it out alright, Zachariel...they escaped..."
I sighed with half-relief, but I still had to make sure my friend was okay.  I would never forgive myself if anything happened to her. 
Kira continued, "I...I had a little talk with your daughter, Zachariel...it seems she's...into boys now..." She said, chuckling and then groaning once more in pain. 
"Yeah...yeah I noticed..." I looked at her, and pressed my hands against her forehead.  It was starting to feel warmer, which meant that she was beginning to pass on...
I conversed hastily with her to keep her focused, to keep her grounded to this realm, "Okay...what did she say?" 
Kira winced in pain, then opened her mouth to speak, but then closed her mouth and eyes, taking in a deep, broken breath.  
No...I couldn't let her go..."Kira...come on...stay with me..." I lightly slapped her face and her eyes slowly opened.  
"She...said I was the best adopted mom anyone could ask for...can you believe that?"
I stared in revelation, shocked by her words.
Kira let out a small laugh, "Yeah...we both practically raised her, didn't we...?  Huh...I can remember when I first taught her violin...remember how frustrated she kept getting? And now look at her..."
Images of little Ariana immediately rushed to my mind.  I pushed them out of my head for now and continued to put pressure on her wound, "Yeah I remember...we can have more times like that, all you have to do is just stay with me..."
Kira grabbed my wrist as I went to feel her forehead again. "Listen...I'm ready to go Zachariel...I think the Creator is calling me home..." 
"But..."
"No 'buts'...thank you for being my friend..."
"Please Kira, no..." I begged. 
"Goodbye..." Kira exhaled one last time and closed her eyes.  Then her body began to glow until it became a large, white, light, and she faded.  Soon after, I was holding empty air.
For a second that lasted forever, I sat there, feeling numb.  Then I shouted at the sky in anger.  I was angry at the demons.  I was angry at The Creator.  I was angry at myself for not being fast enough...
After sitting there for a few minutes, I looked at the air where Kira had just been, then back skyward, "Gabriel...do you suppose Kira is with our Creator?"
"Yes, without a doubt..." He confirmed, "Angels are not like demons...when we die, like the humans, we pass on and ascend into the heavens.  Demons do not...they face oblivion,  and we both know Kira was anything but a demon." He said reassuringly. 
I stood there for about a minute, feeling nothing but numbness.  My mind began to delve into the memories that her and I shared...
 ... 

"...Hey Miss Kira!  Do you want some cereal?" Ariana said as she was munching on her breakfast.  
Kira had just walked in the door, holding a large, wrapped package.  She smiled and said, "No thank you Ari.  Although I did bring you a present..." She grinned happily and held up the package.
Ariana's eyes lit up, "OH MY GOSH YOU GOT SOMETHING FOR ME???" She jumped up and down in sheer excitement.  
Kira handed her the gift, and I watched as Ariana hastily ripped off the wrapping and held up a casing for an instrument.
Ariana turned it over multiple times, attempting to discern what is was, “Ummm...thank you Kira...but what exactly is it?" 
I chuckled, "Try opening it Ariana..." 
Ariana located the latch on the side and popped the casing open, and inside lay a brown violin and bow.  
The excitement suddenly appeared in Ariana's eyes again, "WHOA IT'S A VIOLIN!!!  WOW!!!  THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU!!!" 
I glanced over at Kira, smiled, and mouthed Thank you. 
Kira winked at me and said, "It's not over yet, Zachariel."  
Before I could ask what she meant, Ariana had pulled the violin and bow out and drawn the latter against the strings, producing and eerie noise that was reminiscent of a bird screech after its nest had been disturbed. 
Kira and I both clasped our ears as the hiss came out.  Ariana turned to Kira, frowned, and said, "Miss Kira...I don't think it works..." 
Kira bent down to Ariana's height and said, "Well you see...it doesn't work by itself.  YOU have to work it, that's why it's an instrument...instruments don't work unless they have someone working them." She explained.
Ariana's face contorted in confusion, “What do ya mean by that..?  I don't understand..." 
Kira held out her hands, "May I see them for a second, Ariana?" 
Ariana handed them to Kira, and she brought the bow up to the violin and pulled it across.  The sound that came off was beautiful and heart-wrenching, and soon a flurry of other differently-pitched sounds like it followed.  As soon as she finished, she held them back out for Ariana to take back, but Ariana was too busy jumping up and down, clapping. 
"Wow Miss Kira!!! That was amazing..." 
Kira grinned, "You see?  It takes time and practice..."
Ariana's face lit up, "Can you teach me..? Pleaseeee?" She widened her eyes cutely. 
Kira giggled hysterically, "Yes Ari...yes I'm going to teach you." She looked her square in the eye and smiled, "But you have to promise to be patient and extremely attentive..."
Ariana beamed and nodded her head, "I will Kira! I'm going to become the best violinist ever...you'll see!!!"  
"I know you will Ariana!!!" Then Kira looked at me and said, "You know Zachariel...you've got quite a daughter there." 
I smiled warmly and said, "Yes...yes I do." 
...
I stared blankly onward as the memories faded from my head.  Gabriel put his hand on my shoulder and asked, "Zachariel..? Are you still with me...?"
I suddenly snapped out of it, "Yes...I'm still here but..." I took in a deep breath as I tired to hold back tears, "I just can't believe she's gone...and it's my fault." 
Gabriel clasped my shoulder even tighter, "Listen...It is NOT your fault...Kira did what she had to do in order to defend her village, and Ariana.  She just made the ultimate sacrifice that all of us will eventually have to make.  Kira had been a good surrogate mother to Ariana all these years…I am adamant that she does not regret a single moment of it."
I looked at Gabriel over my shoulder, and half managed to smile.  Then I looked back, and said "Yes...I suppose she doesn't."
Gabriel removed his hand from my shoulder and let out a deep breath, "We need to go catch up to Ariana and Ben...before..."
Suddenly a bright ball of lightning came down from the sky, and out from it came a tall, armored angel with a pair of blue, glowing wings.  He had dark blonde, neck-length hair complete with a beard.  He walked forward, put his hand on Gabriel's shoulder and said, "Hello brother...it's been a long time."  
Gabriel nodded and patted him on the shoulder as well, "The same to you, Michael."
Michael looked over at me, and said, "Zachariel...are you alright?"
I nodded and stood to my feet, "Yes...I am fine, although I am curious as to why you are here, brother." 
"The Creator sent me.  He said it was extremely important that I assisted you..." Michael explained. 
"Yes...we could use the help.  We have discovered a young Soraphim named Ben.  He is with Zachariel's daughter, Ariana, and they recently escaped this village as it was attacked by demons...an angel named Kira lost her life." 
I looked away to avoid crying, but managed to collect myself.  I turned my head forward again to find Michael looking at me, "Kira...was close to me." I said.  
Michael lowered his eyes, "I'm sorry, Zachariel..."
"It's alright...she died to protect Ariana and Ben, and now we need to find them to keep them out of harms way, and to keep the demons from claiming him.”
Michael looked at Gabriel, "You said, "Soraphim" right?" 
Gabriel nodded, "Yes...apparently they are not extinct."
Michael's eyes widened, and then he turned around and extended his wings.  "We need to find him, now..."
Gabriel and I followed suit, taking off of the ground and into the air.  The wind glided under my feathers, lifting me further into the air. 
"Can you transport to their location, Michael?" I asked.  
Michael shook his head, "I don't know where they are.  Even if I knew, the areas in the north are heavily demon-infested..."
"What? How?" Gabriel asked, shocked. 
"The demons have launched an attack on towns in New Eden, specifically in the north, near the mountains.  There are many Wicked Giants, demons, and all manner of creatures...but they are all concentrated in one specific spot.  Which means that they have managed to build a fortress."
A fortress...that would explain how so many demons must have attacked Kira's village...
"We need to gather more angels and destroy that fortress at some point.  If it stays, then they will continue to infect New Eden, and it will force a mass exodus...which means that all the souls will have to move into slumber before they are ready." 
"Wouldn't that be a good thing?" Gabriel asked. 
"Yes and no...the lost souls will remain in the grave until the Creator passes judgment on them, and the saved will rest, but that would rob them of the chance to live.  The Final Realm may be blissful and worry free, but life is a unique experience that is full of choice, decisions and emotions...The Creator does not want to see them robbed of it, so we must eliminate the fortress and free New Eden from the demon influence.  Also..." Suddenly Michael hesitated.  
Gabriel flew up next to him, "What is it brother?" 
"Ben is not the only Soraphim..." Michael stated, "There have been reports of them on Earth from several angels stationed there.  It seems that, like you said, they are not extinct after all...only there are more then just Ben."
"Well what do the demons want with Ben, specifically?" I asked, beginning to feel frantic.  
Michael shook his head as he veered to avoid a mountain peak, "I don't know Zachariel.  All the more reason to find him first...now lets go." Michael sped up his flying. 
I nodded and did the same.  We did need to find Ben...and we needed to find him fast...
Chapter 16
Forest Battle 
When I woke up, I found myself leaning on Ben.  We had found a place to fall asleep during the night, which was on the trunk of a very large tree, with a nice open view of the planet in the sky.  
I smiled.  It was the first time I could actually sleep next to him, without any rules or Dad scaring Ben out of...
My eyes shot wide open.  Dad...I didn't know if he escaped that Giant or not...or if Kira...
Suddenly I heard Kira's voice echoing in my head, 
Ariana...
Kira appeared in front of me, in a transparent, ghostly form.  She was wrapped in light and she smiled warmly. 
My mouth gaped wide open in shock.  What was Kira doing here? And why did she look like that? Unless...
No...she's...she's...I began to weep uncontrollably. 
"Listen Ariana..." Kira began. 
"NO! YOU CAN'T BE...YOU CAN'T BE..." 
"Ariana..."
"...dead..." I finished weakly.  Kira did not survive the attack...and now her spirit was here.
"Ariana...I'm sorry I didn't survive...but you need to know something..." Kira stated in a serious tone, "The Creator gave me a chance to warn you, he said that at a certain time, there will be an evil one among you.  A deceiver..."
I looked at Ben, who was still sound asleep.  Then I turned back to Kira, shaking heavily, "You...you don't mean Ben..."
Kira avoided my stare as the light around her shifted, "I can't say for sure whether it is him or not...but you have to consider that possibility...his condition is getting progressively worse.  He might eventually lose himself."
"Condition? But Ben would never..."
"And when the time comes, and Ben is truly gone..." She flashed me a sharp look with her eyes, "You will have to kill him.  You will have to use Omega." She finished. 
I stared at her for a second, then back at Ben.  His lovely face slept peacefully, snuggled up against the tree.  Despite the other side of him that I had seen, this Ben couldn't hurt a fly. 
"But wait!  If I can get him to the Pool of Purity in time...and get rid of it..." I suggested, attempting to get rid of any possibility of Ben dying.  
Kira kept staring at me, "It's possible...but it's a huge risk, and you don't want Ben to fully transform...you really don't know what he is capable of." 
Transform...transform into what??? I thought frantically to myself.  Ben can look evil, but he can't transform...can he? 
"But...I can't kill him...I..." 
Kira dipped her head, "Consider what I have to say, Ariana.  I have to go..." Kira turned around, walking up the path.  She began to fade into the sunlight at the end up of the path, but turned around one last time.  "Ariana...I'm really sorry about everything that has happened...but think about how your father would feel if anything happened to you.  He would be absolutely devastated.  Protect yourself well."
I stared with tear-filled eyes as she disappeared even further, she mouthed I love you before finally fading away for good. 
I laid back down and sighed in overwhelming disbelief.  Kira...how had been like a surrogate mother to me all these years, was gone...
I looked back at Ben.  His face contorted slightly as he began to mutter in his sleep.  I pressed my hand against his face, "Ben...are you alright?" 
He suddenly grabbed my hand, and opened his eyes.  They were blood red once again.  
He grinned evilly, and whispered, "Die..."
 …
I woke myself up.  I was still lying on Ben, my head pressed warmly against his chest.  He still held on to my hand, but instead of gripping it, his fingers were interlocked with mine.  
I half-smiled as I realized we were holding hands. I was going to lay here, and enjoy this moment...I was going to pretend that none of this demon stuff had ever happened.  I was going to pretend that Ben and I were still in Riverglade, hugging and talking under a tree...
I looked up at him.  He was smiling, but I knew he wasn't awake. I instantly felt a strong urge to bring my face close to his, so I did.  My face was now within four inches of his, and I was staring into his gorgeous but battered face.  
Come on girl, kiss him! The voice in my head said. 
I really wanted to.  Actually, maybe I could...before he woke up...it would just be my little secret...
I brought my face in closer, and then automatically remembered that a minute ago, he woke up and told me to die...
Maybe it was just a dream...but it wouldn't hurt to check...
I opened one of his eye-lids, and to my relief his eyes were still the usual, stormy gray.  I sighed with relief, but upon exhaling I accidentally poked him in the eye. 
Ben woke up screaming at the top of his lungs, and jumped up, knocking me to the ground in the process.  
"OWWWWW! ARIANA WHY DID YOU DO THAT???" Ben shouted angrily, tossing in a few swear words along the way.  
I suddenly felt bad for stabbing his eye, but I knew he would be alright since he had that super-duper healing or whatever.  I was just glad to know that Ben wasn't evil…at least not yet.
But then I remembered what Kira said about him, that he would transform into something else...
I looked over at Ben, who was now stomping his foot against the ground aggressively in pain.  He was normal for now, but deep down I knew Kira was right...I was running out of time.  I had to get Ben to the pool as soon as possible.
Ben finally walked over to me, still clutching his eye,
"Seriously Ariana...what the heck was that?" He asked. 
"Oh umm..."I honestly didn't know what to say.  I didn't know how to explain that I was planning on kissing him, but decided to check if he really wanted to kill me or not...yeah, makes perfect sense. 
I decided against it and said, "You just had something in your eye and I was trying to get it out..." I smiled wide in an attempt to authenticate the fake explanation.  
Ben looked at me suspiciously, and then shrugged. "So...where do we go now?" He asked, "Didn't Kira mention something about a Pool or something? Honestly I don't know how taking a dip is going to solve anything..."
"The Pool of Purity." I said, correcting him. 
 "Pool of Purity?  That name seems a bit cliché..." Ben said. 
A lump formed in my throat when he mentioned Kira, but I nodded and picked up my satchel that housed Ole' Betsy.  I slung it across my shoulder and skipped over next to Ben.  "Yeah I guess...well the pool has several properties that could get rid of that demon power and return you back to normal." I explained as I made sure that the knife was still strapped to my belt. 
"Oh...so which way is the pool?" He asked, "I guess I need to take a bath in this thing as soon as possible..."
I nodded.  I grabbed him by the wrist and starting dragging him along -once again- along the path of the forest.  "Well for starters, we need to get out of the forest.  I think the next city is that way..." I pointed the direction we were headed to. 
Ben looked at me, "Alright...how do you know which way to go?" 
"Dad and I went up here a few times, mostly for an angel meeting "of the highest priority" or something like that...but he taught me how to navigate and stuff, so I can get around on my own." I explained, "So therefore the next village is that way." 
He dipped his head in acknowledgment and looked forward.  "How long do you suppose it will take us to get there?"
I shrugged, "Maybe a few days...but we seriously gotta boogie.  We need to get rid of that demon power as soon as possible and avoid being chased by anyone..."
"Do you suppose anyone is still chasing us?" Ben inquired.  
"That would be a yes..." a familiar voice behind us said.  Ben and I both turned around sharply and there stood Raziel, arms crossed and scarlet eyes blazing. 
I yelled in fear, and then began running, dragging Ben along.  Raziel was NOT going to have him...especially when we were so close to having him back to normal. 
"RUN BEN!!!" I shouted, and the pair of us ran into the forest in order to get away from Raziel.  
I heard Raziel's scoff from behind us, "That won't do you any good..." suddenly he materialized in front of us, "I can simply choose where to go..." 
We instantly diverted to the left of him, behind a large, fallen over tree.  I hid behind it and beckoned for Ben to join me, in order to hopefully hide from him since he could just teleport anywhere. It wasn't exactly the best plan, but it was the best one I could think of. 
We sat there for about a minute, holding our breaths.  We waited in anticipation as Raziel called out, "I know you're here Ben.  Listen, all I want is for us to rebuild our race.  There can be more of our kind, and perhaps I can even find a suitable mate for you...I mean, it would be better than this little tramp..." 
I instantly felt offended.  I didn't know what a tramp was, but the mere mention of someone else being with Ben made me angry...and I wasn't going to have it. 
I stood up to my full height and faced Raziel, who was now right next to the log, "NOW LISTEN YOU STUPID, EVIL..." Then I shut my mouth upon realizing that I had been played.  Raziel had said that just to get me to react.
I waved weakly, "Um...hi..."
Raziel smirked, "You're so predictable."
"But I'm not..." a voice said. 
Raziel looked in the direction of the voice, only to be tackled into a tree by Ben, who now sported his ethereal armor.  “Stay the hell away from her, or I’ll annihilate you…" Ben said, his voice now deeper and more corrupted by his demonic form.  
My eyes widened, No Ben...please no...
Raziel sported his armor as well, and soon the pair was involved in a titanic clash in the forest.  
I ran closer to them, and saw them literally beating each other to a pulp, each punch landing a resounding BOOM that shook the trees.  
Raziel (in his twenty foot armor form) was blocking most of the punches that Ben threw at him, and even managed to catch one, "You're still weak, Ben...you lack the total conviction to try to kill me." Raziel declared tauntingly, his voice too was deeper. 
Ben still tried to attack him, but Raziel had grabbed him by the arm and thrown him into a nearby opening in the forest,  
"You are weak because you have compassion.  Many people will not share compassion...they will simply kill you, and to survive you must show them the same.  Do you even realize how horrible and pointless our existence is?  We live, we deceive, we kill, and we die.  In the end, we will succumb to the nothingness, and our bodies will return to the dust. "
Ben in his armor form lay on the ground shaking off the force of the impact of both the throw and Raziel's words.  
"You see Ben...I can teach you how to reach your full power.  You won't ever have to worry about demons, or anybody else bothering you ever again.  You can live out the rest of your existence in peace, and in power.  But you’re weak, and you need to shed that weakness by following me.”
Ben still was on the ground, as if he were contemplating Raziel's words.  Then he propped up one knee, and spoke in a demonic voice...
"You're right...I am weak..." He flexed his other foot outward, readying himself as if he were about to sprint, "Allow me to follow your advice and prove you wrong…" Then he looked up at him.  The face of the armor was now demonic looking in appearance, with sharp, red eyes that enclosed an upside down pentagram in each eye, and an evil, angry grin permanently affixed to his face, "BY KILLING YOU!!!"
With those words, he took off and tackled Raziel through several trees, and began to smash him into a rock, beating on him repeatedly. 
I was shocked and upset by Ben's dark words.  For him to state that he was going to kill him...that just wasn't him...
Ben had just finished beating on Raziel, who now appeared to be unconscious, and threw the twenty foot figure to the ground.  He looked upward opened his mouth, "RAAAAAAARRRRRRRGGGGHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!" He raised his foot and prepared to stomp, “Kill…I wanna kill…you’re all going to die…”
"NO BEN!!!!" I shouted at the top of my lungs, hoping he would hear me. 
The evil armored Ben looked over, but Raziel opened his eyes and took the opportunity to swipe Ben's feet from under him, knocking him to the ground.  He dug his hands between the cracks, and pulled out Ben from the armor, which vanished into smoke after he was removed from it.  Raziel reverted to his normal form, and slung him over his shoulder.  He took a quick look at me, and then dissipated into cloud, like the armor did.  
No...not Ben...please...bring him back...I thought.  He just took the boy that I loved with all my heart...and I didn't even... 
  Suddenly Raziel reappeared behind me, which made me jump in surprise.  I attempted to run, but he had already grabbed my wrists and clasped his hand over my mouth. 
"Listen girl...I may have underestimated the situation a little bit..." He admitted. 
I continued to stare at him in shock, but managed to shake myself out of it and removed his hand from my mouth so I could speak, “What did you do to Ben??? I'll hurt you if..." 
"It's not what I did to him...it's what the demons did to him." Raziel said. 
"Wha...What do you mean...?"
"As much as it annoys me to say it..." He looked me square in the eyes, "...I may need your help."
Chapter 17
Legend of the Soraphim
The last thing I remember was spawning my ethereal armor.  From then on, the whole fight seemed like I was watching a Michael Bay film with a blurred movie screen.  
I came to after Raziel took me out of the armor, but he seemed slightly bruised up. He teleported me to what appeared to be a strange cabin, but it was difficult for me to tell, since my vision was blurry.  
About a minute later, Raziel teleported back into the cabin, but this time with someone else.
"BEN!!!" a familiar voice cried out. 
It was Ariana...Raziel had brought her here...but why did he bring her here?
Suddenly there was a burning sensation in my chest, like someone had lit gasoline inside my innards.  I began to convulse in pain, but then I saw Raziel run over and pin me down to the ground, and suddenly I hated him more than anything in the world. 
A voice in my head began to speak, "Kill him...Kill..."
"Girl! Get his attention! I'll reduce the...arrgh!!!" I involuntarily blasted him into a corner with hellfire before he had the chance to finish his sentence.  
I began to sit up, and aim my hand at Raziel to finish him off.  After all, he tried to capture me and kill Ariana...he deserved it...
Kill...
"No Ben...don't do that..." Ariana grabbed my hand and forced it away from the direction of Raziel.  "Listen...you're better than that.  You can beat this..."
I looked at her face.  My vision slowly began to focus until I could see every detail of her face.  Her hair was slightly tangled, her face was covered in dirt, small burns, soot, and her eyes were worn from worry, but she was still the most beautiful girl I had ever seen.  
She put her hands on my face, saying "Just focus on me Ben...just focus on me..."
I lowered my hand and focused on her.  All the rage and hate slowly melted away.
Raziel quickly recovered and assisted Ariana in holding me to the floor, then he began to mutter an incantation in angelic, and the burning pain in my stomach began to subside. 
Raziel sat back and sighed, "Well, that was difficult...and nice shot by the way." He said as he clutched his wound, "That one really hurt."
Ariana turned to him, "He didn't mean it! It was the demon stuff that made him do it..." 
"Yes, yes, I know...thank you for your help in subduing the demon influence...now I'll be taking him..." He tried to get up but yelled in pain and fell back to the ground, "Actually on second thought…” He remarked, “I think we'll just stay here." 
I stared at him suspiciously, "Who's we?  Ariana and I are going." 
"Well fine, by all means leave..." He mockingly shooed us off with his hand, "Unless you want to know the truth."
My eyes widened.  Suddenly I was interested, "What do you mean, the truth?"  
Raziel smirked, "Why, where you came from, and why you are here...and the truth about our race." 
"You said you knew the truth back at Riverglade...what makes it any different from now?" I asked in a questioning tone. 
Raziel scoffed, "Well time, obviously, and the fact that you never really heard about our race in the first place.  You can continue to stumble along your little journey without any knowledge, or you can listen to me and have actual guidance."
Ariana silently tried to protest, but I sat down in front of him, "Tell me everything you know...and tell me now." 
Raziel managed to stand up, pull up a nearby chair, and sat back down in it, and looked at his wound, "Well...it's still healing, luckily...but you certainly put a lot of power into that..." 
I held up my hand, "I can always give you another one if you like..." 
Raziel stared for a moment, and then leaned back, "Alright...I suppose I'll start from the beginning.  The Soraphim were a race made by The Creator, sometime after the angels were made.  Our true purpose was never really given to us...but The Creator gave us our own realm to live peacefully within.  One day, an angel named Lucifer began to spread his ideas of anarchy, and many other angels followed him...especially one who would one day be called Aka Manah." 
"Aka Manah? I think I've heard that name before..." Ariana remarked. 
I interrupted, "Wait...I've heard that name too...one of the demons mentioned it.  Who is he?" 
Raziel held up his index finger is a shushing manner and sighed in annoyance, "I'm getting to that.  Well, as they spread their ideals, I fell victim to them...especially those of Aka Manah himself.  He convinced me that the Creator was a tyrant that denied us free will and the right to do as we pleased, and likewise, I tried to convince my people.  They refused to disobey the Creator, and I went back to report to Aka Manah.  However, I was knocked unconscious by someone (I have no idea who) and woke up to find my people slaughtered...that wretched traitor simply decided that if my people would not join him, then they would have to die."
“Wait...all the Soraphim...dead?"  This didn't make any sense.  If I was a Soraphim, and they were all dead, then why did I even exist?
Raziel's eyebrows furrowed in rousing anger, "Yes...dead, gone, wiped from this plane of existence...apparently at the hands of Aka Manah."
Ariana and I stared at him continuously. 
Raziel continued, "Even my family...he killed them too.  I felt so lost...and angry...I was angry at Aka Manah for his betrayal and at the Creator as he stood by and did nothing..." He scoffed as he began to rant in clear frustration, "All that infinite power and he can't even save a group of beings who were loyal to him from the end...its utter horse dung.  He and his oh-so-powerful-angels should have done something!!! Anything..." He finished with a growl. 
"And...what happened after that?" 
Raziel's eyes glistened in resolute anger, "After I discovered my dead brethren, I discovered my abilities...my hellfire, the Nephilim shell...”
“Wait…” I said, “What exactly is the ‘Nephilim Shell’ and why can I catch myself on fire?” 
Raziel leaned back in his chair, “Think of the Nephilim Shell as a solidified version of your hellfire…the armor is a means of both attacking and defending.  It initially had no name at first, but after meeting a Nephilim on Earth, I noticed that when I spawned my armor, I was roughly his height.  Also, that Nephilim was a good friend of mine, so therefore that is how it got its name.  And as for the fire…” He looked at his palm, briefly lit a flame, and then extinguished it, “Even I don’t know why we have these abilities.”
“Alright…so what did you do after you discovered your abilities?” I asked. 
“I went to the battlefield to find Aka Manah and exact vengeance.  But I discovered that he had been banished to another realm...which I naturally assumed was Earth.  I spent a majority of my time there, searching for him...and eventually my search led me to New Eden, which had been created sometime after the rebellion.  Amidst my searching, I had over heard a group of she-demons talk about their plan to capture and 'corrupt' a Soraphim."
And that Soraphim was me...I thought. 
"So I investigated and found you.  Initially, I was skeptical, but found out that the rumors were indeed true."
"But wait..." I said, "I thought they were all extinct..."
"Well now, I'll admit your existence baffled me...and it still does somewhat.  I considered the fact that you might possibly be the descent of a survivor...but that seemed unlikely, the Soraphim traits would have disappeared throughout the years." he bent over slightly in his chair and looked me straight in the eye, "Which is why I wanted to capture you.  Regardless of where you're from, you are indeed one of my race...or at least a hybrid of some type.  Either way, here you are." 
"So that's it...you wanted to capture me, and restart the race with me..." I said, "But wouldn't you need a female?"
Raziel sat back in his chair, "Obviously.  But since I didn't encounter any on Earth..." He glanced at Ariana, "I suppose she will do.  She really seems quite attached to you anyway."
Ariana's eyes widened, as if he had just spilled every single secret of hers like a glass of milk. 
"Anyway...back to the demons.  I figured out that the demons knew of your abilities, and sought you out in order to corrupt you, as I stated before." Raziel said, beginning to explain until I interjected, 
"What do you mean, corrupt?" Even though I asked, deep down I already knew the answer to that question.
"When the demon corrupted you -most likely by biting you- it placed a special emphasis on your dark half...and I'm guessing that with each use, it further corrupts your soul and takes you over, like a poison of sorts, until eventually the process will be complete...and the Ben that you know..." He said, addressing Ariana, "...Will be gone."
"Wait..." I said, "Why do they want to 'corrupt' me? And what about my life on Earth?"
Raziel shrugged, "I have no idea about that.  And I suppose to turn you against the angels and the Creator...either way, I do not know.  But let me ask you a question: what are you going to do when you finally give in to the darkness?  I suppose it won't bode well for Ariana here..."
"Well...he won't if we can get past the Sky City..."Ariana said in defiance, "We have a plan to get rid of it, and get Ben back."
Raziel put his elbow on the arm of the chair and rested in chin on his fist, "Oh do tell...I would love to hear about this brilliant plan of yours..." He remarked sarcastically, gazing steadily at us through his long, black bangs.  
Ariana rolled her eyes and said, "Well I was going to take Ben to the Pool of Purity and cleanse him of the demon power..." 
Raziel looked at her quizzically, "Pool of Purity? I don't think I've ever heard of that...and that name seems awfully cliché..."
"That's what I said too." I noted. 
Ariana interrupted us, "Anyway, it's somewhere past the Sky City, which means that Ben and I need to get going as soon as possible." She said, strapping up her satchel. 
"And how do you know if it even exists?  Whoever gave you that information could be attempting to lead you into a trap..." He said, not taking his eyes off of us.  
Ariana shook her head, beginning to get angry, "I got that information from a close friend...someone who died so we could get out of that demon attack alive.  Her name was Kira."
Raziel’s eyes widened, then he looked away and shrugged, "Well...I… suppose it's credible.”  He cleared his throat as he continued, “However, it’s a rather long trek from here to The Sky City...this cabin is a few miles into the mountains." 
I walked up to Raziel and raised my voice, "Wait...you mean to tell me after all that walking that Ariana and I did to get there, you teleported us all the way back here? Now we're even shorter on time than we were before!!!" I growled angrily.  
Raziel rolled his eyes and threw up both of his hands, "My apologies.  I only wanted to capture you and somehow begin our race anew, but since your little infection poses a problem...seeing as how that girl..." He gestured to Ariana as he spoke, “...Is the only thing that can keep you sane, it's really not worth separating you from her.  If her little tale about this supposed 'Pool of Purity' holds up, we can cure this little annoyance of a disease and I can finally claim you.  After all...it would be a mess to have the living hell beaten out of me again.  I can't even begin to imagine what would happen if you completely lost control and squashed poor little Ariana here..."
I resisted the urge to punch him and eyed him carefully, "So what exactly are you suggesting? That we stay here?" 
Raziel tilted his head in thought, "Actually..." Suddenly he leapt out of his chair and grabbed us, and we instantly reappeared at the edge of a cliff.  The rest of the landscape was filled with mountains, including a large mass of land that was floating over a lake that was nestled in a ring of mountains.  On the giant piece of landmass was a Venice-style city, with a large spire erupting from the middle.  A road extended from the cliff to the landmass, allowing for travel to the city.  A rouge wind howled as Raziel, Ariana and I gazed upon the city, 
"...I was thinking we could stay here." He finished.  
Ariana and I looked at each other, smiling.  We were one step closer to ridding me of this demonic corruption once and for all.  
Chapter 18
The Mass Exodus

Michael, Gabriel and I had landed on the alcove of a mountain overlooking a small, peaceful town.  The people were going about their day, minding their own business, not a care in the world.  They seemed happy...like back when Riverglade was around.
I sighed in sorrow.  My once beautiful village was gone, and so was Ariana...and if it weren’t for that upstart Ben, and his annoying Soraphim abilities, we wouldn't even be in this mess.  I should have killed him on the spot.
I shook the thoughts from my head.  It isn’t the angel way to kill someone.  Also, I knew in my heart that this really wasn't Ben's fault.  After all, he couldn't really control anything that was happening...and as for Ariana falling for him, I decided to myself I would settle that matter once I found them. 
Gabriel propped his foot upon a rock and gazed outward at the village, "Hey Zachariel...do you suppose that any of the survivors from Riverglade are here?" He asked me, "I saw a large group fleeing in this direction...some of them could be there." 
I shrugged, "Worth a try, I suppose.  But no matter where we move these people to, it will all be meaningless if we don't take down that fortress...and we would need an army to accomplish that."  I turned to Michael, who was looking at a small scroll, "What do you think Michael?"
Michael grimaced, "It would be difficult to amass such an army so quickly...after all, angels aren’t as dispensable as demons are.  I would summon my legion, but they are currently on Earth...and I will probably have to go back to them soon."
"What about Ben and his abilities? I'm sure he could help us out if we found him..." Gabriel noted. 
I shook my head is dismay, "Not likely.  Ben still is learning to control his powers...and honestly, I think it'll be more difficult to find him than we originally anticipated; I have no clue where they are headed.  Kira might have known, but she's gone..." I paused mid-sentence, and drew in a deep breath, "Which takes us back to square one." 
Michael rolled up his scroll and stood to his feet, "Zachariel...you said Ben received his abilities from the demon bite, instead of killing him, correct?" 
I nodded. "He showed no signs of those abilities beforehand.  I don't know how this demon turned him into a Soraphim..."
Michael interrupted me, "What if Ben didn't 'receive' his abilities...what if they were already there?"
"What are you implying, Michael?" Gabriel asked. 
"I'm implying that Ben wasn't turned into a Soraphim...he was one all along.  The one behind the she-demons you mentioned is probably the one behind the fortress, and I'm betting that he sent them to corrupt Ben."
"Wait...what do you mean corrupt?!" I asked with a growing sense of dread. 
"Corrupt as in to unleash and amplify his dark characteristics, which ultimately have an effect on his abilities.  So therefore, I think that the one behind this had a goal, which was to corrupt Ben and bring him to their side...which is why Ben was brought to New Eden." Michael explained.  
"Wait…Ben said he had a life on Earth.  Are you saying he was killed for that reason?  To be brought here and used as a puppet?! Then why did he end up in the forest with Ariana???" 
Michael looked at the scroll and turned his head toward the village, "I think some...outside force...may have diverted him away from his destination, otherwise he would have ended up at the fortress, and already been in service to the one behind this.  So the she-demons coming to Riverglade to corrupt Ben must have been some sort of back-up plan..."
And Raziel must have figured that out...I finished the sentence as a thought in my head, He probably even knows who's behind this.
Gabriel spoke up, "What about the Soraphim on Earth that you mentioned earlier?  Why are they reappearing all of a sudden when they should be extinct?" 
Michael hesitated, and then looked at us, "I think The Creator decided to re-create the Soraphim on Earth...that's the only feasible explanation." 
I looked at Michael quizzically, "Why would the Creator do that?”  
"He shrugged and shook his head, "I have no idea..." Then he looked at the scroll and handed it to me, "But it might have something to do with this..."
I opened the scroll and looked at it.  It read:
The Exodus is coming soon. Be ready
"The Exodus...as in a Mass Exodus? Is The Creator really planning to begin the End Times?" I inquired.  If the end was really nearing, then this would change everything...
Michael nodded, "Yes...I believe he does.  What’s more, I believe he intends to start with New Eden." 
Which means that we are running out of time, I thought, I need information on where Ariana and Ben were...by any means necessary.  
"And how to we rid Ben of his corruption? Do we have to kill him?" Gabriel asked suggestively.
Michael peered at me through the corner of his eye, "We'll leave that up to Zachariel.  In the meantime, let's disguise ourselves and head down to that village.  Let's see if we can find any information on the whereabouts of Ben and Ariana...maybe they passed through here."  His wings shifted around his body and melded together to form a brown cloak with a hood, effectively hiding his armor. 
Gabriel and I followed his example and formed our own hooded cloaks.  
The three of us jumped down the mountain side and begin sliding down the slope toward the town.  I just hoped we could find some information there...
...

For about an hour Gabriel and I sat on a bench in the middle of the town, keeping an eye on civilians while Michael talked to the angel in charge of the village.  
I sat there quietly, contemplating the situation.  Now, it seemed like we have even less time then we had before, and Ben was corrupted by a demon...and what's worse, he's with Ariana.  There's no telling what happened ever since they left...if only I could have gone with them...
I looked back up at the crowd.  It was then that I hear the hissing voice of a teenage girl calling out to someone, "Come on Bailey!  And Marge!  Stop being so damn slow...we have a job to do here.  Be ready to drop that beacon and get the hell out of here!" 
Marge and Bailey? Those were the names that Ariana mentioned...and they turned out to be...
Suddenly Gabriel stood up and drew his sword, his eyes widening in fervent anticipation, "Demons.  I sense Demons."
Like him, I also drew my sword.  These were the same she-demons that attack Ben and Ariana back at Riverglade...however I'm not sure how they survived the attack...considering that I specifically remember impaling one through the chest, and the fact that Ben snapped the leader's neck. 
We lowered our blades and let the robes hide them, since they would give us away if they saw us.  If we could get close enough while incognito...then it would be all over for them. 
"Maybe we can interrogate them." Gabriel suggested in a whisper, "If we can just capture one..." 
I nodded, "Yes, I know.  Just make your way through the crowd, and act inconspicuous.  We don't want them to know we're here until we've captured them...or better yet, kill all but one...and this time, we'll make sure that they stay dead." 
We slowly made our way through the crowd and toward the she-demons.  One of them held a strange, gray and red box, and hastily attempted to cover it with a lose rag.  
I wondered about the contents of the box...one of them called it a "beacon", so maybe it's used to attract other demons...
I sped up my way through the crowd, but unfortunately one of the demons noticed me and alerted her sisters. 
My eyebrows furrowed in frustration.  They’ve  spotted us...
My head snapped toward Gabriel, "They've spotted us! Chase after them!!!" I began pushing the people aside and running toward the she-demons.  
Slowly they began to morph into their demonic forms, running down the street, attempting to escape us.  
"Marge! Bailey! Keep them off my back...I need time to deploy it!" Hissed the leader, which I assumed was "Alexis". 
I flung aside the cloak and formed it back into my wings, drawing my sword to strike in the process.  With a fast swing, I vaporized one of the she-demons, leaving only the leader and the one called "Bailey" left.  
I flew skyward and attempted to come down on the leader, but the remaining follower blocked it with her own curved weapon, giving the leader time to scramble farther away from me. 
The she-demon attempted to counter-attack several times in desperation, slashing at me haphazardly, looking to make any opening, so as to deal a fatal blow.  
As she swung her curved blade wildly, she made the mistake jabbing at my chest.  I leapt to the side and grabbed her arm, breaking it to restrain her from attacking.  
Her curved blade fell to the ground with a loud CLANG, and she immediately gripped her arm, squealing in utter pain. 
I pressed my foot against her chest, forcing her to the ground, "HOW ARE YOU ALIVE, DEMON?! WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?!" I growled in an intimidating voice.  
She struggled under the increasing pressure of my foot, garbling in hate and frustration.  
I planted my blade in the ground about in inch from her face, and angled it so it lightly scraped her neck.  I applied a little more pressure to my foot, "I'll ask one more time...What are you doing here...?"
She stopped struggling and looked up at me, grinning evilly.  "You'll see soon...you can kill us but we'll just keep on coming...and soon, we'll corrupt and decimate New Eden and its inhabitants..."
I scoffed in anger, "And how do you plan to do that?" 
She gave me one more wicked grin and whispered, "Ben..." 
My eyes narrowed, "What do you mean, Ben?  How do you plan to use him..?"
"It's simple..." She hissed, "Put him under enough pressure, and he'll crack.  Probably kill a lot of people in the process too...including that little brat Ariana..." 
I had heard enough.  I finished her off by grabbing the blade to my sword and swinging it downward, decapitating the demon like a guillotine.  I drew my sword from out of the ground. 
As I wiped the blade clean, I began to try to fit the pieces together in my mind.  She said that Ben will "crack"...but what exactly did she mean by that? Were they attempting to make Ben go insane by putting constant pressure on him? And what would it gain them? 
I jumped to the source of another nearby commotion.  Michael and Gabriel were now interrogating the leader for information, and had just finished her off by stabbing her through the chest.  
I ran up next to them, "Michael! Gabriel! They plan to use Ben to..."
Before I could finish my sentence, the sound of a loud crack filled the air, sending us flying into three separate directions.  A thirty-foot Wicked Giant had appeared; ready to bring havoc and mayhem upon the town.  People began to flee toward the exit of the town in terror of the newly spawned enemy.  
My eyes widened as I realized the enemy's tactics for destroying towns.  Demon agents would come in disguise, and spawn the Wicked Giants, forcing the townspeople to move further up north, eventually clumping them altogether, where...
I replayed the she-demon's words in my head, "Put him under a lot of pressure and he'll crack...probably kill a lot of people too..."
Kill a lot of people.  All the refugees from the towns...naturally they would migrate toward the center of New Eden, The Sky City...
Gabriel landed next to me, helped me up from the rubble of the building.  I quickly gripped his shoulders, "Gabriel...they're using these Wicked Giants as a means to get the refugees to migrate north to the Sky City.  They are putting all their targets in once spot...and then they plan to..." Gabriel removed my hands from his shoulders and readied his sword, "Tell me about it later, Zachariel.  We need to take care of this beast..."
"NO! Don't you get it??? These beasts are meant to force the people up north, where they'll all be killed at once!!!  The rendezvous point is the Sky City!!!" 
Gabriel stared at me, "The Sky City is too well protected...there's no way they can assault..."
"It's not an assault, Gabriel. It's an attack from the inside...they plan to offset Ben somehow and have him destroy the city, with everyone in it...it'll be mass genocide." I explained to him in a hurried tone. 
Gabriel exhaled in disbelief, "Wait...you mean that they corrupted Ben in order to have him kill a multitude of people? What would that accomplish? Their souls would rest and await the Final Realm...and what about the Exodus?"
I sighed.  I didn't know for what purpose they wanted to kill everyone...if The Creator planned to bring an end to everything soon, then what good was massacring everyone?  It made no sense whatsoever. 
Gabriel looked around, "Where's Michael? I haven't seen him since..."
Suddenly a large object was flying toward us toward us, which at first I assumed a meteor that the Giants generally threw. 
"GET OUT OF THE WAY!!!" I shouted.  Gabriel and I parted ways as the object landed where we were standing, which turned out to be the Giant's head.  
Michael landed next to me, sheathing his blade. "Zachariel...you said you knew what the enemy was planning...you said they planned to use Ben." 
I quickly explained everything to him.  I explained how they were herding the people to The Sky City like pigs for slaughter, and how they planned to massacre them.  
Michael looked at us worriedly, "We need to go then...but at this rate, it'll take us days to reach the Sky City..."
"A few days...even at full speed?  Exactly how bad is it?" Gabriel asked. 
Michael turned around and said, "It's worse than I thought...follow me.  We'll discuss it on the way." and then we all took off, soaring into the sky in hopes that we could reach it in time...
Chapter 19
The Sky City
Ben, Raziel, and I walked up the path toward The Sky City.  Raziel was leaning on Ben since he was still healing, and therefore we walked slowly, which was annoying me. 
I spoke up, "Jeez Raziel...couldn't you have, I don't know, teleported us any closer? Or perhaps IN the city?" I asked, annoyed with how far we had to walk.  
Raziel gave me a cold look, "Well now if I could don't you think I would have?  Ben here took quite a bit of energy from me...and considering I had two other passengers, I'd like to think I did a fairly decent job, so some appreciation wouldn't go amiss..." He finished with a slight hiss. 
I rolled my eyes.  I guess he had a point...but then again Ben and I would have been at the pool already if he hadn't attacked us.
"I guess you're right...so what's the plan once we get in?" 
Raziel narrowed his eyes in thought, "Well the city is very large...it'll take us half the day just to make it to the center.  I suggest we find someplace to rest, so that we can recuperate..."
Ben chimed in, "Don't you mean, so you can recuperate?  You don't look like you can go much farther anyway..."
Raziel smirked, "You're a smart boy, Benjamin. Yes, I would like a place to rest and heal.  I'm sure the pair of you are tired as well...and look..." He pointed toward the setting sun, leaving only the planet in the atmosphere, "It's nearly dusk..."
I tried to avoid it, but I yawned, which further proved Raziel's point.  I looked the opposite direction to avoid looking at what I was sure was Raziel's smug look of victory.  I wasn't going to give him the satisfaction.
Ben spoke up, "Well...I guess we better get looking." 
"That would be wise..." Raziel replied nonchalantly. 
I scoffed in annoyance at Raziel and looked forward.  We had just arrived in the city, where it was full of people, either running around randomly or trying to sell something to somebody.  I remember coming here with my Dad, and him buying me a set of my favorite books.
As Ben marveled at the city, a little dog came running up to me and sat directly in front me, staring at us cutely. 
I patted its head affectionately, "Awwww! Cute doggy!" 
Raziel rolled his eyes, "Scram, dog."
The dog gave Raziel a wide-eyed look, as if its pride had been violated. It uttered the word "Wow” in a quick, slightly hushed tone and proceeded to take off in the opposite direction, back into the crowd.  
As the three of us began to walk again, Raziel sighed in annoyance, "Stupid mutt..." He looked around the city streets, but due to being bent over, his vision was mostly blocked by the crowd, "Ben...do you see a place that might be vacant?" 
Ben attempted to crane his neck to see above the crowd, but he shook it in frustration and said, "Not that I see...there's too many people in the crowd..." He craned his neck again, straining his eyes to see father, "Ugh I still don't see anything...wait...there might be a place at the end of the street...there's a vacancy sign." 
Raziel nodded and the groaned in pain, "Alright...then that's where we're headed..." He looked toward me, "I trust you have plenty of clothes right? We don't need to waste any precious time shopping for outfits..."
I was about to pull out my violin and smack him upside the head with it for being so rude, but Ben spoke up, attempting to diffuse the tension, "Actually, Ariana's clothes can shape shift. She can take on any outfit that she can visualize."
Raziel looked back over at me, "Huh...interesting ability." 
Ben nodded, "Oh hey Ari...I forgot to ask...how exactly do you do that?" 
I looked down at my outfit.  I was still wearing the same one from the forest, where Ben and I danced and named our song...and honestly, I had no idea how I could change my clothes either.  It was one of those out-of-the-blue things I had discovered a few years ago.
"Umm...I actually don't know Ben...that's a really good question." I answered. 
Raziel smirked and spoke, "Well, that saves us time...at least we don't have to go on a shopping spree."
I was seriously about to smack him, until Ben readjusted his grip on Raziel, which caused him to groan in pain.  He quickly looked over at me and winked, hinting that he had done that on purpose. 
I grinned and gave a quick thumbs up, but Raziel caught part of it and raised his eyebrow in suspicion. "What the hell was that...?" He asked, seriously annoyed. 
Ben immediately put on an act, "Oh sorry Raziel...didn't mean to...I was trying to re-adjust my grip..."
Raziel interrupted him, "Well that's a load of bull.  We both know you did it as payback for my rude comment." Then he slightly grinned in satisfaction, "But I must say...nicely executed.  That means you're learning a thing or two from me..."
My cheeks burned with frustration.  Learning from him? Like heck! Ben was nothing like him...he is a nice, sweet boy that I fell in love with all that time ago back in Riverglade.  If it hadn't been for Raziel, maybe we could be back there, and I would’ve possibly even kissed him under the tree that we sat at on the first day...
As I started to dwell onto my own thoughts, Raziel smirked and said, "Oh look Ben, she's blushing and smiling to herself.  I think she's fantasizing about you..."
At that moment out of rage, I swung myself around and attempted to roundhouse kick him in the stomach, but he caught my foot and I fell down on my butt with a loud THUMP. 
Raziel looked at me with a smug look on his face and grinned, obviously amused at my failed kick. 
"Well, girl...you've got some spirit.  I think you'd make a decent Soraphim." He noted.  
I got up and brushed the dirt from my pants, and held my fist threateningly in his face, "You sir, need to stop insulting me..." 
Raziel sneered, "That was a compliment, girl.  Enjoy it...I don't give them out much."
I don't even know how he expected me to "enjoy" a compliment like it was a gift from The Creator himself.  I practically hated anything that this jerk threw out.
Raziel looked forward and told us to halt, "We're here.  Go inside and get comfortable."
We went inside the building, which looked decent, but the room we rented was a total dump.  The walls were full of shredded wallpaper, parts of the wooden floor were torn up, and the bed looked uncomfortable.  A spring broke loose as I touched the mattress
“Or try to…” Ben half-sarcastically remarked. 
Raziel broke free from Ben's assistance and sat himself down in a chair that was in the corner of the room.  He dipped his head and let his hair cover both of his eyes, and from the point on did not move an inch.  
I looked at Ben and gestured to Raziel, but Ben shrugged and said, "Maybe that's how he sleeps..."
"Well it's kind of weird..." I said, "It feels like he's listening in on everything we say..." 
Ben scoffed, "I hope not.  Anyway, do you want the bed?"  He asked. 
I gave him a quizzical look, "Why can't we share it?" 
Ben's face began to turn red, "Well...um..." 
"Is it because of that "cuddling" thing that Dad mentioned..?" 
"Well...yeah...partially…" He admitted, "I'm sure even if we just sat in the same bed he would probably kill me and ground you for life."
I looked over at the mattress, then back at Ben, "As much as I miss him, Dad's not here...and seeing as how there's no other bed, or even a chair, I'm pretty sure that sharing is the only option, unless you want the torn-up wooden floor." I said as I sat my satchel next to the bed.  
Ben sighed in defeat, "Ugh...okay..." He took his boots off and kicked them to the side of the room, "Your Dad is totally going to kill me once he finds us."
I lightly smacked him in the arm and sat down on the mattress, "We laid down right next to each other under that tree, what makes a bed any different?" I said as I morphed my clothes into a set of gray pajamas with a hoodie.  
  Ben sat laid down on the bed and covered his face in a pillow, "It's kind of awkward for me to tell you about that specific "thing"..." He said in a muffled voice.  I figured his face was super red and that he was trying to hide it. 
"What about "cuddling"? Can you tell me about that?" I asked. 
Ben removed the pillow from his face.  My guess turned out to be right, his face was about as red as a tomato. "Well...I guess down on Earth, "cuddling" is basically hugging each other...except that it can occur pretty much anywhere." 
Hugging? That's all it was..?
"But we hugged like a gazillion times, Ben.  Dad didn't seem to care...I mean, when he mentioned it, I could tell he was joking, but still..." 
"Well not hugging exactly...cuddling is more than hugging.  It's a way of showing love, I guess.  You hold someone special in your arms, and that shows them how much you care for them." He said as he yawned. 
Oh...so that's what it was...
"So you mean...it's for lovers?" I asked with a hint of hope in my voice. 
Ben put the pillow behind his head and said, "Yeah...or really close family members sometimes.  But mostly lovers cuddle...or at least on Earth they do.  I don't know how things work here..." He slowly began to close his eyes. 
My mind instantly darted back to when Ben and I were sleeping at the tree on the forest path...I remembered the way I laid my head against his chest and the way we held hands...
So...we were technically cuddling at the tree...I thought to myself, even though Ben probably doesn't remember it...
The voice in my head interrupted, Yeah!  Getting close to snagging him, Ari!  You go, girl!
I smiled at the thought, which suddenly gave me and idea...
"Hey Ben, I still don't understand cuddling...do you think you could show me..." I turned around to discover that Ben had already fallen asleep.  
I uttered a small growl of frustration and laid back on my pillow.  If I had acted sooner, maybe I would have been able to...
"Well now that's amusing." Raziel remarked as he raised his head, his eyes ablaze with their traditional scarlet color. 
Normally I would have jumped out of the bed and beat him upside the head with Ole’ Betsy, but I considering that I felt so embarrassed, I couldn't move a muscle. 
I simply stared him down, "I really, really don't like you, and I hope you know that, Raziel."
"I'm aware.  But the question is: does Ben really know how you feel about him?  Or should I tell him about that time you tried to kiss him while he was sleeping?"
I was completely frozen with shock, but I managed to slowly move my head to look at him, "How do you know that...?" I asked tentatively. 
"I saw it, obviously.  By the way, really nice job blowing your chance by poking him in the eye.  Swell performance, really..." He said as he sarcastically began to clap. 
My face contorted in anger, "You jerk..." Then I stopped myself, "Wait...if you were watching us the whole time, then why didn't you just take Ben when you had the chance..?  Why wait till after?" 
Raziel's eyes diverted to the side to avoid my gaze, "It was a tactical choice.  Nothing more." 
I was onto him.  Raziel was hiding something...
"That's not true, Raziel.  You didn't take Ben at that point because you felt something when you saw us..."
"Girl, I would advise you to..."
"Because it reminded you of a special someone you once had..." I theorized. 
Raziel began to glare at me, but then his eyes softened and he sighed in defeat, "Yes...I had a wife, and a child.  Both lost in the massacre." He looked up and recreated his glare, "Happy?"
I frowned, "No...that's not happy at all.  Losing someone you love is a horrible thing.  Nobody should have to go through that..." I said with a saddened smirk. 
Raziel sat back and hid his face in his long, spiky hair, drawing his arms out of the sleeves of his trench coat and resting them on his knees, "Well life and The Creator are cruel.  What exactly did you expect?" He said in a low, gravely voice. 
"What do you mean?  The Creator isn't cruel..." I said. 
"Either he is cruel, or he doesn't care.  It's obviously one of those, since he failed to stop the death of my people and fails to stop the thousands upon thousands of deaths that occur every day, including your mother's murder of you." He snapped. 
"How...how do you know that?" I asked Raziel, scooting toward the edge of the bed.  
Raziel didn't move at all.  He simply stared and said, "I know things, girl.  Knowing things allow me to stay ahead of the curve...and your mother murdered you for love and it failed her.  And look where you are now.  Isn't that enough to convince you that The Creator is cruel?  Letting someone rob you of the chance to live..?" He said as he sat upright. 
I stopped to think for a moment, and then I slowly replied back, "That was my mom's choice.  I was given a second chance at life here in New Eden...and if I had been born on Earth, I probably wouldn't have met Ben in the first place."
Raziel raised an eyebrow, "Are you saying that death is beneficial? Maybe in your case, but certainly not in mine.  When my family died, my heart went with them, and I have not given a solemn damn for anything since then, except a new beginning for the Soraphim, without any demons or The Creator influencing them."
"So that's why you want to restart your race..." I began.
Raziel shot me a questioning look, "What?  What are you talking about?"
I took in a deep breath and said, "You want to bring back your race because you want your heart back.  You want a new family."
Raziel's eyes widened, and then he quickly hid them behind his hair once more, "You don't know what the hell you're talking about.  You should get some rest, girl..."
"And in a way, you think of Ben as your son, don't you? You want to teach him everything you know, and use him to start the new family that you've always dreamed of." 
Raziel raised his head and leaned to the side a little bit, then he smirked, "I underestimated you, girl.  You are a lot sharper than I originally thought...Yes, in a way, I do think of Ben as my son.  As far as I know, he is the only surviving Soraphim in existence besides me."
I nodded, "But you said yourself you needed a female Soraphim...but if there aren’t any, how are you going to restart your race?"
Raziel looked at me, "I did say that, but I also said that you would have to do..."
"What do you mean?" I asked. 
"I'm saying that once we clear Ben of his corruption...you can go with him to our realm.  The new Soraphim race can begin anew, and you and Ben will be the start of it."
I felt super confused.  How exactly was I supposed to "restart a race" anyway?
"And how do we make the race anew again...?  Like how do we make more people?  Do we form them out of clay like the Creator did..?" I asked, hoping for an explanation that actually made sense. 
Raziel looked at me, and then chuckled.  "You haven't been taught how that works yet, have you..?"
I shook my head.  Dad never saw the need to talk about how people are made...but now Raziel had my curiosity. 
He snickered, "This is going to be amusing..." Then Raziel leaned over toward me, "Now listen carefully, on Earth, people..."
...

When I woke up, Raziel was still in his chair, leaning to the side and not moving, as if he were a statue.  Ariana, however, had a look of blatant shock permanently affixed to her face.  There were dark circles under her eyes, as if she hadn't slept all night. She sat at the edge of the bed, with her hands folded neatly in her lap.  She looked like she had been traumatized or something. 
I snapped my fingers in front of her face, trying to get her attention, "Ari? Are you there...?"
For a moment, Ariana didn't budge.  It wasn't until Raziel had woken up, picked up a random book, and slammed it on the floor that Ariana snapped out of her trance. The book landed on the floor with a resounding THUD. 
She jumped up and ended up falling on the floor, screaming at the top of her lungs for a moment, then looking up at me, "Oh...um...good morning Ben..." She said, slightly shaking.  
I sat down next to her and tapped her on the shoulder, "What's wrong Ari...?" 
She turned to me and stared me in the eyes blankly for a moment, then looked down awkwardly at her shoes, "Umm...nothing...I'm fine." She briefly put up a fake smile and got up from her spot, picked up her satchel with her violin in it, and headed over to the door, "Umm...I'm going to go get some cereal from the breakfast buffet downstairs..." She said, her eyes darting from me to Raziel.  
"Oh...okay...well I'll meet you downstairs soon, alright?" I promised her. 
She gave another brief, half-smile and walked out the door.  
I turned around and shot an angry look at Raziel, "What did you do..?"
"I have no idea what you’re talking about..." Raziel said indignantly. 
I glared at him until his bearing broke. 
"Oh fine...I told her the basics of the human cycle...and how other humans are made..." He said, his voice trailing off.  
I sighed in major annoyance, "ARE YOU KIDDING ME? You probably just scarred that poor girl for life!!!  And also, that was Zachariel's job!!!" 
He scoffed and began to make his way to the door, "Oh please...how old is she, eighteen? That lesson was way past overdue anyway." 
I followed him out the door, "But come on Raziel, did you seriously have to do that?  I mean, it doesn't even matter in a realm where you can't even think about..."
Raziel interrupted me, "You see Ben, that is where you are wrong.  Whatever Zachariel may have told you is only half true...yes, you can think about it, or even commit it, but like in the original creation, you have to be married first.  I suppose Zachariel never got around to it because of the fact he's an angel...and angels don't experience that, due to their putrid little innocence or whatever..." He said as he slipped on his coat. 
I stayed silent for a minute, and then spoke up, "You know Ariana will probably never look at me the same again, right?" 
Raziel rolled his eyes, "Well considering you too aren’t married, it's safe to assume that she still thinks of you the same...and her traumatized look is not because of the explicit details, she's acting like that because she's thinking about the long run of things..." He surmised. 
I blinked my eyes and looked at him as we approached the bottom of the stairs, "What do you mean, the long run?"
Raziel looked surprised, "Oh, you mean you don't know..?" 
I shook my head, "Know what?" I asked. 
As he began, he opened his mouth to speak, but then he looked over.  I followed his gaze and saw that he was looking at Ariana, who was wearing a glare aimed at Raziel that could only mean one thing: Don't you dare...
Raziel immediately closed his mouth and began backing up, "Well...I'll let you two sort that out then.  It appears that I may have overstepped my boundaries..." With that, he left the room and headed outside. 
I pulled a chair up to Ariana's table and sat down across from her.  She briefly looked up at me, and then back down at her cereal. 
"Umm...well I'm sorry about all that awkwardness that he created earlier..." I said, apologizing.
She looked back at me and managed to smile, "It's alright Ben...I mean, awkwardness is part of life, I guess..." She laughed nervously, and went back to twirling her spoon around in her cereal bowl.  
"So want to go walk around town after you're done?" I asked her. 
She nodded and finished the rest of her cereal, wiping her mouth with a napkin and getting up from her chair.  However, instead of grabbing my wrist like she usually does, she grabbed my hand and interlocked our fingers. 
She noticed me staring at our interlocked hands, and began to pull away slightly, "Oh...that isn't too awkward for you...is it?" 
I shook my head, "No, no, it's fine...I don't mind.  Awkwardness is a part of life, right?" I gave her a reassuring smile. 
She smiled back warmly and we walked out the door of the hotel and unto the street.  We made our way down the street, where several people had gathered.  Among them, I recognized someone.
I stopped mid-walk, craning my neck to see above the crowd.  In the middle was a woman, about forty or so years of age, she had long, shaggy brown hair that went to her shoulders, and she wore an evil, sadistic grin that reminded me of a witch.  Suddenly, I recognized her...she was the twisted foster mom of me and my sister, Lilly.  Memories began to flow through my head...
... 

I walked up toward Ms. Granary’s house, with the court-order in my hand.  I had convinced the judge that Lilly was not receiving the proper food, and being denied her anxiety medicine from when Mom and Dad died.  Now that I was almost eighteen, I was getting ready to take custody of my sister.  The police should be here in a few minutes to help out. 
I prepared to knock on the door, but to my surprise it was already open.  I walked inside to find the place a mess, covered with beer cans, bags of white powder, and junk food slopped all over the floor.  In the corner of the room sat Gretchen Granary, the foster mom in charge of Lilly.  She had mistreated my sister and me all these years, until I was old enough to leave the orphanage.  I made a promise to return for my sister, and now I was going to fulfill it.  
She looked up at me, then scoffed, "Well hello, Benjamin.  Come to say you're sorry?" 
"No.  I've come to get my sister.  I've got a court-order that says she's in my custody now." I remarked coldly. 
She pulled out a cigarette and lit it, "Is that so?" I'd like to think that Lilly is rather happy here...LILLY! BRING ME SOME JACK DANIELS!" She shouted. 
Lilly came out of the hallway.  She was about ten years of age, with long, black hair like mine tied in a ponytail.  On her face she had a large bruise on her cheek, and a small scar on her chin.  
I suddenly felt beyond furious, "WHAT THE HELL DID YOU DO TO HER???"
She shook it off nonchalantly, as if it were nothing of importance, "She was misbehaving.  Big deal." 
"Misbehaving???"
"Yeah.  Being a little turd, that's what..."
"Well...lucky for you, you won't have to deal with that anymore..." I gestured to Lilly, "Come on Lilly...we're going." 
She got up from her chair, snatched the court-order from my hand, and proceeded to burn it with her cigarette lighter, "Sorry Ben...but you see, considering her medical problems, I get a big amount of cash from the Government for keeping watch over her..."
I grabbed Lilly's hand and began to walk toward the door, "Well sorry, look's like your pay is getting cut.  I already told the cops something like this would happen...they're on their way.  Come on, Lilly, let's go." 
Her face contorted in anger, "You little...BRING THAT GIRL BACK HERE!"
I ignored her and kept walking toward the door.  A second after that I heard a clicking noise followed by a loud gunshot.  I felt a sharp pain suddenly erupt from my abdomen, and I fell to the ground.
Gretchen came over and yanked Lilly from my grip.  Lilly screamed at the top of her lungs, "NOOO!!! BROTHER!!!" she continued to drag Lilly out the door, and smacked her head against the frame of the door and knocked her unconscious.  
I lifted my head up and saw her putting Lilly in the car.  
No...not my sister... 
"NO!!! BRING LILLY BACK...!”
...

As my mind focused back to reality, I glared hatefully at Gretchen Granary.  I began to slowly move through the crowd, shoving people aside. 
Ariana pleaded with me, "Ben...don't..." She tried to grab my arm, but I shoved it away. As I went further through the crowd, I formed a blade in my hands using my abilities.  I mentally shaped the blade so that it would inflict pain when I stabbed her.
I watched as she continued to laugh manically, which further angered me.  She didn't deserve to laugh.  She didn't deserve to live. She needed to die for what she did.
I began to raise the blade to strike her, but Raziel stood in my way, "Ben...you need to go...now..." He warned. 
I glared up at him, "Get out of my way, Raziel." I warned him with a growl. 
Raziel stared back with his scarlet red eyes, "No.  Ben...listen to me..."
I shoved him out of the way and began to run through the crowd toward the evil woman.  I wanted to kill her.  I was going to.  But first I was going to make her suffer for what she did.  
Before she could even tell I was there, I ran up to her and punched her across the face.  She fell back against the wall and groaned in pain, and I grabbed her by the throat and choked her.  She looked up at me, her eyes full of fear when she realized who I was. 
I raised the knife, ready to bring it down.  I took in a deep breath, but I heard Ariana cry out, "NO BEN! DON'T DO IT!" 
She rushed towards me, but Raziel held her back, "No girl...Ben needs to make this choice."
I looked back at Gretchen.  She still looked up at me in fear.  I raised the knife once more to deal the killing blow. 
"BEN!!! YOU PROMISED!!! YOU PROMISED YOU WOULD STAY WHO YOU ARE!!!" Ariana cried out.
I looked back at her.  She was in tears, a horrified look affixed to her face.  She tried to cry out again, her voice a mere whisper, "Ben...please...you promised..." 
I looked back at Gretchen, and then at my knife.  The look of fear was still frozen on her face, but in a way, it reminded me of me of the fear I felt when I lost Lilly.
As much as I hated her, I began to feel pity.  I knew deep down inside that if I did this...that would make me no better than her...and besides, I did make a promise to Ariana.
I lowered the blade and dropped it to the ground, watching is evaporate back into smoke.  I grabbed the scruff of her shirt and glared into her terror-filled eyes, "I remember what you did...how much pain you caused me, and what you did to Lilly...I really should kill you...but I won't." I shoved her back to the ground, "I'm better than that.  I won't sink to your level, and I'm not evil.  So you get to live, but live knowing the gravity of what you did." I got up and walked back toward Raziel and Ariana.  I grabbed Ariana's hand and began to lead her out of the on looking crowd. 
Suddenly I heard a hiss behind me.  I turned around to see Gretchen transform into a she-demon, and attempt to leap after me and Ariana.  I almost summoned my armor in defense, but Raziel had leapt in the way and had run the she-demon through with his sword.  She vaporized into dust with one final scream, and it was over. 
Ariana and I gaped at Raziel.  He walked in front of us and said, "We need to find somewhere else to stay tonight.  Let's go..." 
Chapter 20
The Corrupted Fall
Ben, Raziel and I made our way toward the edge of the Sky City.  I still felt shocked at what Ben almost did...but then again, I was relieved that he made the right decision.  It meant that my Ben was still here, and as long as he was here, the possibly of us having a future together was here also…
His words to the woman echoed in my head, I'm better than that. I won't sink to your level. I'm not evil... 
I looked over at Ben.  He looked like he was locked in a trance.
I nudged him in the side, "Hey Ben...what’s wrong?" 
Ben looked at me, "I knew that woman...she's from my past..."
"What do you mean, Ben?  If she's from your past, then who was she?"
"She...was someone who tortured my sister and me..."
"Who's your sister?" I asked. 
He looked at me, "Lilly.  All this time...Lilly was my little sister.  She was the one I was having nightmares about.  She's the one whose name I kept calling in my sleep." 
So "Lilly" was Ben's sister...suddenly everything kind of made sense.  He must have lost her to that woman when he was on Earth.
"Do you know what happened to her?" I asked. 
Ben shook his head, "Beyond being taken by Gretchen, I don't know...anything could have happened to her."
I dipped my head, "I'm sorry Ben..." 
So both he and Raziel had lost people before... I thought, Raziel had lost his wife and child, and Ben had lost his sister.  No wonder they were so alike...
He gave me a reassuring half-smile, "It's alright Ariana...it's not your fault."
I returned the smile.  After letting all that evil win the first few times...Ben had finally struck a blow.  He had finally resisted.  To me, that was a sign of hope.  A hope that Ben could finally be cleared of this and we could try to go back to a normal life...
Deep down, however, I knew my life in Riverglade as over.  The town was pretty much obliterated, and I don't even know what happened to Dad...so even if we fixed Ben, where would we go?  And I'm sure even if we found a place to stay, then Ben would still be stalked by demons in disguise, like that one that Raziel vaporized.  As much as I hate to admit it, we were nearly out of options.
I turned to Ben again, "But why did that demon take her form? How did it know...?"
Raziel spoke up from the front, "The demons are attempting to push you, Ben.  They are trying to coerce you to use your abilities."
"And why is that a bad thing?" Ben asked. 
"Because the she-demons infected you in the first place, corrupting your abilities, and making them -and you- darker in nature.  Next, they hoped to force you to use your power, so as to further your corruption...to make you lose control.  Once you lose control, your body will simply be a shell for madness, chaos, and destruction.  At that point, not even Ariana here will be able to calm you down..." Raziel said in a solemn tone, "And you will kill anyone and everyone.  So therefore, we can't allow you to use your abilities...especially the Nephilim Shell.  From the looks of it, the shell is probably the ability that causes the corruption to spread the fastest." 
Ben looked down in thought, and then gazed at Raziel, "How long do you think I have before my...transformation…is complete?" 
Raziel looked around, and then looked skyward in deep thought, "I bought you some time back at the cabin...but now, I'd say you have less than two days.  That means we need to hurry up and get you to that pool, and cleanse you.  The sooner the better."  
I hesitated when Raziel said it.  Two days seemed to me like we're cutting it awfully close...I didn't want to be forced into a situation where I have to use Omega to stop Ben.  Even then, I doubted that I could do it. 
Suddenly, a small boy ran up to Ben and hugged him, "Ben! You're okay!!!" He shouted with glee. 
Ben patted the child's head, "Hey Billy...did you find your parents?" He asked. 
He shook his head sadly, "No..."
I interrupted them, "Wait...you know this kid, Ben?" 
Ben nodded his head, "Yeah...met him back at Kira's village.  He doesn't know where his parents are."
Wait...that didn't make sense.  I knew all the kids from Kira's village, since I've been there more than once, I didn't remember anybody named "Billy."
Raziel stared at the child suspiciously, "Well say your goodbyes.  We can't afford to have anything slowing us down."
Ben stood to his full height and protested, "Come on Raziel! He's just a kid...look, I say we let him hang with us until he finds his parents." Ben pleaded. 
Raziel eyeballed the child carefully, "Very well.  He can stay with us...for now. Once we reach the edge of the city, he'll have to go, parents or not."
Ben looked down at Billy, "How does that sound, Billy?  You can stay with us until we get to the edge of the city."
Billy slowly nodded his head, "That's fine...I like staying with you, Ben.  You're awesome!" He gave Ben another hug and pulled back, "So where are you going?" He asked, his eyes ablaze with curiosity. 
"Somewhere." Raziel remarked coldly. 
"Oh...did I make him mad?" Billy asked innocently. 
"Yes.  You're rather annoying...and you're stalling us." Raziel replied. 
"I'm sorry...I didn't mean to..." He began to sniffle and tear up.  
"Look see? You made the poor kid cry...” Ben said as he socked Raziel in the arm, “Hey kid, it's going to be alright..." Ben said in a comforting tone. 
Personally, I was with Raziel on this one. Something about this child felt...off to me.  It seemed like Ben was the only one who couldn't see it. 
Raziel rolled his eyes and motioned for us to continue walking, "Let's not waste time.  We need to..."
Suddenly the ground began to rumble, like there was an Earthquake, except that the city was floating on a large mass of land...
We looked to the left, where we saw a Giant like the one that attacked Riverglade climb up onto the land.  People in the city began to panic, fleeing in a general direction away from the Giants.  As soon as the first had appeared, another Giant appeared from the rear of the city, and then another, and finally a fourth, trapping everyone inside.  Giants now surrounded all four sides of the city.  We and the people of Sky City were now like rats in a cage. 
"Get to the exit of the city...NOW!" Raziel shouted. 
We ran as fast as we could toward the rear of the city, but doing that meant that we got closer and closer toward the largest Giant...and he was pretty big and scary. 
The Giants all began to fling flaming meteors into the city, bombarding it and obliterating the majority of the population and the buildings.  Bodies flew everywhere, blown in several different directions by the force of the blast.  However, the blasts seemed to be clear of us...as if they were trying to avoid hitting us.
I looked forward at Ben.  He was giving Billy a piggy back ride to make it easier to carry him, but his clothes and his skin began to give off smoke and a red aurora.  He was beginning to transform.
Raziel looked back at him, "NO BEN! UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES, DO NOT USE YOUR ABILITIES!!!" He said as he protected us from an explosion using his own Nephilim armor as shield. 
Slowly the smoke and red aurora around Ben began to fade, and he continued running, with me and Billy in tow.  We were almost to the path that led outside of the city, but the constant explosions and flying debris made this terrible moment last for what seemed like forever.
Suddenly, my satchel had caught on a three foot long piece of shrapnel from the wreckage of a fallen building, tearing the cloth and sending my beloved violin Ole Betsy flying in the air, and then I helplessly watched as it got smashed to pieces against a large chunk of incoming debris from a falling building. 
I froze for a second, but Ben grabbed my arm and forced me to continue running.  My body moved on its own, but my mind felt numb.  I've had that violin since forever, when Kira gave it to me...that was my only memento from her...something I could remember her by...
I began to tear up, but then I wiped it away with my sleeve.  There would be time to grieve for Ole' Betsy later...right now, we needed to escape.
We arrived at the end of the city, near the exit, but the largest of the Giants stood in our way.  We stopped about twenty feet from its muscled legs. 
Raziel stepped out in front of us, "I'm going to distract it...or take it down if I can.  When I give you the chance, you need to go in between its legs, and GET OUT OF HERE.  Once you reach the shore, head toward the pool...if Ariana was correct, it shouldn't be too far..." 
Before Ben or I could protest, Raziel fully formed his Nephilim Shell and formed a sword and a shield to go with it.  He charged the Giant, and tackled its legs with a loud BOOM, and the Giant fell on one knee.  The Giant placed his hand on the ground for balance, but Raziel quickly maneuvered and pinned the hand to the ground with his ethereal sword. 
He broke the Giant's wrist with a mighty stomp from his foot, and then pointed toward the exit, "HE'S DOWN! GO NOW!!!"
We darted between the Giant's legs and down the path, towards the mountains.  Ahead of us lay a partially broken up path. 
Ben slowed down, "Hey Billy...I need you to run from here on out, okay buddy?" 
Billy slid off Ben's back and began to run with us.  When I looked back over my shoulder, the elevated path that we were running on began to crack up and break behind us, chunks of the path slowly falling into the water below, but then it began to speed up as more and more debris fell into the churning lake. 
I looked over at Ben as shouted at him, nearly tripping over a rock in the process, "BEN!!! THE PATH IS COLLAPSING!!! RUN FASTER!!!"
Ben, Billy and I began to bolt even faster than before, literally sprinting across the collapsing path.  We ran ever closer to the end of the path.
Thirty feet...twenty feet... I thought hopefully.  The sooner we escaped, the sooner we could...
It was too late for me.  The falling path had caught up with me, and the next step I took was on empty air.
I fell for what seemed like forever, back first into the waters.  Then my body collided with the surface, and soon I began to sink into the depths with all the debris.
My life began to flash before my eyes.  I remembered when I first met Zachariel, when I got my violin from Kira, and when I met my best friend that I loved more than anything in the world, Benjamin Blake...
If this was the end for me, then I was going to die happy.  I was going to die with the thought of the good life that I had...with the love I shared with Ben...
I closed my eyes and prepared for the end.  I imagined Ben's smiling face and gray eyes staring at me one last time.  I only had one regret...I wish that Ben could have wrapped his arms around me, and I could have kissed him...
Suddenly, I felt a something -an arm- wrap around my waist.  I opened my eyes, and my vision was blurry, but I could see the silhouette of the figure that grabbed me.  I felt myself going upward, and soon we broke the surface of the water, and we both gasped for air, coughing to get the cold water out of our lungs. 
I looked over at my rescuer. He had soaking wet black hair, and he wore a look of worry, and he face looked stressed and strained, but his beautiful gray eyes still shined.  It was Ben...Ben had saved my life. 
He held me in one arm, and attempted to paddle to shore with the other.  My arm felt super limp, but I tried to help him by paddling as well.  The constantly moving water made it hard to tell, but I saw that we were about ten feet from the shore, so we paddled even harder than before. 
When we reached the depth where we could touch our feet, a Giant wave came from behind, sending both of us flying onto the shore.  Ben landed alright, but I landed on my leg, and the force of me landing caused me to jam my leg and shriek in pain.
"AAHHHHH!!!!!  OWWWW!!!!  OW..." I gripped my ankle, trying to keep myself from blacking out.  
Ben scrambled over to me, "Ariana??? What happened???" He saw me clutching my ankle in pain and moved over to it, "Let me see it Ariana...I need to know if it's broken or not..."
I moved my hand and let him look at it, "Is it broken...?" I asked, breathing heavily. 
Ben felt my ankle and shook his head, "No...It might be fractured, but other than that it looks fine..." He got on one knee and moved my arm over his shoulder, and then we stood to our feet.  I kept one foot in the air, and we limped over to a tree that was about thirty feet up the path.  We both sat down against the trunk, exhausted.  We were both freezing cold, and I was pretty sure that I was in shock from fracturing my leg. 
I looked over at where the Sky City was supposed to be, but it wasn't there.  Just a large, empty space.  That must mean...
I tapped Ben on the shoulder, "Ben..."
Ben turned to me, breathing slowly but heavily, "What is it?"
I pointed toward where the city was, and Ben's eyes widened, and he began to quiver uncontrollably, "Oh god no...the city...all those people..."
"Ben..."
"Are gone, and it's all because of me...and Raziel is gone too." Ben said silently. 
"Ben, it's not your fault..." I said, trying to console him.  I put my hands on his shoulders and rubbed them in order to comfort him. 
Ben shoved himself away and buried his face in his arms, which rested on his knees, "Yeah, it is.  If I hadn't come here...or to Riverglade in the first place, none of this would have happened.  You...you could have lived a normal, happy life without all this...and maybe those people wouldn't be dead..."
I put my hand on his cheek, and turned his head toward me, "Ben...look, none of this is your fault...I don't regret meeting you at all."
"But..."
"No 'buts', Ben.  I believe that it was fate that brought us together.  We survived for this long, didn't we?” I said as I held back from crying, “You and I are going to make this worth it, Ben.  We are going to get to that pool...and I'm going to get my Ben back.  I promise you." I said, gazing into his troubled, gray eyes to calm him down. 
Ben's eyes began to tear up, "I'm sorry, Ari...I'm so sorry..." He hugged me and we sat there, embracing each other for what seemed like forever.  Eventually, as night fell, Ben began to feel tired, and he rested his head on my shoulder.  I ran my fingers through his hair, and it seemed to be calming him, like it usually did. 
My leg still stung, but I bore the pain.  I needed to.  After all, we were getting close to the pool.  The three of us...
Suddenly a thought came to my head, Wait...where's Billy?
I tapped Ben on the shoulder, "Ben...where's Billy?"
Ben shifted around, and then said, "I told him to run, then I dived after you...but now I don't know where he is.  Maybe he escaped to the next village or something..."
"Alright...get some rest Ben...tomorrow we're gonna make it to the pool."
Ben shook his head in acknowledgment, and then he slowly nodded off to sleep.  I adjusted myself to where I could lay down and rest my head on a pile of leaves, and I moved Ben to where his head was laying on my upper chest, right under my chin.  Even though he was asleep, he instinctively wrapped his arms around me.  I slowly formed a smile when I realized that we were cuddling again.  In the grand scheme of things, it may not have meant much…but right now it was the greatest comfort in the world. 
I laid back and enjoyed it.  It made me forget the pain in my leg, the pain of losing Kira, and the fear of what happened to Dad...it eased them all, and despite the desperation of the moment, it felt perfect.  It was just me and Ben.
My mind instantly flashed back to when I held Ben in my arms, after I had calmed his nightmares with my singing.  I tried to tell him something, but he woke up...
Ben was fast asleep now, his head nuzzled against my neck, like two birds in a nest, huddled close for warmth.  I could tell him what I meant to tell him all that time ago...
I kissed him on the head and said, "I love you Benjamin Blake...and no matter what happens tomorrow, just know that I will always love you..." After I whispered those words to him, I rested my head against the pile of leaves, and went to sleep. 
Chapter 21
Aka Manah
When I woke up, I was laying my head on Ariana, with my feet spread out toward the tree.  Under normal circumstances, Zachariel would probably have obliterated me, but right now, it was comfortable and warm, so I didn't care.  I was practically in heaven.
I got up from laying on Ariana and looked around.  We were on a mountain path, next to a tree that was close to the exiting path that led to the former Sky City.
I walked over to what was now a cliff, and looked at the wreckage of the fallen city.  The spire that was in the center suck out of the water at a crooked angle, and several other tall pieces of  building and rock protruded from the surface of the water, and several other small other objects floated in the water...
Bodies.
I literally almost threw up.  That much death was caused when the Giants attacked the city...and despite what Ariana said, it was my fault...they were after me, and because of that, all of these people and Raziel were gone. 
Raziel sacrificed himself to save us...maybe I misjudged him.  I thought to myself. 
A random breeze blew past me, and the sun began to rise from the east.  It was then that I made a promise to all of these people, and Raziel, wherever he was, "I won't let your deaths be in vain...I'll make things right somehow!!!" I shouted, the wind carrying my voice across the waters, "I promise you..."
And I promise I'll make sure Ariana is safe, and with her father...I finished in my head, I'll make things the way they were...
I turned around and walked back toward the tree, where Ariana was sleeping.  I shook her shoulder and told her to wake up. 
She blinked her eyes multiple times, "Morning Ben..." She tried to get up, but winced in pain after putting pressure on her ankle. 
"Are you okay...?" I asked worriedly. 
She put on a half-hearted grin, "I'm fine...but hey, you're actually up before me..." She said, lightly chuckling.
I smiled at her and helped her up.  We both walked (well, Ariana limped because of her ankle) onward, up the trail.  
"How close do you think we are, Ariana?" I asked her.  From what Raziel told me yesterday, I had less than a day left.  We needed to get there as soon as possible.  
"From here, based on what Kira told me...maybe less than half a mile.  Not too terribly far..." She replied with an optimistic grin on her face.  
I nodded, "Good...we're almost there, Ari...we're gonna make it..." I told her with a reassuring smile.  
She smiled back, "Then what are we waiting for? Let's get going..."
We both looked ahead, and saw Billy blocking the path.  
"Where are you guys going?" He asked.  
"Oh...hey Billy..." I said, "We're going up the mountain...you know, just taking a little walk." 
Billy tilted his head in curiosity, "My family is that way...can I go with you?" 
I nodded my head, "Yeah...but no piggy back rides though.  I'm carrying Ariana right now."
Billy shrugged, "That's fine..." He ran up beside me.  
Ariana gave me a warning look, "Ben...he says he's from Kira's village...but I know everyone in that village, and nobody is named..."
"DEMONS!!!" Billy suddenly shouted in fear, pointing toward the sky.  
I looked up.  Sure enough, a horde of demons was flying at us, all lead by a familiar she-demon...
"Alexis..." I hissed angrily, then I put Ariana behind me protectively, "Stay behind me, Ari...I'm going to put an end to her once and for all..."
"No Ben! Don't..." 
"Yeah Ben! You're awesome! Keep using your powers to protect us!!!" Billy shouted, "You're like a super hero!" 
A superhero, huh? I thought to myself. 
I summoned my full Nephilim armor to protect Ariana and Billy, and readied myself for combat.  I was going to prove that I can be a hero...and keep my promise to all those people...
...

Ben had summoned his Nephilim armor, the exact opposite of what I told him to do...and what Raziel told him.
I looked at Billy.  He was smiling evilly, as if he had lured Ben into some sort of trap.
Instantly, Billy began to change form.  A black cloud swirled around him, and he changed from a small, five or six year old kid, into a tall, slender, robed figure with a hood and a pair of demonic wings affixed to his back.  His face looked human, only it was pale gray and he had an evil grin that stretched across his jaw line.  
"I think that's quite enough Ben..." He raised his arm, and Ben was instantly forced down to the ground, on his hands and knees.  "ARRGHH!!! WHAT'S HAPPENING...Where's Billy...?"
"Actually, that's not entirely correct.  My name is..." 
"Aka Manah..." I finished for him.  This must be the demon that Raziel spoke about.
The demons all landed on the ground, hissing and cursing, but they remained in their spots, chanting in anticipation of the confrontation that had taken place. 
Aka Manah clapped sarcastically, "Well done, girl!  Very perceptive of you..." He teased in a hissing, evil voice. 
"WHAT DO YOU WANT???" Ben demanded, but soon his face was forced to the ground by another invisible force, "How...how..."
"It's simple Ben.  I sent one of my lieutenants, (known to you as the "she-demons") to corrupt your power.  Therefore, since it flows through your body, and it has taken enough rooting, I can control your every move.  You are nothing but a puppet to me now, Ben." He flexed his hand, and suddenly Ben's body followed suit and began convulsing in a haphazard manner, and he began to scream as if he were being tortured, "And as for what I want..." 
"STOP!!!  BEN IS NOT YOUR PUPPET!!!" I shouted at him, attempting to get him to stop torturing Ben.
Aka Manah slowly began to walk towards me, and I reached behind to inch myself away, but then I felt behind me, and realized I still had Omega strapped to my belt...
Aka Manah leaned in towards me and smirked evilly, "Well he is now." He taunted.  After that, he stood up and raised his arms, shouting; “Now the REAL fun can begin..." He turned to the incapacitated Ben and said, "Ben, be a good boy and transform into your full Colossus form, will you?  You've got a job to do."
Ben grunted in agony, trying to resist, but the armor began to build itself up, forming layer upon layer, creating a horrifying creature that cast a giant shadow against the mountains.  Ben looked at me though the cracks in the armor with his gray eyes one last time, until they too transformed into their evil, scarlet red color, with an upside down pentagram filling them.  The armor finished forming, and Ben had transformed into a mountainous, hundred foot tall demonic figure, with gigantic, powerful wings protruding from his back.  His face looked like a dragon's, elongated and with an evil grin like Aka Manah's on its face.  Smoke steamed from the cracks in the armor, and the colossus gave a loud, sky-tearing roar that nearly deafened me. 
No...This was the transformation that Kira told me about...I thought as I began to feel a growing sense of dread. 
"Come back when you're done destroying as much as you can. Have fun Ben...ta ta!" Aka Manah bellowed to Ben.  The now-transformed Ben began to lumber across the path and wreck everything that it could get its hands on. 
Kira's words fluttered into my head, The Creator gave me a chance to warn you, he said that at a certain time, there will be an evil one among you.  A deceiver...
The deceiver was Aka Manah in the form of Billy...but still...
Kira's voice continued to echo in my head, you will have to kill him.  You will have to use Omega...
But the thing is, I said to Kira in my head, I can't kill Ben...even if he is lost...
I glanced over at the leader of the demons, who was now laughing triumphantly.
But maybe if I kill Aka Manah with Omega...maybe Ben will be freed from his control...I thought. 
Yeah!  Go for it, Ari! The voice in my head cried.
I looked at the towering demon giant, and imagined myself speaking to Ben, "Don't worry Ben...I'll stop this..." I whispered. 
Aka Manah heard my whispering and gave me a curious look, "Stop what?  You can't do anything about it..."
I tightly gripped the handle of the knife and leapt at Aka Manah.  However, Alexis the she-demon had grabbed me, her talons wrapped around my waist and my legs, and suddenly I was being flown away from everybody...and from Ben.
"NOOO!!!! NO GO BACK!!!" I wailed desperately, "GO BACK GO BACK!!!"  
Alexis laughed manically and scratched my arm with her claws, dragging is slowly across my skin so that I would feel it. 
I shrieked in pain.  It was horrible.
"SHUT UP GIRL!!!" Alexis hissed as she bludgeoned my head with her club.  My body instantly went limp as she began flying me toward what looked like a large floating, black fortress.
I ended up blacking out, my voice trailing off as I called for Ben...
I’m sorry, Ben...I whispered one last time before I gave in to the dark.
...

I awoke from my battle with the giants.  I was about ten feet or so beneath the surface of the water, looking upward at the sun as it made the moving waters shimmer. 
In all honesty, it was beautiful.  I could sit here all day and ponder it, but as far as I could tell, I was still alive.  I needed to find Ariana and Ben and help them...
I tried to move, but I felt extremely weak, and couldn't.  Maybe I was exhausted after vanquishing the giants...or maybe because I failed to protect them fully. 
It reminded me of the village I had been to, where the angel was fighting off the demons by herself.  If I recall correctly, I helped her fight them, but one had managed to land a fatal blow.  Since there was nothing could do to save her, she made me promise her something.  I still remember the words she spoke to me as she laid against the tree, as the life left her body…
…
“What is your name, angel?” I asked as I got on one knee and sat next to her. 
“My name is Kira…thank you for helping me.” she answered as she groaned in pain.  
I looked down to avoid her ghostly gaze, “I am sorry I can’t save you…”
Kira shook her head, “That does not matter anymore.  Please…there are two children north of here…can you find them and protect them?” 
“Who are they?” I had asked. 
“Their names are Ariana and Ben.  They are both very precious to me…if you could please protect them…” She held out her hand, “Promise me…”
I had hesitated, but then I promised to protect them.  Even though I had my own plans for Ben, something deep inside my heart coerced me to agree to protect them.
Kira looked to the side, “There are angels coming, stranger.  You should go…”
I got up, sheathed my sword, and looked at her one last time before dissipating into smoke.
…
I had failed to protect them.  If I had simply told the child to go away…then I would not have failed. 
Yes...that was it...I knew that child.  "Billy" I think he was called...had something to do with the giants.  Maybe he was like a beacon of some sort...either way, I should have slaughtered him when I had the chance...and because I failed, and I didn't deserve to live any longer.  So I might as well just drown.  It was time for me to put an end to my miserable existence.
Raziel... a voice said. 
I looked up at the voice that had pulled me out of my self-damning thoughts.  Above the surface of the water stood a glowing being, looking down at me through the surface.  The shimmering water made it hard to discern any details, but I could see that it was standing on the water.  
Who are you...?  I tried to say, but nothing came out, only a few bubbles of air.  
The figure reached through the surface of the water, his glowing hand reaching for mine, offering help. 
Raziel...take my hand...I’m not finished with you yet…the figure said in a deep, soothing voice. 
I reached out and grabbed it, and the figure pulled me from out of the water.  But when I broke the surface, there were two figures there, not one...the angel named Zachariel, and my friend from before the rebellion, Gabriel.
"Raziel!!!" Gabriel exclaimed, “My old friend, you're alive!!!" He grasped my right shoulder, causing me to slightly wince in pain.  
I looked at myself.  My robe was in tatters, and the armor beneath it was cracked and broken in multiple places, I even noticed that a few chunks of my shoulder plate were floating in the water.  
This damage must have been caused from the battle, I thought. 
"Yes..." I said slowly, "It would appear that I am..." 
""Well..." Gabriel began, "Lucky we found you and pulled you out in time...you could have drowned."
Wait...how long had I been underwater? I remember my battle with the Wicked Giants very clearly, but it lasted no more than ten minutes before I fell unconscious.  If I had been underwater for hours, then I should have drowned.  Also, there is that figure... 
"Wait...there was only one figure here, not two.  He pulled me out..." I asserted.
"Raziel...we pulled you out." Zachariel explained. 
I shook my head in confusion.  Unless I was hallucinating, I could have sworn...
Another angel suddenly approached.  His armor, blonde hair and glimmering azure wings made it impossible not to recognize him...he was Michael, the Archangel. 
"Raziel...where is Ben? The Soraphim?"  Michael asked in a firm voice. 
I rubbed my head in confusion, attempting to search my brain for the information, "I...I don't..."
Then the realization began to hit me.  I had pinned down the giant near the exit, and told Ben, Ariana, and Billy to go through gap, between the beast's legs.  After that, I was too focused on the fight to see where the trio had gone exactly...but luckily, I knew which general direction they went. 
I gestured toward the North, where the path that led out of the former city resided, "They went that direction.  With them, they had a small child."
"A child?" Zachariel inquired, "why do they have...and how did you find them?!"
"I have my methods, angel.  And as for the child, it recognized Ben and wanted to follow him, only I'm sure it is not a child..." I uttered solemnly, "I'm sure it was something else."
Michael stepped onto one of the large masses of debris that stuck out of the water, "Something else...?"  
"Yes." I answered as I turned toward the mountain range, "It is not a normal child.  It felt demonic in nature...it kept clinging to Ben, as if it wanted something from him."
"What did it want?" Zachariel asked. 
"The demons wanted to push Ben to his breaking point, to cause him to lose control.  When the first attempt failed, they resorted to attacking the city, killing all of these people in the process.  I have no idea what they are planning now...but we have to assume that they are still after Ben. " 
Zachariel walked down the rock to the water's edge, looking at all the dead bodies that were strewn across the surface.  A wooden chunk floated toward Zachariel, and he fished it out of the water. As he held it up, I realized that it was a shattered piece of the girl's violin. 
Zachariel dipped his head, and then gazed upward at the sky, "We failed, Michael.  All these people are gone...the saved may have rested, but what of the lost..?" 
Michael's face looked grim, "There is only one explanation...the lost may not have made it."
"Does that mean that exodus is too late..?" Gabriel asked. 
Michael shook his head, "No...If the Creator wished to resurrect them when the time comes, then he will.  Also, there are still many villages left up north.  We still have a chance to save them.  We need to attack the fortress."
He turned back to me, "Was Ben responsible..?" Zachariel asked tentatively. 
I remained silent.  It couldn't really have been his fault...he didn't choose to be a Soraphim like me, and have his power constantly sought after.  Besides, it was the giants that laid waste to the city, not Ben. 
"Did he do this, Raziel?" He asked for a second time. 
I shook my head, "No.  It was a foursome of Wicked Giants that wiped out the city.  I managed to subdue two of them, but soon there was enough force put on the landmass that sent it falling into the lake...killing all of these people." I sighed and gave him and honest look, "A demon in disguise attempted to illicit an emotional response from Ben, but he managed to resist, and that is when the giants assaulted the Sky City.  Like I said earlier, it seems they are following him...pressuring him...trying to break him."
"Following him?" Gabriel asked, "You mean..."
Before Gabriel could finish asking, a loud noise erupted from the mountains.  It was a loud, deafening roar that shook the waters, making the ruins of the fallen city shift around.
The three angels and I quickly snapped our heads in the direction of the roar, and we witnessed a colossal demonic figure rise from the path, somewhere in the mountains.  He stood there for a moment, gazing downward, but then began to tear apart a nearby tree line.  I heard the ongoing screams of people slowly rise, creating an eerie tempo of fear that echoed off the mountains. 
Zachariel looked upward, toward the source of the noise.  His eyes widened as he dropped “Oh no...that must be..." 
Ben...I finished his words in my head. Whatever plan the demons had concocted after the attack on the sky city must have worked.
I looked once more at the colossus that was wreaking havoc upon the nearby villages.  It towered above the mountains, and despite the distance, I could see an evil grin planted on the titan's face, a grin that matched...
No...it couldn't be...
"Holy crap..." I muttered out loud.  I had a good idea of who was behind this…and we needed to act fast.  
I turned around, "Listen, angels. I know who..." They all were glaring at me, arms crossed.  
"We would prefer if you didn't use such suggestive language around us, especially with the word "holy" mixed in, Raziel." Michael said. 
Under normal circumstances, I would have made another snide remark.  But considering that this was the top Archangel, there really wasn't room to argue. 
I threw my hands up in surrender, "Alright, alright...I take that back." I said, rolling my eyes.  Then I turned toward the colossus, "We need to stop Ben.  He will literally tear up every single village until nobody is left."
Zachariel stopped glaring at me and nodded, "Agreed...do you have a plan?" He asked me. 
I had an idea perhaps...but a full, thought out plan? No.  But if this form was an upgraded version of Ben's armor, then it would essentially have to work the same way.  That meant that I could pull Ben out of it, like in the forest.  The only problem was buying enough time to do so.
"Yes..."I told Zachariel, "But we need to get there quickly, if we are to stop Ben from massacring the rest of the villages."
The angels nodded, getting the general idea.  Michael and Gabriel flew off towards the mountains and the colossus, but Zachariel stayed behind with me.
"Need a ride?" He asked, arching his eyebrow. 
I sighed in annoyance.  As much as I hated this angel, I couldn't form my armor at the moment and I probably couldn't swim fast enough...
I sighed in exasperation, raised my arms, and he grabbed them and soon we were off, ready to face the demonic Ben.
... 

Raziel didn't seem at all pleased that I had to carry him.  The whole time that we were flying over to the mountains, he had a look of pure, absolute annoyance affixed to his face.  
"Having fun, Raziel?" I asked tauntingly. 
Raziel rolled his eyes, "Shut up and fly angel.  The sooner we get there, the better."
After about two minutes of flying, we arrived at a mountain that was next to the towering demon colossus.  Michael was flying around the beast, attempting to distract it and discern a weak point, and Gabriel was slashing his sword against the smoky armor of the beast, either trying to distract it like Michael or simply annoy it. 
I scanned the ground, looking for any other sign of life, but there was none.  Ariana was nowhere to be found either...maybe she...
I stopped myself mid-thought.  I can't allow myself to think like that...Ariana was still alive.  She had to be.
As he flew past the peak, I dropped Raziel on the mountain and landed, drifting a couple of feet before I slid to a grinding halt.  Raziel materialized next to me, and soon we both had our swords out and ready.  
The Demon Colossus looked down at me.  The evil grin on its face began to morph into a crooked frown of some sort.  
Well...maybe Ben recognized me, I thought, Maybe he'll remember what I did for him and Ariana...
A downward punch from the beast blew me and my hopeful little theory off the mountain, and onto one of the lower peaks.  
Well...upside: Ben recognized me, downside: Whatever he was thinking, it apparently wasn't all the oh-so-happy memories we shared.
I recovered myself and began to analyze him.  He was roughly about seventy meters in height, and tall enough to cast a shadow on the mountain that Raziel and I had been standing on.  
I looked upward at the sky: Michael and Gabriel were still orbiting around Ben at the speed of sound, looking for any chink in its armor. 
I looked over at Raziel.  He too was analyzing the towering demon.  After all, he said he had a 'plan' earlier.
Raziel leapt over to me, and began telling me his idea, "Alright Zachariel, listen!  Normally, I would tear into the armor and grab Ben, but he had become progressively more resilient and stronger, which makes it impossible unless we can weaken him somehow…"
I glanced over at him, "What did you have in mind, Raziel?" 
Raziel gestured to Michael, who continued to distract the beast.  "He is the top Archangel...considering that, he should be the strongest among you.  We can use that to our advantage." 
"How so?" I inquired as I avoided a random chunk of debris. 
"Momentum." Raziel explained, "That beast has a giant pair of wings...let's put them to use, and get him to fly into the atmosphere, where..."
Raziel was interrupted by the foot of the colossus, which had attempted to stomp on him until he leapt out of the way.  
I too had to avoid the foot of the giant.  I spread my wings and took to the air, flying about thirty feet or so above the giant.  Raziel never got to finish explaining his plan, but I had heard enough to understand it.  First off, we needed Ben to fly high enough into the atmosphere, and to do that, we needed to make him angry.  
I soared above Ben, veering to the left to avoid his attempt to swat me out of the air.  Then I flew in next to Gabriel, "GABRIEL!" I shouted at the top of my lungs to be louder than the roaring titan below me, "I NEED YOU TO MAKE BEN ANGRY!!!!"
Gabriel shook his head and glanced at me warily, as if I had gone insane, "Why would we want to make him angry? Isn't that the exactly opposite of what we're trying to do???" 
"Just trust me, Gabriel...we need him to be angry enough to use his wings and follow us." I told him. 
Gabriel gave me one final questioning look, before he descended below and began to hurl insults at the demonic Ben, “Hey Demon! You uhhh...I have a sword with your name on it!  Come get some!" 
"RAAARGGHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!" The beast replied angrily, flapping its wings, which sent multiple rows of trees and poor Raziel flying into the side of a nearby cliff. 
Yes...that's right Ben...use your wings...come on...
I turned to Michael, "Michael! I need you to fly up there and be ready!!!" 
Michael nodded and soared into the sky, his blue wings a mere flash of light as he entered the atmosphere. 
Then I turned to Raziel, who had recovered from being thrown into the side of the cliff.  He tore off the rest of his shredded cloak and pulled out his sword.  He glanced at me from afar; the look in his eyes could only mean one thing: I'm ready.
I nodded in acknowledgment and shouted orders at Gabriel, who was constantly zipping around just to avoid getting hit by the giant, "Alright Gabriel! Now lead him skyward, towards Michael!!!" 
Gabriel hurriedly complied and launched himself into the sky, towards Michael.  If all went according to plan, the giant would follow them.
To my relief, the colossus stretched his wings, crouched down, and then sprung into the air, tearing the ground where it had just stood into millions of shards of debris.  With each beat, the wings produced a sound wave that would have had normal human eardrums going deaf, just to avoid the deafening noise. 
As the Demon Colossus progressed further into the sky, it stretched its hand, reaching for Gabriel.  However, Michael had zoomed down from the atmosphere, hurling down at the titan like a flaming meteor, and pounded the beast in the chest, sending a resounding shock wave that echoed throughout the entire realm of New Eden.  Then it fell back to the ground, landing on its back with a resounding crash that cracked any and all mountains nearby.  After the dust cleared, the beast lay on the ground, groaning painfully with its hand outstretched.  
I shouted in victory and motioned for Raziel to move in.  Michael's blow had weakened the armor and the beast, and now it was up to Raziel to remove Ben from the titan's husk. 
Raziel leapt onto the beast's chest, and dug his sword into the crack that the Archangel's strike had inflicted. 
Soon after, Raziel had managed to crack open the armor, but as soon as he did, a blast of hellfire from inside sent him sprawling backward.  Out of the dissipating armor came Ben, with blood red eyes and a wildly wicked look on his face.  
"ARCHANGEL!!!" He shouted toward the sky in fury, “I'LL KILL YOU!!!  I'LL TEAR YOUR DAMN WINGS OFF!!! COME DOWN AND FIGHT ME!!!" He shouted as he raised his arms in a ferocious anger as his arms were ablaze with hellfire. 
Michael and I landed about twenty feet or so from where Ben was, while Gabriel tended to Raziel.  
I lowered my sword and stepped forward, trying to reason with him, "Listen Ben...we can stop this.  We..."
He charged at me with surprising speed and attempted to swing at me, "SHUT UP!!!" He bellowed. 
I ducked to avoid his punch and socked him in the gut, sending him flying back about ten feet, "BEN! STOP THIS RIGHT NOW!!!" I commanded him.  
Ben recovered from being thrown and glared at me, the upside down pentagram in his eyes blazing, "No..." He said, beginning to re-form his armor, "I'll never stop...not until everyone is..."
Just then, Raziel leapt behind him and knocked Ben unconscious with the butt of his sword.  Ben fell to the ground with a loud thud as Raziel motioned for us to come over.  
"Well..." Raziel said, rotating one of his shoulders, "He's out.  Let's get him to the Pool."
Michael looked at Raziel quizzically, "What pool?" He asked. 
"The Pool of Purity." I told him.  While they were at the village, Kira must have told them to make for the Pool of Purity.
I looked down at Ben, whose skin was now pale with several dark veins flowing all over him.  The area around his eyes was black, as if he were driven mad by the darkness.
I turned around and looked at all the damage that the battle had caused.  Thankfully, we stopped Ben just shy of a nearby village, but what if we hadn't? Multiple people would now be dead, and it would be because of him, and his lack of control.  In a way, I saw why The Creator allowed the Soraphim to be destroyed...he allowed them to die because they were too dangerous.
I walked over to the unconscious Ben and drew my sword, gripping it in an upside down fashion with both of my hands.  I took a deep breath as I prepared to strike him down. 
I'm sorry Ben...but this has to be done, for Ariana's sake and for the people of New Eden...I thought, As long as you live, they will always be in danger...
I lowered my sword to deal the killing blow, but Raziel had intercepted the blow and knocked the blade from my hand, and kicked me into a nearby uprooted tree.  
Michael and Gabriel immediately responded by drawing their own weapons and pointing it threateningly at Raziel. 
"Raziel!!! What's your problem???" Gabriel demanded. 
Raziel held his blade in a defensive manner, "If you want to kill Ben!!! You'll have to go through me!!!" He growled. 
Gabriel lowered his weapon and took a step towards him, "Raziel...as long as Ben lives, he endangers everyone here...Zachariel is right.  He needs to be stopped." He said, trying to reason with him.  
Raziel didn't move, "He has been stopped.  And since when did angels deal the death penalty to those that were not demons...?"
"Ben, as of now is no different..." I told him.  
Raziel scoffed, "You angels disappoint me.  Ben is no demon...he is a Soraphim, like me.  We are not stone cold killers.  Believe it or not, we too, are capable of love.  Whatever he may have done here, he is NOT responsible for it!  We all know about that she-demon corrupting him in the first place..."
Michael, Gabriel, and I stood there silent. 
Raziel continued his rant, "Ben is innocent...as innocent as the day Ariana found him!" He turned to me, "Ask yourself this, Zachariel...how dangerous was Ben before he was bitten?  How many people did he kill?"
"But the people that lost their lives in the villages..."
  Raziel interrupted me, "Those people that died in those villages that Ben went to...they were the fault of the demons and no one else.  So why kill him?  We have a chance to clear him off the darkness...and would your Creator also condemn the killing of an innocent?"
  "What of my daughter, Raziel?  She is either captured or dead because of him. She was innocent..." I snapped. 
"As innocent as she was, she loved him, Zachariel.  Despite everything that has happened.  He sacrificed the chance for revenge on one who had hurt him down on Earth, in exchange for a promise that he had made Ariana. Think about that, angel..." He finished with a final, defiant hiss.  
I stood there for a moment.  I remembered Ariana's face the way she described Ben to me, they way they danced at the music festival, and the time when Ariana told me that she had feelings for him...  
I hesitated.  Ariana saw the good in Ben.  Raziel has seen it, and he had been right...Ben was good.  He never meant to bring all this destruction.  He was simply a lost soul, looking for guidance and love.  
I began to walk over and I recovered my sword.  Raziel raised his to duel with me, but I sheathed mine and picked Ben up off the ground.  His body was constantly twitching, as if he were being possessed, which in his case, wasn't that far from the truth.  
I spread my wings, "We will bring Ben to the pool.  We will cleanse him of the darkness..." I looked at Raziel as he too sheathed his blade, "We will give Ben a chance.  It's what Ariana and The Creator would want." I said. 
Raziel's face slowly formed into one of relief, and Gabriel walked over to him, putting a hand on his shoulder, "You've made the right choice, angel.  I promise...Ben will come out of the water a good person, and together we will find your daughter." He said. 
I looked toward the sky.  The storm clouds had parted to reveal a ray of light that shone on a certain spot, which must have been the pool.  It didn't look very far away.
I prayed to The Creator as I took off into the air; please...please tell me I have made the right decision.
Chapter 22
The Purpose
When I partially awoke, Zachariel was carrying me.  I couldn't remember anything that happened after I lost consciousness...I only remember hearing Aka Manah's evil command and seeing Ariana's terrified face as the darkness took me.
The next minute, Zachariel and Raziel were lowering me into water.  The minute I sank below the surface, my body began to twist and convulse randomly, and my mind did the same.  
Ben!!! I heard Ariana's voice cry in my head.
Wait...what happened to Ariana?  Did they kill her as soon as I blacked out..? 
I focused my mind, and saw what I had done.  I saw the villagers fleeing in terror, I saw a blue winged angel hit me back down to Earth, and I saw Zachariel as he tried to kill me with his sword.
Wait...I did all that?  I caused all that destruction?  Hold on...it was my fault that the Sky City fell...and that all those people are dead...
A horrible realization began to form in my mind, what if Ariana is dead because of me...?
"She's not dead, Ben..." A voice said.
I looked around.  I was no longer in the water; now my surroundings were shifting, and I was standing on...nothingness. 
Well, not exactly nothingness...it was definitely solid ground, but everything was white...and the ground seemed moist, like I was standing on an infinite puddle of water that was only a quarter of an inch deep.  As my vision focused, I saw clouds and a tree that stood in the middle of the...well, wherever I was. 
As I gaped at my surroundings in confusion, a voice echoed from everywhere, causing every single hair on my body to stand on end.  It was a small, yet powerful voice, yet it had no distinction...it felt like every single voice in the universe rolled into one. 
"Hello, Ben." The voice said.  Whenever he spoke, it echoed off of every single molecule of my existence.  I felt slightly overwhelmed.
"Umm...hey there.  Who are you?" I asked. 
"I am." It answered. 
"No, for real...what is your name?" 
"I have many names.  You may call me ‘I am’." The voice told me. 
"Well alright then..." I said.  I had a feeling that if I kept asking, the voice would simply drag it out, so I changed the subject, "So...um...where exactly am I?  Am I in the final realm or something?" I asked. 
"Not exactly.  I brought you here so you can learn something important…" It replied. 
I walked over to the tree and sat down against its light gray trunk.  I didn't know why I did that, it just felt...natural.  
"So...what did you want to tell me? I asked out of curiosity. 
Immediately the clouds around the place shifted, and I found myself observing my initial death once again.  
"Wait...what is this?" I asked the voice. 
"Watch..." It told me. 
I continued to watch.  After I (my counterpart) fell on the ground, the person that had tried to help me began administering CPR, and it was then that I noticed a shadowy figure hovering over my corpse.  The person trying to save me didn't notice him. 
The figure knelt down next to me, "Finally...now we can use your abilities Soraphim...your soul should be dormant by now, which means that your body is..."
Suddenly, a large beam of light penetrated the darkness created by the pouring rain, and my (counterparts) body vanished in a blinding flash, taken by a fast, six-winged creature.
"Whoa!!! Ben? Where did you go..?" The person said, freaking out.  The police had shown up and starting questioning him, but he just started babbling on about the light and how it took my body.  
"Well then...time for plan B..." the figure said, then disappeared, dissipating into the shadows...
The scenery shifted around once more.  I was watching Ariana skip into the woods, humming a tune as a bird repeated it above her.
Wait...I thought, Ariana is missing, so why is she...?
It was then that I realized that this was when Ariana first found me, back in the forest...in reality, it's only been a few weeks, but our first meeting honestly felt like forever ago.
I watched as (my counterpart) met Ariana for the first time.  I felt a lump form in my throat as I looked at her, knowing that it was my fault that everything happened.  It's my fault that all of this happened...that Ariana was gone.
 Then the scenery around me changed once again, and I found myself watching as Aka Manah forced me to transform into a giant version of my Nephilim Shell.  My transformed counterpart began to destroy everything in its path, and I watched as Ariana was taken away by Alexis the she-demon.  The thought of Alexis even touching her made my blood boil...but at the very least, she was alive. 
"I need to rescue her!" I told the voice, "You have to let me go!!!" 
Suddenly everything around me began to spin, as if I were in the middle of a twister or something.  The clouds began to take shape, about ten feet or so in front of me, until it formed a middle age man, with white, combed back hair, and a white beard.  His eyes were a shimmering rainbow of colors, and they had an infinite depth that made my skin crawl.  On his back, he had a pair of white, bright wings. 
"You can relax Ben." The figure said, his voice now normal sounding.  
"Wait...you're The Creator, aren’t you?" I asked him. 
He nodded, "Yes and no.  I am him fully, yet I am different. "
"Um...what? How am I supposed to understand that?" I asked, scratching my head in confusion. 
"You aren’t." He replied as he sat down on rock, and suddenly another appeared a few feet from it.  He gestured to it, "Please sit.  We have a lot to talk about." 
But Ariana was still in the clutches of Aka Manah and Alexis the she-demon...and I needed to save her.  I didn't have time to "talk", even if it is God or whoever this was that wanted to speak to me. 
"I've halted time to talk to you." He said, as if he were reading my mind, "As I said earlier, there are things you need to know."
"Like what?" I asked as I slowly sat down on the rock.  
The scenery shifted and soon we found ourselves on a cliff, with a seaside view.  The place looked familiar...
Wait...I thought, this is where Ariana and I dived off of that tree...
The figure nodded his head, "Yes... it is.  Have you ever figured out why Ariana attempted that stunt in the first place?  Why she made you leap off of the branch?" 
I shook my head, "No...honestly, I thought she was psycho and possibly suicidal.  There's no way she would have even survived that fall in the first place...I mean, hitting water from that height is like hitting concrete." I told him. 
"Well, actually she survived due to other reasons...but she put you through that because she thought you had a connection to a friend of hers." He explained. 
"What friend?" I asked. 
"A bird.  Actually, a jackdaw to be more precise.  She had befriended that bird and seen him every day in the forest...until you arrived." 
So Ariana made friends with birds... I thought, Maybe I am in a Disney movie...
"Um...well that's...interesting.  But what does that have to do with anything exactly?" I asked, scratching my head in confusion. 
"Everything..." He answered as a black bird with gray eyes (the same one that I had seen in the forest) fluttered its way out of the branches of the nearby tree, and landed on the shoulder of the stranger. 
I pointed at it, "Hey...that's the..."
He nodded, "His name is Aromiel.  He is one of my most faithful creatures.  When Ariana was taken to Eden by Zachariel, I sent him to be a guardian for her.  He also brought you here, to New Eden." 
I looked at the bird.  It was barely the size of a normal human hand, so it was hard for me understand how a small bird like that could have even lifted me, much less carried me to a different realm.
The stranger whispered to the bird, and it flew away and vanished in a small flash of light.  
"Where did you send him?" I asked. 
"He is helping Ariana.  He is her guardian, after all..." The stranger answered with a smile, "She is going to need it, considering where she is now."
I threw up my hands and stood up, "Wait...where is Ariana?  What happened to her?"
The man grimaced, "Aka Manah has captured her.  In trying to attack him, she was taken by one of his she-demons, and now she currently resides in their fortress." 
"Fortress? I asked, "What is a fortress doing in New Eden? Zachariel said that demon influence was down to a minimum here..." 
"Yes he did.  However, he did say minimum...you see, even my angels tend to miss things occasionally.  Also, keep in mind Aka Manah was once one of my angels...so he knows their ways, and from that he is able to evade them and conduct his operations.  Aka Manah is also a master of deception, so much so that he even once fooled my top Archangel, Michael." 
That was true...Aka Manah was a freaking liar.  He had disguised himself as a kid named Billy, in order to force me to use my abilities more.  Eventually, he was able to control me completely.  I should have listened to Ariana and just left him alone...if I had done that, maybe she wouldn't be in their clutches.  
"Is Ariana still alive...?" I pondered out loud in a worried tone. 
The stranger dipped his head, "Yes...but she is not in good shape.  Her mental state is slowly declining, and she is grieving for you and everything she has lost in her heart.  Her soul is slowly breaking...and she is beginning to lose hope."
"Then I have to go now!" I told him, "I need to save Ariana..."
"Benjamin, you need to exercise patience..." He warned. 
"No! I need to go save her now!!!" I demanded, stamping my foot on the ground in defiance.  If Ariana was in trouble, then I needed to rescue her. 
The man stared at me with his infinite eyes, "Listen, Ben.  I know you care for her, but right now you have another duty to worry about...and that is receiving instruction and guidance."
I interrupted him, "NO, YOU LISTEN!!!  I did this, okay? It was my fault that Ariana is suffering in that demon fortress and that her life that she had is gone because of me...I messed it up, and now I need to make things right."
"Ariana will be saved in due time, Ben.  But you need to be patient...just remember, good things come to those who wait, and rushing anything will not do you or Ariana any good.  If you rush into battle without guidance, then you will surely lose, and Ariana will perish.  But I leave the choice up to you.  Will you be patient and listen? Or will you be headstrong and surely face defeat?"
I stared at him for what I figured to be about five minutes.  If this guy was right, and I went in without hearing what he had to tell me, then we would lose and Ariana would die...the way I saw it, it left me with one choice.
I sat back down on the rock, "Alright...what did you want to tell me?" I asked with a sigh. 
The man gazed at me, "This information is extremely important, Ben.  It’s about the contents of the demon fortress…” 
...
My leg and my heart were in pain.  After all, it was still fractured, and as far as I knew, Ben was either dead or still rampaging as the giant colossus...
I hugged my knees to my chest and rubbed my hands against each other to create heat.  It was cold here...the stone that I was sitting on felt like a block of ice, and what’s more, I felt like I was losing my soul.  Ben and I had come all that way for nothing...and to me, that was colder than any prison in the whole universe.
I rested my forehead on my arms.  I wanted to cry, but honestly, I couldn't.  In spite of all that happened, I just felt too numb to cry.  On the other hand, I wish I had some sort of comfort...my violin, my cozy room, or my Dad...
A lump formed in my throat when I thought about Dad.  How would Dad react if he found out that the demons had me...? Or if they decided to kill me?  It would break his heart...and I couldn't bear to put him through that.
Suddenly, I heard a small whistling noise.  I looked toward the source of the noise, and found a black bird with startling gray eyes resting on the windowsill near the corner of the cell.  
"Birdy!!!" I said, getting up and limping to the window.  I gave him an affectionate pat on the wings as I began to smile again.  
Birdy hopped down to the floor of the prison cell, and I picked him up with my hands and nuzzled him against my cheeks.  I suddenly felt really happy to have my old friend here...it was one comfort that I could enjoy in the midst of this really dark place.
Birdy stood in my hands, tilted his head at me and chirped, as if he were asking me what was wrong.  
I sat back against the wall and sighed, “Well...basically everything went wrong..." I told him, "The demons actually won...they turned Ben into some horrible monster."
Birdy chirped at me once more, as if he were saying, Go on...
"And I don't even know what happened to my Dad...I mean, now that I think back to it, if I had just listened to Dad then maybe none of this would have happened...so it's my fault that my village is gone..." I said as I dipped my head, letting my bangs cover my face. 
Birdy whistled again, this time a little louder than before. I raised my head and looked at him, seeing that his little gray eyes had the same, soft tone that Ben's did.  Upon seeing them, my memories flashed back to when Ben gave me that purple flower...
For you milady, he had said. 
The bird fluttered his wings and hopped on my shoulder, nuzzling his tiny head against my neck the way Ben did.  It immediately brought back even more memories and the emotion I felt when holding him.
Birdy emitted a tiny noise, still rubbing his head against me.  I gently grabbed him and held him in my hand in front of my face, smiling at him.  
I gave him a tiny kiss on his little forehead, "Thank you so much Birdy.  I'm not going to lose hope ever again...I promise."
Birdy uttered another chirp and I gently hugged him close to my chest.  Then I brought him back out and said, "Alright Birdy...I need to get out of here.  Do you have any ideas?" 
Birdy lightly hopped around on my hands, but then a shrill, hissing voice erupted from down the hall, "Who are you talking to, girl???" 
I immediately hid Birdy behind me, told him to be quiet, and began to act like I was crazy, pretending to talk to an invisible person.  
Alexis walked down the hall, her demonic wings fluttering behind her.  She walked up to the bars and glared at me with her burning red eyes, "Girl...who are you talking to?" 
Keeping up my little act, I "introduced" her to my invisible friend, "Hi Alexis! This is Bob!  Bob thinks you look really gorgeous today!  You two should totally go out!" I said, even drooling a little bit just to make it seem more realistic.
Alexis's glare softened and she looked at me with a slightly freaked-out expression, "Alright then...you have gone crazy.   Well anyway, you're coming with me...Aka Manah wants you to meet somebody before you die." She said, opening the door to the cell.  
I partially kept up the crazy act, but I felt behind me for Birdy, but to my surprise, he wasn't there. 
Alexis grabbed me by the arm and yanked me up from the ground.  She tied a set of ropes around my hand and led me out of the cell, into the main room of the demon fortress.  On a not-so-humble chair near the back of the room sat Aka Manah, with one of his legs propped up on the arm rest.  Beside the throne sat a cloaked figure, who had a set of blazing red eyes that glared through the darkness of the hood. 
Alexis forcefully sat me down in a chair that was about ten feet away from the throne.  I still continued to play dumb and looked everywhere in the room, as if I had a tad too much chocolate and was super loopy or something like that.  
Aka Manah stared at me with a bored look, "You can drop the act, Ariana."
I shook myself out of it and looked upward at him in shock, "What do you mean?" 
Aka Manah scoffed, "You know what I mean.  You've only been here about twelve hours, there's no possible way you could have already gone crazy..."
Behind me, Alexis shrunk behind my chair, probably feeling like an idiot for falling for my little "act".  
Aka Manah continued, "Anyway...as Alexis here may have told you, I have someone I want you to meet.  He arrived here a few minutes ago, actually..."
The hooded figure stepped forward and began to remove his hood. 
"Wait..." I began, "Who is this...?"
"Well isn't that the point of the "dramatic reveal"?  Also, I thought since you loved him so much, you would want to see him before you died..."
I felt my throat tighten as the figure fully threw back his hood.  To my horror, it was Ben...his eyes permanently had an upside down pentagram in them, and also they were a lot sharper then they were before...like he had eyeliner on or something.  His face was gray, like a demon’s would be, and had red markings draping down from his eyes all the way to his jaw, like streams of blood.  
I gaped in horror, but then began to calm down once I realized that it wasn't really Ben...I mean, he had the appearance and everything, but somehow I knew it wasn't him.
“I…I don’t think it’s him…” I said. At least, I hoped so…whoever this was, there wasn’t an ounce of good in him. 
“Hmm…very perceptive.  This is the shadow of his darker self…and the best part about it was that he is in my control and has nothing but hate!  How wonderful is that?”
A shadow?  If this was a ‘shadow’, then what happened to...?
Aka Manah never gave me a chance to finish my thoughts.  He pointed at his she-demon lieutenant and said, "Take her back to the cell.  Once she's there, she's all yours, Alexis..."
Alexis tried to yank me out of the chair (knocking both me and it over in the process), but I got up and ran back into the hallway, away from Alexis.  
I heard her call my name, "Get back here girl!!! I'm not finished with you!!!" 
I ran as fast as I could, but it was hard considering that I still had a fractured leg.  I stopped at my cell and looked around for Birdy, but still couldn't find him.  I turned around and kept running, but found myself out on a deck of the fortress.  The deck had no railings, and when I peered over, I saw nothing but the promise of a long, scary drop to my death.  
I sighed in annoyance.  How come Alexis got the deus ex machina and I didn't?  That just didn’t sit right with me.
As if right on cue, Alexis lumbered her way onto the deck, her claws out and sharp.  "I've got you cornered, girl..." She remarked with a twisted smile.  
I gestured to the empty air, "But it's just a bunch of air, not a corner..." I remarked with a nervous half-grin. 
 Alexis ignored my snide remark and leapt at me, pinning me to the ground.  She brought her face close to mine, which honestly made me extremely uncomfortable.  
She retracted the claws on one hand and ran her fingers through my hair, "Such a pretty girl..." She remarked. 
"Um...thanks." I replied, trying to get out from under her.  
"But now, I get to finish what I started in Riverglade...I get to kill you..."
A lump formed in my throat when she said that.  It had just now hit me that I was about to die.  Honestly, if she kept creeping me out like this, then I would eventually kill myself just to make it stop. 
Just then, I felt something wrapped in leather slip into my hand.  I peeked under Alexis to see that it was Birdy, who had retrieved Omega and fluttered his wings, now squawking to get the she-demon's attention. 
Alexis looked behind her for the source of the noise, "What was that...?"
I suddenly raised my arm and jammed the blade into her back, causing Alexis to shriek and shout in pain.  
"Surprise!!! I shouted tauntingly as Birdy took his place at my side. 
I pushed Alexis off of me and raised Omega to strike again.  Then I jammed it into her chest, and she gave one final agonizing yell of defeat and dissipated into dust, with some of it making its way to my face and causing me to sneeze as some sort of “final revenge” or something like that. 
When the dust cleared, I put Omega in my pocket (yeah I know, not the best way to store a fixed blade) and looked at Birdy, "Alright Birdy!  She's gone and there's only a matter of time before the other demons or Aka Manah figure it out...so we gotta find a way out of here so I can tell Dad what happened! "
Birdy leaped backwards and began to transform.  His wings, head, body, and tail grew until he was literally three times larger than I was.  Once he was done growing, he sprouted two more pairs of wings, so that he was now a six-winged eagle.  
I gaped in amazement.  Then I got a bit mad and shouted at him, "You couldn't have done that earlier???" 
Birdy (or whatever his name actually was) rolled his eyes and motioned for me to get on his back.  
"Um...alright Birdy..." I slowly climbed onto his back as he walked over the edge of the deck, "Let's go find my Dad!" 
With that command he howled in his eagle scream and leapt into the air.  We were going to find Dad.
Chapter 23
Fighting the Darkness
When I woke up, I was back under water where Zachariel and Raziel had put me.  It felt like I was lying on a cloud suspended in jello or something like that.  
I pulled myself out of the water, feeling refreshed, both physically and mentally.  My body felt like it could run for days and vaporize a million demons.  My mind knew what to do, now that the stranger had told me.
Zachariel looked over, "Ben!!! How are you feeling?" He asked as he walked over. 
I looked at him and nodded, "Good...I feel good."
Zachariel sighed in relief, like he had taken that in a metaphorical sense as well as a literal one.  He clasped my hand and pulled me out of the pool.  
Raziel was sitting on a rock, gazing outward toward the storm clouds that were forming.  Then he turned toward Zachariel and I, "Well, you've woken up.  Better late than never."
I walked over to him, "Raziel...you're alive..." I said as I looked at him.  His cloak was gone, and the armor that was underneath it was chipped, cracked, and broken in multiple places.  The dude seriously looked like he had gone through an oversized paper shredder and lived to tell about it. 
Raziel waved his hand around, "Yes, I am alive.  Thank you for your concern." 
"Yeah...well thank you for giving Ariana and I a chance to get out of the city." I told him, giving him a pat on the side of the arm.  
Raziel looked down, avoiding my gaze, "Well it didn't do much good.  The people of that city are dead, Ariana is captured and you almost died.  Most likely, the demons will kill her too...and such a shame, I was beginning to approve of her." Raziel said almost wistfully. 
"Ariana is not dead." I said, interrupting him. 
Zachariel un-crossed his arms and stepped forward, "How do you know..?" He asked, his eyes lit with curiosity and a tiny hint of hope. 
"When you guys put me in that pool, I met this angel guy that I thought was The Creator or something, but he said that he was, yet he wasn't..."
Zachariel tapped his wrist as if a watch was there, "Quickly, Ben...if you haven't noticed, we're pressed for time."
I mentally set myself back on track, "Oh right.  Anyway, he told me that Ariana was alive in the fortress and that he was sending this little bird to help her..." I smacked myself in the head trying to remember the bird's name, "What was it...Caramel? Arrow...something?" 
"Aromiel?" Zachariel asked, his eyes widening in surprise. 
"Yeah...his name was Aromiel.  Does that name ring a bell?" I asked him. 
Raziel spoke up, "Aromiel is the six-winged eagle that the prophecies of Revelations speak of.  Other than that, not much is known about him."
A six-winged eagle?  That didn't seem aerodynamically possible...and also, it was a little black bird with gray eyes...didn't seem much like a legendary creature to me.
"Actually, his name is not mentioned in the prophecy at all." Zachariel noted, "Aromiel is one of The Creator's creatures that he will keep with him in the highest heaven when the end of the world is near.  In the prophecy, they merely sing praises and what not-"
Instantly I pictured an eagle in a Baptist tabernacle going Squawk! Praise the Lord! 
"-but otherwise, he is a guardian.  So if The Creator sent him to save Ariana..." He eyed me, "The he will not fail." 
"Alright...so what do we do?  Just meet her half-way and take her back to Riverglade?" I asked. 
Zachariel shook his head, "No...you saw it yourself, Ben.  Riverglade is gone.  And pretty soon, the rest of New Eden will be too…one way or another" He explained as he nervously looked at the storm on the horizon.  
"Wait...what do you mean...?"
"The Creator is planning a mass exodus." A voice from the shadows said. 
I looked at the voice.  It belonged to a tall angel, with blonde hair and a pair of blue, glowing wings.  He had his arms crossed, like he was ready for any kind of fight you could possibly throw at him. 
Zachariel eyes darted over in the angel's direction, "Oh Michael...you're back.  What news?"
Michael walked over to Zachariel, "Well I meditated on it, and The Creator revealed that we do have to attack the fortress, otherwise they will continue to kill as many people as they can."
It was probably a stupid idea, but I interrupted him, "Wait, so why can't The Creator help us?  He could totally just wipe out all the demons..."
"The Creator leaves that to us." Zachariel said, "His focus is on his people, and in order to protect them we must destroy the demon fortress." 
"Well...can I help?" I chimed in.  
Both of the angels looked at me, which made me feel slightly uncomfortable.  Then they conversed in a quick and silent manner (in angelic too, since they were talking too fast, I couldn't catch a word of what they were saying).  Zachariel glanced over at me one more time and sighed in irritation, exchanging a few more words with the other angel.
Honestly, considering everything that I've done lately, I seriously doubt that Zachariel would let me.  Either way, I just wanted to make sure that Ariana was really safe...but then again a little vengeance against Aka Manah on the side wouldn't be so bad, either.  
Zachariel turned toward me and opened his mouth to speak, but was interrupted by Raziel, who was still sitting on the rock, "Well Ben is obviously clear of his demon corruption.  Personally, I don't see what the big issue is..."
"He does bring up a point, Zachariel." said another angel that had just arrived, "The boy does seem to have more control over his abilities."
"Hello, Gabriel." Zachariel said, greeting him with a handshake. 
Michael turned around and looked at me, assessing me from head to toe.  Then he turned to Zachariel and Gabriel, saying, "Well if the boy really does have control of it, then have him summon his Nephilim armor.  That would be the fastest way to test Gabriel and Raziel's little hypothesis."
"Whoa, whoa...I thought Raziel said it was dangerous to do that." I protested.  If I remembered correctly, the last time I summoned the shell, Aka Manah basically tortured me and made me transform into a rampaging giant.  Considering that it got Ariana captured, and it nearly blew up a few villages, I wasn't exactly keen on trying it again.
Raziel had now gotten up from his rock, and walked over to me.  He put his hand on my shoulder, "Ben...it's alright.  Don't be afraid to embrace your power." 
I looked over at the three angels.  Michael nodded his head in approval, Gabriel gave me a thumbs up, and Zachariel hesitated for a moment, and then nodded his head as well.  
Raziel returned the nod and looked at me, "We are rather short on time, Ben...so go on now, summon the armor." 
I shut my eyes and tried to concentrate.  I tried to imagine the armor forming around my body, but when I opened my eyes all that was there was a ring of smoke.  
I turned to Raziel, "It's not forming." 
Raziel eyed me carefully, "That's because you're afraid.” He said. 
"Wait...what do you mean?" I asked. 
"The armor can form to either anger or protectiveness.  I noticed that, because when you summoned it against me, you did so to protect Ariana.  But your anger, added to the demon's corruption, turned you violent.  But now, you're afraid of your own power..."
"Alright.  Then how do I not be afraid?" I asked, feeling slightly suspicious of what Raziel was planning. 
Suddenly, he pulled out his blade and pinned me against the wall.  Gabriel and Zachariel attempted to jump in and stop him, but Michael held both of his arms up, motioning for them to halt. 
"Michael? What are you...?" Gabriel and Zachariel began. 
"Just watch." He said, eying Raziel and I carefully, as if he knew what Raziel was trying to do.  
Raziel held his blade close to my chest, "Now Ben...here is the deal.  You will find your courage, or you will die."
I tried to escape his grip, "Dude...you're a freaking psycho!!!"
Raziel shrugged, "Your choice, Ben.  Although if you die..." He eyed me and smirked slyly, "I don't think that would bode well for poor little Ariana..."
My eyes flashed him in anger, and I felt my body began to heat up, like two sticks being rubbed together to create a fire.  Then a blue and white smog erupted from me and forced Raziel away, and then the rest of my armor emerged, forming an eighteen foot humanoid figure, with blue chunks of armor all over my body and white light erupting from the cracks of the armor.  This armor didn't feel sinister like the last one...if anything, it felt more righteous. 
When I looked back up, Raziel had already formed his own armor and summoned a sword and shield to go with it.  Zachariel, Michael, and Gabriel had drawn their weapons too, with Gabriel cracking a wide grin, "Well...it's been a while since I've had a full on battle...what about you, Zachariel?" 
Zachariel rotated one shoulder, "I'm not entirely anxious for it, but if it's necessary..." He looked at Michael for reassurance. 
Michael nodded, "We must take this fortress...by any means necessary." 
I turned around and faced them, "Well I know guys are angels and everything...but there are only five of us.  Even if we are really strong how are we going to take out all of those demons?" 
Raziel, Zachariel, and Gabriel stayed silent and looked at Michael once more.  He dug his blade into the ground, closed his eyes, and began whispering. 
"Um...what is he saying?" I asked. 
Before anyone else could answer, Michael pulled his blade out of the ground and pointed it skyward.  As soon as he had done so, he shouted "COME!  HEAVEN'S LEGION!!!" 
The dark clouds parted as a beam of light penetrated them.  Eventually as the clouds disappeared altogether, it revealed hundreds upon hundreds of winged figures, all armed with blazing swords and shining plates of armor.  
I blinked my eyes in shock.  The Calvary had arrived.
...

I looked onward as Michael finally summoned Heaven's Legion, then I sighed with relief.  I was glad that Michael had thought of that...because honestly I did not feel up to fighting all of those demons with only four comrades for back up, even if it was two of my fellow angels and two Soraphim, one of them being a rebellious and utterly insane rouge, and the other being a young, ignorant and confused boy.  Even with an Archangel at my back, I would still would have felt no less dubious about the oncoming fight. 
I readied my sword and widened my wings for takeoff, as Michael raised his own blade and prepared to command the army to begin its assault.  Then the word was given, and soon we all took off, soaring like bolts of lightning into the dark, stormy clouds.  
I looked behind me, to see that Raziel and Ben had formed a pair of ethereal wings on their respective armors.  Michael led the legion, his wings a mere glowing blur as they cut across the dark clouds.  
Finally, we were free of the storm that obscured our vision, and the fortress was in view.  It was a gray, stone castle with a very twisted architecture to it.  Sharp, evil spires erupted from the top and sides of the fortress, and like the Sky City, it floated on a huge chunk of landmass.  Around it, a multitude of smaller floating masses orbited the main one, creating a debris field that we would have to maneuver through.  
I grimaced in frustration.  Whoever was behind this was smart enough to place the fortress in a cover such as this...but then who was behind it all? 
Raziel and Ben flew up alongside me, "Zachariel..." Raziel said, "Ben told me who was behind this.  My suspicions were correct…it's Aka Manah.  He's causing the demons to form using something at the fortress.  I'm going to go take him down while you and Ben attack the forces outside."
Ben chimed in, "Come on man!  At least let me help you!!!  We're both Soraphim, we could take him down easily!!!  Zachariel, tell him I can help!"
"Don't be stupid, Ben.  We can't give Aka Manah what he wanted in the first place..."
"Raziel is right, Ben." I told him, "We need you to stay here.  I'll go with Raziel to deal with Aka Manah."
"But what about Ariana..? He asked. 
Suddenly, we all heard a shrieking noise and looked forward at the source.  There, a six-winged eagle was fleeing from a group of pursuing demons, with a terrified blonde girl clutching desperately to its neck.  
I smiled in knowing that Ariana was saved by Aromiel.  That bird had done its job, but we needed to eliminate the demons behind her.  
"AROMIEL!!!" I shouted, "DIVE!!!  NOW!!!"
The six-winged eagle complied and pulled all of its wings in, doing a dive bomb below us.  After he had done that, Raziel, Ben and I tore through and killed most of them with a few swings of a blade. 
After we had finished off that group, Aromiel swung around and hovered in mid-air.  Ariana was laying her head against his neck, her hair was a tangled mess and she looked as if she were about to hurl.  
I flew up next to her and gave her a hug, "Ariana...are you alright?" 
She opened her eyes and smiled brightly as she hugged me back, "DAD!!!  You're alive!!!" 
"I'm alive? I'm more relieved to see that you're alive..." I said as I patted her head.  
Raziel sighed in the background, "This is very touching and all, but I need to get a move on...we have a demon to kill." 
Ariana eyed him curiously, "What demon? Wait...you don't mean Aka Manah do you...?" 
Raziel stared back, "Yeah...so what...?" 
Her eyes widened, "Be careful...I think he has Ben...I mean, he looked like him and all, but still..."
I stared at her blankly as we all floated in mid-air, "No, we have Ben...he's right there." I pointed to the blue Nephilim armor that was flying toward us. 
He hovered in mid-air and said, "Sorry about that, I'm back..."Then his eyes widened when he saw Ariana, "Ari!!!  You're alive!!!"
Raziel smacked his forehead in annoyance, "We've been through this reunion crap before.  Come on Zachariel, let’s get a move on already..."
I sighed and turned to Ariana and Ben, "He's right, I have to go.  Ariana, you have to find somewhere safe to stay.  Ben, protect her and kill any demons in your way.  We all need to..."
A loud cry of anger erupted from the direction of the fortress.  We I glanced over, I saw a large, red Nephilim Shell with a plethora of likewise armored demons behind it.  As I focused my vision, I realized that it was actually Ben in the armor.
I looked over at the Ben that was floating next to Ariana.  This was him all right...but then who was that..?
The red figure sped up his flying and tackled our Ben into one of the floating masses, attacking him mercilessly.  Ariana straightened up her posture and ordered Aromiel to intervene, "Come on Birdy! We've got to help Ben!" and they both flew toward the two clashing Soraphim.  
"Come on Raziel! We need to..." I was interrupted by a swarm of demons that attacked us, and blocked us from reaching them.  Unlike the other demons, these were armored...and much more difficult to kill.  
Raziel flew next to me as he smashed one of his attackers away, "Zachariel...we need to go." He said, “We need to take out Aka Manah.  If we don't stop him and take out whatever is regenerating the demons, I have a feeling these armies will keep coming..."
I looked around.  The rest of Michael's legion was engaged was well, there were the angels fighting against the demons and imps, and Michael and Gabriel were preoccupied with a group of Wicked Giants that was attacking his regiment.  We couldn't rely on them for help.
I looked back at Raziel, "Alright...you win.  Let's go engage Aka Manah."
Raziel smashed one more demon and the pair of us flew toward the fortress, looking for its leader...

...


The fact that Ben had met his evil twin was pretty bad in my book.  Honestly, I was glad that it wasn't really him in the fortress...but at the same time, I was scared of what the shadow Ben actually was and what it might possibly do.
I watched as the two twenty foot figures battled it out, with the red one mostly beating the crud out of the blue one.  It reminded of a game called "Rock ‘em Sock ‘em" That Ben told me about one time.
As they fought, a bunch of demons tried to jump on the good Ben and distract him, but I dived in with Birdy and he grabbed them, flinging them up as I slashed them with my knife, Omega. 
One of them figured out what we were doing and attempted to attack me from above.  I patted Birdy's head and told him to do a barrel roll. 
Birdy complied and I held on tight.  The demon instead ended up in Birdy's claws, when we turned back upright and smashed him against a floating rock.  
"Good job!" I told Birdy, "Now let's go help Ben!!!" 
We flew over to the fight.  Both of them were smashing the other against or rock, boulder, or whatever object they could find.  While they fought, they also appeared to be having a verbal argument.  
"You are weak!!!  You let her take my sister!!!  You should have killed her when you had the chance!!!" The one in red yelled, his voice deep and corrupted. 
"No!!!" The good Ben replied back angrily, "She'll just live with what she did!!!"
Bad-guy Ben grabbed his other by the arm and tossed him to another floating rock below.  In his hand, he manifested a long blade, and he jumped down, preparing to strike the good Ben with it.  
Ben saw the oncoming danger and moved out of the way, then tore the trunk of a dead tree out of the miniature oasis that was on it and rammed it into the ribcage of the armor, and some of the branches even pierced the Bad-Guy Ben inside. 
"Yeah! You get him Ben!!!" I said as Birdy and I killed another demon.  
Ben looked up and motioned for me to move, but he was tackled by his twisted counterpart and the two began fighting again.  My Ben even tried a fancy martial arts move, which put his enemy on the ground, but Bad-Guy Ben brought him down as well.  They rolled along the ground, punching and beating each other to a pulp.  Finally the evil Ben managed to knock the good Ben down, whose armor had begun to disappear. 
"I told you that you were weak...and now this proves it...I am the real you…" He raised the blade to deal the killing blow. 
Before I could even think about it, my body had jumped off of Birdy and landed on the back of the evil Ben's armor, digging Omega into the nape of his neck.  
"ARRRRGGHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!" Bad-guy Ben shouted in agony, as he threw me off of his back.  He raised one fist to smash me, but my Ben had picked up the evil one's long sword and impaled him with it.  
The evil Ben slowly backed up against the wall, trying to pull the sword out, but his counterpart quickly shoved the blade further into his chest, pinning him against the wall.  
I got up and limped over to him, "Good job Ben!!!" Honestly, I was hoping that maybe we had finally managed to defeat his evil twin
The evil Ben groaned in pain, then looked up at us with his blood red eyes as he chuckled, "So you beat me...you know my point still stands...one day, you'll be just like me."
"No he won't!!!" I shouted, "I'll make sure he'll never become like you again!!!" 
The evil Ben hid his eyes in his bangs and smirked with a mouth that was now soaked with blood, "Not if you die..." He remarked. 
The rest of good Ben's armor vaporized and he fell to the ground, exhausted.  Then he propped himself up on one knee and said, "I won't be like you again...and that's a promise." 
The evil counterpart coughed up one more spout of blood before vaporizing into dust, "Well then...I hope you're good at keeping your promises...if not, I'll be back." And then he was gone.  
Ben (the good one) collapsed and I went over, sitting down next to him.  He laid in my arms and gave a long, warm hug and nuzzled his head under my chin.  
He spoke up, "Oh my god...I'm so glad you're alive, Ari..." He said, hugging me tightly. 
I hugged him back and ran my fingers through his hair, "It's alright Ben...I'm just glad to have you back..." I said. 
Ben loosened his grip and stood to his feet, helping me up since I still had a fractured leg.  We made our way over to Birdy, who was fluttering all six of his wings in irritation, like he was anxious to get out of here. 
Ben patted the bird on his head, "Hey buddy...got room for one more?" 
Birdy sounded off and readied his wings for flight.  Ben and I climbed onto his back, with Ben wrapping his arms around my waist, so that he wouldn't fall off during flight.  Despite that, I blushed.
Birdy took off into the sky, and soared toward the frightening fortress that Aka Manah had kept me in, "Alright Ben...let me know if you see Dad or Raziel." 
Suddenly, Ben pointed to the deck that I had escaped from.  Out of the walkway came Raziel and Dad...only Dad was bleeding from the chest, and Raziel was carrying him.
"Girl! Bring that eagle down here now!!!" Raziel shouted. 
We complied and brought Dad onto the eagle.  He was wounded in the chest...badly.  
"BIRDY!!! GET BACK TO THE POOL AS FAST AS POSSIBLE!!!" I said as I applied pressure to the wound.  
Ben looked at me with worry, "Is he going to be alright, Ari...?" 
I felt tears fall from my face as we flew across the sky, which was beginning to light up due to the newly arrived sun, "I don't know Ben..." I hugged him closely as I continued to press his wound, "Please don't die, Daddy..."
Chapter 24
The Duel with Evil

I was surprised that the angel agreed to go with me.  Considering that he just found his daughter, and that she was in imminent danger from the oncoming hordes, I had thought that he would have stayed behind and protected her.  
As I delved into my thoughts, Zachariel turned to me, "What is your plan, Raziel...?" He asked. 
"I thought you would have been able to figure it out by now...my plan is simple and straightforward.  We enter the fortress, take out whatever is forming the new demons, find Aka Manah, and kill him." 
"Really...?  No clever strategy?  No elaborate tactic?" 
I shook my head, "Not this time, angel.  We find him, and kill him...and for good measure, make it brutal." I told him as we landed on the deck, "This is required if we want to stop the demons from regenerating...and if I want the revenge I truly seek."
"Wait...this is about revenge?  What do you have against Aka Manah?" He asked as we both drew our blades. 
I walked forward, my blade at the ready, "He killed my race because they would not disobey The Creator.  I am here simply to return the favor." 
"And what will you do once you kill him?" Zachariel asked. 
"Rebuild my race, starting with Ben." I answered briefly. 
A confused look appeared on Zachariel's face, "With who else? Wouldn't you need a female...?" 
I avoided his questioning look, "I'll find one, eventually.  I'm sure there's a female Soraphim out there somewhere..." I hid the fact that I told Ariana she could marry Ben and they could restart the race, because I had a feeling it wouldn't sit too well with him.  
Zachariel stared down the darkness of the hall as we stood at the doorway, "Do you suppose Ben can hold his own against that creature that attacked him...?" 
"I certainly hope so, for his and Ariana's sake.  He could hold his own with me after all, so he has potential...but in a fight, anything can change.  I'm sure you and I are more aware of that than any one else...considering our little alliance at Riverglade." 
“Touché…” Zachariel replied as he nodded. 
We continued to walk down the corridor of the fortress, checking every corner for any possible ambushes, but surprisingly it was empty...probably due to the fact that the demons must have emptied out the castle to combat the angelic army's attack.  
"Speaking of which, Raziel..." Zachariel said, "I find it funny that a few days ago, you were trying to capture Ben and kill me and Ariana...and now you're helping us." 
"Well nothing's changed.  I still want to capture Ben, and honestly I never actually wanted to kill her.  I was simply hoping to get a reaction from Ben, and see what sort of potential he had.  But I'll admit, Ariana has grown on me.  She is far more perceptive then I initially thought her to be, and she is also very brave." I told him. 
Zachariel smiled, "Yes...she has a habit of doing that.  She is a very sweet girl indeed."
I nodded, "Yes...are you aware that she has feelings for Ben?  She is very earnestly in love with him...and the funny thing is, he can't seem to figure it out..." I chuckled, "What do you say to this, angel?" 
He sighed in obvious annoyance, "Well, I initially approved of him, until I found out that he was a Soraphim.  Now, he is a danger to my daughter and I wouldn't have sent her with him if I had known all of this would happen...”
"But you didn't know.  Ben protected Ariana, and not once used his abilities to harm her.  The real issue was the demons that were constantly after him, trying to get him to use his abilities.  Ariana prevented him from doing that, so in a way, those two were protecting each other.  This is just my personal opinion, angel, but I would give them a chance." I finished as I cleared a cobweb that stood in my way.  
Zachariel grimaced, "I'll decide this after we finish off Aka Manah...most likely, you will take Ben, I will take Ariana, and we will go our separate ways, that way we both get what we want."
I shrugged and exhaled, “Suit yourself." 
After walking a little further down the hall, Zachariel and I discovered a room full of demons.  They kept forming over a fire-rimmed circle in the middle of the room, and little imps chanted and danced around it. 
"So this is what Ben was talking about...no wonder the demons seemed so fearless.  They knew that they would simply regenerate." Zachariel noted. 
Zachariel had a point.  All this time, they weren't forming...they were re-forming.  This is how they regenerated seemingly without end.  And if we didn't put a stop to it, they would continue to give Michael and the angels a lot of grief. 
I motioned for Zachariel to enter the room, and we quickly dispatched all of the imps and the demons that resided in there.  We made our way over to a desk, where a book written in demonic runes sat.  
I brushed a bunch of dust off of the book as I said, "Zachariel, look...this must be what they are using to reincarnate them somehow."
Zachariel looked at the book, then dispatched a demon that tried to reform, "Indeed.  We should destroy it, and the circle.  Otherwise, it will keep going.  I think they put the incantation on a loop." 
We both nodded at each other and raised our blades to destroy our respective targets.  As the blows fell, the roof tore away to reveal a Wicked Giant that was looming over us.  It raised its fist to smash us, but I charged at it, formed the upper half of my Nephilim Shell, and punched it in the chest, forcing it away from the fortress and Zachariel. 
I shouted to him, "Angel!!!  Finish destroying the circle!!!  I'll take care of the giant!!!" 
I formed the rest of the armor and continued to attack the giant.  Blow after blow, I forced it further and further away from the castle, to give the angel time to destroy the circle and find Aka Manah.
The giant smacked me into the side of the fortress, attempting to immobilize me so that he could continue to attack.  Chunks of debris from the fortress fell, bombarding my armor with a barrage of falling rocks.  
I stopped another one of his blows, although my armor took a significant amount of damage in doing so.  It began to crack and break under the force of its attack, and at this rate it wouldn't last much longer.  I needed to finish this fight...and quickly. 
I freed one of my hands and tried to climb my way out, but the giant readjusted his grip and wrapped his large hand around me, hoisting me and my armor into the air, attempting to crush it to get to me.  
When he lifted me into the air, I glanced over at where Zachariel was supposed to be, but he wasn't there.  The circle appeared to be destroyed, but I wasn't able to spot him.
I looked back at the face of the Wicked Giant.  His eyes blazed a burning red, and his mouth began to twist itself into a crooked grin. 
I glared at him as he continued his attempt to crush me, "What the hell are you smiling at...?" 
It raised the other arm and brought it up, so that it was now using both hands to break my armor and crush me.  It smiled wickedly, as if it were saying, I've got you now...
It strengthened its grip on me, and my armor was beginning to crack under the pressure.  Soon, it would shatter and I would be nothing but a pile of blood and guts...and that left me with one choice. 
I ordered the top of my armor to open, and I swiftly jumped as the giant's hands crumpled up the remaining shards. As I landed on his wrist, I pulled out my blade and slashed the fingers of the beast as it reached for me.  Since the beast was mostly slow, I took the opportunity, ran up its arm, and cut a deep gash into the giant's neck.  The giant groaned, and fell onto the side of the castle, collapsing the roof into the main throne room, where Aka Manah was dueling Zachariel.  Zachariel was significantly slower than Aka Manah was, considering he had a different style and he only had one sword.  The leader of the demon's himself had a set of twin blades, with jagged and curved edges, each sword about three feet in length.  They were designed to be deceitful and deadly...which was exactly Aka Manah's style.  
Both Aka Manah and Zachariel heard the crash, but neither of them looked toward me, so as not to lose their advantage in the current battle that the two of them were locked in.  I couldn't afford to distract Zachariel, because that would cost him his life.  So instead, I need to think smart and find a way to ambush Aka Manah.
As they continued to clash, I walked off the giants hand and onto the floor of the room.  Once I spotted an opening in Aka Manah's defense, I sliced with my sword, but he managed to see it coming and blocked it with his own blade.  
Aka Manah smiled with the same evil grin that the giant had, "So...two on one, is it?" 
I pulled back my sword and attacked him again, but it too was stopped, "Yes…and I am going to kill you." I said with a growl.  After all these years of waiting, it was finally my time for revenge.  
Aka Manah scoffed.  He held his blades against our own, with his gray face showing little to no effort, "Huh...so that's how it is.  Very well..." He removed his blade from the standoff with ours and flew into the air, landing on the rim of his makeshift throne, "Bring it then.  So I'm fighting an angel and..." He gestured to me with a mocking look on his face, "Who are you?" 
I glared up at him, "My name is Raziel.  I am a Soraphim...the lone survivor of that slaughter you orchestrated all those years ago." 
Aka Manah scratched his pointed chin in obviously false confusion, "Hmm...that name doesn't seem to ring a bell.  Be more specific." He said, spinning his left blade around his hand casually. 
I took a step forward and pointed at him with my sword accusingly, "That time when the Soraphim would not fall for your ideas, and you killed them all, including my wife and son..." 
"Oh...I remember now!!!" Aka Manah said, "You mean that time when you fell victim to Lucifer's ideas, and instead of warning your people of what was coming, like a good person would do, you tried to persuade them to join me...now tell me, whose fault is it again?" 
I lost my glare and stared blankly in shock.  I couldn't guard myself against his words, because I knew that they were true.  It was my fault that they died.
Zachariel ran over to me and put his hand on my shoulder, "Come on Raziel!!!  Don't listen to him!!!  He's just saying that because he knows he’s outnumbered!!!" 
I didn't listen to him.  I still stood there, numb as a cow, feeling essentially nothing but guilt.  I stood so still that I didn't notice Aka Manah ready his weapon and jump at me, attempting to deliver the killing blow.  I shook myself out of it long enough to see Zachariel knock me to the side, and take the killing blow himself.  
Seeing that was enough to shake me out of it completely.  In the split second before I screamed in rage at the top of my lungs, I saw Aka Manah's blade protrude through Zachariel's back.  Zachariel fell to the ground on his hands and knees, struggling to stay conscious.
I lost all rationality.  I had forgotten my grief.  I didn't care about anything.  I wanted to kill Aka Manah right here and now, and I was going to.  
I charged at him, my sword now blazing with my Soraphim flame, and I attacked more viciously than any demon or angel possibly could, bombarding him with a series of attacks, each meant to end his pathetic, evil, and meaningless existence.  
"Well, little lone Raziel is pissed off now...that's cute." Aka Manah mused as he blocked my blows, "I wonder if..." 
As he talked, I knocked his blade out of his hands and knocked him to the ground, impaling him with my own flaming sword.  His body went limp as I dug the weapon further and further into the ground, hoping that each time I pressed the hilt that he would feel the pain. 
Then I stopped.  I looked down at Aka Manah's limp body, his demonic wings and his limbs spread out, like a banner would be to a wall.  I stared down at him, still feeling that rage that I had mustered earlier. 
Suddenly, his mouth twisted into a smile, since the rest of his face was hidden by his hood, "That was impressive...but you see, I'm not that easy to kill, Soraphim.  I'm afraid that I'm going to have to suck the satisfaction out of this and take a tiny little leave of absence..." 
I bent down quickly and tried to grab him by the scruff of his neck, but all I was grabbing was an empty set of robes, pinned to the floor by my sword.  Somehow he had disappeared.
Aka Manah's laugh echoed throughout the fortress, and I shouted in absolute, solid anger.  After I was done yelling, I heard Zachariel finally collapse on his side, the sword that Aka Manah had impaled him with had now disappeared into smoke. 
"ZACHARIEL!!!" I ran over to him, and threw his hand around my neck, and helped him to his feet.  Zachariel was still conscious, and he was able to walk.  
"Come on, angel...we need to get you some medical attention..."
"Raziel...I don't think..."
"Don't start that crap, Zachariel.  You need to keep holding on...or at least hold on until we can get you some help." I told him, attempting to encourage him.  
The building began to collapse around us, little chunks of rock breaking from the stone structure of the hallway that Zachariel and I lumbered through.  
Finally, we reached the deck that we had arrived at in the first place.  I looked up, and saw Ariana and Ben riding the giant, six-winged eagle.  
"GIRL!!! Bring that eagle down here!!!" I commanded her. 
Ariana saw the wound and began to tear up.  Ben and I pushed Zachariel onto the eagle, and Ariana shouted "BIRDY!!! GET BACK TO THE POOL AS FAST AS POSSIBLE!!!" And with that, they bolted off into the sky.  
I stared at them as they flew away.  I felt even guiltier now that Zachariel had gotten injured -probably fatally- and how Ariana might lose him.
I began to shed tears, for the first time since I discovered my family dead.  I failed at everything, it seemed...first, I caused my race to be killed, and blamed it on The Creator for doing nothing, when in reality, it was all my fault.  Next, I tried to capture Ben, but instead of being direct and just taking him away, I had to give in to my desire to test him, and as a result, set all these events in motion that led to Ben's total corruption and most likely the angel's death.  Third, I had failed to protect them at the Sky City and broken my promise to the angel Kira...if I had just gone on a little longer...
I looked at the crumbling fortress.  The sunrise glowed brilliantly behind it, and the chunks of stone and rock slowly broke apart as the angels assaulted it.  
I walked back into the hallway, the rocks fell from the ceiling and hit me, but I didn't care.  I eventually found myself at the throne room, where the battle between Aka Manah and I had taken place.  My sword still stuck out of the empty robes were the demon had been.
I looked at the blade, then knelt next to it and dipped my head.  
Zachariel...I thought, Why did you do that...?  You could have just let me die, gone back to Ariana, and you could have lived happily with her...like the way it was in your village...
I looked down at Aka Manah's robes, and slowly his eerie, insane laughter began to build up in my head. 
Aren’t you ever going to learn to stop getting people killed...? The voice teased. 
Suddenly my grief was replaced with unspeakable anger, and the desire to avenge Zachariel and everyone that was ever hurt because of me and him. 
"One day..." I answered it out loud, "I will find you, and kill you for good.  That will be the last death that will ever be on my hands..." I pulled my blade out of the ground and sheathed it on my back, "...and that, I promise you.  I hope you’re ready, you damn demon…" 
The rest of the castle collapsed around me, and I let myself turn to smoke and whisk away, wherever the cruel wind was destined to take me...
Chapter 25
The Journey Begins

I had taken off my hoodie and wrapped it tight around Zachariel, so that it would at the very least slow down the bleeding…but I had a sinking feel that nothing I could do would help.  
"You're gonna be alright Mr. Zachariel..." I said, trying to reassure him, "We'll get you some help, and then you and Ariana can go back to the life that you two had before..." 
Zachariel opened his eyes and smiled at me and Ariana, "Well...sorry about this, but that may not be the case anymore." 
"No...no don't say that..." I said, brushing some of the wind-blown hair out of my face.  
"You know Ben, you aren’t so bad after all..." Zachariel remarked as he coughed. 
"Hey now...don't get all soft and mushy on me now...remember?  You're supposed to be the intimidating Dad. " I said, as I pushed down on the wound.  
Suddenly, I saw two flying figures in the distance.  One had glowing blue wings and blonde hair; the other had normal wings and silver hair.  Based on that, I figured that it must have been Michael and Gabriel.  
Ariana raised both of her arms and waved them wildly, trying to flag them down, "HEY!!! OVER HERE!!!" 
Michael looked over at us, raised his sword in acknowledgment, and then pointed it to one of the larger floating boulders, gesturing for us to land.  
Soon after, the eagle changed direction and landed on the rock.  Gabriel and Michael zipped over to us and helped me moved Zachariel from Aromiel's back.  They laid him against a rock and redressed his wounds, "Zachariel...what happened? Who did this to you...?" Michael asked. 
"Was it Raziel...?" I asked.  Raziel was no friend of Zachariel or the angels, but to imagine that he could do something like this...
Zachariel shook his head, "No...it was Aka Manah.  Raziel and I fought him, and Aka Manah managed to land a hit on me...and he escaped."
Gabriel nodded as he continued to redress and press on the wound, "Alright...well it won't matter anyway.  We'll get you fixed up, and then we'll all find him..."
Zachariel grabbed Gabriel's shoulder plate and motioned for him to stop, "No...I don't think I'm making it this time." 
I looked at him, and then at Ariana, who was right next to me.  Tears were now flowing constantly down her cheeks, and she even choked a little.  
Ariana scooted over next to him, "Come on Dad, don't say that...we're going to go back to Riverglade...we're going to..."
Zachariel brought his hand up to her cheek and wiped some of her tears.  Ariana's eyes widened in shock, and she brought her own hands up and held on to his hand.  
Zachariel smiled as tears began to fall from his own eyes, "Ariana...I'm afraid that time is long past."
"No Dad..." she laid her head on his chest and began to openly weep.  Then she raised her head up, and Zachariel reached into one of his pouches and pulled out a little stuff animal.  It was a rabbit, with black buttons for eyes, and a faded mouth sown in.  He handed it to Ariana, who took it and looked at it in shock, "This...this is Mr. Peter..." 
"Yes...you forgot him when you and Ben fled the village." Zachariel said, "And speaking of which..."
He turned his head to me, and motioned for me to come over, "Ben...I know that you're a good person, and I know that you care deeply for Ariana.  I want you to promise me something." 
"Anything, sir..." I told him.  
He held out his other hand as if offering an arm wrestling match, and I took it as he looked me square in the eye, "I want you to take care of Ariana..."
"Wait...me, sir?  But I almost..." 
"That's in the past, Ben.  Ariana is your responsibility now...and you need to do so with all of your heart.  Promise me..."
I hesitated, but then I looked him in the eyes, "I promise, sir.  I promise that I'll take care of Ariana..." 
Zachariel nodded, and suddenly his arms went limp.  Ariana still held onto his hand, as Zachariel looked to the rising sun, "Hey there Kira...I'm coming old friend..."
With one final breath, Zachariel's body turned into light, and was whisked away into the sky, his soul transcended beyond death.  
Ariana was left holding empty air.  After a moment of shock, she began to scream and cry, latching onto me tightly.  We sat there, holding each other for what I figured to me about an hour.  Michael and Gabriel stood there, their faces downcast, as Ariana and I grieved for the loss of her father.  
Ariana pulled back a little and looked at me, "What are we going to do, Ben?  I don't know what to do without my Dad...he's always been there for me..." 
"I know Ariana...but you heard what he made me promise.  I'm going to take care of you, and make sure that you are safe…no matter what it costs me." 
Ariana looked at me, her eyes still soaked from her crying, "Ben...I..."
 Suddenly, the scenery around us shifted.  The boulder that we were on changed, until it was no longer a floating rock.  Instead, I found myself back in that place that I had met that stranger who told me about Aka Manah and the thing at the fortress...but if I had never listened in the first place, Zachariel would have never gone with Raziel, and he would have still been alive...
"Well if you hadn't listened, all of you would now be dead." A familiar mind-reading voice remarked. 
Ariana and I turned around, finding the same stranger that I had talked to when I was recovering in the pool.  
"Hello again, Ben." He said. 
"Um...who are you?" Ariana asked, linking her arm in mine and partially hiding behind me.  
"Well, although I represent only part of him, you may call me The Spirit." He said. 
"Oh...okay...well hi Mr. Spirit..." Ariana said as she gave a small wave.  
"Hello Ariana." He replied.  Then we found ourselves under the tree, which for some reason had suddenly shifted to our location.  
"So what are we doing here?  I thought you already told me what I needed to know..." I asked, feeling bewildered.  
"I told you what you needed to know for that particular battle.  Without the information I gave you, the demons would have kept re-forming and eventually overtaken you two and the angelic army, and a lot more would have died.  Although you may feel guilty about Zachariel's death, it was your decision to listen that saved Ariana and everyone else." 
"So basically someone had to be sacrificed for all of this to work..." I said.  
He nodded, "It wasn't completely necessary.  Considering that Aka Manah had dealt the killing blow, it was Zachariel who choose to take the attack in Raziel's stead."
"Wait...Dad sacrificed himself for Raziel...? Why...?" Ariana asked, on the verge of tears again. 
"I can't share what was on someone else's mind at the time of their decision.  In the end; Zachariel's thoughts were his own." 
Ariana collapsed to the ground, starting to cry again, "But...I miss him...I want my Dad..."  
I sat down next to her and rubbed her shoulders in comfort, and then I looked at him again, "Listen, I should have been the one to die.  That way things could have gone back to the way they were...why did you send me here in the first place?  Just being here has caused a multitude of deaths, including a bunch of innocent people...so tell me, Spirit, why couldn't you just let me fade to oblivion, in the place of all of those people...? I have to know...otherwise I can't live with myself or the guilt." 
Ariana looked up at me, "Ben NO! Don't even go there..."
The Spirit looked at us steadily, his infinite eyes not blinking or even flinching at my words, "I sent you here so you could meet her..." He gestured to Ariana as he spoke, "...and because you have a job to do, Ben." 
I slowly stood up to my feet, "What job...? What exactly am I supposed to do?" 
The Spirit closed his eyes, and I found my brain overloaded with the dreams I had experienced earlier.  I saw Lilly with the group of teenagers that she was with, and I saw them try but fail to survive, and I watched as each one ultimately met their doom...
"Wait, wait, stop...what the hell is this?" I asked, trying to wave the visions away. 
"This...is their future without you.  If you had simply 'faded into oblivion', as you think would have happened, then they would have met the same fate...but if you decide to take up this mission I am giving you, and gather them and lead them, then their fate will turn out differently."
"Who are they..?" I asked. 
"Why do you ask, that which you already know?" He replied. 
He was right.  I may not have known them personally, but I knew what they were...they were a generation of reborn Soraphim, like me.  
"Yes..." I answered him, "I know what they are...and I know that one of them is my sister, Lilly."  
The Spirit smiled, "You're getting the idea Ben.  I want you to go back to Earth, and lead them...prepare them for the coming storm." 
"What storm...?" Ariana asked, a look of blatant shock affixed to her face. 
"That one that will soon overtake Earth.  It will come steadily, and take it's time, but I assure you, with each blast of the trumpet it will come...the reborn Soraphim have a special place in this darkness-ridden world, and you must prepare them for it."
Right as he said these words, a violent, whipping wind began to form, pushing the low mist that initially glided along the ground into the air.  The Spirit's shape too, began to change, until he was literally a glowing, shining humanoid figure.  The tree that we were next to began to twist into two separate halves, but met at the top, so that the tree was now a doorway...a doorway that must have led back to Earth. 
As I pondered everything he had told me, The Spirit looked me in the eyes, and gestured to the doorway, "Are you ready to make your choice, Ben...?"
...


I watched as the strange glowing man gestured to the door way, “Are you ready to make your choice, Ben…?” 
Ben took a in a deep breath and let it out slowly, “I am.” I began to take a step forward when I cried out “NO! Ben WAIT!!! Please…”
He turned around sharply and looked at me. I was crying, tears rolling down my cheeks, “Ben…I…ummm….I…”
Ben took a step toward me, “What is it Ariana? What’s wrong?” 
I began to choke on my tears, “Please Ben…don’t go…” I ran up to him and hugged him tightly.
The man watched as the events unfolded, and then he gave a gentle laugh, “Tell him Ariana…its okay.  No need to hide your feelings anymore…”
Ben looked first at him, then back to me, “What feelings…?  Ari…?”
I stood up straight and gazed into his lovely, gray eyes. 
The memories flooded through my mind like a raging river.  I remembered all the good times we had, all the smiles and the laughter…how close we were…despite all the hardship, and mistrust…all the love…
Time seemed to freeze as the memories flowed.  My eyes were locked with his.  My will began to crumble under his beautiful, loving stare.  I was losing the courage to tell him…
But then the voice in my head urged me on, Come on Ari!!!  Suck it up girl!  Tell him the truth…!!!
I took in a deep breath, “Benjamin Blake…I…I love you…” I slipped my hand into his, “Please don’t leave me….please…”
He gaped at me for a second, and then he closed his mouth and smiled.  He took my other hand and stared me down, gazing into my tear-filled eyes. Then we embraced, holding onto each other so tight that NOTHING in this world, or the next one, or the one after that could separate us.
Ben loosened up and looked at me.  His hand moved up to my cheek and began to wipe my tears away, “Ariana…You’re the one that introduced me to this beautiful world.  We have experienced so much here.  I wouldn’t want to leave you…I never will…never again I promise.”
I looked up at him after I had buried my head in his shoulder.  I inched my nose close to where his was, so that our noses were touching, then our lips collided. 
Time began to move again, and as we kissed I felt my heart truly bonding with his, the memories now flowing between us as our souls connected.  We broke off the kiss and touched foreheads, looking deep into each others eyes.  
Love. Real, true, love…I thought. 
I looked at the man by the doorway, “Can I go with him…? Please…?”
The Spirit smiled and nodded. “I created you two, after all…when Aka Manah originally tried to summon your soul to his side, I intervened.  I instead sent him to his counterpart…which was you, Ariana.  You kept him from the dark; you replaced the evil with good, the hate with love, and the pain with happiness.  Your love for him was stronger than the evil he harbored in his heart. ” 
My heart leaped. I looked back at Ben and began to kiss him obsessively.  “Ben did you hear that? We’re…we’re actually meant for each other…and we can stay together.” 
Ben’s mouth gaped open, then he let out a laugh of joy, “Oh God…finally some good news…” He nuzzled his face into my hair, and then shed a few tears.  
I hugged him tightly, then looked at the Spirit, “Thank you…thank you so much sir…”
The Spirit nodded.  He stepped aside and gestured for us to enter the door.  We took a tentative step forward, looked at each-other, and stepped through.  There was a bright flash of light, and then we were whisked away by some unknown force.  We were headed to Earth. 
Epilogue
One World, One Heart
I opened my eyes.  The sky was a bright blue, with several clouds slowly trudging across it.  I then looked to my side, and next to me lay a blonde girl.  I looked down and saw that we were holding hands, and it was then that I realized who this girl was...
Ariana...her name is Ariana...
Everything came rushing back to my head.  The battles, the dancing, our first kiss...and then I remembered why I came back to Earth.  I had a job to do. 
I got on my knees and started shaking Ariana.  She slowly opened her eyes, but upon seeing me, they flew open and instantly I was greeted with a kiss. 
"Ben!!! Oh my gosh..." She got to her knees too and looked at me, her eyes widening, “Ben...we're on Earth..."
"Yeah, we are..." 
"That means we have to find your sister..."
"Yeah..."
"And find the other Soraphim..." 
“Yeah I know…but first…” I nuzzled my head under her chin and cried in relief.  For what seemed like forever, we sat there embracing each other.  Then I sat up and looked her in the eyes, “Well Ariana…we’ve got a job to do.” 
Suddenly I heard her stomach growl, "Ummm Ben...can we eat first? I'm kind of hungry..." 
I nodded and checked my pockets.  I pulled out several dollar bills and looked at them, noticing that they were different than the traditional American bills.  For one, It had "ONE WORLD, ONE HEART" embroidered in huge letters across the bill, with the numbers representing the amount in the corners. 
Ariana leaned over and rested her chin on my shoulder, and wrapping her arms around me, "What's that, Ben?" 
I shoved the bills back in my pocket and turned around so that I was facing her, "It's money of some kind...and yeah, I'm kind of hungry too...let's go get something to eat." I told her as I gave her another kiss. 
Ariana leapt to her feet and helped me up, interlocking my fingers with hers as we began to walk down the empty road, toward a building in the distance.  The fields of wheat fluttered in the wind on either side, as the breeze gently egged us on.  
I glanced at Ariana as I walked beside her.  Now she was wearing a black and gray outfit, with her hair tumbling down past her shoulders. She seemed she grieving, anxious, and slightly scared, but beneath all that I saw that she felt happy to be here with me.
I smiled to myself.  I'm glad Ariana and I made it through all that...and I was even more surprised to find out that this girl loved me, even when I was losing myself.  And the truth was, I loved her back.
Eventually, after about thirty minutes of walking, Ariana and I had reached the building.  It turned out to be a 60's style cafe, with a broken down semi truck on the side.  
We walked into the restaurant, and sat down at one of the booths. Ariana picked up the menu and looked at it, practically jamming her nose into it.  She let out a short grunt of disappointment, and tapped the waitress as she walked by, "Umm Ma'am...you don't happen to have any cereal, do you?" She asked sweetly. 
The waitress shook her head, "No, I'm sorry honey...we have pancakes though." The waitress offered. 
Ariana sulked in her seat and said, "Alright...that's fine."
The waitress turned to me next, "And what would you like?" She asked.  
"Oh...um..." I took a quick glance at the menu and randomly picked something, "I would like blueberry pancakes." I said. 
The waitress nodded as she wrote them down.  Then she addressed me again, "Alright sweetie...anything else?" 
"Nah I'm fine...” I said.  I looked over at Ariana, who sat back, patiently waiting for her food. 
The waitress nodded and went over to the kitchen.  Ariana gazed at me, leaning inward on the table so she could get close to my face, 
"Well Ben...it's just you and me." She stated with a smirk, staring into my eyes.  I was happy to see her smiling again...in spite of all that happened. 
I returned the smile and repeated her words, "You and me..."
Ariana giggled and then leaned in further for a kiss, but the television in the upper left hand corner of the diner had turned on, where a sharply dressed news anchor began to speak:
This is just in!  The deal had been made at the U.N! I repeat, the deal has been made! The United States will now officially be part of the ONE WORLD, ONE HEART project!  The President of the U.S.A will officially sign over the collapsing American Government to the United Nations, and now our beautiful country will usher in a new era of peace and prosperity, right as we are taken out of the economic depression!  
I called to the waitress in the diner, "Hey Ma'am!"
She came up to us from the counter, and said "Oh, sorry for the delay sir...is there anything I can help you with?" 
I gestured to the TV screen, where the news anchor was still babbling on, "Why is the President signing over the government to the U.N? What happened to our country..?"
The waitress gave me a quizzical look, "What happened to our country? Weak leadership.  Idiotic economists.  The second collapse of Wall Street.  Whatever our country was, it’s now gone.  The U.N has been pushing for the United States to join the One World Government for a while now...all at the promise of economic prosperity. And now, it's finally complete." She remarked sadly. 
"And...what does that mean for us?" The people?" I asked with a growing sense of dread. 
The waitress turned her back to us and said, "It means we're on our own...the world will no longer be a safe place." with that, she took off and disappeared behind the counter. 
Ariana looked at me, with a slightly frightened look on her face, "Ben...are we really on our own?" She asked tentatively. 
I looked at her and put my hand on hers in a comforting manner.  Then I looked outside at the storm clouds that were beginning to form, and saw a ray of light pierce the darkness.  From that light, somehow I knew that The Creator, Zachariel, and Kira were watching over us.  
"No..." I said as I brought her hand up to my lips and kissed it, "We are not alone..."
END OF BOOK ONE
About The Author 
Tyler Craig Nixon was born in Tampa, Florida, and raised in Lakeland, where he currently lives with his family.  He has all sorts of hobbies, from sketching, to writing, and even some engineering projects.  Tyler is currently serving in the United States Navy. 
Author's Notes
First off, I would like to thank three of my closest friends, Stacin, Elizabeth, and Kassidee, for encouraging me to write this novel, and giving me their unwavering support.  I honestly could not have done it without your encouragement and creative input!
The concept for the story was in my head long before I even started writing it.  It wasn’t until I had reached a period of depression in my life that I discovered my favorite musician (Lindsey), and her music and shining personality had helped me get through it.  So in a way, this book is sort of a really long “Thank You” note, and “Ariana” is partially inspired by her.  I really hope you enjoyed the book, reader, and I also hope that you’re ready for more of Ariana and Ben in the future.  
P.S Apology to anybody happened to be named “Gretchen Granary”: That was a name that I had thought of off the top of my head when I was writing this, I deeply apologize if I had offended you, that was not my intent. 

Characters
The first character that I had created was Ariana.  She was heavily inspired by one of my favorite musicians, (yes, the ‘Lindsey” that this book is dedicated to) and by another book character, Leslie Burke, from one of my favorite novels of all time, Bridge to Terabithia.  I wanted an innocent, loving, and happy-go-lucky character that was relatable and whose point of view would be fun to read.  To this day, Ariana remains my favorite character that I have created. 
The second one was Benjamin Blake.  This character was inspired by two of my favorite video game characters (not going to mention names) and yet another book character.  Ben was meant to be a mostly sarcastic, humorous, and relatable character.  I did have a bit of a naming problem with him, (going through about ten different names such as Connor, Alex, etc.) until I finally settled on “Ben”.  Ironically, Benjamin Blake is also the name of a famous violinist, which is amusing considering that “Ariana” is the violinist in this novel, and Ben is not.  
Zachariel was the third character that I conceptualized.  I didn’t create him until I changed the original story idea.  Unlike Ariana and Ben, Zachariel (and Raziel) are more experienced and intelligent.  It was fun for me to give each of these characters a distinct personality. 
Raziel was the fourth character.  Mostly inspired by a character from a Japanese anime, I wanted him to be a secondary-antagonist turned good guy from the very start.  He was also meant to be the most mysterious of all four main characters. 
And finally, the most devious of all the characters is Aka Manah.  I’m not going to say too much about him; other than he is directly inspired by the Zoroastrian version, also named “Aka Manah” (meaning “evil mind” or “evil intent”.) 

Setting
The realm of New Eden is fictional.  It was a product of my own thinking, made to give the book a setting.  Originally, the book was called “Transcendence” and was about a person who died being led through the afterlife by an angel, and eventually the angel would fall in love with him.  I later scrapped the concept and revised it to be more complex, and with more characters, which is the final product that you have just read. 

Inspirations
You wouldn’t believe how many things this book is inspired by.  The list ranges from books, to movies, to Japanese (and some American) anime, to lots of other things.  The first and foremost inspiration is The Bible (although a lot of concepts in my book may possibly contradict its teachings).  I was really fascinated with the idea of writing a Bible-inspired book for a few years, especially the book of Revelation. 
The Soraphim are my own creation.  Originally, in the second concept, Ben was a surviving Nephilim, who could transform into a giant and smash stuff.  After realizing that this was too similar to the anime Attack on Titan, I scrapped the idea and introduced the Soraphim instead (not to be confused with “Seraphim”).  The word comes from the Japanese word “sora” meaning “sky”, and the word “phim” (I think it means “angel”, although I’m not entirely sure.) 
I hope you enjoyed the book, reader!  If you want to learn more, then visit the “Sky of Shadows” facebook page at  
  
 https://www.facebook.com/pages/Sky-of-Shadows/1431827820387693

Coming Soon: Book Two
Sky of Shadows:
A BROKEN WORLD

