Journey
by S. Labrecque

Published by Shawn Graham
Cover by Bonita Graham
Distributed by Smashwords

Copyright 2014 Serena Labrecque

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-soldor given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and didnot purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to your favorite ebook retailer and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Dedication

To Kiana, Shawn, Mommy, and Bonita, for making this whole thing possible and always being there to support me. I love you guys so much.


Table of Contents


Prologue
Chapter 1: Pain
Chapter 2: Raymond and Fletcher
Chapter 3: Archibald
Chapter 4: Fleeing Guem
Chapter 5: Enya
Chapter 6: Leaving Tayne
Chapter 7: Making Friends
Chapter 8: The Road to Laar
Chapter 9: The Secret Trails
Chapter 10: Mogami
Chapter 11: Betrayal
Chapter 12: Hunted
Chapter 13: The Road to the Mountain
Chapter 14: The Swamp
Chapter 15: Crocodiles and Assassins
Chapter 16: The Tunnels
Chapter 17: The Foresters
Chapter 18: Starling
Chapter 19: Lyre
Chapter 20: The Guild of Angels
Chapter 21: The Five Mystics of Angels
Chapter 22: The Resistance
Chapter 23: The Demonstration
Chapter 24: The Mountainside
Chapter 25: Orwen
Chapter 26: Reunion
Chapter 27: The End
Connect with Me
About the Author
Prologue

Elsa’s village in the Gorem forest was alive with life. A tiny field covered in flowers, bees, and dragonflies surrounded it, giving it an almost magical feeling. Children ran through the streets, grownups called friendly greetings to each other as they went about their business, and birds flew overhead.
Elsa walked the happy streets. Her straight blond hair floated freely about her shoulders in the breeze. She made her way beyond the houses and up a small dirt path on the side of the hill. The hill ended in a vertical cliff that overlooked the rest of the forest. From there she felt like she was watching the whole world go about its life. The tops of trees stretched on bellow her, only broken by the rolling hills in the distance. The mountains lined her vision to her right, left, and behind her. She could watch the birds and forest animals run and fly through the trees from her place on the cliff.
She heard the sound of the dirt path crunching beneath someone’s feet as they walked up behind her.
 “Honestly Elsie, it’s a lovely view and all, but you couldn’t have picked a place to hang out that’s a little easier to get to?” It was her best friend, Laura. They looked surprisingly alike, almost like sisters, except that Elsa was very light toned with blond hair, blue eyes, and pale skin while Laura was dark toned with black hair, brown eyes, and deeply tanned skin.
“If you don’t want to take the walk then stay at home and don’t come complaining to me,” Elsa said. “You had to climb the hill just to get to me to complain, and that defeats the purpose of complaining in the first place.”
“I wouldn’t have to come here to complain to you in the first place if you didn’t insist on disappearing up here,” Laura grumbled. Laura stopped a little behind Elsa. “What’s so attractive about this place anyway?” Elsa didn’t answer. “Elsa?” 
“The first one has been released,” Elsa said in a monotone.
 “Huh?” said Laura.
Elsa gave no sign of hearing her friend. Her unblinking gaze never left the view before her. “It shall be taken to the hero whose ancestors hid it. The one who has turned shall aid the one who has found, and they shall seek the one who still holds the secrets long forgotten.”
“What are you talking about?” Laura demanded.
 “To the place where it must be laid, fulfilling what others failed,” Elsa said.
Laura started backing up. “Right. Well, when you’re done being majorly creepy you can come tell me.”
Elsa’s voice dropped down to a whisper. “But stolen away, death in its wake.”
“It has begun.”


Chapter 1
Pain


Balance. That was Joyah Pain’s goal. She stood in the middle of the small martial arts studio and closed her eyes. She concentrated on the crystals. If she could focus her will through the crystals, she could achieve perfect balance. Then she could do practically any pose she wanted.
First she brought her foot up to rest on her knee, her opposite knee facing outward. She pressed her hands together in front of her chest gently, hard enough to create pressure but not hard enough to tire herself out. She didn’t wobble a bit. Stone steady. Concentrate, she thought. Then she moved her hands so they were pressed together above her head. She leaned forward so that her stomach was parallel to the ground and extended her leg out behind her. Her back formed a straight line. Her foot began to wobble. Concentrate, she told herself. Focus on the jewels! Slowly, very slowly, she arched her leg over her back. She was wobbling violently now. She tried to force herself to concentrate on the crystals. Even slower yet, she took one hand and started to move it back towards her ankle. Her knee was buckling.
“Come on,” she whispered. “Almost there.” Her hand moved towards her ankle, opening to grab it.
CRASH! Joyah hit the cold stone floor; almost knocking over the pedestal the held the delicate blue crystals.
Joyah lay on her back and groaned.
“I was so close!” she moaned. She looked up at the ceiling. The studio was very small, about the size of a large pavilion. It looked like a fancy pavilion, too. It was just one circular room with red bamboo poles for walls. The walls were lined with many large, glassless windows. The roof was made from long, flat bamboo poles bent so they formed a point at the top. There was a small hole at the top through which Joyah could see the blue sky.
Thunder rumbled. Joyah groaned again as gray clouds covered the patch of blue sky.
“Oh-no.” Joyah jumped up. She grabbed the thin blue crystals from the small tower she had formed with them on the pedestal. She ran over to a small bench on which sat a beautiful red silk box embroidered with gold dragons on the sides, and laid the crystals on the soft gold cushion inside. She closed it and tucked it beneath the bench. Then she ran over to a large lever on the wall and pulled it down. A contraption of ropes and pulleys above it moved, and a bamboo mat slid into place over the hole in the roof. Joyah ran out the front arch of the studio, down the stone steps, and past the dragon gargoyles that guarded the entrance as the rain started to come down.
 The rain was already turning the dirt roads of Joyah’s village to mud when she got back to her hut. The front sliding door was open. She walked into the hut dripping wet with mud covered feet. Her house was one of the bigger houses in the village. It had the usual mud-and-bamboo walls and straw roof, but it had three rooms, a back door, and a wood floor. It didn’t have doors connecting the rooms like Iglesa’s did (as Iglesa had pointed out a couple years before), just some arches, but Iglesa was the mayor’s daughter. She was bound to have a better house than Joyah. Joyah loved the hut anyway.
Auntie was in the room when Joyah entered. Auntie was the village healer. She was around fifty, but she was still as spry, and much more sharp-tongued, than the younger women. She had a little girl on her hip that Joyah did not recognize. The girl was bound to be a cousin of some sort. There were always cousins, and it seemed like new ones appeared randomly. Joyah memorized most of the multiple aunts and uncles, and that was all that was expected of her.
Auntie glanced up at Joyah.
“Joyah, go help the others bring the food in from outside. Our dinner will have to be eaten inside today.”
Joyah hurried to obey. The tiny backyard was full of adults and children who were all running to get the food inside. Someone handed Joyah a salad (whether he was a young uncle or an older cousin Joyah wasn’t sure) and she joined the line of people carrying things in. When everything was inside the children picked up the large soggy blanket that they had laid down to eat on and put it in a corner of one of the three rooms.
 Auntie looked at Joyah.
“Joyah, where are your boots?”
Joyah looked down at herself. She was wearing the outfit she often wore to the studio, a loose pink shirt with cap sleeves and red bell bottom pants, but her muddy feet were bare.
Joyah looked back up at Auntie.
“Um, I must have left them at the studio.”
Auntie shook her head.
“Those boots are new; you can’t leave them behind everywhere you go.”
“Sorry Auntie,” Joyah mumbled. Auntie sighed.
“You will have to go back for them tomorrow. For now go wipe your feet off on the mat in back, you’re tracking mud all over the house.”
The adults gathered around the table in the room with the front door. The children went into the back room to eat. The last room was off to the left. That was where they slept. Joyah knelt at the table with the adults next to Auntie. If someone had looked in at the adults and children, they would have never guessed that they were a family. Joyah sometimes wondered if they really all were, too. Only the children that were known to be siblings looked alike. Joyah and Auntie were the exception. They both had hair with loose, smooth curls that were so dark red they looked almost black. They also had the same thin, pale face, lean frame, and dark brown eyes. Besides their age their eyes were the biggest difference between the two. Joyah’s eyes were narrower and a little more almond shaped than Auntie’s.
When dinner was almost finished, Aunt Elena, a petite woman with long blond hair, spoke above the chatter of the table.
“I heard my Rick has completed his Journey and is now settling down in a large city.”
Joyah remembered Cousin Rick. He had left on his Journey a year ago when he turned seventeen. He had been friendly to her, but his mother wasn’t.
“That’s a laugh,” called another woman. “How could he settle in a city when he’s from such a small village?”
Aunt Elena spoke over the murmurs of agreement.
“Because my Rick has more talent than the average boy. He gets it from his parents.”
There was a snicker from most of the people at the table.
“You need to stop talking so much gossip,” said Aunt Tana.
“You’re just jealous because my children are doing so much doing better than yours,” Aunt Elena said.
“As soon as Tara gets her feet on the ground she’ll be doing quite well,” said Aunt Tana, sounding hurt.
“When pigs fly!” said Aunt Elena.
“With enough thrust pigs fly just fine,” Joyah spoke up. The people around the table cracked up. Aunt Elena gave Joyah an icy smile.
“Yes, our little Joyah is very witty.”
After a little bit Aunt Elena spoke to Joyah.
“How old are you, fourteen?”
“Fifteen.”
“Fifteen, really? Well, I’d say it’s around time for you to go on your Journey, isn’t it?”
Joyah put her chopsticks down and stared at the table.
“Don’t be ridiculous, Elena,” said Auntie, putting her arm around Joyah’s shoulders. “We go on our Journey when we’re sixteen or seventeen. Joyah’s still too young.”
“My eldest, Eleanor, went when she was fifteen,” Aunt Elena said.
“Yes, but Eleanor always had a very rebellious heart,” said Uncle Don. “And we all know what happened to her.”
Eleanor had taken a very dangerous path up the mountains and had fallen to her death. Not all the people that went on their Journey made it alive.
“Honestly, Elena,” said Aunt Tana. “Joyah’s still just a child. If she goes too early she might have the same fate as Eleanor.”
“And yet she sits at the table with the adults,” said Aunt Elena. “And I hear that she just got her first pair of boots, even though she’s not wearing them now. Not to mention all those times she’s taken on bandits. Why let her act as a grown up if she isn’t a proper adult? We all know you aren’t a proper adult in this family until you make the Journey.”
There was an awkward silence at the table.
“Is she not a member of this family?” asked Aunt Elena. “Oh, I know, it’s because she’s richer than my Eleanor was.”
Auntie stood.
“You shut your mouth right now, Elena! I will not have you speak about my niece this way!”
“Just because she is better off means that she is above the traditions of this family,” Aunt Elena scoffed. “I see how it is.”
Joyah stood suddenly. She mumbled something and excused herself from the table. She went into the sleeping room and sat down on her mattress in the corner. She did not want to go on her Journey. The thought of the danger she would undergo from traveling out alone did not scare her. She had gotten herself into enough fights and danger over the years to deal with that. It was just that she did not want to leave her home. She loved the hut filled with people and loud voices. She loved the quiet, elegant studio where she practiced martial arts. She loved the stream running near the town and she loved the forest. Most of all she loved the people, especially her Auntie and the few cousins that always lived there. For many of the children of the family, like Eleanor, the Journey was a chance for a new life, but that was not so for Joyah. The Journey would take her away from the people she loved.

That night the sleeping room was filled with cousins and a couple aunts and uncles. Aunt Elena had been thrown out. Auntie had been sure of that. She had personally “escorted” her to the door. Four small heads were propped up against Joyah. They were the four kids other than Joyah who had always lived in the small hut: Lily, Dan, Charlie, and Molly.
Joyah felt a tiny hand pull on her shoulder. She raised her head. She could see a little head with black curls in the darkness. It was Lily.
“I was listening to the grownups today,” whispered Lily. Moonlight shone off her canted eyes, making them glow in the darkness.
“That’s a conversation I wish you didn’t have to hear,” Joyah said, propping herself up on one elbow.
“Are you going to leave, Joyah?” whispered Lily with a voice that trembled.
“I hope not,” Joyah said.
“I don’t want you to go,” Lily said. Joyah sat up, careful not to wake the other children.
“I don’t want to go either. I love staying here with you.”
After a moment’s thought Joyah reached into the collar of her shirt and pulled out a plain gold ring on a small chain that she had been wearing around her neck. She took off the ring and handed it to Lily.
“Lily, you know I won’t always be here.”
Lily nodded.
“Well, this ring is very special to me. I’ve had it for as long as I remember. Now I’d like you to have it.”
“Why?” asked Lily.
“Because you are like a sister to me,” Joyah said softly. She meant every word with all her heart. “And when you wear this ring, it will remind you of me, and it will remind you that I’m always with you.” She patted the little girl’s chest. “In here.” Lily nodded again. Then she threw her arms around Joyah’s neck. Joyah held her close.

The next morning Joyah put on her brown breeches, loose white long-sleeved shirt, and a black form-fitting vest with a V neckline and headed out back to the studio to get her boots. The day had cleared from last night’s rain, but the road was still muddy. Joyah rolled up her breeches and started down the road.
  She was about halfway to the studio when she heard a voice call out, “Hey Pain!” Joyah stopped and sighed. She knew that voice. It was Iglesa May, the mayor’s daughter. Iglesa had hated Joyah ever since Joyah had sat on her back and rubbed her face into the ground when they were six. Joyah had hated her a lot longer.
Joyah turned and saw Iglesa standing in the doorway of the mayor’s house. She looked very elegant with her white dress and long blond hair.
“Well look at this, the goddess had come down to earth to wallow in the mud with the rest of us normal people,” Joyah called back. Iglesa smirked.
“You’re doing quite a bit of wallowing, Pain. Where are those boots you were so proud of?”
“I filled them with mud and put them above your doorway so when you step outside you’ll look like the rest of the people out here,” Joyah said.
“Very funny,” said Iglesa. “You know what I heard? I heard you’re going on that ridiculous trip you Pains force your kids to go on. What is it, the “Journey”? Please tell me it’s true, I’d love to get rid of you.” How’d she find out about that? Joyah wondered.
“No, sorry,” she said. “You’ll have to live with the disappointment.”  Iglesa gave a dramatic sigh.
“Oh well.” Her smile turned nasty and she leaned farther out the door. “You’ll have to leave some day, Pain, and when you do I hope you’ll meet the same fate as Eleanor. You may have fought off a few bandits, but there’s bound to be someone out there better than you.”
“Careful, May, any farther out and you’ll set off my trap,” Joyah said lightly. Iglesa jerked her head back in. She gave Joyah one last mean smile and slammed the door. Joyah smirked at the house and continued on her way.
When Joyah got to the studio she did her best to get the mud off her feet on the reed mat near the door, but it was a lost cause. She turned and looked back at the village. She sighed. How could she ever leave this village? It was her whole world, her home. How could she bring herself to say goodbye to the muddy streets and the crowded huts? How could she bring herself to tear her eyes from the faces around her, possibly for good? If that was what her Journey would bring her then she’d much rather stay a child forever.
Joyah’s eyes slowly were drawn from the huts up to the rolling hills covered with forest beyond it. She found herself wondering what else there could be beyond the hills. What life would be like outside of the town she grew up in? What new adventures would she find? She sighed, turned, and walked into the studio. The studio was just as she had left it. She soon spotted her boots lying on the floor near the bench that she had set the box of crystals on the day before. Joyah slipped them on. When she straitened she looked around the studio. She was almost finished with what the studio had to offer her. When she was done with that, what would she do? Was there more to learn somewhere else?
Joyah knew she should go back to help Auntie, but she couldn’t help walking reverently around the small room. The studio was for the public, but other than the woman Joyah had learned her first martial art from no one but Joyah used it. Assorted weaponry hung from the walls. Joyah’s hands hovered above her favorite sword. It was a katana, a sword with a long, slightly curved blade. It was built for dexterity rather than brute strength. It had a beautiful, shining steel blade and a small oval hand guard. Its grip was leather dyed to an elegant bright red. In the middle of the hand guard was a round red crystal.
Joyah’s hand was just resting on the hilt when she felt someone tugging on her pants leg. A young voice yelled, “Joyah, Joyah!”  She looked down to see a dirty and scared looking boy who apparently knew her name. Maybe he was a cousin.
“What is it?” she asked.
The boy babbled so fast she could hardly understand him.
“It’s Suzy we were playing by the bridge and the water was so high we thought we could touch it and then Suzy slipped and she can’t get back up and-” Joyah was gone before the boy had finished his sentence.
The “bridge” the little boy was talking about was really a large tree that had fallen across the water. The children liked to play on it when the water was low. As Joyah neared the river, she could tell from the sound of rushing water that the river was not low.
She didn’t have to go too far into the forest to find the bank of the river. The roots of the fallen tree shot up into the air on her left as she looked at the rushing brown water. All the rain had made the calm stream rise up onto its banks until it was almost like rapids. The bridge was wet from the high water. It was a miracle either of the children could have climbed on it at all. And there, hanging off of it and clinging to the bridge for dear life, was a little girl barely over seven. She was screaming her head off. As Joyah watched she slipped a little closer to the raging water.
“Just hold on!” Joyah yelled. It was a pretty stupid thing to yell considering that was exactly what the little girl was doing and there was no way for her to hear Joyah anyway, but that wasn’t exactly what she was thinking about at that moment. Joyah looked around wildly. If she climbed the bridge she would most likely end up in the water herself. Even if she did get to the girl, if she took her arms off the trunk she would fall in. Instead she ran over to a long vine. What most people who don’t live in a forest village don’t know is that vines are actually very stiff. She would have never gotten it off if she had not forgotten to put the sword down when she ran out of the studio. She chopped the vine partly off the tree before sticking the point of the sword into the ground. She could wait for a rescue party, but by the time they got there it would be too late.  Joyah didn’t hesitate. She held the other end of the vine in her fist and climbed onto the bridge.
She lay flat on the tree with her arms and legs hugging it. Then she inched forward over the slippery bark. When she was close enough to the girl, she took both arms off the trunk and wrapped them around her waist, allowing them both to fall into the water.
For a moment Joyah’s world was whirling brown water tossing her about. The water was freezing cold. Her head broke the surface and she caught a glimpse of the forest trees. Then she was pushed under again. Do something, idiot! She mentally yelled at herself. Or was your plan to drown yourself in the river!? She kicked her feet and broke the surface. The little girl was holding tight to Joyah and screaming wildly. Joyah struggled to keep them both above the surface. The vine tugged in her hand. As the river pulled them, the vine swung them towards shore. It was working! All she needed to do was hold on and keep above the water until they hit shore. Easier said than done.
Then the vine shuddered. Joyah whipped her head around and looked up at the tree it was attached to. To her horror she saw the vine slowly start popping off the tree. Oh tā māde! Joyah held tight and prayed it would hold long enough. Almost there, a little farther! Joyah tried not to think of the last time she had told herself that. The vine popped off the first branch. The shore was only a couple arms lengths away. Joyah was tracing the vine to find the end of it. It was not that far away. The shore was only a couple feet away. The vine was almost off. She could almost reach out and touch the shore, but it was still too far away to properly grab before the current dragged them down stream. There was not enough time. Her foot struck something hard. She looked back. A large rock was sticking out of the water behind her. It would be a close thing, but maybe she could make it. Joyah took a deep breath, and let go of the vine.
Joyah was pushed up against the rock. She hooked one arm over the top and pulled herself up onto its slippery surface. The water still yanked at her ankles, threatening to pull her off, but the rest of her was out. She shifted the little girl in her arms to make it easier to carry her. It would be a close thing, but there was nothing she could do about it now. Joyah took a deep breath, crouched, and sprang towards the shore. She did not quite make it. Her body above the waist hit dry land, but her legs trailed in the water. Joyah grabbed a root of a tree near her for anchorage and shoved the little girl onto the shore. Then Joyah pulled herself up after her. They sat on the bank, breathing heavily.
 Joyah heard the sounds of people coming through the woods behind her. She stood and turned to see a group of adults carrying ropes and nets. The little girl jumped up.
“Mommy!”
One of the women dropped to her knees and folded the girl into her arms. They both were crying.
“My baby,” sobbed the woman. “Thank goodness you’re safe!”
A large man that Joyah had seen around town nodded at her.
“Good work, Joyah. You’ve saved the day again.”
Joyah nodded. There was not much to say. The man turned to the rest of the group.
“All right, the girl’s safe. Let’s go back to town and get her warmed up.”
The mother of the girl stood, holding the child in her arms.
“Thank you for saving my daughter,” she said to Joyah. Joyah nodded wearily again.
“It’s nothing, really.”
As the group fussed around the girl and her mother, Joyah went over to the sword she had taken from the studio and picked it up. It glittered in the sunlight. It was not the only thing glittering in the sun, though. Something red was shining on the bank of the river. Joyah stooped to pick it up. She caught her breath. In her hand was a large red crystal. It was a little longer than her palm and a little less wide. It looked like it has already been cut for something, a necklace or crown perhaps. It was the most beautiful thing Joyah had ever seen. Its red depths looked as vast as an ocean. It flamed in the sun. It held mystery and an almost magical sense around it, which was ridiculous since magic was a lost art. But still, Joyah had the feeling that it was something ancient and special. Joyah slipped it in her pocket, vowing to herself that she would find out what it was, and went to rejoin the group.
 The group led her back to town. Joyah was muddy, wet, and exhausted. When they got back to town she allowed Auntie to lead her through the streets and back to their hut.
As she passed the mayor’s house Iglesa sneered, “Yes, Pain’s so brave. The little hero of our little village, whatever would we do without her?”
Joyah didn’t answer. It wasn’t worth it. She had bigger riddles and problems than to quarrel with Iglesa.
Auntie made her change out of her wet outfit while she made her warm soup. She didn’t bother to scold her or try to convince her to “next time leave the rescuing to the adults.” It was not worth it. Since Joyah only had her normal clothes, her night dress, and her outfit for training in the studio, she had to wear her studio clothes while her normal clothes dried. The cousins crowded around her asking her to tell them all about her heroic rescue, and people came and went thanking her for saving the little girl. Joyah told the cousins the tale, making it seem exciting to interest them, and shrugged and said it was her pleasure to help when people thanked her. But Joyah’s mind was somewhere else. Auntie was the only one who noticed. She eventually made the cousins go do something else.
That night Joyah sat at the kitchen table by candle light, fingering the sword she had accidentally stolen from the studio. Auntie came in holding a lantern and sat down in a chair beside her.
“Don’t sit in the dark with only a candle unless you want to go blind before you reach forty.”
Joyah nodded absently. She’d heard that before. Auntie sighed.
“Joyah, what’s on your mind?”
“I think I want to go on my Journey,” Joyah said. Auntie folded her hands in front of her on the table.
“I thought you didn’t want to.”
“I don’t,” Joyah said. “That was bad phrasing. I guess, I feel like it’s time I went on my Journey.” Auntie nodded slowly.
“What brought such a change in mind? I hope it wasn’t Aunt Elena. Everyone knows she’s a selfish gossip.”
Joyah shook her head.
 “No. I just got this feeling today. I was wondering what life could be like outside this little village. How I would fare in the cities, and what more I could advance in my studies from the books in the big libraries. And then today, when I saved that girl, I…” she hesitated before reaching into her pocket. “I found this in the river.”
Joyah drew out the stone. Auntie gave a small gasp. She put her hand under Joyah’s, drawing it closer to the light.
“You say you found this in the river?”
Joyah nodded. “Yeah. Do you know what it is?”
“No,” said Auntie. “But it’s more than a large and expensive crystal. I can tell that by just looking at it.”
Joyah hesitated before asking her next question. It was a stupid question, but she had to check.
“Auntie, magic is a lost art, right?”
Auntie nodded. “Yes. There has been no one who has practiced it for hundreds of years. All the books were either accidentally burnt or so badly damaged that they were unusable, and the magic relics were all lost or broken. All the magical creatures went extinct.”
That was what she had expected.
“I want to find out what this is, in the libraries of a city,” said Joyah.
Auntie closed her eyes almost sorrowfully for a moment. Then she stood and took her niece’s hand, leading her outside. She gazed up at the stars.
“When I was around your age my mother told me something that our family used to always tell our children. She said, ‘Don’t go on the Journey until you feel deep down that you are truly called somewhere else. You and you alone will know when it is time.’ In the past century the Journey has become something that we force our children into doing. But it used to be something that we felt we must do at some time in our lives.”
She looked at Joyah very seriously.
“Joyah, do you truly feel that it is time for your Journey?”
Joyah returned her gaze.
“Yes. It is time.”
Auntie nodded.
“Then you must leave in the morning. I will pack you a bag. For now, get some rest. You will need your strength. We don’t know when you will have completed your Journey until you do.”

Joyah stood in front of her hut, taking one last look at the village she grew up in. Maybe her Journey would be something small and quick. Maybe she would see everything here again soon. She really hoped so.
Auntie was checking her bag. “You have an extra set of clothes donated by the tailor for saving her daughter, some food, money, a dagger, medical supplies, and basic camping supplies. Is there anything else you need?”
Joyah shook her head. “No, I think that’s it.”
Various sad looking aunts, uncles, and cousins stood to one side. Joyah turned to the four children who had always been with her, her heart breaking. She dropped to her knees and held her arms out to them. They ran into her embrace tearfully.
“I’m going to miss you, Joyah,” Lily whimpered. Joyah held them all close as if they’d disappear once she let go. In some ways they would.
 “I’m going to miss you too, every day. But you know I’ll always think of you, and I’ll never truly leave you.” Joyah drew back. “Besides, this isn’t really good-bye. I won’t be gone forever.”
 “But what if you don’t come back?” Dan said. “Eleanor never did.”
“I’m not like Eleanor,” Joyah told him. “I know more, and I know this is the time for me. Eleanor didn’t. I’m going to make it, because I’m too stubborn and you all love me too much.” She hugged them again. “Good-bye for now.”
“Good-bye,” they sniffled.
Joyah stood and turned to Auntie.
“Are you going to be traveling alone or in a caravan?” Auntie asked her.
“Of course she’s going alone!” Aunt Elena piped up. “No one has ever gone in a group before!” Auntie turned a cold gaze to Aunt Elena.
“There have been others who went with groups or on wagons before we began to force our children to leave before they’re ready. And I thought that I made myself perfectly clear that you weren’t welcome to my Joyah’s departure.” Aunt Elena stood there for a moment. “Leave!” barked Auntie. Aunt Elena scurried away. Auntie sighed and turned back to Joyah. “Well?” Joyah thought for a moment, but not for long. She could feel the trees and road calling her, beckoning her onward.
“I’ll go alone on foot, at least for now.”
 Auntie nodded. “All right then. You’d best be going.”
Auntie handed Joyah her backpack. Joyah threw her arms around Aunties neck.
“Good-bye, Auntie,” she whispered, fighting tears. “I’ll miss you.”
“I’ll miss you too, dear,” Auntie whispered. “I will miss you with all my heart.” With that Joyah turned and walked off down the main road. People waved good-bye. Some of the women waved handkerchiefs. As she passed through town, people called out parting farewells. Joyah felt like she was in some sort of dream. She did not even react when Iglesa taunted her and yelled out a, “Good riddance!” Joyah left the town and started down the long dirt road. As her first foot falls on the road fell, she thought, I’m on my Journey. It has begun.
Auntie stood where she was, staring off after Joyah with silent tears rolling down her cheeks long after Joyah was out of her sight.


Chapter 2
Raymond and Fletcher


Three days later Joyah walked through the large stone gates of the nearest city, Guem. Joyah had never seen so much stone in a building before, or so many people. She joined the throng of people going in and out of the iron gates. If Joyah thought the gates were impressive, she was completely unprepared for what lay inside. Joyah stopped and gasped.
Stone buildings lined the streets. The smallest ones had two floors. Two whole floors! On the smallest buildings! The buildings got more and more extravagant until the middle of the town where the town hall and personal mansions of the rich people were. The streets were lined with stalls and merchant’s tents. Merchants and vendors were shouting and waving their products around, people were chatting, and the smell of cooked food and horse manure filled the air.
Joyah came to the realization that the people were trying to push her out of the way since she had come to a stop in the middle of the road. The people were finding it a surprisingly hard task considering she was just a girl in clothes dirty from travel. But she seemed as solid as a rock, and it would take a purposeful shove with both hands to knock her over. They all just gave up and walked around her after an elbow failed. Besides, the girl had the handle of a sword sticking out from under her backpack.
Joyah started walking down the road. It was actually cobblestone instead of dirt! She looked around her as much as she could, at the people and the vendors and the different goods, soaking it all in. It was so much, so new! A vender waved a fur in her face, but she just ducked under his arm and kept right on walking. There was only one stall she wanted to find, she decided, before she found a place to sleep.
She found that stall farther down the road. There was a man dressed in fine black clothes. He had jewelry made with fine stones and gems spread out on a silk cloth on a table. Above him an orange tarp was being held up by four wooden poles.
“Excuse me, I was wondering if you could help me,” Joyah said politely.
The man smiled at her. “What is it you want, little girl? Do you wish to buy some jewelry?”
“No, actually,” Joyah said, leaning close. “You see,” she whispered. “I’ve found a large crystal in the river near my village, and it looks important. I was wondering if you could possibly identify it.”
“Well of course,” said the man. “Let me see it.”
“No, you don’t understand. It’s a really big crystal. I don’t want someone else to see it.”
“Of course,” whispered the man, leaning close. He handed her a cloth. “Cover the back with this so that I’m the only one who can see it.” Joyah took the red crystal from her pocket and put the cloth on its back. She showed it to the man.
“Do you recognize it?”
“Hmm,” said the man. “It seems familiar, but I can’t place it. Maybe if you give it to me, Miss, I could take it back to my store and look it up in one of my books.”
“No,” said Joyah, bringing it to her chest. “It stays with me.”
“But of course,” said the man. “I would not expect a reasonable lady like yourself to part with such a crystal. How about you come with me to my store, then we can find out a little more about it.” Joyah shrugged.
“Okay.”
“Hey, Jo,” the jeweler  said to one of the men helping him in the stall. “I’m taking this young lady to my store. She has a special jewel we need to look up. Run this stall until I get back.”
“Of course,” said Jo. The jeweler bowed to Joyah and gestured for her to come around the table.
“This way please, Miss.”
Joyah followed the man around the table. They went through a little alley behind it into a side street. Then they went into a longer, wider alley.
“How far is it to your store?” Joyah asked.
“Just around this corner,” the man called over his shoulder.
Joyah began to lag behind. Something was not right. The man seemed too eager, too hurried, and too nervous. Plus, this did not look like the part of town that a respectable jeweler would build a jewelry shop in. Even she knew that. She stopped.
 “You know, maybe I should just go back to the library.” She began to turn away. “It would be easier to-”
Suddenly, a man dressed completely in black dropped down from the top of one of the buildings, blocking her path back to the road. The hood of his coat was pulled up to hide his face. Black dressed figures landed all around her, surrounding her. Joyah instinctively dropped into a crouch, her eyes darting around. These were not just everyday thugs; she could tell that by the way they moved with the strength and grace of people trained in fighting and the confidence of people used to killing. Joyah reached for her sword, but she could not get to it before the figures had all drawn their swords and had them pointing her way.
“Give us the jewel,” the jeweler growled.
“No,” said Joyah, her voice steady.
“Give it to us now and you can walk away,” the jeweler said. By the way the men looked it seemed like they would sooner wear a fluffy pink dress then really let a witness walk away alive.
“Over my dead body,” Joyah said in a soft, dangerous voice.
“So be it,” the jeweler answered in the same tone.
Joyah struck out at the first man, catching him momentarily off guard. She struck like a snake, using the crystal as a weapon to crush the man’s windpipe. She dropped again as a knife came whistling through the air at her. It missed her by inches, but there was no time to think about it. She was under attack from all sides. Her forearm came up in a block to a well-aimed punch, brushing it off to one side. At the same time she spun and swept her foot around in a sweep kick, not even completely finishing the move before she was dodging swords that were stabbing at her back. She rolled to one side to avoid being pin-cushioned, and leaped to her feet again to avoid more swords.
Joyah struck out with her hands and feet while she twisted and turned to avoid being stabbed by skilled swordsmen. But there were five of them and one of her, and she was unarmed. Everywhere she turned there was a new threat. A well-placed elbow connected with her nose, and the handle of a sword bounced off her shoulder. A sword came from nowhere, and since she was dodging three other swords at the exact same time there was nothing she could do but snap her arm up into a block for punches to keep it from hitting her head. She somehow deflected the flat of the blade to the side. The handle turned out to be sharper than she expected and traced a cut from her wrist to elbow. This was only a matter on time.
Suddenly someone came flying into the circle of men.
“Here!” a voice yelled to her. A sword was tossed to her. She caught its hilt. The person pulled her sword from its sheath as he passed by, and then stood back-to-back with her.
“Bring it,” she told the men facing her.
Joyah was a whirlwind unarmed, but with the sword she was better. She took on three at once as her helper fought the remaining two. She parried the swords coming her way, and then she counter attacked. Some people used brute strength to hammer blows on their opponents, but Joyah’s strokes were full of grace. They formed beautiful lines after hours upon hours in the studio. The last man she faced was the treacherous jeweler.
Joyah swiped her sword across his chest, sending something he had been wearing around his neck flying. He lunged in, planning to catch her while she was off balance. But Joyah had recovered faster than he had anticipated and sidestepped. She brought the hilt of her sword up as he came in. It connected with his forehead, and he dropped like a stone. With all of her side taken out, she turned to deal with the other side. Joyah was surprised to find that her helper was successfully holding off his opponents, and they even bore marks from his sword.
Joyah and her helper finished them off quickly. Joyah knelt by the pendant that she had cut off the jeweler. It was a black square the size of her palm with a symbol of a white thorny vine loosely winding around itself.
Joyah looked up at her helper. He was a boy who seemed around her age and size. He had short black hair that got longer and stuck up when it got towards his forehead, pale skin, and chocolate brown, olive shaped eyes. She could tell from his clothes that he came from a higher class family. He was holding her sword in one hand and had an incredulous look on his face.
“Are you crazy?” he asked. “Don’t you know any better than to go waving that around?!” He gestured to the crystal Joyah was still holding in her hand.
“I didn’t go ‘waving it around,’” she snapped. “I was showing it to a jeweler for help identifying it. I was trying to keep it hidden from people who might steal it, which is impressive that I knew to do that since where I come from people don’t just attack one another for crystals. It obviously didn’t work since you saw it. How did you see it?”
“I was in the stall next to the jeweler’s,” he said. “I got a lucky glimpse of it. Then I saw you follow him to here. It’s lucky I did, too. You wouldn’t have held out much longer. It’s actually incredible you held them out this long.”
“There was a martial arts studio where I came from,” she said dismissively. “Do you recognize this?”
She held out the pendant. He peered at it.
“No, I don’t.” He walked over to the first man Joyah had struck down. “I recognize him, though. He’s part of the River Boys. A bunch of these guys are.”
“Who are the river boys?” Joyah asked.
“A big street gang,” the boy said. “No one knows why they picked that name, since there’s no river around here. Anyway, they’re a bunch of thugs. I have no idea how they got so good at fighting like that.” The boy looked at the hand in which Joyah held the red crystal. “You’re bleeding.”
 Joyah looked down. The cut from blocking a sword with her arm was dripping blood. She raised it horizontally so it didn’t drip onto the crystal.
“Oh, yeah, I am.”
“Doesn’t it hurt?” asked the boy. Joyah shrugged.
“I’ve had worse.” Joyah set down her pack and opened it. She was careful not to drip blood on it. She took out a bandage and wrapped it around her forearm. She did not do a very good job of it, seeing that she could only use one arm.
The boy sighed and squatted to help her tie it.
“You might as well come to my house to get this cleaned and properly bandaged.”
 Joyah gave him a wary look.
“The last person who helped me tried to kill me.”
“Well, considering I just saved your life I think you can trust me,” he said.
“Or you could have saved my life to gain my trust so you could take the crystal yourself,” Joyah pointed out.
The boy rolled his eyes.
“One minute you’re overly trusting and the next you’re paranoid. Make up your mind!” The boy stood up and slung Joyah’s pack over his shoulder. Then he started walking away.
“Where do you think you’re going?” Joyah asked. He glanced over his shoulder.
“Home. And you’re coming with me.” He kept walking. Joyah sighed and jogged to catch up.
“You know,” Joyah said as they walked side by side. “I don’t even know your name.”
“I’m Jeffery,” he said. “Jeffery Raymond, though you can call me Jeff. Everyone else does. What’s yours?”
“I’m Joyah Pain.”

Jeff’s house was in the middle-to-large range for the city, but to Joyah it was huge. Her idea of a large house had been six rooms, a wood floor, and a door for each room. Jeff’s house had big double doors and stone steps leading up. It had two floors and many, many rooms. It was made from gray stone with slate roofing. The windows actually had glass, and they each had a curtain that could be drawn across to hide the room inside.
Jeffery pushed open one of the doors and walked in. Joyah followed. The room beyond had a grand staircase with a blue carpet and shining wood railings. The floor was marble, and the walls were painted white. A crystal chandelier hung from the ceiling. Joyah stared all around, her eyes eating up every bit of the room.
“I bet you’ve never seen house like this, huh?” said Jeff, closing the door behind them.
“Well, I’ve got to say my ideas of big and wealthy just went up a lot,” she said.
“Jeffery?” called a woman’s voice. Joyah looked up to see an elegant lady coming down the stairway, one dainty hand resting on the railing. She had jet black hair, like Jeff’s, but hers fell in curls around her shoulders. Her blue qipao was plain by the higher class’s standards, but to Joyah it was gorgeous. It looked like it was made of silk.
“Hello, mother,” said Jeff. “I brought a friend. This is Joyah Pain.”
“It’s a pleasure to meet you,” Jeffery’s mother said. “I am Mrs. Raymond.”
She had reached the end of the staircase and was walking across the floor towards them. Then she stopped.
“You’re hurt. What happened?”
“She was jumped by some of the River Boys and a bunch of other men,” Jeffery told her.
“Here, come with me,” his mother said, holding her hand out to Joyah. Joyah went over to her. The woman put her hand on the girl’s back and propelled her to a wooden door to the left of the stairs. They went down a couple of hallways until they got to a white room. There were cabinets lining the walls and white counters underneath them. A ceramic jar held needles for acupuncture. A mattress covered in white sheets rested on an odd wooden frame. Joyah had heard about something like it from Iglesa; it was called a “bed.”
“Sit here,” Jeffery’s mother said, gesturing to the bed. Joyah sat down tentatively on the bed. The mattress was the softest thing she had ever felt. It cushioned her until she felt like she would fall into it and disappear forever. Jeff’s mother went over to a cabinet and rummaged around in it. Jeff, who was still holding Joyah’s sword, leaned on the doorframe.
“Tell me what happened,” Jeff’s mother said as she pulled out bandages. So, they told her about the jeweler and the fight in the alleyway as she cleaned and re-bandaged Joyah’s arm.
When they were finished she thought for a moment.
“That is the crystal they wanted?” she asked. Joyah nodded and held up the crystal, which she still had not let go of, so that the woman could get a good look at it. “Hmm,” she said. “That is a big crystal. You say you found this in the river?” Joyah nodded. “Well,” Mrs. Raymond continued. “It’s obviously something special. I’ve never seen it before, but it seems like something come straight out of an old legend.”
“I was going to go to the library to look it up,” said Joyah.
“You can stay with us here tonight and go there tomorrow if you’d like,” Mrs. Raymond offered. “And I’ll contact your father right away and have him go to the alley with his men,” she told Jeff. He nodded.
“My father’s the Constable of the town, head of the police force,” he explained to Joyah. His mother held her hand out to Joyah again.
“Come, let’s get you something less dirty to wear.”

After taking a warm bath and changing into clean clothes, Joyah wandered the house. She had on a beautiful silk qipao that used to belong to Mrs. Raymond. It was red and decorated with golden dragons. Her red hair was held in a bun with two dainty wooden sticks decorated with red jewels. She suspected they were fake, but it didn’t matter. Joyah had never worn something so fancy in her life, and she found herself loving it.
The house was very large. The hallways were all white with the occasional painting or tapestry. The floors were all polished wood. Joyah found two other staircases, but none as big as the grand one in the first room. She stayed on the first floor anyway. The doors all slid, and they seemed to be made out of paper. This was not new to Joyah, since that was what the front door of her house was made of, but these doors were colorful instead of plain brown. Candles were spaced along the walls in holders to light the way. Joyah passed a couple maids who were lighting them as she wandered. They all curtsied to her as she passed, which made her blush. After conversing with one of them she figured out that there were five maids, a cook, a grounds keeper, and a butler. She discovered that a butler was a manservant who answered the door when someone knocked.
As Joyah passed by one room with a double sliding door she heard voices drifting out. She stopped.
“… really amazing, mother. Probably wouldn’t have needed me if she’d been able to get to her sword in time. And she isn’t even formally trained.”
“Imagine what she could do if she was.”
Joyah walked quietly away from the door. She did not want to eavesdrop, especially after they had been so nice to her. Eventually she wandered into the kitchen. It was warmer there, and it had a cheery look to it. She blinked in the sudden yellow light that filled the room. It was a stark contrast from the dim, quiet hallways.
The cook, a skinny, sweaty man with receding white hair, was busy preparing a meal. A young maid was helping him, and she did not look happy about the arrangement. The cook glanced up when Joyah came in.
“If you’re lookin’ for snacks like that boy does you can just turn right around, you won’t get any here. And you’d better stay out of the way or you’ll be feeling my ladle on your skull.”
“I’m just exploring,” Joyah said coolly.
“Then explore somewhere else and keep out of the kitchen,” the cook retorted. He absorbed himself in his cooking again. The maid hustled over to Joyah.
“Sorry about the cook, ma’am, he can be dreadful around meal times,” she said. “If I were to pick any people to work under it’d be kind folks like the Raymonds, but the kitchen is not a place I’d like to be. But we gotta take shifts here. If I were you, I’d go out back.” She gestured with her head to a wooden door that looked like it led outside. “It’s especially beautiful this time of night.”
“Thank you,” Joyah said. The maid nodded and went back to work.
Joyah pushed open the door and stepped out into the cool night air. To her right was a garden surrounded by a plain fence. It had vegetables and an occasional fruit plant. She assumed that was for the meals. In front of her was a large, grassy yard. A cobblestone path led down a slight hill. At the bottom was flat ground. Taking up most of the space was a beautiful garden. The path wound around through the flowers, flowering trees, and a couple stone benches. In the center was a marble fountain with a stone owl on top. Fireflies danced throughout all of it. Joyah sat on a stone bench at the top of the hill, overlooking the garden.
She heard the soft fall of footsteps. Joyah looked up to see Jeff walking towards her. He paused when she looked up.
“I was being quiet. You don’t miss much, do you?” Joyah shook her head and looked back across the lawn.
“When you’re living in a small village it helps to be able to hear the soft footfalls of a deer.”
Jeff sat down next to her. She noticed he was still holding her sword.
“This is yours, by the way,” he said, holding the blade in his hands. “It’s a very nice sword. A katana, right?”
“Yes,” she said. “I accidentally stole it from the martial arts studio in my village. It was the best one there.”
“It’s a little weird, having this sword in a small village,” he said. “This looks like it would come from a master craftsmen in a city like this one.”
“Hmm. Must have come with the person who built the studio,” she guessed. Jeff handed back her katana.
“You know, with some actual training you could be pretty scary.”
“I thought I already was pretty scary,” she said.
“Well, you are amazing,” Jeff said. “But I noticed when you fight you don’t actually do a move beyond one of the basic steps. You sort-of make things up as you go.”
“Huh?”
“When you do a move you’re just building upon what you already know,” Jeff explained. “You’re one of the best swordsmen I’ve ever seen, but other people know a wider range of moves. If you learned some more advanced moves, then you could build on them…”
“And I’d be even better,” Joyah concluded.
“Exactly,” Jeff said. Joyah absently tested the edge of her sword.
“So, who would train me? I won’t be here much longer.”
Jeff raised an eyebrow.
“And you can tell how...?”
“I’m on my Journey.”
“You’re on a journey?”
“No. Not a journey, my Journey.”
Jeff blinked, took a moment to absorb it, and seemed to take it in stride.
“Right, okay.”
“So, who’s here who would train me?” Joyah asked again.
“Well…” Jeff seemed a little awkward. “I could.”
Joyah raised her eyebrows. “You?”
Jeff shrugged. “Well, yeah.”
Joyah studied him for a moment, making him seem a little uncomfortable.
“How good are you?” she asked.
“I’m not as good as you, but my father says I’m better than most men in his watch.”
Joyah stood. “All right, you got a sword with you?” Jeff stood.
“You want to duel me?”
Joyah shrugged. “Why not?”
“Umm, you’re wearing a dress.”
“It has a slit down the side of the skirt,” Joyah said, gesturing to it. “It won’t interfere with my footing.” Jeff raised an eyebrow. She put her hands on her hips. “Oh don’t give me that look, I’ll be fine!”
 Joyah looked at Jeff’s sword as he drew it. It was a different style than hers, but she could tell it was a good one. Its blade was straight, unlike her katana’s curved one, and the hand guards were long and thin. Black leather covered the grip and the hand guards. It was the plainest blade she had seen a higher classman wear, but it seemed to suit him.
They faced each other. Their swords were at the ready, waiting for the other person to make the first move. Joyah suddenly gave a lightning lunge. Jeff brought his sword up in a parry just in time. Then he made his own lunge. Joyah deflected it so it went high and drove towards his exposed chest. Jeff danced aside and came down on the hilt of her katana. Joyah drew her sword away before he made contact and slashed across his chest. He stepped back just in time to avoid the tip of her sword. Joyah pressed in and struck again. Again Jeff parried.
Their moves almost seemed like a dance, with Joyah making most of the forward movements and Jeff giving her more of a contest than anyone she had fought, minus the men in the alley. (But there had been five of them, so they didn’t count). Finally they both stepped back. It had lasted less than a minute.
“You’re impressive,” said Joyah, giving him a salute with her sword.
“You’re better,” Jeff said, mirroring her.
  Joyah stuck the tip of her katana in the ground and rested her hands on the hilt.
“Alright, I’ll learn from you, but there’s no way in the abyss I’m calling you master.”
Jeff grinned. “I don’t know, that has a nice ring to it.”
Joyah kicked a clump of dirt at him, but she couldn’t keep a grin off her face.
“Shut up.”

The sun was bright overhead. Joyah sat on the steps of the Raymond household. She was wearing the clothes she had worn from her village again; her white collared shirt, brown breeches, and black vest.  Her sword was at her hip, the gem was in her pocket, and her red hair was free around her shoulders. She closed her eyes and leaned her face up to the warm sun.
“Bye, mom!” Jeff stepped out the door behind her and shut it himself, ignoring the annoyed-looking butler who had been standing by to close it behind him. He had on a white shirt, light blue tunic, and black breeches. He also had his sword at his hip, just in case that gang got any more ideas.
“You ready to go?” Jeff asked her.
“I was ready before you were,” she said. Jeff rolled his eyes.
“Alright, let’s go.”
They started off down the cobblestone street through the crowd. Jeff led Joyah confidently through the streets. He weaved expertly through the crowd, right at home. He also ran an on-going commentary.
“That’s Mr. Green, the best baker in town. He gives small pastries to the little school children every Wednesday. Miss Julia should be over by that fountain, she’s usually there this time of day, ah there she is. She sells perfumes, but don’t listen to a word of news she tells you. She’s a gossip. Uh-oh, that old woman sitting on that porch is Mrs. Tania. The children call her the Old Witch because she’s so mean, let’s cross the street. Over there sitting on the curb is Ferdinand.” He pointed to an old bald man waving his arms as he yelled to passers-by. “He’s a nice man, though a little crazy. He’s blind and nearly deaf.”
“Does he have anyone to take care of him?” Joyah asked.
“Yeah, his niece,” Jeff said. “But he likes to wander by himself. His niece is one of the best healers in the city, which is why the gangs haven’t mugged him.”
“Even evil men and fools need healers,” Joyah agreed.
“Hello Mr. Ferdinand!” Jeff called across the street. Mr. Ferdinand peered across the street with two blind eyes.
“Jeffery, is that you my boy? So good to see you!”
Jeff tugged on Joyah’s sleeve. “Come on, let’s go say hello.” They weaved through the crowd of people in the street until they were standing in front of Ferdinand. “Mr. Ferdinand, this is my friend, Joyah,” said Jeff.
 Ferdinand reached out his hand, and Joyah put hers in it.
“Good day, nice to meet you,” the old man said. “A friend of Jeffery’s is a friend of mine. Except for that Denton boy, he smelled.”
Jeff tried, and failed, to suppress a smile. It did not really matter since the man was blind.
“Yes, I remember you making that quite clear.”
“And it was a good thing, too!” said the man, waving a finger. “It would have spread to the bees. We must protect the bees.” Ferdinand sniffed. He waved a finger to where he assumed Joyah was standing, which was a couple feet to the right of her. “You don’t smell bad, though. I’d say you smell like lilacs. That’s very good for the dragonflies.”
“Thank you, sir,” said Joyah, raising her eyebrows at Jeff.  Jeff just grinned and shrugged.
“Well, we’ve got to be going, sir,” Jeff told the man. “I’m taking Joyah to the library.” Ferdinand nodded enthusiastically.
“Yes, yes! Be on your way, I wouldn’t want to make you late. Stop by and talk to me again sometime, though. I do enjoy talking to you polite kids.”
“We will, good-bye, Mr. Ferdinand,” said Jeff. Then he led Joyah off as Ferdinand started waving his arms at some pedestrians, shouting something about the color purple and mice.
“Is everyone here that… interesting?” Joyah asked.
“No,” Jeff said. “But this is a city, so you get a couple odd people. Ferdinand is nice, but you’ve got to learn who you should av-”
“Hey, Raymond!” It was a man’s voice. Jeff sighed. He turned to look across the street. Joyah followed his gaze. A bunch of young men were sitting on some wood crates outside a store. They all looked like a bunch of thugs, with only a little hair, burly arms, and shirts that showed off their muscle.
“What do you want, Julius?” Jeff snapped.
“You beat up a bunch of our boys last night!” Julius called. “No one gets away with that, not even the Constable’s son!” He winked at Joyah. “If you’re looking for a real man, sweet heart, I would come looking this way. You’re wasting your time with that one.”
Joyah gave him the same steady look she had given the men in the alley right before she had crushed someone’s windpipe.
“I wouldn’t be yelling around that a boy and a girl beat up a bunch of your thugs if I were you,” Jeff said. “We’re about half your size. You’d think a bunch of men could take on two kids.”
The men glared at him when they realized that that was true. Then Julius glowered at Jeffery.
“Someday your daddy won’t be around to protect you, little boy. And when that happens, I’ll be lurking in the shadows. You won’t know what hit you.”
Jeff snorted. “You? Lurking in the shadows? Ferdinand could find you in a moment. All he’d need was his sense of smell.” Jeff grabbed Joyah’s arm and pulled them away through the crowd before the man could realize he had been insulted.
When they slowed down Joyah glanced over her shoulder.
“Shouldn’t you be a little worried about their threats? Those were part of the River Boys, right?”
“Yeah, they’re part of the River Boys,” said Jeff. “But we don’t have to worry about them. They’ve been dealing me threats for years, but we both know if they even make a move towards me my father will land them all in jail. Plus it’s not a secret that I’m good with a sword.”
“Did you recognize any of them from the alley?” Joyah asked. Jeff became suddenly serious.
“No.”
“How can you tell?”
“They don’t have any bruises or cuts,” Jeff said, grinning. Then he grew serious again. “I doubt any of those guys outside that shop even knew the men in the ally were different. Otherwise they wouldn’t be broadcasting the news like that.”
“Why would members of a gang be hiding things from other members?” wondered Joyah, more to herself than to Jeff.
Suddenly Jeff threw his arm in front of Joyah, stopping them both. An arrow flew in front of them, right through where they would have been if Jeff had not stopped them. Joyah’s hand went to her sword. Her heart raced and her muscles tensed for a fight. Someone was shooting at them!
Jeff peeked around the corner.
“Gilla, watch where you’re shooting! You almost hit us!”
A girl’s voice answered him. It was a little higher than normal, and had a sweet sound to it that stayed no matter what the girl said.
“Well if you don’t go sticking your head around a corner that you very well know leads to an archery ring, Jeffery Raymond, then maybe you’ll actually live to reach the age of sixteen!”
Joyah carefully peered around the corner. A large grassy area surrounded by a brick wall stood beyond. On the end nearest to them stood a long line of wooden targets. The nearest target had a bunch of arrows in its bull’s eye. At the other end of the area was a girl. She had on an outfit Joyah had seen the foresters who sometimes passed through her village wear. It was made of a brown leather shirt with bracers at the wrists, brown leather breaches, and brown lightweight boots. She had an empty quiver hung over her shoulder and a hunting dagger strapped to a leather belt at her waist. In her hand she held a bow. She had a round face, rosy cheeks, and fluffy straight hair that fell halfway down her back and was pulled half back with bangs. Her hair was an odd color, a mix of dirty-blond and gray. She looked like a woodland cherub with an attitude.
Jeff led Joyah onto the archery grass.
“Gilla, this is my new friend, Joyah Pain. Joyah, this is Gilla Fletcher.”
Gilla shook Joyah’s hand.
“If you call me Gillie I’ll twist your arm,” she said in a perfectly friendly voice. Jeff snorted.
“I’d like to see you try.”
“Do your parents make arrows?” Joyah asked her.
“No,” said Gilla. “My father is a lawyer. I have a theory that one of our ancestors was a fletcher and that’s how we got our name, but it’s only a theory. Where are you headed? I assume it’s not the archery ring, since you don’t have a bow.”
“We’re going to the library,” Jeff said. “This is a short cut. Do you want to come?”
Joyah gave him a sharp glance. She liked this girl, but the fewer people who knew about the crystal the better. What would make Jeff overlook that? To her relief, though, Gilla smiled and shook her head.
“Nah, I’m going to keep shooting. It keeps me occupied until we leave for the country again.”
Joyah blinked. “You live in the country?”
“No, my family has a country house,” Gilla said. “I love it there. I can’t wait until we go back.” Gilla’s wistful smile turned into a mischievous grin. “My mom hates it there. I suppose that’s one of the reasons I love it.”
“Gilla Fletcher, if you’re in that ridiculous archery ring again I’ll lock you in your room for a month! Why can’t you just stay inside like a proper young lady?!”
Gilla glanced over her shoulder at where the voice was coming from.
“Uh-oh, that sounds like my mother. She’s got this weird idea in her head that girls should sit inside and set up tea parties while boys get all the fun.”
What an old fashioned idea, Joyah thought. No one’s thought that for centuries.
“Hey,” said Gilla. “I think I’ll come with you after all. It’ll take a while before my mother decides to check the library.” Joyah bit her lip.
“Umm-”
“Great!” said Jeff. “Let’s go!”
Gilla started off. Joyah tugged on Jeff’s sleeve.
“Jeff what were you thinking?” she demanded. “The less people who know about this the better. How do we know we can trust this girl?”
“Take it easy,” said Jeff. “I’ve known Gilla for a while. It’s safe to trust her.”
“So have you known her as a friend or an acquaintance?” Joyah asked. “My Auntie always says you don’t really know a person until you’ve traveled life’s hardest roads with them.” Jeff seemed annoyed.
“Look Joyah, we aren’t exactly friends, but I’ve known Gilla since we were kids. I’m not saying we should show her the jewel right now, but bringing her along isn’t a bad thing. Besides,” he said, “if you follow your standards for trust then you can’t really trust me either. I know you less than I know her.”
“Excuse me!”
Joyah and Jeff turned to see a woman standing in the entrance to the archery ring that they had come in. She had the same hair as Gilla, but her face was very pointed and had a permanent look of disapproval. She wore an expensive looking dress and had a frilly umbrella in one hand.
“Have you seen my daughter?”
“N-” Jeff started to say, but Joyah cut him off.
“Yes.”
Jeff looked at her in alarm.
“She went that way,” said Joyah. She pointed down the same road that Gilla’s mother had already been going down.
Gilla’s mother looked down her nose at Joyah. She looked like she had found something very unpleasant-smelling lying in the road.
“Yes, well thank you.” She turned on her heel and strutted off down the road.
“A pleasant woman,” Joyah said to Jeff. “I wonder how Gilla turned out the way she did with such a… proper mother.” Gilla stuck her head back around the corner behind them.
“Thanks for covering up for me, guys. Let’s go before she figures out she was duped.”
The library was not far from the archery ring. Joyah could see it as soon as they stepped out from behind the archery walls. She caught her breath.
The library was huge. It towered above the buildings around it. It was made of red brick, and the corners were trimmed with gold. The roof was made of gray slate tiles. Gray stone gargoyles loomed at the corners of the roof. Two stone dragons guarded the stone steps leading up to the large, wooden double doors. The windows, like all the others in the city, had real glass.
The trio walked up the large steps and pushed open the double doors. Inside were bookshelves so large that they reached the domed ceiling high above. Tables and chairs were scattered in between the shelves. At the far end of the library large rectangular windows stretched from the floor to the ceiling, letting most of the library’s light in. Off to one side of the door was a large wooden desk stacked high with books. Sitting behind the desk was an old man with a white goatee and almond shaped eyes.
“Good morning,” said the man quietly. “Can I help you with anything?”
“No thank you, sir,” said Jeff.
“Well, just ask if you need anything,” said the librarian. He went back to sorting books.
Joyah stood in the doorway and stared. She had never seen so many books. At the studio in her home village there were mostly scrolls instead of books. You could tell that a literary work was important if it was put in an actual book. Here you could tell that a book was important because its cover was made of silk.
Joyah yearned to wander down the many isles until she came to the works of the great mystics and martial artists of the past. She could lose herself in their teachings forever, soaking up their knowledge on balance, harmony, and weaponry. Joyah sighed and pushed a piece of hair out of her eyes. There will be time for that later, she told herself. There are things you must do first.
“Right,” she said. “Where to?”
“I guess the first place to go would be the legends,” said Jeff. “And we could also check out the ancient artifacts section. Those are this way.” He led the way down a couple isles until they came to a small open space. A bamboo table sat in the middle surrounded by red cushions. “Legends are down that isle,” said Jeff, pointing. “Artifacts are down that one.”
“Then let’s start looking,” said Joyah, and they spread out to search.

Gilla sighed as she took another book off the shelf.
“You know, it would really help if I knew what I was looking for.”
“Just tell us if you find anything interesting,” said Joyah without looking up. Joyah was curled up on a cushion with her nose in a book. A small stack of books on ancient magical artifacts sat on the floor beside her. Gilla flipped open the book to a random page.
“Some guy once had a sword that was so sharp if you put it down it would cut open the ground. Is that interesting?”
“Actually, it is,” said Joyah. “But we’re not here to look at swords. Keep trying.” Gilla sighed again and wandered off to scan the shelves.
Jeff wandered back into their work area from the legends section carrying a book.
“You found anything yet?”
“If I had I would have said something, wouldn’t I?” Joyah said, still not looking up. Jeff peered over her shoulder.
“What are you reading?”
Joyah sat up and looked at him.
“I’m looking through the city’s guild log. It keeps track of all the active guilds.”
“Why?”
Joyah slipped her hand into her pocket and drew out the pendant.
“I want to find out what this means,” she said in a low voice. “If it’s a group that wants the jewel then I want to know why.”
“How do you know they didn’t just want it because it’s really big?” Jeff asked.
“Because when the jeweler was talking to his assistant he said I had a special jewel. I didn’t think much of it then, but now I think that they knew what it was.” She sighed and rubbed her eyes. “I don’t know, I might just be jumping at shadows.”
“Possibly,” said Jeff. “But at least I can tell you that we’re not just jumping at shadows with this jewel. It’s not a normal gem.” Joyah sat up straighter.
“How can you tell?”
Jeff opened the book he had been holding.
“This is a gem glossary. It has facts about all of the gems ever discovered, and as far as I can tell the one you found isn’t any of them.”
Joyah looked around to make sure no one was watching before pulling the large crystal out of her pocket.
“It’s not a ruby or something else?” she asked. Jeff flipped through the pages slowly and paused at the red ones. Joyah held it up to each, and found no match.
“It’s not Almandine, Carnelian, Cuprite, Garnet…” Eventually when Jeff flipped a page they found themselves looking at the inside of the back cover. Joyah ran her hand through her hair and leaned against the back of the chair.
“Huh.”
“So it’s something special, whatever it is,” Jeff said, closing the book. Joyah slipped the jewel and the pendant back into her pocket.
“Hey guys, is this interesting?” Gilla asked as she came back around the corner. “This says a dragon once lived in a pool near the end of a waterfall that starts our river, and it had a blue teardrop crystal that contained its lifeline. Some knight killed it by smashing the crystal.”
“Closer, but not quite,” Joyah told her. Gilla sighed and closed the book.
Jeff made a noise that sounded like he’d swallowed his tongue.
“Joyah, look!” He leaped up and took the book from Gilla. He showed the cover to Joyah.
On the cover was a picture of a very large and gaudy necklace. It had a large gold chain and a huge pendant the size of Joyah’s hand connected to the chain by a bulky gold ring. The pendant was gold covered in designs that made it look like the sun. Flattened gold that looked like waves came out of the edges, adding to the sun effect. And in the center of the pendant was a large red jewel the size of Joyah’s palm.
“That’s it,” Joyah said, her voice barely a whisper. “That’s where it comes from.”
“What’s it?” Gilla asked.
Jeff sat down beside Joyah and opened the book. He looked through the index and then flipped to a page. Most of the page was taken up by another picture of the necklace. The words were written around it.
“There’s not much here, especially since it’s on the cover,” he said. He skimmed the page.
“What does it say?” asked Gilla, bursting with excitement.
“It’s an ancient necklace, dating back to the time of our first empress,” said Jeff. “This mostly tells about what type of jewel this is, but it does say that it’s called the Connarist Necklace. Apparently the first monarch had a friend who had this necklace. He called himself The Connarist and claimed his necklace held great magic but could only be used by him and his Rightful Descendants.”
“Does it say what happened to it?” Joyah asked.
“It disappeared. The jewel was the last of its type. It was forgotten when it disappeared, which is why we couldn’t find it in the jewel index,” Jeff said, closing the book. “That’s all it says.”
“At least we know what we’re looking for,” Joyah said. Gilla tapped Joyah on the top of her head.
“Someone’s coming.”
After a quiet moment they could hear the squeak, squeak, squeak of the wheels of a cart. The librarian’s wooden cart loaded with books came around the corner, followed by the librarian himself.
“The library will be closing soon,” he whispered. “Have you found everything you need?”
“For today, yes, thank you sir.” Joyah said.
Gilla took the book and stood to go put it back on the shelf.
“Where did you get that book?” The librarian asked sharply, forgetting to whisper. Gilla looked surprised.
“This? It was wedged below a bookcase. I found it when I dropped a book on my toe.”
“I see. You don’t have to put that back, I’ll take it,” he said. He took the book from Gilla and hurried away.
“That was weird,” said Jeff.
“He forgot his cart,” Gilla said, looking unsure of what to do. Joyah’s eyes narrowed as she peered after where the librarian had gone.
“I guess we should put these books away,” Jeff said.
“What do we do about his cart?” Gilla asked. Jeff shrugged.
“I bet he’ll come find it. Come help put these away. Joyah?”
Joyah didn’t answer.
“Joyah?” Jeff asked again.
“Hmm?” she said, distracted. “Oh, yeah, you guys can put the books away. I’m going to go talk to the librarian.”
Jeff and Gilla glanced at each other.
“Alright,” Jeff said. “I guess we’ll meet you near the front desk.” They started picking up the books. Joyah stood and walked away.
Joyah found the librarian busy sorting books at the front desk.
“Sir?”
The man jumped. “What? Oh, yes, is there anything you need, miss?”
“Well, actually sir, I was wondering if you could identify something for me.” Joyah slowly reached into her pocket and took out the black and white pendant. “Do you know what this is?”
The man slammed his hand down on top of Joyah’s.
“Are you crazy? Put that away!” he hissed. He looked around to make sure no one was looking. “What do you think you’re doing, waving something like that around?”
“So you do know what this is,” Joyah said calmly. The librarian looked at her very seriously.
“Were you sent here to threaten me? Are you one of them?”
Joyah looked him steadily in the eyes.
“No.”
The librarian looked around nervously again.
“It’s not safe to talk here. Come with me.” Still holding Joyah’s hand he led her around the desk and through a wooden door behind it.
On the other side of the door was a small room. Boxes filled with books were piled against the walls. In one corner stood a small desk covered in papers. The librarian peered out of the door again before closing it behind them. Then he took the pendent from Joyah and held it up for her to see.
“Do you know what this is?” She shook her head. “How did you come across this symbol?” he asked her.
“I believe I am the one asking you the questions, not the other way around,” she told him.
“I don’t know what you think you’re dealing with, little girl, or how you came into contact with this symbol, but you’re dealing with things that are way above your head,” he said. “Forget about this while you can before you bring too much attention to yourself.”
“Too late for that,” she told him. “I got this pendant off a man who attacked me in an alley. I left him and his companions out cold.” He stared at her.
“That’s not possible.”
“I guess you’re right. I wouldn’t have been able to do it without help from the boy out there.”
“That’s not possible, you’re just kids.”
She leaned closer to whisper to him.
“Tell that to the men in the alley.”
The man leaned back and ran his hand through his hair.
 “Then you are in great danger.”
“Which is another reason why you should tell me what that symbol means,” Joyah said reasonably. The man sighed.
“This is the symbol of a guild. They don’t have an official name, but they refer to themselves mostly as The Assassins. Only it’s not just any guild, it’s a master group that has men in almost every other guild. The groups the men are planted in don’t even know about the master guild.”
“That’s a disturbing thought,” Joyah commented, more to herself then the librarian. “A group like that would be almost impossible to weed out unless you brought every one of the members together.”
“It’s a very powerful guild,” he agreed. “And very secretive. They are professionals at staying hidden.” Joyah snorted.
“Some professionals.” Then her eyes narrowed. “How do you know so much about them?”
“Well, you see, I…” He spluttered and wrung his hands together in distress. He bustled by her, seeming to want to postpone answering the question by organizing the shelves.
Suddenly, as he passed her, the librarian’s hand shot out at a speed seemingly impossible for a man of his age. It dove into her pocket and drew out the jewel.
Joyah’s hand locked around his wrist before he could pull it out of range, holding his hand steady between them. Their eyes met above the jewel, both cold and deadly.
“It seems as if I am not the only one with something to hide, my dear,” the librarian said, his voice barely a whisper. Very slowly, he reached out and took Joyah’s other hand. He took it and pushed her palm against the jewel, passing it to her. Joyah’s fingers wrapped around it, and she brought it down to her side that was facing away from the man. Only then did she let go of his wrist.
“I know so much about them because I was once one of them,” the librarian said softly. “I was young, and a group like that has a rebellious, dangerous pull to it. I only realized who they really were, and what they were capable of, years later when I watched as a ‘friend’ slit the throats of a family with children barely older than babies in their sleep. I left, and hid. A former member who is no longer loyal is too dangerous for them to leave alive.” He pointed to the jewel in Joyah’s hand. “They have been searching for that since the group began.”
“Tell me more,” Joyah demanded. The librarian shook his head and started for the door.
“You know too much al-”
Before he could get a couple steps in Joyah had vaulted the desk and landed in front of him. She grabbed his wrist and twisted so all she had to do was flip her hand over and he’d be in an almost unbreakable lock.
“Tell me more.”
The librarian stared at her. Finally, he said, “If I tell you more now, then anyone who might have followed you will wonder what we are spending so much time in here for. They’ll enter the library from where we least expect it. They’ll slit your friend’s throats and hide them where not even they could find them again. Then they’ll lay a silent trap outside the door, most likely poisoned darts, so that when we step out we’ll be killed quietly and efficiently. Then they’d bury us as well. No one will know what happened.”
 It was Joyah’s turn to stare at him. She had just met Jeff and Gilla and already she had to protect them. Like family. Very slowly, she let go of his wrist.
“Come back tomorrow and I will help you and your friends. If you come here as normal every day it will seem as if you haven’t found anything.”
Joyah clenched her jaw and nodded. She turned and headed for the door.
Just as she was putting her hand on the doorknob the librarian said, “You’re too trusting. I could be laying a trap for you and you’d never know.” Joyah turned to look at him.
“Well then, I guess I better be on my guard.” With that she left the room.
Jeff and Gilla were waiting for her in front of the desk. Jeff looked worried, and Gilla looked bored.
“There you are!” Gilla said loudly when she saw Joyah. She missed Joyah’s warning look. “We’ve been waiting for you for ages! What were you doing in there, and where’s the librarian? What-” She cut off when Joyah mouthed the words “shut up.” Gilla looked confused. “What? Why? What’s going-” Joyah grabbed both their arms and began propelling them towards the door.
“What part of ‘shut up’ do you not understand?” she hissed in Gilla’s ear. “I’ll tell you when we get back to Jeff’s house.”
Luckily the walk back to the Raymond house was uneventful. Joyah kept a look out for anything slightly suspicious. If she caught anyone looking at them or doing anything slightly out of the ordinary she would pay close attention to them until she was sure they were just everyday citizens.
When they were finally mounting the steps of the Raymond house Gilla said to Joyah, “You know, you were going about that all wrong.”
Joyah blinked.
“What?”
“When you were looking for trouble. It was so obvious. You always stared at whatever moved. You have to act calm and look at things out of the corner of your eye. And if something hidden moves then you scan the whole area and look for movement again, so you know where it’s heading.” Joyah stared at her. “What?” Gilla asked. This obviously wasn’t the reaction she was expecting.
“How do you know that?” Joyah asked. Gilla shrugged.
“I’ve spent a lot of time in the woods up at my country house, hunting and whatnot. You’ve got to know this stuff or you’re never going to get anything.”
“Oh. Neat.” Maybe there was more to this strange girl then what first appeared.
Jeff opened the door, ignoring the annoyed looking butler who was just about to do that for him, and gestured for the girls to follow him. When Gilla stepped into the entry hall, she stopped and looked around.
“I like your house a lot better than I like mine.”
Jeff didn’t seem quite how to react to that. “Umm…”
“My house is way too decorated,” said Gilla. “I feel like I’m in a freaking museum. Yours feels like an actual home.”
“Umm…” Jeff said again. “Thanks.”
Joyah had to nudge him to get him back into focus. He jumped.
“Oh, right, follow me.”
Jeff led the way up the large staircase with Gilla following. Joyah stepped onto the first step and stopped, looking down. It felt like any other step, only it was carpeted. She took two more steps. Still like any other step. She turned around. She wasn’t far off the ground. It was around the same distance as the stairs leading up to the studio in her hometown.
“Come on, Joyah!” Gilla called. Jeff and Gilla were halfway up the stairwell.
Joyah ran up the steps to catch up. But after about ten steps she stopped again. She turned around to look behind her, and grabbed the railing in a death grip with both hands. So many stairs! They seemed so steep at this height. One on top of the other like she could just step off the stair she was on and fall all the way down to the floor.
“Joyah!” Jeff called.
Joyah looked up. Jeff and Gilla were standing at the top of the stairs, suddenly seeming very far away. They were both fighting grins.
“You’re not going to fall off,” Jeff said reassuringly.
“Unless you trip,” said Gilla. “I once bounced all the way down on my-” Jeff elbowed her.
Joyah took one last glance behind her and, without releasing her death grip on the railing, took another step.
She didn’t fall. Or trip and bounce all the way back down. Joyah took another step. She peeked behind her again. She was not really that far off the ground at all. Joyah started to relax her grip. She took two steps. Then five. Eventually she was running up the stairs, looking behind her at intervals with excitement at seeing how high she was going. Before she knew it she had made it to the top and was standing beside her now openly grinning friends.
“You like the stairs?” Jeff asked as Joyah gazed down at the incline.
“You know what’s even more fun?” Gilla asked. Joyah gave her a questioning look. Gilla grinned at Jeff. Realization dawned on him.
“Oh no, we can’t do that. My mother would kill me!”
“Yeah, but that’s part of what makes it fun!” Gilla said excitedly.
“What are we doing?” Joyah asked.
Instead of answering Gilla ran over to the railing and straddled it. Joyah looked on in confusion. Was she going to jump off? Her confusion turned to surprise and then to excitement as Gilla began to slide down the railing! She gained speed until she was practically flying! Then, when she came to the end, she slid right off and went into a run until she was able to stop herself. Gilla turned around and held her arms out to the sides like an acrobat waiting for applause, saying, “Ta-da!” Jeff was already hopping onto the railing and slid down after Gilla. When he got to the end instead of hopping off neatly like Gilla he fell off. Someone was going to be black and blue later if he kept that up.
Joyah ran over to the railing and hopped on with her hands out in front of her.
“Just slide down!” Gilla called.
Joyah pushed herself forward and started down. For a second she was going slowly, but suddenly she was picking up speed. Everything rocketed by her. Within seconds she hit the end of the railing and was launched forward. She landed in a forward roll and came to her feet. It slowed her momentum without her slamming into the floor. She turned around, a huge grin on her face.
“That was cool!”
Gilla was already at the top, and Jeff was halfway up the stairs. Joyah took off after them, laughing for the first time in days.
After a few minutes their fun came to an end when Gilla almost barreled straight into someone.
“Oops, sorry Mr. Raymond,” she said.
The man standing in front of her looked remarkably like Jeff. He had the same black hair, pale skin, and deep brown, canted eyes. He wore the gray uniform of an officer, and there were many badges attached to the front of his left shoulder.
“Well hello there, Gilla Fletcher,” he said. His voice was deep and smooth. “It is very nice to see you.” He looked up to where Joyah and Jeff were standing at the top of the stairs. It looked to Joyah like he was hiding amusement, but from Jeff’s reaction she could tell that what they had been doing was looked down upon, so she must have been imagining things. Jeff was standing just a little behind and off to the side of Joyah, and he looked like he wanted to step all the way behind her. “What exactly are you doing?” Jeff was turning very red.
“Umm… well… we were… uh…”
“It’s my fault, sir,” Gilla said. “Our friend Joyah has never been on a staircase like this before, so I thought I’d show her how to have a little fun.” She bowed her head. “I know it’s not allowed. I’m sorry.”
He gave her a gentle smile and patted her on the shoulder.
“Thank you for being truthful, Gilla. May I suggest that next time you think before you jump into something?” Gilla nodded. Mr. Raymond walked to the end of the stairs and looked up at Joyah. He gave her a slight bow. “Joyah Pain, I presume?”
“Yes, sir,” Joyah said.
“I’ve heard a lot about you from my wife,” he told her. “You seem like an impressive girl.” Joyah felt her cheeks growing warm.
“Thank you, sir.”
Mr. Raymond smiled.
 “You don’t have to keep calling me sir. Mr. Raymond will do.”
“Did you get the men in the alley?” Joyah asked. 
“What alley?” Gilla asked. No one seemed to hear her. Mr. Raymond sighed through his nose. 
“No. By the time we got there they were gone. Actually I was wondering if I might ask you a couple questions later on about them. It would help with the search.”
Joyah shrugged. “Sure.”
“Thank you. Perhaps after dinner Jeff could take you to my study. I really must go now, but it was a pleasure meeting you.”
“Same here,” Joyah said.
Mr. Raymond bowed again and walked to the wooden door that Mrs. Raymond had taken Joyah through the day before. Just before he was about to close it behind him he poked his head back out.
“Oh, and Jeffery?”
Jeff looked like his hopes of getting out of this without being noticed was crashing down around his ears.
“Yeah?”
“Next time you decide to cause mischief, do it in the back of the house. Less people walk through there.” With that Mr. Raymond closed the door behind him.
Gilla started snickering. Jeff looked like he was in shock and was only just starting to realize that he wasn’t going to die. Joyah couldn’t help but grin.
“Come on, guys. Let’s go.”
Gilla ran up the stairs to join them. They poked Jeff until he snapped out of it and led them through the door at the top of the stairs.
There was a large hallway ending in a large sliding door. A smaller hallway led off of the large one, and they went through a smaller sliding door on that one. The room beyond had a small window in the wall opposite the door and a fireplace to their left. There was a small wooden table in front of the fire. Red armchairs surrounded the table. Gilla immediately curled up in an armchair like a cat. Jeff sat down across from her, and Joyah perched on the edge of her chair between them with her back to the fire. She took the jewel and the Assassin’s symbol out of her pocket, setting them on the table between them.
“Hey, that’s the jewel from that necklace,” Gilla said.
“So,” Jeff said to Joyah. “What happened?”
Joyah told them about meeting the librarian and what he had told her about the Assassins.  Jeff and Gilla listened to her in silence. When she finished they didn’t say anything. Finally, Gilla leaned forward and tapped the jewel.
“How’d you get this?”
“You were right about that symbol being important,” Jeff said.
“We need to find out more about them,” Joyah agreed. “And that necklace, too.” Gilla looked ready to pull her hair out.
“Is anyone going to fill me in on what’s going on?!”
“Do you think he’s laying a trap for us?” Jeff asked Joyah.  Joyah shook her head.
“If he was going to set a trap he wouldn’t have told me that he could. I think we should be prepared anyway, though.”
Gilla covered her face with her hands in exasperation.
“I feel like I started reading a book halfway through and someone burned the first half.”
After a few hours a maid came and announced that dinner was ready. Jeff invited Gilla to stay for dinner, but she declined. Jeff then offered to walk her home to make sure none of the River Boys tried to mug her, but Gilla told him in no uncertain terms that she could take care of herself and that she was way more likely to get jumped if he was there. Joyah had to keep herself from laughing.
After dinner Mr. Raymond led Jeff and Joyah to his study. It was a tan room with a small fireplace. A large desk covered with papers stood facing a wall with a window overlooking the backyard. The opposite wall was covered with a large bookshelf. Next to the bookshelf was a blue armchair. There were three plain wooden chairs near the desk. Mr. Raymond gestured to them.
“Please, sit.” They sat, and Mr. Raymond sat across from them with a note pad. “So, did you find anything in the library today?”
Wow, right off the bat he had asked a very dangerous question. Of course, he was only curious of what his son and his son’s friend had been doing. But Joyah immediately saw a problem. A dangerous problem that could lead to the death of many kind people.
“No. Nothing.”
Jeff glanced at her. Joyah silently prayed that he could see what she was doing.
“Oh well,” Mr. Raymond said. “There’s always tomorrow.”
She nodded.
“I was wondering if you could tell me anything about the men who attacked you,” Mr. Raymond asked Joyah, kindly. Another dangerous question. Suddenly this didn’t seem like such a harmless thing after all. Joyah did her best to act young and innocent.
“Well, they all wore black, and their faces were hidden,” Joyah said, pretending like she couldn’t remember well. “The only one I really saw the face of was the jeweler. He was sort of middle-aged, thin, and had a pointy nose. That’s all I can remember about him.” Mr. Raymond nodded, writing this down.
“Do you know why they wanted it?”
Joyah shrugged.
“It’s a really large jewel. I bet it’s worth a fortune.”
Mr. Raymond nodded again.
“Of course. I was just wondering if you knew anything else.”
“No, sorry.”
For the next half an hour Mr. Raymond asked them questions and Joyah dodged giving the real answer to the ones that gave away too much. After what seemed like forever to her it was finally over. Just as they were standing up to leave Joyah turned back to Jeff’s father.
“Mr. Raymond?”
“Yes, dear?”
“Could you not tell anyone about the jewel? I don’t want people knowing that I’m walking around with something that valuable in my pocket. I’m not used to that much attention.”
He smiled kindly at her. “Of course.”
They left the study. Jeff led her back to the room they had been in before dinner. When they got there Jeff closed the door quietly behind them and then whipped around to face Joyah.
“Why did you lie to him?”
Joyah had dropped the innocent act and was back to being serious.
“I didn’t want him to know about all this.”
“Why? They’re my parents, Joyah! They could help, and we can’t keep lying to them!”
“Jeff, your father is head of the police. If he finds out about the master guild he’ll start looking for them. That guild will kill all his men and slit your whole family’s throat in the middle of the night, including yours. They can’t have anyone knowing about them, especially people of your class. I couldn’t tell him about the necklace either because if they know anything then that makes them a threat.”
Jeff stared at her. Then he sat down on a chair, hard. He moaned and buried his face in his hands.
“Oh, why did I get myself into this?! Now my parents are in danger!”
Joyah sat down across from him in the seat Gilla had sat in before.
“I’m sorry, Jeff. I shouldn’t have pulled you into this.”
She stood up suddenly before he could respond and headed for the door.
“Where are you going?” Jeff asked, looking at her.
“I can’t put you or your family in danger anymore,” she said. “Especially after you’ve been so nice to me.” She walked out and started back down the hallway. She could hear Jeff hurrying to catch up.
“Joyah, stop.” He put his arm out in front of her. “You can’t leave.”
“I have to,” she said. She ducked under his arm and kept going. He ran and caught her shoulder, pulling her to a stop again.
“You didn’t pull me into this, I chose to join you.” She pulled free and started off again. This time he didn’t follow her.
“I’m in too deep to get out of this now,” Jeff called. “They already saw me in the alley, remember? If you leave now then it’ll only mean that there’s one less person who would know what’s going on if they come here.” She stopped. He walked up behind her. “You’re right that we shouldn’t stay here too much longer, but rushing off blindly isn’t going to help anything. We need to know more.”
“What about Gilla?”
“I don’t know if she’s in danger yet. Man, I’m starting to wish I hadn’t invited her along.” He slipped his hand into hers. “But no matter what happens, we’re in this together.”


Chapter 3
Archibald


Someone was knocking on the door nonstop, which could only mean one person. Gilla Fletcher. Sure enough, when the very annoyed butler opened the door Gilla slipped by him before he could say anything and ran to the bottom of the stairs. Joyah and Jeffery, having heard the constant knocking, were standing at the top.
“Come on, guys! Ready to go?”
Joyah and Jeff looked at each other.
“Gilla, we need to talk,” Jeff said.
Gilla immediately lost her constant energy. Joyah could tell that she knew something was wrong.
“Alright.” She climbed the stairs and followed them to their meeting room. She sat on a chair, but unlike the day before she didn’t curl up in it. “Okay guys, what’s up?”
Joyah and Jeff sat in chairs across from her. Jeff didn’t seem to know how to put it, so Joyah just said, “You’re in danger.” Gilla blinked.
“What?”
“Remember how I told you about that master guild yesterday?” Joyah asked. Gilla nodded. “If they find out you’re helping us they’ll kill you,” Joyah told her. “They want the jewel, and they’ll kill to get it. We don’t know if they know about you yet, but it would be safest for you and your family if you didn’t hang out with us anymore.”
Gilla sat there for a moment, staring at them. Then she stared at the ground. Joyah couldn’t read her expression. She glanced at Jeff. He was looking nervous. Finally, Gilla looked back at them.
“Then I’ll enter the library ten minutes before you and meet you when we’re in there. No one will know I’m actually with you besides us and the librarian guy.” Joyah and Jeff glanced at each other. “Besides,” Gilla added. “For all we know I could already be on their list.”
“Don’t tell your parents about this,” Joyah said. Gilla snorted.
“My dad’s gone all day and I’d rather stick pins in my eyes then tell my mom anything about my life. You don’t have to worry about that.”
Joyah and Jeff glanced at each other again.
“Gilla, your plan is really risky,” Jeff said slowly.
Joyah voiced what they both were thinking.
“I don’t think you understand just how dangerous they are.”
“I don’t think you understand just how miserable my life with my mother is,” Gilla said. “I know you’re going to leave soon, because that’s the next logical step to save Jeff’s parents. That gives me an excuse to leave too. I’m not giving up a chance to get away and live an adventure farther than the woods around my country home, and a chance to start a new life.” Gilla leaned back with her arms folded, a cocky look of finality set on her face.
“We’re not leaving forever, you know,” Jeff told her. "Just until things settle down.”
Joyah stood up abruptly and walked to the window.
“Joyah,” Jeff said cautiously. “What’s wrong?”
“Remember when I told you I was on my Journey?”
“You’re on a journey?” Gilla asked.
“Not a journey,” Joyah said. “My Journey.”
Gilla looked at Jeff, who only shrugged and gave her a look that said, “go with it.”
“I remember,” Jeff told Joyah. Joyah drummed her knuckles on the windowsill.
“I have this feeling that I’m going to leave any day now. My Journey might take me anywhere. I don’t know if I’ll ever be back here, or anywhere I’ve ever been, again.” 
Her friends were quiet for a moment. Finally Gilla said, “Well, we’ll at least follow you for part of the way.” Jeff nodded.
“We’ll go with you and see what happens. Who knows, you might end up coming back with us!”
Joyah turned to look at them and smiled.
“You’re right, who knows?”
“It’s all settled then!” Gilla said happily, jumping up. “Let’s go to the library!” They left the room. Joyah lingered a moment more, staring out the window. Her unsettled expression had again replaced her forced happy one.
I feel like I won’t see this place again for a long time, she thought. But if I tell them that I might lose them. They both are set on coming home again. She sighed through her nose. It would be so much easier to not have this Journey and come and go as I please. Then again, I never would have met them if I hadn’t started my Journey.
 “Joyah, come on!” Gilla yelled from down the hall.
“Coming!” Joyah called over her shoulder. As she started for the door she thought, Jeff’s right, we should see what is to come before we make a decision. For now we’ll take everything a step at a time.

Joyah and Jeff climbed the steps to the library. Joyah scanned the area with her eyes like Gilla had told her to, looking for movement or any sign of danger. She had stalked deer in the woods near her home village for fun, but she had never been allowed to join the real hunt because she was too young. So her skills were sadly lacking. She hoped that this method Gilla had told her was real and not just something the girl had made up.
They had decided that Gilla shouldn’t go in first. If there was a trap, it would be easier for two people to fight their way out of it than one, so Gilla was going to come in seventeen minutes after them. Jeff had come up with the time period. He had said that most people would expect her to enter the building after a common amount of time like ten or fifteen minutes, so entering after an uncommon interval of time might get her a better chance of catching them off guard. Gilla had promptly said that he was being paranoid and no amount of time would help her if the trap was good enough to catch both Jeff and Joyah. Besides, she claimed to have a very accurate internal clock. It worked better when she counted minutes grouped in fives, so ten or fifteen minutes would be easier. Joyah had backed Jeff up on the argument, so seventeen minutes it was. Joyah just hoped that Gilla would actually listen to them and do what she was supposed to do.
Joyah gave Jeff a gesture that she hoped he would understand as, “Step to that side of the door so anything that might fly out won’t hit you.” He didn’t understand, giving her a very confused look. Joyah rolled her eyes and opened the door. They really needed to get used to communicating to each other.
Nothing shot out at them, so Joyah assumed it was safe. They stepped inside. The library was just as they had left it. Light filtered in through the windows, shedding a warm glow over the shelves. The librarian sat at the desk sorting books like always. He looked up when they came in and smiled.
“Can I help you with anything?” he asked in a whisper. Joyah smiled back, hoping no one would notice that it was forced.
“We’re doing research for a project assigned to us by our tutors. We were wondering if you could help us with it.”
“Of course,” the librarian said, standing up. “On what subject would that be?”
“History,” Jeff said.
“Well,” the librarian whispered. “The history section is over there. I have a room where scholars can study in peace. You may use it. It’s in the back left corner. I’ll go get it ready while you collect what you need.”
“Thank you,” Jeff said. The librarian hurried off to “get the room ready.” They glanced at each other. So far so good.
After they pretended to find the books they needed they went to the back left corner of the library. There was a plain wooden door. Joyah readjusted the books in her arms and opened the door. Inside was just a plain wooden room. A long, low rectangular table took up most of the room. Threadbare cushions sat at intervals around it. Large overlapping maps hung on the right wall, showing things from all of the Middle Kingdom to a map of the city.
The librarian was kneeling on one of the cushions by the table when they came in. Jeff closed the door behind him. The librarian immediately became the confident, serious man Joyah had met the day before.
“Come, sit,” he said. They knelt down on some of the cushions at the near end of the table. Joyah took off the hat she had been wearing and set it down on the table beside her. It was an almost flat cone made of reeds with a circular brim. She had seen some of the workers in her home village wear them, but she had never had one. This one was much nicer than the ones they had, though. She had bought it from the market on her way over.
As they settle down the librarian said to Joyah, “You need to work on your smile, it looked forced.” So much for that, Joyah thought. The librarian brought a small bag out from under the table. From it he took a dozen old and expensive looking books. “When I took over this library from the old woman who ran it before me, I removed all the books that had anything at all on the Connarist necklace so no poor random soul could stumble upon the information by accident and become a target.”
“Except for the book Gilla found,” Jeff pointed out.
“Yes, except for that one,” the librarian agreed. “It must have fallen and gotten wedged under the shelves while I was taking the rest.” Jeff picked up a book.
“Umm, what exactly are we trying to find out about this necklace?”
“Nothing until Gilla comes,” Joyah said. “Then Mr.…”
 Joyah looked at the librarian. “I’m sorry, but I don’t actually know your name.” The man paused.
“When I left The Assassins I took the name of Val Stenew, the humble librarian, so I could hide. But before then I was Mallew Archibald, son of a merchant.”
“Nice to meet you.” Joyah said. “After Gilla comes Mr. Archibald will tell us all he can about the necklace and what the Assassins are going to do with it. Then we’ll look for anything that’s new in these books. Even the littlest detail could help us.”
“I have most of the information in these books memorized,” Archibald said. “But it is worth looking through them in case I missed something.”
“So, basically more reading with no idea what we’re looking for?” Jeff asked.
“Yes.”
“Yippee.”
Archibald went to the front desk while they waited in order to act like nothing was out of the ordinary. Joyah opened up the top book on her pile and absently started reading to pass the time. It was a book on the history of the mountains to the north and west of Gorem forest, which was the forest surrounding Joyah’s home village.
After a couple minutes they could hear Gilla’s voice echoing in the main part of the library. Joyah looked across the table at Jeff. “That couldn’t have been seventeen minutes already.”
“Nope,” Jeff said, sounding resigned. “More like ten.”
Only a few seconds later the door opened and Gilla came bouncing in. She closed the door behind her and said, “Hey guys!”
Joyah closed her book with a snap.
“I thought we agreed on seventeen minutes.”
Gilla shrugged. “I said it was easier for me to count ten. Besides, those seven extra minutes won’t matter!”
“That’s not the point, Gilla,” Joyah snapped. “Things might get dangerous. If we agree on a plan then we’ve got to stick to it, or the consequences in the future might be a little more severe.”
Gilla flopped down on a cushion at the end of the table between Jeff and Joyah.
“I know. I won’t mess with things when it gets really important, I promise.” As Gilla reached for a book, Jeff rolled his eyes behind her back.
A couple minutes later Archibald came back in.
“So, what have you got for us, Archie?” Jeff asked. Gilla looked at Joyah and mouthed the word, “Archie?”
Archibald knelt on a cushion next to Joyah and folded his hands on the table.
“Where to begin?”
“Where’s the necklace?” Joyah asked. “Or the rest of it.” Archibald almost smiled.
“You’re a blunt one, aren’t you? No wasting time with other things when you could just go and ask the obvious question on everyone’s mind. Actually, the real thing you should be asking is, where are the pieces.”
“Huh?” Gilla and Jeff said at the same time. Joyah’s eyes narrowed as she thought.
“You mean the necklace was broken?”
“Not broken, but separated into parts,” Archie said.
He took a crumpled sheet of paper from his pocket and smoothed it out on the table. The three teens leaned over to see it. On it were hand drawn pictures. It showed the jewel, the golden base of the pendent split down the middle, the gaudy ring that connected the pendent to the chain, and finally the chain itself.
“These are the parts of the necklace,” Archie explained. “It is believed that the Connarist separated his necklace into these parts before he died and gave them to his followers to hide so that no one could use them for evil. His followers were to take them to different Sanctuaries all over the Middle Kingdom. Once they were put on the pedestal inside, he said, no one could remove them until his heir called them together again.”
“But they didn’t,” Jeff theorized.
“No, they didn’t,” Archie agreed. “They were ambushed, and were forced to hide the pieces in other places. Places where one would have to risk his life to get to. They also hid clues in other deadly places in case a follower had to find the pieces again. And so for a hundred years that followed a race for the clues and pieces began. Some people wished to use the pieces for their own selfish means while others wanted to put them in the Sanctuaries. Eventually all of the Connarist’s followers died, and with them the secret of the hiding places of the clues and pieces. That ended the race for the necklace, until a couple decades ago when the Assassins found a clue.”
“For which one?” Jeff asked.
“For the jewel,” Archie said. “The race for the necklace started again, and as far as I know it is still going on today.”
Everyone was silent for a moment. That was a lot of information in a very short amount of time. It all seemed way too crazy to believe. It almost made Joyah wonder about Archie’s sanity.
Finally, Joyah murmured, “A race needs more than one contestant to truly be a race. Who else is going for the necklace?” Archie shrugged.
“As far as I know, nobody. I guess a hunt would be a better term for it, then.” That ominous thought hung in the air for a little bit.
Gilla was the one who broke the silence.
“Do you honestly expect us to believe that there is a magical object that people are trying to put together? Magic is gone. Magical books and objects are all destroyed or lost, magical creatures are extinct, and the art of magic died with the last mages. This talk of the Connarist necklace is ridiculous!”
“You said magical objects were destroyed or lost,” Archie said. “Doesn’t being broken up into many pieces count as being destroyed?”
“Not quite, but-”
“And doesn’t the fact that all those pieces are hidden in unknown places count as being lost?”
“Well yes, but-”
“So it is possible for the necklace to be a magical object as it is both destroyed and lost.”
Gilla looked sullen. Joyah decided to put her out of her misery. She held the jewel up so the other girl could get a good look at it.
“I wouldn’t believe it either, Gilla, except for this. Just look at it. There’s something about it that just seems… magical.”
Gilla still looked doubtful.
“I guess, but it still seems a little too fantastic.”
She had that right. Magic? What where any of them thinking?
“I know,” Joyah agreed. “I think we should just go with the flow for now, though.”Gilla sighed and picked up a book.
“Let’s find more about this thing that people have been willing to kill for for centuries, shall we?”
So, for hours they sat in the room reading. Occasionally Archie would pop in to check on them, give some clarification on something, or give them an answer to something the books couldn’t tell them. Eventually it came to a point where Archie didn’t have anything left to tell them. After all, he hadn’t been incredibly high in the guild.
A little after noon Jeff stood up, stretched and announced, “I’ve had enough for one day. We can pick this up tomorrow.” Gilla set down her book and rubbed her eyes.
“Thank goodness. I told myself I wouldn’t be the first to give in, but I’m developing a major eyestrain headache.”
Joyah let a small smile touch her lips.
“Alright, if you’re both going to be wimps about this.”
Jeff mimed throwing a book at her, almost giving Archie a heart attack.
“Shut up, Joyah.”
As her friends wandered out of the room, Joyah paused at the door and looked back at Archie.
“Mr. Archibald, what will the master guild do if they get all of the necklace?”
He looked at her with serious, almost sad eyes.
“Joyah, this is a guild that will murder children in their sleep because their parents knew something. The necklace could be used to bring unending peace, or it could be used to give a tyrant unlimited power. Which do you think a group like that would do?” He brushed past her to take his place at the front desk, sorting books like nothing was wrong. Joyah stood in the room alone, staring at the ground. Then she set her jaw, took one last look around, and went to join her friends.
This time Gilla left first. She was (hopefully) going to take a random winding route through the city to throw off anyone following her and end up sneaking in through the Raymond household’s back door after Joyah and Jeff went in through the front. Joyah just hoped she wouldn’t do anything stupid. It seemed as she got to know the girl, though, Joyah was feeling this was less and less likely.
When Joyah and Jeff got back to the Raymond house, Gilla hadn’t arrived. This was either a good or a bad sign. They dumped the books they had taken from the library in Jeff’s room and headed down to the kitchen. It was even busier than when Joyah had gone into two days before as the servants scrambled to get dinner ready. The cook yelled at them, and they slipped out the back door.
“That man’s going to have a heart attack if he keeps all that yelling up,” Joyah said. Jeff nodded. He seemed distracted, looking around the yard anxiously. “She’ll be all right,” Joyah told him. “We planned for her to get here after us. She’s most likely just following the plan for once.” He nodded again, but he didn’t look convinced.
A shadow appeared, climbing over the stone wall that surrounded the lawn. Joyah’s hand crept to her sword as it dropped to the ground. Then she let her hand fall away again as the shadow began to stride across the grass towards them. Jeff let out a sigh of relief. Only one person could have that small hop to her step in a situation like this.
“Told you I could follow a plan,” Gilla said as she climbed the small hill.
“I never said you couldn’t,” Joyah told her. “I just implied it.” She looked around to make sure no one was watching. “We need to talk,” she told them in a low voice. “This is too open. Let’s go inside.” Jeff led the way back through the kitchen, up the stairwell, and to their meeting room. Joyah sat with her back to the fire, her friends on either side of her. “I talked to Mr. Archibald before I left,” Joyah told them. “The Assassins are planning on using the necklace to take total control of the Middle Kingdom.”
“What?” Gilla demanded.
“A guild of assassins in charge?” Jeff said. “They’ll let everything fall into chaos. Innocent people will die.”
“There’s bound to be someone trying to stop them, right?” Gilla said.
“Remember what Mr. Archibald said?” Joyah said. “There’s no one but the master guild looking for the necklace.” Joyah jumped up. “We’ve got to do something about this! We can’t just sit here and let them find the pieces.”
“But what can we do?” Gilla asked. “We’re just three kids.”
“No, we’re three kids armed with knowledge and years of training,” Joyah said. “Tell the men we kicked the butts of in that alley that we’re just three plain kids!”
She started pacing.
“Archie said that there were people before who were racing the Assassins for the necklace. They were putting the pieces in the Sanctuaries. We need people like that now, now that the race has started again. And if no one else knows about this, then why not us? Even if we only take care of the jewel, it will be enough. They can’t complete the necklace and get all that power without it. Who else is there to defend the innocent people who don’t even realize they’re in danger?” She stopped and took the jewel out of her pocket. The flames in the fireplace danced on its surface and made it flash with an almost magical light. “All I know is that I found this for a reason.” Joyah looked up at the faces of her friends. “This is my calling. I’m almost certain that this is the purpose of my Journey.”

The night wind blew across Joyah’s face, gently lifting her curls off her back. She pulled her legs up to her chest and hugged them close as she stared across the sleeping city. The long white nightgown Mrs. Raymond had lent her fluttered around her ankles in the breeze. It was too short for Mrs. Raymond, but it almost touched the floor on Joyah.
She heard the sounds of creaking boards. Jeff appeared over the lip of the roof to her left. He was still wearing his breeches and shirt, but he was barefoot and didn’t have on his blue tunic. “What are you doing up here?” He sat down next to her.
“Thinking,” was her response.
“Gee, that told me so much,” he said. “What about?” Joyah gazed at the rolling hills beyond the city.
“I was thinking about home.” She touched the neckline of her nightgown. The chain that used to hold her ring was there. It reminded her of Lily.
“You miss it?” Jeff asked. Joyah nodded.
“Yes, every day. I miss my family, and my little town, and the studio. I’d give anything to be back there.” She paused. “And yet…”
“And yet?”
Joyah absently picked at her thumbnail.
“I keep having this feeling. Like there’s something… something beyond the next hill that I can’t wait for. And then there’s Gilla, who’s so eager to get away and start something new. She keeps making me feel like there’s something more. Something I’m missing. It feels a lot like the pull I felt when I knew it was time to start my Journey, or the feeling that tells me when it’s time to leave.”
“You keep mentioning this Journey,” Jeff said. “What exactly is it?” Joyah stopped picking her nail and looked out at the hills again.
“For every person in the Pain family there’s something we have to do in our lives, something we have to accomplish. We feel an urge to leave and accomplish a goal. It ranges from climbing the mountain range north of the Gorem forest to moving to the next village over and getting married. It can be dangerous, like when my cousin died in a rock slide, but it’s something we have to do.”
“How do you know?” Jeff asked. “How do you know where to go or what to do?”
“For me I get this feeling. I have a sense of restlessness. I don’t always know where it will take me, and Jeff…” she turned to look at him. “I don’t think I’ll be coming back here any time soon. If you’re coming with me then you might not come home again.” Jeff gazed down at the city of his birth.
“We have to stop the Assassins anyway.” He took her hand in his. “We’ll see what the future holds for us when we get to it. But whatever comes, we’re sticking together.”

Joyah heard someone knock on the door of her room. A moment later Jeff walked in. He stopped when he saw her searching through her bag.
“What are you doing?”
“I’m looking for my hat!” Joyah said. She went over to the books she had taken from the library that day. It was the night after she had talked to Jeff on the roof. The day had been uneventful. They had finished the remaining books and found that they still had no idea where to begin their search.
“Well,” Joyah had said. “We already have one piece. The first thing we should do is find it’s Sanctuary.”
“Only one problem,” Jeff had said. “The secret to its location died along with the Connarist’s followers hundreds of years ago.”
“It has to be around the Gorem forest, right?” Gilla had asked. “The books say they hid the jewel in the same region as the Sanctuary, and Joyah’s from the Gorem forest. I mean, it had to be in this area in order for her to find it here.”
“Legends like that don’t just die off,” Joyah had said. “There has to be somewhere where people still know of the Sanctuary, or at least know of its general area.”
“I have a friend who is the librarian in Laar, which is not far from here,” Archie had said. “She has contacts all over the Middle Kingdom. If you go to her, she may be able to find a town where people still know about this legend.”
“Is she trustworthy?” Joyah had asked.
“I believe so,” Archie had said. “We have known each other since we were kids. And she knows about the necklace and the race for it.” Gilla and Jeff both had looked at Joyah. She had frowned, and then shrugged.
“I guess.”
“It’s settled then,” Archie had said. “I will send a letter to her telling her you are coming. Her name is Miss Faulet.”
“Wait, aren’t you coming too?” Gilla had asked. Archie had shook his head.
“Sadly, no. Unlike you kids I can’t just leave this library.”  And so it was decided that they would leave the next day. It seemed that Joyah had done more leaving than she had realized.
“My hat must still be at the library.”
“We can get it tomorrow,” Jeff said. Joyah stood up after checking under the bed.
“I think we should go tonight.”
“Why?”
“I don’t know.” She passed him and started down the hallway. “I just do.” Jeff rolled his eyes.
“If she keeps this up then our quest will be a looong trip.”
Joyah waited at the door while Jeff told his parents what they were doing, and then they started off to the library.
The big old building looked almost scary as the sun went down below the trees. It cast shadows across the roof and the gargoyles guarding the front. Especially higher up on the roof, where the gargoyles looked completely black. Almost like crouching people. The thought made Joyah shiver.
The inside of the library was even darker. Shadows haunted each isle. The books were like dark spells of magic with black bindings. Even the front desk where Archie usually sat seemed sinister. Anyone could be hiding behind the stacks of books, just waiting for two unsuspecting kids to walk into the room as the day turned into dusk.
Joyah took a firm stance and put her hand on her sword, ready to draw it at the slightest movement.
“Mr. Archibald?” she called. Her voice echoed through the room. There was a thump from somewhere near the back of the room, making Jeff jump.
“We’re closed!” they heard Archie call from the direction of the thump. “You’ll have to come back tomorrow!”
“It’s me, Joyah,” Joyah called back.
“We’re still closed!” came the reply. Joyah took her hand from her sword and started striding towards the room where they had done research.
“Oh honestly, I’m just coming to get my hat! I left it here today. I’ll get it and then be out of your hair!”
Archie met them at the door to the room.
“You’re a stubborn one, aren’t you? If you had started with “I’m coming to get my hat,” I would have gladly gotten it for you!”
Joyah waved a dismissive hand.
“Whatever.” Joyah picked up her hat from the table and set it on her head. She tied the string under her chin. “See, that didn’t take very long.”
“I still don’t see why this couldn’t have waited until tomorrow,” Jeff said.
“I told you,” Joyah said. “I had a f-” A small thump echoed through the library. Everyone in the room froze. Archie moved to the door and peeked out. He motioned to Joyah and Jeff to keep talking. “I had a feeling I wouldn’t find it again tomorrow,” Joyah finished.
Jeff raised his eyebrows as if to say, “That was the best you could do?” Joyah glared at him.
“You’re memory has always been bad,” Jeff said.
“Thanks,” she said sarcastically.
“Well, now that you’ve found it, can we go home now?” Jeff asked. Joyah rolled her eyes.
“Yeah. Bye Mr. Archibald, thanks for letting us come in.”
“Any time, kids,” Archie said. As he said it he pointed with his thumb over his shoulder at the top of the door. Joyah gave an almost unnoticeable nod to show she understood.
Archie opened the door for Joyah. When the door opened to its fullest Joyah suddenly dove for the floor. She rolled under something that came flying from the upper left corner of the door. It hit the doorframe and stuck there.
It was a poisoned dart.
In the same fluid motion, Joyah finished her roll and came to her feet, simultaneously drawing her sword. A shadow dropped from the rafters above and behind her. She dropped low and swept her leg around to knock the shadow off his feet. The shadow jumped her foot and came down with his sword aimed at her head.
Joyah would have brought her sword up to block, but at that moment a knife buried itself in his throat. The man opened his mouth and a stream of blood came flying out, splattering the floor in front of her. Joyah turned to see Archie standing near the doorway, another knife already ready to throw in his hand. His eyes met hers, and she gave him a nod of thanks and respect. He returned it.
Joyah leaped up again and whipped around, blocking the sword of the next man who had dropped down behind her. As they fought more shadows dropped from the ceiling. The number of them was starting to worry her. Who knew how many of these guys the three of them could take on? The old library’s walls creaked and groaned as a strong breeze battered them.
Old walls.
Joyah ducked the sword of one of her opponents, faked jabbing her blade at his stomach, and hit his sword arm with her free hand. She didn’t need much strength for the move. All she needed was the knowledge of where to put a sharp hit to knock the sword from his hand.
Joyah had that knowledge.
His sword clanged away and disappeared into the darkness. Joyah swept his legs out from under him as she turned to block the blow from someone behind her. She hopped over the man on the floor, using his body to separate her from the shadowy figures surrounding her. Then she ran back at them.
This was the last thing they expected one of their victims to do, so they hesitated for a second. That was all she needed. Right before she ran into them Joyah dropped into a slide, her momentum taking her past them and allowing her to slit the back of the ankles of the ones nearest to her. Then she came to her feet again and took off running.
She ran over to Jeff, who was holding the men away from Archie while the old man took on anyone who got around to Jeff’s back. Joyah hopped into the circle and took her place fighting next to Jeff.
"I have an idea.”
“Now would be a really good time to tell us,” Jeff said.
“I can’t,” Joyah said, “but when I start putting it into action… duck…” Jeff ducked and Joyah lunged over to him to take out one of the assassins.  “…you two need to get back into the room,” she continued.
“How will we know when you put it into action?” Jeff asked.
“You’ll know.” With that Joyah ducked under a sword and rushed past the nearest shadowy figure. She felt a sharp pain on her shoulder, but there was no time to worry about it. She disappeared into the shelves.
Joyah ran through the isles, watching the layout of the shelves around her as she went. She realized that this was the absolute worst thing she could be doing. There were plenty of hiding places for the Assassin men to be lying in wait for her, but she didn’t see any other choice. She also analyzed the layout of the roof and walls. It was while she was doing this that the first guild man attacked.
Joyah’s instincts screamed out at her. She dropped into a crouch. It saved her life. A sword jabbed out of nowhere, cutting the air above her head, and then was gone as fast as a snake. Joyah sprung from her crouch, stabbing towards the direction of the sword. It was blocked, and the stroke was returned. As they fought she caught movement in the corner of her eye. It seemed more than a few had followed her.  If she was going to finish her plan without getting caught in an all-out fight she had to do something soon. So she did the last thing the assassin expected.
 She threw herself at him.
The assassin easily side stepped her, and she slammed into the shelf behind him. It tipped dangerously. Books cascaded down on top of them. Joyah, who had been anticipating this, rolled clear. The assassin, who had not, was bombarded by heavy books. Joyah took this second to run him through. She turned and ran, the guy’s buddies hot on her heals.
Joyah stopped around the next corner. The next assassin, a woman this time, ran around the corner after her and right into her sword. The person behind her managed to get his sword up to block her next blow, but she had taken him by surprise, so he was unable to block her attack after that. Joyah turned and ran again. Two rows down Joyah set up another surprise for her pursuers. If it weren’t for the fact that her friends might already be dead she might have been having fun.
She almost missed the black figures as they slipped silently around the corner. They blended into the shadows and moved as quietly as a breeze. They were ready for her to be around the corner this time. They sneaked down the aisle.
And Joyah jumped down on them from her perch higher up on one of the shelves.
One of them was impaled on her sword when she landed on their backs. Joyah had landed on the necks of two more, snapping their heads against the ground and knocking them out. The last one managed to roll away and come to his feet, sword at the ready. Joyah lunged forward, but her lunge was slow and slightly crooked. The man slid it aside easily and drew a hidden knife, ready to stab it into the side of his unprepared victim while they were so close.
What he wasn’t expecting was his “unprepared victim” to bring her foot down on his ankle, snapping something, and hit him in the chin with her elbow. The back of his head snapped back against the bookshelf behind him. Joyah flipped her grip on her sword so that the point was facing down and slammed her hilt up into the base of his skull. He dropped like a stone. She picked up his dagger, flipped it once experimentally, and then threw it down the aisle. The person who had gone around to cut her off came around the corner just in time to catch the dagger in the throat. It had mostly been luck that the blade hit instead of the handle, but she wasn’t complaining. She looked down at the man at her feet. “Thanks.” Then she stepped over him and ran off.
Joyah came out of the maze of bookshelves to find herself next to the table where Gilla had discovered the book with the Connarist necklace. To her left she could barely see the door where Jeff and Archie were holding off the Assassins. She was relieved to see both of them still alive. In the seconds that she had been away from them the Assassins had backed Jeff and Archie up until they were practically in the doorway of their research room. Joyah frowned. That was problematic. She’d have to make them come for her so they’d be in the right spot. She hopped up on the table. Time for some dramatic effect.
“Oh boooys!” The men fighting turned to look in her direction. Joyah stood on the table with her feet firmly planted, her sword in her hand, and her head tilted down so that her broad-brimmed hat cast a dramatic shadow that covered her face. She tilted her head back up a bit so they could barely make out her eyes. “Looking for this?” In her free hand she held up the jewel.
Jeff and Archie were completely forgotten. They all came for her, their need to get the jewel making them careless. Joyah judged their distance. This would have to be perfect. Showing them the jewel was a large gamble, and she had one shot to take them out. When they were in the right place, Joyah put her foot on one of the smaller bookcases and pushed.
When Joyah was very little her cousin Rick had taught her how to play dominoes. He had also shown her how if you set the dominoes up on their end and knocked one over, the others would all fall down. She bet that when he had shown her that Rick had never dreamed that it would come into any real help other than something to keep her occupied when she got bored.
The shelf fell, hitting a bigger shelf with a boom. That shelf gave out under the weight of the first one. As the first couple of shelves hit the ground the black figures stood there in confusion. Then they all broke into a run for a way out.
By then it was too late.
Joyah’s oversized dominoes hit the biggest shelf in the library. With a groan it tipped, slowly at first. Then it picked up speed and crashed into the wall of the library. The old bricks groaned under the weight, and then it too collapsed. The old ceiling no longer had anything to hold it.
Tons and tons of wooden ceiling collapsed down onto the Assassins.
Joyah, who had started running as soon as she had kicked over the first bookshelf, coughed on the dust billowing up from the fallen wood. Part of her worried how big the hole she had made in the ceiling was, but that wasn’t important just then. She really was mostly worried if her friends had remembered to get back into the research room in time.
She made her way back to the fallen ceiling. Her vision was slightly blurry. Most likely her eyes were tearing up from all the dust in the air. She couldn’t see any sign of life under the pile of ceiling. Joyah glanced up and was pleased to see that there was a large hole directly above through which she could see the starry night sky, but the hole didn’t go far enough into the library to cause any more damage.
“Joyah!”
Joyah sighed in relief and turned her attention back to the pile in front of her. She could hear Jeff calling to her from the other side.
“Jeff! Are you guys alright?!”
“Yes, we’re fine, though I think Archie’s going to have a seizure or something. You just destroyed his library!”
“Not all of it,” Joyah called back. “Just this corner. The rest of it is covered in dust, but otherwise fine.”
“You destroyed my library, Pain!” Archie yelled. “My poor beautiful books, the ancient ceiling, the tables!”
“Would you rather lose a corner of the library or your life?” Joyah retorted. “I’m sorry, Archie. The corner can be fixed, some of the books are ruined, but all of the assassins are dead. We’re alive and the jewel is safe. That’s what’s important, right?” She heard Archie sigh miserably.
“Yes, I guess it is. Thank you for saving us, Pain. But next time, please try to be a little less destructive?”
Joyah stepped up onto a board and peeked over the pile. Her balance wavered for a moment, which was unusual. She saw Jeff on the other side and Archie sitting on a board looking at the hole in the roof. Jeff waved.
“That was so cool! Wait until Gilla hears about this!”
“Think about that later,” Joyah told him. “Right now we need to move some of this so you guys can get over.”
“No,” Archie said. The teens blinked at him.
“Why, what’s wrong?” Jeff asked him. Archie stood up.
“Pain, when the Assassins do an operation like this they always have one person that watches from a safe distance so that there’s always someone to report back in case something goes wrong. You’ve got to stop him before he gets away.”
“Where would he be?” Joyah asked.
“Pretending to be a gargoyle on the r-” Archie stopped. “Pain, when did you get that?” He pointed to her shoulder. Joyah looked down at her shoulder and rubbed her eyes to get rid of the blurry vision. There was a thin red line on the side of her shoulder, just enough to cut through her shirt and knick her skin.
“I must have gotten it when I ran by one of those assassins. Whatever, it’s just a scratch.” Joyah rubbed her eyes again. Then she looked back down at her shoulder. Was it her or did her cut look a little green? “Oh tā māde.” The world blurred, began to tilt sideways, and then went black.


Chapter 4
Fleeing Guem


Someone was talking too loudly. It was making Joyah’s head pound. As her mind drifted along the voice got louder and clearer until she could make out what it was saying.
“…she going to be okay? I mean, she’s really tough, and you know what you’re doing, right? That means she’s going to be okay, right?”
“Yes, Jeff, she’ll be fine.”
Joyah opened her eyes a little bit. There wasn’t any painful light, so she opened her eyes all the way. She was staring up at the starry night sky with Archie and Jeff leaning over her.
When Jeff saw her eyes open he almost jumped for joy.
“She’s awake, she’s awake!”
Joyah winced at the loud noise.
“Hush, Jeff. You’re too loud,” Archie scolded. Jeff leaned over her again.
“How do you feel?”
For a moment Joyah was confused on where she was, and then the events of the night came rushing back to her.
Joyah sat up so suddenly she almost knocked heads with Jeff. A wave of nausea hit her, and she wrapped her arms around her stomach. She felt a strong, gentle hand rest on her back and slowly lower her to the ground.
“You shouldn’t sit up so fast,” Archie said gently. “Take it e-” Joyah sat up again just as suddenly as she had before. This time she was prepared for the nausea and managed to ignore it. She looked around.
She was lying in small alley with the library nowhere in sight.
“Where am I?”
“We had to move you away from the library,” Jeff told her. “Archie said that the Assassins would be back to get rid of the bodies of their assassins and that it wasn’t safe there. Are you alright?”
“Yes, fine. I got poisoned, right?”
Archie nodded. Joyah noticed that he was holding small jars filled with odd looking liquid.
“The assassins got you with a poisoned needle. Luckily for you I am familiar with the poisons the guild uses and counteracted it. I honestly have no idea how you managed to unconsciously fight it for so long.”
Joyah pushed herself to her feet before either of them could stop her. She swayed dangerously, and Jeff leaped to his feet and held her up. Her head was pounding, her ears were ringing, she felt sick, her shoulder burned.  The last time she had felt so weak she had just recovered from being sick for a week and hadn’t eaten anything but a bit of rice pudding. She leaned on Jeff as she fought to push these unpleasant feelings away.
Archie stood up, looking very disapproving.
“Pain, you’ve just been poisoned by one of the guilds that are the most experienced at doing just that. Actually, they might be the best guild because they most likely have men in the other guilds that are also very good at poisoning people. The only reason you’re alive is because they greatly underestimated your constitution and because one of their best poisoners was my uncle. You need to take it easy and rest.”
“There’s no time for that,” Joyah said. She stood on her own two feet again, ignoring her body’s protests. “They’ve made a direct assault on our lives. Did either of you stop their spy?”
“We were a little busy saving your life,” Jeff said.
“And that is greatly appreciated, I can assure you,” Joyah said honestly. “We’ve got to leave, before they come for us again. We could get our things and meet up at the gate before they bring reinforcements.”
“Not me,” Archie said. “I still need to make sure the library is in good hands, now more than ever. If I just leave people will start getting suspicious.”
“I hate to break it to you Archie, but people are a little more than suspicious,” Jeff said. “They just tried to kill you.”
“How did they find you anyway?” Joyah asked. “I thought you were in hiding.”
“I was in hiding,” Archie said. “But I believe being around the girl and boy with the jewel might have brought me into attention, just a little.” Joyah and Jeff glanced at each other. Oops.
“Sorry, Archie,” Jeff said. Archie shook his head.
“No, don’t be sorry. It has been years since I was in the race for the necklace. I believe it is time for me to join in once again. I will meet up with you in Laar and accompany you on the rest of your journey.” He glanced up and down the alley. “We’re wasting time. You two must go get your friend and leave the city immediately. I’ll meet you at Miss Faulet’s library as soon as I can.” Jeff and Joyah nodded.
 “Be careful, Archie,” Jeff said.
“Don’t worry about me,” Archie said. “Now get going.” They turned and started back down the alley. After taking a few steps Joyah stopped and turned around.
“Mal?”
“Yes?”
“Thank you. For everything.”
Mal met her gaze. “Take care, Joyah, and thank you for showing me the way to my redemption. I have known many strong women in my days, and I am glad to count you as one of them.” With that he turned and walked away. Joyah stood there for a moment watching him go, and then she hurried to catch up to Jeff.
The streets they used were deserted. Naturally they kept away from any streets adjacent to the road with the library on it. Policemen were all over those streets, and a large crowd had formed to see the destruction that had befallen the library. It would be best for them not to waste time having to explain themselves to anyone, not even to the men and women working for Jeff’s father. 
  Finally they came to a stone wall. It was just over their heads, but Joyah dreaded climbing it feeling the way she was.  Jeff knelt on the ground and linked his hands together.
“I’ll give you a boost over.”
“I can make it over,” Joyah said coolly. 
“You’ve just been poisoned,” Jeff retorted. “We need to save your strength for when the fighting begins.” Joyah scowled, but she swallowed her pride and put her foot in his hands so he could boost her up.
“Are you sure you’re strong enough to-” Joyah was cut off when he tossed her up high enough so she landed sitting on the wall. “Oh.” Feeling rather annoyed and embarrassed, Joyah swung her legs over the wall and dropped down the other side, landing in a perfect crouch in the Raymond’s back yard. As she stood up Jeff landed beside her. “Let’s go,” she said, and they took off in a run across the grassy lawn.
They entered the house through the kitchen door. The kitchen was dark and empty. It felt strange to not have it be full of light and noise. It showed just how much Joyah had gotten used to the Raymond household being full of joy in a few days. She hoped her coming there hadn’t ended that.
They didn’t meet anyone as they ran through the candle-lit halls, which was a good thing. Jeff led her through the servant’s hallways at the back of the house so less people could see them from the outside. When they got to Joyah’s room she said, “We’ll meet back here in five minutes and then head down to the kitchen.”
Jeff nodded and hurried off. Joyah went into the room she had stayed in in the past couple of days. She stood in the center of the room and looked around it. It was much grander than anything she had ever dreamed of back in her home village. She quickly picked up what little she had brought with her from her village and packed them into her bag. These people had given her so much when they didn’t even know her and all she had brought them in return was danger. She didn’t want to take any more from then than she had to.
Joyah met Jeff outside her room and they silently started back towards the kitchen.
“What are you going to tell your parents?” she finally asked him in a low voice. For a moment he didn’t answer. Even in the low light she could see the pain on his face.
“I don’t know. It might be best to just-” They rounded a corner and almost walked straight into his mother.
“What happened in the library?” Mrs. Raymond demanded.
The teens didn’t answer at first. Then Jeff found his voice and said, “We don’t kn-”
“I don’t want any of that, Jeffery Raymond. You may be able to fool your father but you’ll never fool me. You know more about this than you’re telling us and I want some answers.” She didn’t sound angry, but her voice was firm. Jeff stood with his mouth slightly open, completely lost for words.
“We can’t tell you, ma’am,” Joyah said. “I’m sorry, but if we tell you then the police will know, and they’re good people so they’ll try to do something about it. Then a lot of good people would get killed, and many of them won’t even be policemen.”
Mrs. Raymond folded her arms and studied Joyah.
“You’re going to try to stop whatever is causing the problem?”
“If we can.”
“Are you sure there’s nothing we can do to help?” Mrs. Raymond asked. She sounded almost pleading. “You’re just kids.” Jeff glanced at Joyah. For a moment Joyah was tempted to ask his parents to come with them. But…
“People need you here. If you leave then there’ll be no one here who knows that something is happening. We need people who will be prepared to react if this gets out of hand, and people with real authority to help us if it gets above our heads.”
Joyah felt like dirt. She was swooping in here and taking this poor woman’s son off on a wild journey that was most likely going to get them all killed. She expected her to start crying, or at least beg them not to go.
So she was really surprised when Mrs. Raymond nodded sadly but firmly and said, “You’ll need food from the kitchen. Follow me.” Joyah glanced at Jeff, but he was already following his mother. Joyah hurried to catch up.
Mrs. Raymond helped them get food for their journey and grilled them on what supplies they would need while she was doing it. She reminded them of all of the survival and fighting skills she knew, and then gave each of them a hug and a kiss. She held Jeff’s face between her hands and said sternly, “Remember everything you’ve been taught and don’t forget them in the heat of a fight. Listen to this girl, she knows what she’s doing, and above all come back alive!” She gave him another kiss and hug. “You’re a strong, resourceful boy, almost a man. I know you’ll make us proud.” Then she shooed them out the door.
Joyah walked out of the door after Jeff. Right before she closed it she stopped and looked back at Jeff’s mother.
“Mrs. Raymond?”
“Yes, dear?”
“I… I’m sorry. You’ve been so nice to me and all I’ve done is put you in danger.”
Mrs. Raymond gave her a small smile.
“Joyah, if my instincts are correct then a lot more people are going to be in danger very soon. We may not know your role in this yet, but I feel as if it will be a key one. If I could go back and do any of this over I wouldn’t, because if there are people in danger and I can help you on your way, then I will do anything I can to do so.” She gave Joyah one last hug. “Take care of Jeff for me,” she whispered in her ear.
Then she let her go and pushed her the rest of the way out the door. Jeff was standing outside, waiting for them.
“Bye, mom,” he said. Joyah could see he was holding back tears.
“Remember, don’t get killed,” she reminded them.
“We won’t,” Jeff promised her.
They would have stood there all night saying good-byes if Mrs. Raymond hadn’t gestured to the wall with her chin and said, “Get going.” She stood by the door watching them until Jeff boosted Joyah back over the wall and they disappeared from her sight.
Joyah glanced at Jeff as they ran down the dark streets.
“You alright?”
Jeff nodded. “It’s just hard to leave.”
Joyah looked ahead of her, remembering her small village, the peaceful countryside, and the ever-changing family she had left behind. She touched her collar and her chain necklace under it.
“Yeah, I know what you mean. But we have to if we want to protect them.” She looked at him and met his gaze. “We’re their protectors now; we’re doing this for them.” Jeff nodded and stood a little straighter.
“Yeah, for them.”
Joyah’s first look at Gilla’s house should have warned her of what she would find within if she had been paying attention to it. Mostly she was looking out for danger, so she missed the gaudy decorations that made it look like the owner had no sense of style and had them just because they seemed expensive.
They ran around to the back yard, which was full of clashing but expensive looking statues and shaped bushes. Joyah was a little embarrassed at how winded she was getting after a little run.
Jeff pointed to one of the windows on the second floor.
“That’s her room.”
Joyah gave him a sideways glance.
“How do you know where her room is?”
Jeff turned bright red.
“I... uh...  what’s wrong with knowing where her room is?!”
Joyah had to force herself not to smile.
“Nothing. Come on, let’s get her.”
Jeff picked up a small pebble and threw it at her window. After two more a face appeared at the window. Gilla saw them and immediately held up a finger telling them to wait.
Only a minute later and Gilla opened a back door to their left. She motioned for them to come inside. Joyah expected the room inside to be a kitchen like in Jeff’s house, but instead it was a dirty looking room filled with packages of dirt and gardening tools. Gilla closed the door behind them.
“How come everything exciting happens when I’m not around? You two look like you’ve been to the abyss and back!”
Joyah glanced down at herself. She was covered in dust and dirt, and there was a small red line of dried blood on her shoulder.
“Sorry to be so improper in your presence, your ladyship,” Jeff said sarcastically and gave Gilla a mocking bow.
“Your gown is much finer than our horrid street clothes,” Joyah teased.
Gilla turned red and glared at them both. She had on a flowing white nightgown that fell to the floor. It would have been incredibly formal if it wasn’t for the fact that it was torn at the hem of the skirt, sleeves, and neck.
“I had to rip the lace off. My mom had me looking like a freakin’ bride with all the lace and ruffles.” Gilla shook her head. “You guys can fill me in on the details of what happened while we go to my room. Oh, and be prepared for the decorations in here, I really meant it when I said my house is like a freakin’ museum.”
Gilla led them through a wooden door on the other side of the room and into a plain but very dirty hallway.
“So much for being a museum,” Jeff remarked. Gilla rolled her eyes.
“These are the servant’s hallways. You won’t find anything even close to nice-looking here.”
They followed her down the hallway and through another small door. When they stepped through it they entered a main hallway. Joyah stopped and almost gagged.
It was so gaudily decorated Joyah was amazed someone like Gilla hadn’t gone insane. Maybe that was why Gilla had ended up so rebellious and carefree. It was a defense mechanism. The walls were pink and decorated with pictures of vines bearing all kinds of fruit. There were golden frills where the walls reached the ceiling and floor, but even an inexperienced eye like Joyah’s could tell it was fake gold. On the ceiling were pictures of little winged naked babies, fruits and other foods, and clouds with sunrays. The best Joyah could say about it was that it was badly done.
Huge portraits and pictures covered the walls so that she could barely see the pink and designs under it. Huge gold frames that were made of more fake gold surrounded the paintings. (Though around some of the edges Joyah could make out wood poking out from beneath, so the frames weren’t even pure fake gold.) Spaced randomly down the hallway statues and other things that belonged in a museum stood on pedestals that looked like marble, but since everything else seemed fake Joyah guessed it was just painted. All in all, Joyah began to feel some more sympathy and respect for Gilla.
“Okay, I agree with you now,” Jeff said. “I like my house better.”
“Agreed,” Gilla said. “Come on, my room isn’t too far away. I suggest you keep your eyes on the disgustingly lush carpet as you go, it’s more bearable than anything else you might see.” As they went Joyah walked beside Gilla.
“Does your father like all of this, or is it just your mother?”
Gilla snorted. “My father is rarely home, and if he is then he’s always in his study. He lets my mother decorate the house and basically do anything she wants. I often wonder why he stays with her, but for some reason he seems to still be in love with her. I mean, they’re polar opposites, and she’s horrid to everyone, including him!”
Gilla led them up some stairs (which had railings with more fake gold covering wood), down a short hallway, and stopped outside a door (with, guess what, more fake gold covering wood!). Gilla turned to look at them.
“You can wait out of here while I change.” Then she disappeared inside. Joyah looked up and down the hallway.
“What do you think of this place?”
“I can’t think about it or I’ll be sick,” was Jeff’s answer. He was staring intensely at Gilla’s door. “I’m keeping my eyes glued to this door. A door gilded with fake gold is much better than anything else I might see.”
“I’m surprised you didn’t know about all of this,” Joyah said teasingly. “You seem to know a lot about her already.” Jeff leaned up against the door and glared at her, his face turning bright red again.
“I do not! I-”
At that moment the door opened again, sending Jeff crashing to the ground. He looked up to find himself at Gilla’s feet.
“Uh, hi Gilla.”
She shook her head. “If you stay on your feet for an hour straight, Jeffery Raymond, then that’ll be the day I’ll let my mother dress me up in her frilly outfits without complaining.” She reached down and yanked him to his feet.
Joyah was a little worried about what she would find in Gilla’s room, but she needn’t have. The walls and ceiling had scratches on them like someone had gone around ripping things off until only the wood was revealed. The carpet was also gone and had been replaced with long pieces of grass weaved together. The bed looked like someone had used a knife to shave off the outside wood, and it was covered with plain white sheets. On the right wall a bunch of hooks held many different bows, arrows, and a couple hunting knives. In fact, the only thing slightly girly in the room was a blue ceramic vase on the bedside table that held a single rose. Attached to it was a small note that said, ‘To my little rose, beautiful yet with thorns underneath. Love, Dad.’
“I like your room better than anything I’ve seen yet,” Jeff said.
“Me too,” Gilla agreed. “The only places not decorated by my mother are my room, the servant’s hallways, and my father’s study don’t open that!” Joyah had about to open a tiny closet on the right wall right next to a closet big enough for someone to walk into. As soon as Gilla said that Joyah pulled her hands away and lifted them like she was surrendering to someone with a sword at her throat.
“What’s in it?” Jeff asked.
“All the dresses and fancy stuff my mom makes me keep,” Gilla said as she started packing a leather bag with clothes. “It seemed such a waste putting such hideous stuff in my real closet, so I stuffed them in that. I think it was originally meant for shoes.” Gilla went over to her wall that held the weapons and took a knife down. She turned to her friends, looking troubled. “Do I have to leave some of these behind?”
“Are you going to be able to carry all of them?” Joyah asked. Gilla looked back at her weapons.
“I don’t know…”
“You can decide how much you bring, but remember we’re going to be traveling for a while and possibly going cross country,” Joyah said.
Gilla sighed. She took down four bows, strung one, and wrapped the other three in cloth. She attached them to her pack. Then she took down all of her quivers, slung one over her shoulder, and put the rest in her pack. She took her knives down and tucked them in various hidden sheaths.
Gilla looked at her remaining bows longingly.
“They’re such good models,” she said. This was the most emotion Joyah had ever seen the girl show. “Each one is perfect for a certain purpose.” Jeff and Joyah looked at each other.
“I’m sure your father will take care of them,” Jeff said. Gilla nodded.
“Alright, I’m ready. There’s just one more thing I have to do.” Gilla ran out of the room.
Jeff and Joyah looked at each other again.
“I don’t think she understands the true meaning of “ready”,” Joyah said.
They ran out of the room after Gilla and caught a glimpse of her disappearing around a corner.
“If we lose her then we’ll be stuck wandering around this place for hours,” Jeff said. Joyah shuddered at the idea. They ran down the hallway and around the corner. Gilla was disappearing into a side room. They ran up to the door and stopped. Joyah’s head was pounding from the short run and she felt like she needed to sit down. She rolled her shoulder. It was on fire.
“How are you?” Jeff asked her.
“I’m fine,” Joyah said confidently. She pushed open the door and walked in with Jeff right behind her.
The room inside was plain and messy. The walls and ceiling were white, and the floor was hard wood. A large desk that was covered in papers took up the left wall. A candle took up the only space not covered by papers. A single chair stood in front of it, and a high wooden stool sat next to the chair. Behind the stool and covering up the far wall was a large bookcase full of law books. There were smaller bookcases to the right and left of the door through which they had just entered.
The right wall was the only one visible. It had a couple portraits of the family starting from when Gilla’s parents were young up and ranging to when Gilla was a teenager. In the beginning paintings Gilla’s father was a shy looking young man and her mother was a joyful, carefree woman. Gilla’s father had the same round face that Gilla had. As the paintings got more recent both of her parents got older and her mother began to look stricter and wore more formal, uptight outfits.
Gilla was leaning over the desk and writing something on a piece of paper with a quill pen.
“This was my favorite spot in the house,” she said without looking up. “It’s my father’s sanctuary, and mine. My mother never comes in here. It’s the only spot in the house besides my room that she has no control over. I always used to come here to escape her, and I still do.” She straightened and pointed to the stool. “I’d sit on that and watch him work. Sometimes we’d talk, basically about anything. Mostly he’d just work. He taught me how to use the bow, how to fight, and how to hunt, you know. It wasn’t often he’d come to the country house, but when he did it was special.” Her mood turned melancholy and she turned and laid the letter down on the desk. Jeff walked over to her and laid a hand on her shoulder. She smiled at him. Joyah thought she might have seen some tears in her eyes.
They left the study. Gilla closed the door softly behind her. It gave a slight click of finality as it closed.
Gilla turned to face them, her carefree smile back on her face.
“So, what new place are we going to now?”
“We’re off to Laar to find Mal’s friend, Miss Faulet,” Joyah said.
“Who’s Mal?” Gilla asked.
“Laar’s the main city of this Region,” Jeff said. “It’s where the Lord lives.”
“Miss Faulet was Archie’s friend,” Gilla said. “Is ‘Mal’ Archie?”
“That means this will be interesting,” Joyah said. “Gilla, do you think you could get us out of here before we all get sick?”
“Definitely,” Gilla said. “The sooner I’m gone from these halls the better.”
Gilla led them out of her house and back to the street. From there Jeff took the lead and led them through back streets. The houses on the outskirts of the city were very rundown. Some of them had boarded up windows, and some were completely empty. Garbage rolled around in the street. It didn’t look like a safe place to be, which made Joyah wonder what they were doing there. She felt like a dozen hostile eyes were watching her every move. It was a definite change from her safe little village where everyone knew everyone.
“Why would a nice city have a horrid place like this?” Joyah whispered to Jeff.
“Every city has a section like this,” he answered, not in a whisper. His voice seemed to echo strangely through the dreary place. “Outlaws are always attracted to cities, it’s easy to hide. Ours is a smaller area than others because my father does a good job of getting the riff raff off the street, but there’s no way to catch all of them. It’s not a great place to be after dark.”
“Then why are we here?” Joyah asked in a low voice.
“We’re less likely to be stopped here,” Jeff said. He was remaining unaffected by the atmosphere of the place and was completely confident. “Don’t worry, no one will bother us. After all, I am the Constable’s son.”
“Then why is someone following us?” Gill asked. She also seemed to be unaffected by the atmosphere and was as cheery as ever.  Jeff stopped and stared at her.
“What?”
 “We’re being followed,” she repeated. “They’ve been following us for a while now. Don’t worry, they’re too bad at it to be anyone skilled, so they’re none of those guys that jumped you in the library.”
Joyah scanned the area with her eyes without moving her head. There were people hidden behind different buildings and alleyways, and they didn’t look friendly.
“Gilla’s right,” Joyah said in a low voice.
Gilla asked, “Since they aren’t those guild men does that mean they aren’t hostile?”
“Hey, Raymond!” One of the people following them stepped out from behind a building. Jeff sighed.
“Nope, they’re definitely hostile.”
“Raymond!” the man yelled again. He started walking towards them. The rest of the people following them rushed out of the shadows and surrounded them, but they kept their distance.  Jeff turned to look at the speaker.
“What do you want?”
“You’re in a bad side of town, Raymond,” the man said. As he got closer Joyah recognized him as Julius, the man who had bothered them a couple days before when they were first going to the library. “I bet daddy wouldn’t like to find you here. Or maybe you’re avoiding him. I wonder what trouble you’ve gotten yourself into.”
“My business is none of yours,” Jeff said coldly.
Julius kept walking towards them. Joyah didn’t like his smile. Finally Jeff demanded again, “What do you want?”
“I heard you’re leaving,” the man sneered. Joyah glanced at Jeff. She could tell he had no idea how Julius could have found that out. Julius could too, and he gave a nasty laugh. “You know what that means, Raymond? That means no one will be expecting to see you for a long time.” Jeff’s eyes narrowed. Joyah saw his hand creep towards his sword. Her hand was already resting on hers. The man’s evil smile grew. “Your daddy isn’t around to protect you this time, boy.”
“Oh, this is stupid!” Everyone turned to stare at Gilla. She marched right up to Julius, put her hands on her hips, and glared up at him. “We don’t have time for you! We’ve got bigger fish to fry, so why don’t you just bug off and leave us alone!” Gilla’s right, Joyah thought. Compared to the guildsmen these people are a joke.
Joyah drew her sword. The men in the circle all tensed and drew their own weapons, ready for a fight. Instead of attacking, Joyah walked up to the men blocking their path and looked them strait in the eyes.
"We’re not scared of you. Get out of our way.”
At first they looked angry, and then for some reason they began to look uncertain. One of them even lowered his club. For a moment Joyah had a glimmer of hope that they might get out of this without wasting time in a pointless fight.
Her hopes were thrashed when Julius grabbed Gilla roughly by the collar.
“Now listen here, you little runt-” He didn’t get to finish his sentence because Jeff rammed the hilt of his sword into his gut. The man doubled over and dropped Gilla. Jeff hit him with the hilt of his sword again, only this time in the chin. Julius fell backwards to the ground. The men in the circle immediately jumped into the fight. Joyah took a couple running steps, kicked off the back of one guy who had stooped down to pick up his dropped club, and flying-kicked a big burly man in the side of the head. He dropped like a stone. Almost before her feet had touched the ground she turned and hit the man she had just vaulted off of with a spinning kick. He fell like his comrade.
Joyah didn’t have time to think about him, though, because she already had to turn and block a club from someone else. The guy was strong and would have broken through her defenses if she had blocked it head on. Instead she put her sword at an angle and slid it off to one side. His momentum carried him past her, and she brought her knee up to hit him in the gut on the way by. She brought the hilt down at the base of his skull, and he went down like the rest. She had been right before, these guys were a joke. They were so slow and unskilled she could have danced around them all night if they didn’t have to deal with them quickly. They had to get away before the real threat found them.
Joyah glanced at her friends to see how they were doing as she weaved through the gang members, causing havoc. Gilla had her bow out and was firing arrows rapidly into the ranks of the men. Every arrow hit someone different, and they always hit where it would be painful enough to put them out of action but not kill them. She was backing up as she went, but that was okay. She wasn’t in danger and the gang members were mostly trying to move away from her. None of them wanted to face an enemy that could get them from a distance. Jeff was on the other side of the fight from Joyah. He wasn’t as fast as Joyah, but with this enemy he didn’t need to be. These people were just so slow. So, her friends were fine and there were only a few gang members left. Most had either run off or were already taken down. Things could have been worse.
That was when she saw someone rise up from the ground behind Jeff. It was Julius. His jaw was swollen, possibly broken, and he had an angry, crazy gleam in his eyes.
“Jeff, look out!” Joyah yelled. Jeff looked up at her and went to turn around.
Julius caught his sword hand with one hand and his throat in the other. He squeezed Jeff’s sword hand until the boy cried out in pain and the sword fell to the street. Then the man lifted Jeff off his feet so that they were face-to-face, said something Joyah couldn’t hear, and started to tighten his grip.
A blow glanced off Joyah’s shoulder, reminding her that she was still in combat. Her shoulder erupted into agony, making her give an angry yelp. The guy who had hit her cheered because he was the only one to have gotten a hit on the strange, fast girl. This cheer ended when Joyah whipped around and punched him in the nose with more force than she had thought she could produce. She felt something crack under her hand, and he fell back howling.
 Joyah turned and dodged through the remaining gang members. They grabbed at her, but they couldn’t catch her. Her anger and pain gave her speed and her fear gave her strength. When she was clear of the crowed she took a couple steps and kicked off the ground. She launched herself into the air and landed a flying kick directly in Julius’ face.
The man fell backwards and Jeff dropped to the ground. Joyah kicked Julius in the head again partly to make sure he was really out this time and partly because she wanted to. Then she dropped to a knee beside Jeff. She was incredibly relieved to see that he looked dazed and bruised, but alive. She heard Gilla’s soft foot falls run up behind her. She had finally managed to get around the semicircle of men that had formed around her during the fight.
“Alright, the next person to step forward gets an arrow through his head! And I never miss!”
“Why didn’t you do that before the fight began?!” Joyah asked, looking over her shoulder at Gilla.
Gilla looked back at her. Joyah could see she was almost in tears.
“I... I didn’t think of it then. I’m so sorry.”
Joyah sighed. She spoke gently to her.
“It wasn’t your fault, Gilla. Don’t blame yourself."
Joyah helped Jeff to his feet and put her arm around him, supporting him. She turned her gaze to the men Gilla was holding at bay. Some of them shrunk away from her a bit at her look. When she spoke her voice was soft, but it was cold and held such venom the ones who had not shrunk away at her look back off at her voice.
“If any of you ever come near one of us ever again then I will kill every one of you. No warning and no nonfatal shots. I. Will. Kill. You. Now get out of my sight.”
They all scurried away as fast as their cowardly legs could take them.
The trio left the street and stopped in a small, but safer, alley. Jeff sat down and leaned against a wall.
“Keep watch and your bow ready,” Joyah told Gilla. “We aren’t going to be caught unawares again.” Gilla nodded and stood straighter, trying to look confident instead of worried and upset.
“Nothing will get by me.” She hopped up on a dumpster and crouched, watching the ends of the alley. Joyah walked over to Jeff.
“Are you alright?” Joyah asked him. He nodded. “Next time, let’s not go down a street where a gang that hates you might hang out, okay?” He nodded again. “Can you talk?” she asked. This time he looked up at her.
“I’m alive, aren’t I? If I’m alive I can talk.” He was hoarse, but he sounded okay.
Joyah sat down next to him. “What’s wrong?” He looked away again. “If you’re upset about taking us down that road then don’t be,” she said. “It was a mistake. You thought they wouldn’t dare go after us. There was no way you could know they’d be that brash.” He finally turned to look at her.
“I was so sure nothing like that would ever happen, that I’d know when they got angry enough to take a chance like that so I’d be able to steer clear of them. But I couldn’t.”
Joyah shifted so she was on her knees.
“You are streetwise, Jeff,” she said. “Probably more than Gilla who’s spent half of her life in the country and definitely more than me who’s spent my whole life in the country. And you know more about these street gangs and what they do than we do, too. It’s just that strange stuff is happening and things are going to start changing. Sometimes things are going to happen that we don’t expect, and there’s nothing we can do about it but do our best to ride it out.” She stood up and held out her hand to him. He took it and she pulled him to his feet. “Besides, you’ve already saved my life. I needed the opportunity to return the favor.” Jeff snorted.
“If you’re keeping track of that then you’ve got a lot of work ahead of you.”
They joined Gilla the dumpster. She immediately jumped off and threw her arms around Jeff, almost hitting Joyah with the arrow nocked on her bow.
“I’m so glad you’re alright!”
“I bet he’s glad you feel that way right about now,” Joyah said.
“Shut up, Joyah,” Jeff said. Joyah looked up and down the alley.
“Our trip out of here has been way too exciting. Let’s go before something else fun happens.”
Joyah led the way out of the alley and then stepped aside, motioning for one of the other two to take the lead. Gilla looked at Jeff. For a moment he looked like he wanted her to go first, but then Gilla gave him a shove and sent him into the lead.
“You do know you live here too, right?” Jeff told her.
“You’re the guide,” Gilla said. “Now shut up and do your job.” Jeff rolled his eyes and started down the street to their right.
They made it out of the city with no more trouble. The road stretched on across farmlands until it disappeared into woods in the distance. This, heading out on this road with them, this feels right, Joyah thought. I guess I won’t have to be going on my Journey alone after all.
“So, where to now?” Gilla asked. Jeff grinned.
“Next stop, Laar.”

The shadow leaped across the rooftops. It moved so silently not even the pigeons knew it was there. It paused by a chimney and looked back. The library was lit from the lights the crowd around it held. Stupid people. That had been a disaster. They would have to keep a watch on the Constable from then on, make sure he wasn’t getting ideas.
The shadow took off again. It jumped from roof to roof, window to window, ledge to ledge. Finally it pulled itself up onto a flat roof.
“You’re late.”
The rasp came from the darkness near the chimney. The shadow strained his eyes to see the speaker, but he could not. Not for the first time he marveled at how his superiors could blend in so well.
“I went looking for them,” he told the shadow. Of course it was not his real voice. All of them changed how they sounded into a hissing, rasping thing so no one could identify them.
“That was against orders,” the hidden man said.
“I know,” he said. “But, I felt the circumstances had changed.”
“Go on.”
The shadow took a breath.
“I could not find them. They proved what I’d feared. The traitor is with them.”
The other shadow did not reply right away.
“Mallew Archibald,” he said finally. He sounded distant, like he was talking more to himself than the other man. “The only one to get away. We won’t be able to come after him while he’s in the city. The destruction of his library will keep too many eyes on him. And those children…” His rasp turned sharp. “We’ve underestimated them. There will be no more inexperienced men going up against them.” He thought for a moment. “Let’s send more men.”
The shadow blinked. He could not believe it. They had just lost over a dozen members and destroyed a library and this guy’s answer was to send in a larger, more conspicuous group? Who the abyss was this idiot?
“Do you really think that it wise?” asked the shadow.
“You doubt my judgment?” his superior demanded. 
“No,” he began. “I was just-”
“I am in charge of this expedition,” his superior interrupted. “Do you wish to challenge me?”
“No,” he said again. He could not believe where the hierarchy was headed.
“I have made my decision,” the man continued. “Go now and get even more, more experienced men. And…” he paused for a moment in thought. “Send her out to lead them.” Her. The shadow knew who that was. If someone was to go up against these children it would be her. The shadow departed from the rooftop, hoping that the last decision was a sign that this guy wasn’t as stupid as he seemed.


Chapter 5
Enya


“It’s a really good thing we know exactly where we’re going, otherwise we’d be really lost right now,” Gilla said. “It’s a good thing you can just feel which way is the right way to go, Joyah. I wish my feelings were a compass like yours are.”
“May I remind you, Gilla, that I have never been outside my village before I left on my Journey,” Joyah said. “If anyone here were to know the way, it would definitely not be me. As for feeling which way to go, I’m getting nothing right now.”
“Gee, what a reliable source for direction,” Gilla said as she hopped up onto a bolder near the road.
They were standing at a crossroad in the middle of farmland. Jeff was sitting on the side of the road with a map as the girls stood in the middle of the crossroads, looking in every direction for a clue of where they might be going next.
“Calm down, Gilla,” Jeff said. “I think we have to take the road to the left. That should eventually take us back through the forest and bring us to Laar.”
“Do you see anyone following us?” Joyah asked Gilla. She was standing on a boulder near where the roads met.
Gilla looked back at the way they had come and shielded her eyes from the sun.
“Nope. If those guys in black were to be following us, wouldn’t they keep hidden in the day and kill us in our sleep at night?”
Joyah bit her lip. She hadn’t thought of that.
“I guess we’ll have to set up watches during the night.”
“Great,” Jeff groaned. “Less sleep for everyone.”
“If you want to have your throat slit in the night, Jeffery Raymond, then be my guest,” Gilla snapped at him. “But I’d rather keep myself in one piece.”
“You know, Gilla,” Joyah commented, “for someone who looks and sounds so sweet you sure have an attitude.”
“Bite me.” Gilla jumped off the bolder. “So, the left road?” Jeff re-checked the map.
“Yup, that would be the one.”
“Then let’s get going!” Jeff rolled up his map and put it back into his bag. He slung it over his shoulder and they started off down the left road.
The sun was hot on their backs as they walked. At first Joyah kept careful watch on their surroundings in case of an ambush, but as the day went on her attention wavered. Jeff got her into a conversation about what they had learned in their combat training over the years. Joyah told him about her attempts to focus her mind and energies through crystals.
“That’s amazing,” he said in awe. “How does it work?”
“It’s all about focus,” she said. “Everything there is has this sort of energy that flows through them. It connects everything together. The world revolves on the balance of these energies, like the pull of the moon on the tide, day and night, the rhythm of your heart, or the way the world spins on its axis without wobbling. When you focus on a crystal you can tap into this balance and do amazing things.”
“Why a crystal?” Gilla asked, coming up on Joyah’s other side to listen.
“A crystal is a prism,” Joyah said. “Just like it refracts light it can change the natural flow. It’s best if you have crystals arranged in a formation. It then creates a pattern for the energies and lets them get into a state of balance that helps you.”
“Can you show us?” Jeff asked. Joyah shrugged.
“I haven’t been able to do it yet. Besides, we don’t have a crystal.”
“Yes we do!” Gilla said. “The jewel from the necklace!”
Joyah stopped. She slowly reached into her pocket and drew out the red stone. She held it in her palm and stared down as it flashed in the sun, leaning over it slightly. Her friends leaned over it with her so they were almost bumping heads. As they gazed at it the red sea seemed to form an endless pit that went down forever. They felt as if they could see the energies of nature Joyah had talked about and a different form of power swirl around in its everlasting depths.
Joyah spoke first.
“No. I don’t know what will happen if I try to tap into powers like this. It’s much bigger than my current abilities. I don’t want to mess with it.”
They straightened and looked at each other, breaking the trance.
“You’re right,” Jeff said. He put his hand over Joyah’s and closed her fingers around the stone. “Let’s keep this hidden until we get to the Sanctuary.” The girls nodded in agreement, and Joyah put the stone back into her pocket.
They started walking again. It wasn’t long before they saw something in the distance.
“It looks like a village,” Joyah said.
Jeff pulled out his map. “It’s a town, Joyah, not a village. It’s called Tayne.”
“What’s the difference?” she asked.
“A village is a bunch of huts bunched together in a tiny community. They’re not even marked on the map,” Gilla told her. “A town is organized with houses and shops and offices and businesses and government and-”
“I get the picture,” Joyah interrupted.
The town buildings were mostly made of stucco walls and red bamboo roofs. The main road went directly through the center. The shops and businesses lined the main road while homes were on smaller streets behind them. Tayne was a small town, but it was still many times larger than Joyah’s village. There were some horses pulling small wooden wagons with large wheels, but mostly people walked on foot. There weren’t many people on the streets, which didn’t bother Joyah because she didn’t know what to expect from a town.
They walked down the main road, looking at the buildings around them.
“I don’t like it, it’s too quiet,” Jeff said. “Towns are usually busy.”
“Maybe we should find a place to eat,” Gilla suggested. “We could find out why it’s so empty here while we’re there.”
“Are there places where people go to buy food?” Joyah asked, her curiosity aroused. Gilla nodded.
“A restaurant is a fancy place where you can buy a meal. A tavern is mostly where people go to get drunk, but they sell some food there. Inns sell food and rent out a place to sleep.”
“Wow,” Joyah said. “Imagine, a place where they sell pre-made meals.” I’m learning something new about the world every day, she thought.
“A small place like this will most likely only have an Inn,” Jeff said. “I bet there has to be at least one.”
It didn’t take long for Jeff to find the Inn. It was named simply “Inn.” Jeff opened the sliding paper door, which was ripped so much that Joyah doubted that it would stay up any longer. The room beyond was large compared to anything she would find in her village, but she bet that to Jeff and Gilla it was small. There were many round tables spaced randomly around the wooden room, and a bamboo bar took up the right wall. Wooden stools stood in front of the bar. A man was cleaning it with a rag. To the right of the door was a staircase.
There were a few people in the room. Some men and women sat at the bar drinking something alcoholic that Joyah didn’t recognize, and a couple people sat at some of the tables eating. Women wearing plain brown qipaos that fell to just below their knees wandered through the tables serving the people seated there.
Jeff led them over to a table in the back corner. Joyah sat with her back facing the corner so she could survey the room. A bored looking woman came up to their table with a bunch of stiff paper under her arm.
“What would you like?”
“Something to eat, please,” Jeff said politely.
The woman sighed and slapped the papers onto the table. “Here are your menus, I’ll be back soon.” She turned and walked away. Jeff and Gilla reached for the stacks of paper.
“What are menus?” Joyah asked.
“These are menus,” Gilla said, holding up her paper. She unfolded it twice to show writing on the inside. “They show what the inn has for food and drink. We find something we want, tell it to the barmaid, and then she brings it for us.”
“Neat,” Joyah said as she reached for a menu. It took her a moment to figure out how to open it.
There so were many new things on the menu Joyah didn’t know what she wanted!
“There’s not much to eat here,” Gilla complained. “They must not get a lot of business if they’re so small.”
“We’re in a small town, Gilla,” Jeff reminded her. “Small towns are going to have small selection.” When the barmaid came back they told her what they wanted. She wandered back through an arch behind the bar.
Joyah could barely stay in her seat. “Is she really going to bring us a full meal?” Joyah tried to peer through the arch, dying to see what was behind it. Unfortunately it was impossible to see anything back there from her seat.
While Joyah was marveling at the thought of someone else cooking their meal for money, Jeff was scanning the room. “There’re not many people here either. I wonder why this town is so deserted.”
“Maybe this place is too poor and people moved away,” Gilla suggested.
“But the buildings are so nicely made,” Jeff said. “A poor town wouldn’t have nice clean buildings. It would have some rundown shacks.” Jeff thought for a while. “Maybe something’s happening here, so everyone is hiding inside their homes.” This got Joyah’s attention.
“You mean these people are in trouble?”
Jeff shrugged. “It’s just a theory.”
“If they’re in trouble then we’d have to help,” Joyah said. Jeff leaned closer to her to keep from being overheard.
“Joyah, we have to get the jewel to the Sanctuary safely. If we stop in every town that has a problem and get in the middle of it, then we’d be putting our mission in danger.”
Joyah’s eyes narrowed. “I don’t like leaving people when they need help.”
“I don’t like it either,” Jeff agreed, “but what we’re doing is much more important than one little town.”
Joyah was about to retort when Gilla inserted herself into the conversation.
“Hey, how about we find out what’s wrong first?”
“How are we going to do that?” Jeff asked.
“Like this,” she said.
Gilla stood up and walked towards the bar. Jeff made a grab at her but missed.
“I don’t think that’s a good idea!”
She marched right up to the bar and leaned on it to talk to the man behind it.
“Hey, I was just wondering why this place is so empty.” The man glowered at her. “Not the inn, silly,” Gilla said. “The town. There’s practically no one in the streets.”
“You from outa town, girl?” the man growled. Gilla nodded happily.
“Yup, just passing through! I just happened to notice that everything’s so empty, and I was wondering if something was up.”
“You oughta keep your nose outa other people’s business, little girl,” he said. “You’ll get into a lot of trouble that way.” Joyah sighed through her nose.
“She’s going to get nowhere that way.” Joyah stood up and walked up to the bar before Jeff could protest.
Gilla was leaning even farther across the bar, her face pink from anger.
“Look jerk, I’m trying to be friendly and helpful so if you’re going to be this way then I’m going to-”
Joyah grabbed her and pulled her away from the bar. Then she sat down on the stool between Gilla and the bar, crossing her legs to give herself a relaxed look. She tilted her head down so her hat hid her face, hoping it made her seem mysterious.
“A drink.”
“What kind?” the man asked. Joyah thought really fast.
“Whiskey.” She had once tried whiskey on her fifteenth birthday and had hated it, but it was the only alcoholic drink other than rum and wine that she knew. The man turned away and started to fill up a glass.
Gilla put a hand on her shoulder and leaned down to hissed in her ear.
“What are you doing?!”
Joyah rolled her shoulder, forcing Gilla to let go of her.
Then man turned back and slid a glass across the bar to Joyah. She caught it and was glad to see that she hadn’t let a drop spill. She put a coin on the bar and flicked it across to the man, who pocketed it. Very slowly she took a sip. It made her want to gag, but she showed nothing. Instead Joyah kept her eyes on the man behind the bar as he served some other people. People eventually can sense when they’re being watched, and the man was no exception. He glanced around. Joyah slowly smiled to herself. She’d gotten his attention. Perfect.
The man came and leaned on the bar in front of her with one elbow as she took another slow, painful sip.
“Where you from, stranger?”
“A long way from here,” she said, keeping her voice low with a hint of mystery and danger. She crossed her arms over her chest. “I’ve been some seeing some strange things around these parts.” The man grunted.
“These are strange times.”
Joyah slid her finger around the rim of her glass.
“Deserted streets, an eerie quiet, and a place like this deprived of the many customers it deserves. Seems to me like this town has gotten itself into a little trouble.”
The man’s confidence grew from her false compliment. He leaned across the bar, glancing around to make sure no one was listening in.
“There are these men that have been hanging around town lately. They bully people into giving them what they want. They’re a bunch of thugs, but no one is willing to challenge them. They come in here every day around this time. I suggest you clear out soon, stranger. They don’t like foreigners.”
Joyah took another slow, torturous sip, looking at the bar instead of the man.
“Don’t worry.”
The man grunted and went to another customer. Joyah turned in her seat so she could lean on the bar.
“How come he called me “girl” but he called you “stranger”?” Gilla asked.
“You acted like a curious little girl,” Joyah told her. “I acted like a mysterious foreigner.” Joyah looked at her glass with loathing. “I hate this stuff. The only reason I got it was to complete the image. I hope I never have to do this again.”
“Are you coming back to the table now? We have everything we need,” Gilla said. Joyah stood up, leaving her glass on the bar.
“Definitely.”
As Joyah sat back down in her chair she touched her fingers to her lips.
“I think I’m going to puke. That stuff was nasty.”
“Was that all really necessary?” Jeff asked.
“It got us the information we wanted,” Joyah pointed out. “This town is being terrorized by a bunch of thugs. They’ve been bullying the people here into doing what they want. Actually, they’re going to come here soon.” Jeff grimaced and rubbed his throat.
“I think we’ve dealt with enough thugs this week. I say we eat and then clear out.”
Gilla scowled.
“Fine. You’re the one who almost got strangled by the last bunch of thugs we dealt with, so I guess it’s your call.”
“Joyah?”
Joyah crossed her arms and leaned back in her chair, tilting her head down so her hat hid her face.
“Whatever.”
The bored barmaid returned with their food. She set it down and Jeff paid her. The three ate in silence. That is until Gilla got bored of the silence and started a conversation with Jeff. The “conversation” was mostly Gilla talking and Jeff occasionally saying something, but that appeared to be fine with Gilla. Joyah could tell that Jeff was unhappy with his own decision, but they all knew their first responsibility was to protect the jewel. Plus Joyah guessed that the memory of almost being strangled still haunted him.
When they finished their meal Gilla explained that the barmaid would come and take it away. Joyah just nodded. She was in the same position she had been when they had started their meal. Gilla looked at Jeff and shrugged, unable to read their friend’s mood.
Just then the front door opened. The person who opened it did it roughly, putting more holes in it. Now they knew where the rips were from. Two large men and one buff woman entered, talking loudly. One of the men had brown hair smoothed flat to his head. The other was bald with a very red face. Immediately all the conversation in the room stopped. Jeff and Gilla glanced nervously at Joyah, but she hadn’t reacted. That was because she was watching the new comers from under the brim of her hat.
The three newcomers swaggered up to the bar, still laughing loudly.
“Three beers, on the house!” the brunet man yelled at the man behind the bar. The bar man nodded hurriedly and rushed to fill the brunet’s request, nearly bowling over a barmaid in the process.
The red faced one spotted Joyah, Jeff, and Gilla in the corner. He hit his buddies on the shoulder and gestured toward the table. They strutted over to where the three teens sat. The red-faced guy leaned on the table with both hands and looked across it at Joyah.
“You’re a stranger around these parts.”
Gilla looked at Jeff.
“It’s like we’re invisible.”
“No,” Jeff said. “We just don’t look dangerous.”
“What brings you to town?” Red-faced guy asked Joyah, sneering. His buddies chuckled. Joyah didn’t answer. The three thugs stopped laughing and looked at each other. Then red-faced guy slammed his hands down on the table, making Gilla and Jeff jump. “I asked you a question!”
“Just passing through,” Joyah said quietly. “Nothing more.” He leaned closer.
“You looking for trouble, stranger?”
“As I said,” Joyah said. “We’re just passing through.”
“Good,” he sneered.
The thugs went back to the bar where the bar man had set out three large mugs filled to the brim with brown liquid. As she watched them chug it down, Joyah couldn’t help but wonder how they could stand it. Her stomach was churning from just watching them drink it.
The bar man stood watching them. The brunet noticed him.
“Watcha standing there for?”
The bar man looked terrified.
“Well, I, uh…” He gestured helplessly at the drinks. The woman got it.
“We said it’s on the house, didn’t we?!”
“Oh, yes ma’am.”
“Are you trying to contradict us?!”
“N-no ma’am.”
“Then leave! You’ve got other customers waiting!”
“Yes, ma’am.” The bar man hurried off.
Joyah saw movement out of the corner of her eye. A nervous looking man was trying to sneak away from the table across from her without being seen. Joyah’s eyes narrowed. What made this man suddenly brave enough to try to escape when everyone else in the room was frozen?
Unfortunately for the man Joyah wasn’t the only one who had seen him. The brunet suddenly sat up straight and barked, “Hey, Davis!” The man, Davis, immediately sat down in his seat and cowered in fear. The three thugs marched over to the poor man and stood around his chair. “You owe us some money, Davis Otani,” the brunet said. It sounded like he was trying to sound friendly, but didn’t mean it.
“Oh, oh yes,” Davis said. He hurriedly dug all the coins from his pockets and deposited them in the brunet’s hand. The brunet passed them to the women, who counted them. She smiled evilly at Davis.
“This isn’t as much as you owe us.”
“W-well, I have some at my house,” Davis stuttered. “T-t-t-tomorrow. I can come back tomorrow and pay you full!”
“That’s what you said last week, and the week before that,” the red-faced guy said menacingly. “Are you trying to cheat us, Davis?”
“No!” Davis cried. “I, I…” He looked at the other men at his table for help, but they had all found something very interesting in their mugs. The brunet put his hands on the table and leaned over the man.
“Do you know what we do to people who cheat us, D-”
Joyah kicked the chair across from her, sending it sailing straight into the brunet’s behind. The man slammed into the table and bounced back to the floor, holding his butt. Then he leaped to his feet and whipped around, his face almost as red as the red-faced guy. Gilla and Jeff reached for their weapons.
“I got this, guys,” Joyah murmured so only they could hear her. Then she shot to her feet and swept off her hat in one grand gesture, letting her red curls fall freely around her shoulders. She looked the brunet guy straight in the eyes. He pointed at her.
“You’re going to pay for that!”
The brunet grabbed the mug that Davis had been using and hurled it across the table at Joyah. She tilted her head to one side. She felt it go past her ear close enough to hit her curls. Then she put one foot on the table and pushed. It slid across the floor and caught the three in the thighs, pinning them to the table behind them. They howled in rage. They grabbed the edge of the table and flipped it over, sending it flying. Gilla and Jeff dove out of the way. Joyah crouched down and let it go above her head as the top became parallel to the floor. It crashed down behind her.
Joyah shot up out of her crouch straight at the brunet. She hit him in the chest and sent him flying backwards. He crashed into a table, which broke beneath him. The people at the table scattered. He started to climb to his feet, roaring in rage. These guys were tough; Joyah had to give them that. Red-faced guy roared and swung one beefy hand at her. She ducked it and grabbed his wrist, using his momentum to help her flip him over her head and down onto another table. The woman tried to grab Joyah while her back was turned, but before she could touch her Joyah elbowed her in the gut. She whipped around and punched the woman in the face. The woman fell back, holding her broken nose.
By that time brunet man was on his feet. He grabbed a mug and flung it at her, following it with a punch. Joyah easily dodged the mug and dropped to a crouch to one side, sweep kicking him. He toppled forward and face planted into the wall. He dropped to the ground unconscious. Red-faced guy let out a war cry and charged her. She stepped to one side and stuck out a foot. He tripped and went flying over the bar. He crashed into a wall full of glass mugs on the other side. Two down.
“Stop!”
Joyah turned to see who had given the command. It was the woman. She was standing out of arm’s reach of Joyah with a knife at Davis’s throat.
“Don’t take another step, little girl, or I spill this guy’s blood all over the floor.” Joyah held up her hands and shrugged, showing unconcerned surrender. Inside she was searching for an advantage. The woman smiled nastily. “Right. Now, I want you to-” There was the sound of shattering glass and the woman froze without changing expression. Then, very slowly, she toppled forward like a falling tree. Gilla stood behind her with the broken top of a bottle in her hand. She threw that down on top of the woman.
“Not so invisible now, am I?”
There was a long moment of silence in the room. Then everyone cheered. They jumped forward and patted Gilla on the back, who was very much enjoying the attention. None of them dared to go near Joyah.
“Drinks on the house for everyone!” the bar man yelled. Everyone cheered louder. Jeff heaved the woman off Davis and helped him to his feet.
“You alright?”
“Yes.” He looked gratefully at Joyah. “Thank you.” Joyah shrugged and poked the woman with her toe, making sure she was out.
“No problem. I’ve always hated bullies.”
The people in the bar celebrated. They toasted to Joyah (even though none of them were willing to go near her) and sang songs. The three teens were stuck surrounded by admiring fans until the bar man finally got them settled down.
“Alright, alright, enough! I suggest you all get out of here before these three to wake up, the bar’s closed for the rest of the day!”
The people at the bar slowly trickled out, all of them stopping to thank Joyah one last time and pat her friends on the back (because they didn’t want to go too close to Joyah and her friends were the closest they could get).
Finally the only person that was left in the room with them was Davis.
“I wanted to let you know again how incredibly thankful I am for what you did.”
Joyah shrugged. “Like I said, no problem.”
“I was wondering if you three might want to come to my house to stay the night,” Davis said. “I’m sure my wife would love to have you.”
“No, we’re traveling to Laar and we want to get there as soon as possible,” Joyah said. “We were going to head out right away.”
“Laar, really? My family is going to Laar tomorrow to visit my cousin. You could come with us tomorrow and get there faster.”
Joyah looked at her friends, who shrugged. She scooped up her hat and looked back up at Davis.
“Okay.”
Davis led them out of the bar and down the road. They went down a couple streets to a small house at the edge of town. It was neat and tidy with a tree and a rope swing in the yard. Four kids saw them coming and ran out of the house.
“Daddy!”
Davis leaned down and scooped them up. Three more kids who looked to range from eight to eleven leaned out a window.
“Hi, Uncle Davis!”
One of the little kids stopped in front of Joyah, Gilla, and Jeff. It was a little girl with black ringlets and wide eyes. She looked like she was only five. She clutched a teddy bear to her chest and looked nervously up at them. Joyah dropped to a knee.
“Hi. I’m Joyah, what’s your name?”
The little girl peeked at her from behind her teddy bear. “Lily.”
“I have a little cousin named Lily,” Joyah said. “It’s a beautiful name, just like you.” She poked Lily in the tummy. Lily giggled.
“Davis?”
Joyah looked up to see a woman coming out of the house. She had on a qipao like the barmaids, only hers went down to her ankles and was yellow. She had the same black ringlets as Lily (it seemed the children had gotten her hair and their father’s eyes), and her walk was confident and commanding.
“You’ve brought guests and you didn’t warn me.”
Davis set his children down and walked towards the woman. They embraced.
“You always say the best surprises are the ones you don’t expect!”
She sighed. “Oh you.” With his arm still around the woman, Davis turned back to the three teens.
“This is my wife.”
“Call me Vily,” she said with a smile.
Joyah smiled back. Vily reminded her of Aunty.
“My name’s Joyah Pain,” she said. “And this is Gilla Fletcher and Jefferey Raymond.”
“It’s a pleasure,” Vily said. She gestured to the children. “This is David, Mily, Vila, and Lily. Up there in the window are our nieces and nephew Jen, Joan, and Bane. Please, come inside.”
They followed Vily into the house. David, Mily, and Vila bounced happily around them. Lily, the youngest, trailed shyly behind. Inside was a plain wooden room with a wooden floor. Orange cushions surrounded a low bamboo table, which was set with cups and bowls for dinner. Across the room was another sliding door. The door was open, and through it Joyah could see a man and woman cooking dinner at some counters.
“Ben, Jan,” Vily called. The man and woman looked up. “This is Joyah Pain, Gilla Fletcher, and Jefferey Raymond. They’re staying with us for dinner. Kids, this is my brother Ben Enya and his wife, Jan Enya.” Ben and Jan shook hands with them.
“Dinner’s almost ready,” Ben said. “We’ll set three more plates for you.”
They all knelt on the cushions around the table as Ben served them. Lily managed to position herself so she got the seat between her father and Joyah. They had dumplings and tea, which reminded Joyah strongly of home. As they ate, Davis told everyone about how Joyah took on the three thugs in the bar, making Joyah embarrassed.
“Anyone who is willing to take on those bullies is an honored guest any day in my house,” Vily announced. “I don’t see why no one has done so before!”
Davis sighed. Apparently they had gone over this before. 
“No one had the ability to take them on before, dear.”
“What about the police?” Jeff asked.
“The sheriff we have now is a yellow bellied coward!” Vily said. “The only reason we haven’t gotten a new one is that Guem hasn’t supplied us with another one!” Jeff looked disturbed.
“I’m from Guem. If you send a message to the Constable there then he’ll send you a new sheriff right away.”
“We’ve tried,” Ben said. “Those thugs have stopped any messenger we send.”
One of the older cousins spoke up. She had long, thin, dark brown hair, canted eyes, and a know-it-all expression. Her skin was a little darker than Joyah’s and freckles were scattered across her nose and cheeks. Joyah tried to remember her name. She thought it might be Jen.
“I don’t see how it makes any difference,” she said, sounding as much like a know-it-all as she looked. “We’re stuck with them, and anyone who goes around making trouble is wasting everyone’s time.” Jan looked shocked.
“Jen!”
 “Well it’s true!” Jen said. “Those bullies in the bar are just going to go running to their bosses, and then those bosses are going to come beat us up. It would have been better if they had just kept to themselves.” She turned up her nose at Joyah. “Sorry!” Jan shot to her feet and towered over her daughter.
“You watch your mouth young lady! These people have done us a great kindness and I will not have you being rude to them like this!”
“But-”
“Not another word!” Jan pulled Jen to her feet and dragged her from the room.
Ben looked across the table at Joyah, Gilla, and Jeff.
“I apologize for Jen’s behavior. I don’t know what got into her…”
“It’s alright,” Jeff said. Joyah gazed thoughtfully after where the girl had gone.
“I wonder what’s bothering her. I think there’s something more than what she’s saying.”
Ben sighed. “I’ll talk to her tonight to see what’s wrong.”
That night Vily set out low cotts for them in the living room. They were much softer than the mats Joyah slept on in her village and much harder than the beds at the Raymond manor. Joyah found she liked them better than the other places she had slept at. They were soft but not so soft that she felt like she would sink in and disappear.
When everyone had gone to bed and the house was quiet Gilla rolled over onto her stomach so she could look at Joyah.
“I was thinking about what that girl said during dinner.”
Joyah rolled onto her side to look at Gilla.
“What about it?”
“She said those guys you beat up would go running to their bosses who would come hurt this family. Do you think that might actually happen?”
“It seems likely,” Joyah answered. “But we’re going to be with these people the whole way. No one can get to them while we’re around.”
“What about when we leave?” Jeff asked. “What about when they come back from Laar? Those guys could be waiting for them when we return.” Joyah thought about it.
“Unless we get rid of them for good.”
“What about protecting the jewel?” Gilla asked. “Isn’t that our first responsibility?”
Joyah rolled back onto her back and crossed her arms over her chest.
“I won’t go picking fights, but if anyone approaches these people I’m going to stop them.”
“Agreed,” Gilla said. “When that happens can we please help you?” Joyah picked her words carefully.
“No. If it comes down to another fight I want to give them a message. I want to show them that I’m not afraid to take them on by myself and that they can’t just take over a town like this. If one lone girl can take them out, then other people might start standing up to them too. It’ll keep them from trying to do this again once we’re gone.”
She rolled over onto her stomach and pulled the jewel out of her pocket. She held it out to Jeff.
“I want you to take this in case a fight starts and something goes wrong.”
He didn’t take it. “Don’t fight if something could go wrong.”
“I probably can take on anyone hanging around here, but there’s always the possibility that it could fall out of my pocket or something,” she said. “It’s unavoidable when we’re all fighting for real, so when that happens it’s safest with me. But if something does start tomorrow then it’ll make me happier if I don’t have to worry about it.”
Jeff took the jewel, looking a little nervous at being trusted with something so special. Joyah rolled over to a more comfortable position.
“Get some sleep, guys.”
“If I can,” Gilla complained. “These cotts are so hard!”
“I thought you spent hours running through the woods at your country house,” Jeff said.
“Yeah, but I didn’t sleep in them!” Gilla answered. Joyah chuckled.
“Get used to it. We’ll be doing it a lot now that we’re on the road.”
“Great.”
Eventually Gilla and Jeff fell asleep, so the only person left awake was Joyah. She lay in bed listening to the soft sounds of the sleeping house.
There was a different sound. She began to notice it because it didn’t fit in. It didn’t sound soft and gentle like the rest of the house, it was sharp and angry. Joyah sat up. It sounded familiar. It was coming from outside. She slipped on her boots, tied her scabbard to her belt, and went outside to see what it was.
The night air was cool and moist with a little mist. Crickets chirped in the stillness, and she could hear the distant sound of drunken laughter coming from somewhere in the town. That wasn’t where the sound was coming from, though. It was coming from the other direction, from the side of the house facing away from the town. She walked around the house, but no one was there. The sound was somewhere off in the tall grass and low hills.
Joyah walked into the night. The tall grass tickled her legs as it waved slowly in the breeze. The sound grew louder as she walked away from the house. As she got closer she could hear the sound of someone grunting with each new ring. That was when she recognized it.
Joyah climbed over a small hill and saw the source of the sound. It was Jen. She had two swords, not beautiful but still functional, and she was using them to attack a tree stump. She practiced angrily, and although she wasn’t bad her anger was making her sloppy. Joyah walked down the hill and stopped at the bottom, watching her.
“You’re doing it wrong.”
Jen jumped a mile at the sound of Joyah’s voice and almost dropped her swords. She whipped around to see who had snuck up on her. When she saw Joyah her anger returned.
“What are you doing here? Why are you spying on me?!”
“What are you doing out here in the middle of the night?” Joyah retorted. She studied the girl’s swords. “From the way you talked today I would think that you’d be against fighting, and then I find you secretly practicing. Why would you pretend to be against people fighting?”
“I’m not against fighting!” Jen yelled. “I don’t like people walking into our town and sticking their noses into other people’s problems when everything’s under control!”
Joyah tilted her head to the side, an idea coming to her.
“You don’t like me because you wanted to stand up to those thugs and be the hero. You feel like I stole your thunder.”
Jen looked like she wanted to protest, but then she realized it was pointless.
“I’ve been practicing for months so that I could save this town! I’ve had to live with my cousins my whole life, always overshadowed by someone else. I’ve been waiting for forever to do something special, and I really thought my time had come! Then you come in and beat three of them up without any help from your heavily armed friends. You didn’t even use your sword!! So next time, thanks but no thanks.”
Joyah moved before Jen had time to react. She stood at her side and pulled out her sword, holding it out so Jen could see her grip.
“You hold a sword like this, not like some knife you’re about to cut meat with.” She stabbed the point into the ground and stepped behind the girl, taking one of Jen’s hands in each of hers and moving them in sweeping gestures. “It’s is like a dance, not just stabbing at people and hoping to get a hit. It’s timing and judgment.” She let go of her and gave her a little push, making her stumble away. She unstuck her sword and held it out in a ready position. “Well?”
Jen was all too happy to attack. She gave out a little shriek and charged her. Joyah stepped aside and let her barrel past. Jen lost her balance and almost fell over.
“Momentum can work to your advantage, but it can also work against you. Just charging at your opponent will most likely never help.”
Jen whipped around and slashed at Joyah with her swords, first with one and then with the other. Joyah flicked them away. She gave the last flick a little extra power, making Jen spin away from her.
“Those swords are meant to work together in graceful movements. They aren’t going to work for you if you use them like that.” Jen attacked again. “Anger can help fuel you in a fight,” Joyah said, “but if you let it control you then it will make you make mistakes. Mistakes are deadly. You can’t let it cloud your thinking.”
Jen screamed in frustration and attacked harder. So much for not letting anger control her.
“You’re not my mother and you’re not my teacher! You think you can just walk in here, ruin my plans, and then have the nerve to come out here and act so high and mighty, pointing out every little thing I’m doing wrong?! Who the abyss do you think you are?!”
Joyah’s sword shot out, hitting the hilts of Jen’s swords and sending them flying away into the darkness. Then she put her hand to Jen’s chest and pushed her sprawling. Jen hit the ground on her back. She groaned. Then she propped herself up on her elbows to look up at Joyah, who had walked over to stand at her feet.
“You may have been training for a couple months, little girl, but my Aunty has told me that I had a sword in my hand before I could talk. You’ve been learning as fast as you can, but it’s not fast enough. If I hadn’t intervened when I did then your Uncle Davis would either be dead or badly hurt. Do you want that?” Jen looked away. Joyah went to one knee beside her. “I know you want one moment to feel special. It will come, but not yet. You’ll have to wait a little longer.” Joyah stood up, sheathed her sword, and began to walk away.
“You call your aunt Aunty?”
Joyah turned back to look at her.
“Yes.”
Jen scoffed. “Aunty, seriously? That’s so childish.” Jen stood and started hunting for her swords. Joyah watched her, confused.
“Why is it childish?”
Jen sheathed her swords. “Aunt-y, Aunty? How is that not childish? I haven’t called anyone anything like that since I was six!” She knocked shoulders with Joyah as she passed her on her way back to the house. “Honestly, grow up.” Joyah watched her climb the hill, thoroughly confused.


Chapter 6
Leaving Tayne


Joyah was sliding on her boots and listening to the call of the morning birds when Vily walked in carrying her hat.
“Today’s the big day we get to go to Laar! Are you almost ready dear? Here, this is yours.” She handed Joyah her hat. Joyah put it on and then tied her scabbard to her belt.
“Are we heading out right away?”
“Yes, as soon as we’re finished packing the wagon. Davis and Jan are outside putting everything in right now.”
“Where’s Jeff and Gilla?”
“Jeff is outside helping Davis and Jan, and Gilla is-”
“You take that back you ungrateful little chāng fu!”
Joyah and Vily stared at each other for a moment before charging out the back door. Joyah stopped after she stepped outside. Gilla and Jen were facing each other as the other kids watched. Gilla had Jen by the wrists. Joyah couldn’t tell if Gilla was trying to throw the smaller girl down or if Jen was trying to hit her. Probably both.
“She’s a no good witch and so are you!” Jen was yelling.
“You’re the witch, you chāng fu!” Gilla yelled back. Jan came flying around the building.
“Jen!” She grabbed Jen and pulled her away towards the house. Joyah yanked Gilla towards the tree. Jeff joined them there.
“What happened?!” Joyah demanded. Gilla’s face was pink from rage.
“That girl was telling everyone that you’re using your skills as a swordswoman to trick them into using all their money up on you! There was no way I was going to sit around while she spread such horrible lies about you!”
Joyah glared across the lawn at Jen, who was being loudly scolded by her mother.
“I appreciate you standing up for me Gilla. Jen Enya’s just a spoiled, ignorant kid, but her family has been really nice to us. Maybe next time you should be a little less violent and… colorful.”
Gilla shrugged, finally calming down.
“Whatever.”
Unlike Gilla, Jen was not calming down.
“Don’t you see?! They’re going to burn our house down while we’re gone because of them!”
“And if you keep this up we’ll leave you behind to be here when they do!” Jan retorted. She grabbed Jen by the wrist and pulled her back into the house.
“This is going to be a very long trip,” Jeff said.
The three teens helped the family pack a wagon for the trip to Laar. There wasn’t much to pack; a small bag of clothes for each person, some food, and one chest with some valuables they wanted to bring along.
Gilla stepped up onto a small lip on one side of the wagon and rested her elbows on the top.
“Hey, Davis?”
Davis, who was loading the chest with Ben’s help on the other side of the wagon, smiled across at her.
“Yes?”
“If you guys are so poor, then what were you doing in a bar?”
“I was looking for work,” he said. “No one’s willing to hire someone who’s in debt to those thugs. One of those men at the table had finally offered me something.” Jeff stepped up on the lip beside Gilla.
“How did you get in debt in the first place?”
“It’s an old debt,” Davis said. “Before those men became so powerful one of them lent me money so I could buy this house. I’ve been slowly paying him off, but recently they’ve been demanding that I pay all of it up on front.”
“That sucks,” Gilla said.
“Elegantly stated, Gilla,” Joyah said, passing the last bag up to Jeff to put into the wagon. “How are you going to pay them off?” Davis sighed and shrugged.
“We’ll find some way.”
Gilla helped Vily hook two horses up to the front of the wagon, and then they all piled in. The adults sat on a bench in the front and the rest of them sat on bags of clothes in the back. Jen sulked in one of the front corners of the wagon in a very bad mood. Joyah perched herself on the chest at the back of the wagon where she could watch the road behind them and let her hair blow in the wind.
“One last stop in town to get some necessary supplies and then we’ll be on our way,” Davis announced from the front. He snapped the reins and they started into town.
The town wasn’t much different than it had been the day before. A few people walked the streets and there were one or two small wagons made of reeds. The big wagon they were in was by far the largest thing on the road. Three thugs huddled around a gambling box rolling dice and laughing to themselves. Vily stared at them through eyes narrowed with disgust.
“That money they waste is money they took from helpless townsfolk. Oh, if I could have my way I’d go over there and-”
“Now, now, dear,” Davis said, pulling the wagon up in front of a store. “That would solve nothing. We’ve already caused enough trouble for one week. Let’s get out of town without being noticed.”
“Alright,” Vily said with a huff. “But be quick. If one of those men even looks this way I’ll show them exactly what I think of their gambling!” He kissed her on the cheek.
“You won’t even know I’m gone.” He hopped off the wagon and went into the store.
Joyah watched the men as they laughed and rolled their dice. An idea was forming.
“Hey, Vily?”
“Yes, dear?” 
“Those thugs, do they like to gamble in a lot of things?”
“They gamble every second they get. It’s shameful! They’ll grab any soul off the street and force him to-”
“No, I mean do they gamble in things other than with dice?” Joyah asked. “Like picking sides in a fight or for a horse race.”
“Well I guess they would. Gambling’s addictive sometimes.” Joyah watched the men roll their dice. The only problem was that she had told her friends that she wouldn’t go picking a fight.
Davis came out of the store carrying a large stack of boxes. Jeff jumped out of the wagon to help him.
“Here, give me some.”
Jeff took a couple from him and climbed back into the wagon. As he walked past Joyah she looked around to make sure no one was watching and stuck her foot out.
CRASH! The boxes he had been carrying went everywhere. Jen shrieked and jumped out of the wagon to avoid being hit. She only added to the commotion. Joyah kept herself from smiling. Perfect.
Everyone on the road looked up to see what had happened, including the gamblers. When the gamblers spied who it was they leaped to their feet. One of them--Joyah recognized him as red-faced guy from the day before--whispered something in the ear of a large man. He had a broad sword strapped to his back. The large man gestured to the others and started towards the wagon.
They stopped ten feet from the wagon. The large man called out, “Hey, Davis!” Davis, who had been picking up boxes, turned pale.
“Oh, Marshal, I didn’t see you there.”
Marshal sneered.
“You mean you didn’t want us to notice you. You owe me money, Otani.”
Joyah wasn’t listening to the exchange. She was watching as men and women filed in from side streets to take their place behind their leader. She counted ten in all. This might be tricky.
“W-we agreed that I’d pay it off a little at a time,” Davis was saying. “If you give me another month-”
“You’re leaving town, Otani,” Marshal said. “Are you skipping out on us?”
“No! We’re just visiting my cousin, I’ll be back in plenty of time to-”
“I don’t think I can trust you like that, Otani,” Marshal sneered. He took a step towards the wagon, leering at the people inside. “Maybe I’ll just take what’s mine from that wagon of yours.”
“No!” Everyone blinked at Davis. He stepped so he stood between the wagon and Marshal. “You can threaten me, Marshal, but don’t ever threaten my family.” Joyah couldn’t help but smile just a little bit. It seemed Davis had more in him than she had thought.
Marshal took another step towards the wagon.
“You dare challenge me?”
“I do.” Joyah jumped down from the wagon and strode forward. She stopped between Marshal and Davis. Unlike in the inn the day before she didn’t tilt her head forward to hide her face. She tilted it back so she could stare defiantly into Marshal’s eyes. The wind blew her red hair around her shoulders and kicked up dust to swirl around her feet.
Red-faced guy whispered into Marshal’s ear again. Marshal’s eyes narrowed at Joyah.
“You’re the stranger that fought my men in the inn yesterday?”
“I am.”
Marshal stared at her. Then he broke out laughing. So did his followers.
“You?! You’re just a little girl! You’re so thin I could break you with one hand!”
“Prove it.”
Marshal stopped laughing. “What?”
“Prove it,” Joyah repeated.
“Are you challenging me, kid?” Marshal asked.
“Yes,” Joyah said. “To a gamble.” The people behind Marshal exchanged looks, suddenly interested.
“What gamble?” Marshal asked.
“A bet on a fight,” Joyah said. “Me against you and all the ten behind you. If I win then Davis’ debt is paid off in full.”
“And if we win?” Marshal sneered. Joyah shrugged.
“That’s your call.”
Joyah could see him mulling it over. It was a win-win situation for him. They could beat up an annoying kid, get revenge for the three she had taken out the day before, and get a little extra when she lost the bet.
“When we win we get twice what Davis owes, and that sword.” He pointed to the sword Joyah had accidentally stolen from the martial arts studio at her village.
Joyah was practically dying inside. She hated putting other people at risk like this. If she lost then Davis would be in even more trouble. She was sure Jeff would step up and get the thugs to allow his family to pay for the cost instead, which only meant that Joyah had hurt the Raymond’s instead of Davis’ family. Was it worth it? Was she so sure she could beat them? If they came at her a few at a time she could easily take them out, but if they all charged her things would get tricky. No, she wasn’t sure, but it was too late to back out now.
“Deal,” she said.
For a moment the two groups stood facing each other. No one moved.
Then red-faced guy and two other men broke away from the crowd and charged her. Joyah slipped to one side and tripped the first one. She dropped to the other side and used the second guy’s momentum to send him over her, and she jumped up in time to grab red-faced guy’s arm and use his momentum to flip him onto his head. He didn’t get up.
Someone grabbed Joyah from behind. She pushed off the ground and smacked her attacker in the nose with the crown of her head. He let go of her and grabbed his nose, howling in pain. She spun and hit him in the side of the head in a spinning kick. Two down. The second guy grabbed her hair and yanked her head back. He brought up his other hand to smash into her face. She caught it on the way down and turned sideways, bringing it down so he hit the ground. He howled in pain and let go of her hair. She came up with a jab under his chin. Three down.
Joyah knew her mistake. There was no time for her to just evade them until they gave her an obvious opportunity to use their own momentum to take them out like she had the day before. She would have to hit back and take them out quick.
Two more people, one man and one woman, attacked her next. The man had a large rock, which he swung at her head while the woman tried to bear hug her from behind. Joyah reached back and grabbed the woman’s arms before she got a chance and dropped to one side into a crouch. This took the woman off balance and forced her to stumble forward. Right into the man’s swinging rock. Four down. Joyah kicked out one foot and knocked the man to the ground. As he fell she came up and struck his temple. Five down.
“You fools!” Marshal roared. “Don’t just stand there and let her pick them off one by one! Get her all at once!” Uh-oh. Marshal drew his sword and pointed it at her. They screamed a war cry and charged.
Joyah drew her sword. She met the group head on. It would be easy to just cut through them and be done with it, but she didn’t want a massacre on her hands. No, she’d have to use the flat of her blade and the hilt. She faked down and to the left and then came back up to hit a man in the head with the flat of her blade. Six down. Someone tried to get her from one side. Would these guys ever learn? She grabbed his hand and spun, tripping him over his fallen comrade and cracking his head against someone else. Seven and eight down. She launched off his back as he fell and lashed out at a woman at head height. Nine down. On her way down she cracked the last guy on the top of the head with her hilt. Ten down. That had been easier than she had thought it would be.
It wasn’t over yet. She lunged up at Marshal, who barely deflected her and struck back. She easily slid it to the side, but the force of the blow was greater than she had anticipated. This guy was strong. He thrust again while she was momentarily off balance. She spun to the side and stamped her foot down on the tendon on the top of his foot with a blow that could easily cripple the victim. He didn’t wince. He put his forearm to her shoulder and pushed.
Joyah hit the ground five feet from where she had been standing. She pushed off with her hands above her head and flipped herself back onto her feet. She had underestimated him. That was a mistake she wouldn’t make again.
Marshall was walking cockily towards her. He had done this thousands of times. Usually his opponent hadn’t gone through all his men in less than a minute before fighting him, but no matter. He had won this one, he was sure of it.
Which was why he was so surprised when she struck up at him like a snake. She hit the handle of his sword and twisted in a move that used dexterity instead of strength. She caught his sword in her free hand and dropped into a crouch. She swept her leg out and hooked her ankle behind his knee. When he stepped back in surprise her ankle collapsed his leg out from under him and he fell like a tree.
Joyah jumped back to her feet and put the tip of her sword in the hollow of his throat. He stared up at her, fury in his eyes.
“I believe I won,” she said mildly. “Davis’ debt is paid off.”
He spit on the ground near her feet.
“This isn’t over. I’ll be back.”
“Oh, I believe it is.” Joyah’s voice turned hard. “You’ve just been beaten by a fifteen-year-old country girl. Look around you.” He did. A crowd had gathered in a circle a safe distance around them. “Half the town here just saw your humiliation, and the other half is sure going to hear about it before the day is up. Look at their faces. No one’s going to fear you anymore. Not after seeing you be beaten so badly.” Marshal scanned the faces of the crowd. Not all of them were convinced. Some of them were still scared. But it was enough.
Suddenly there was the sound of steel against steel behind her and something hitting the ground. Joyah whipped around. Jen stood behind her with her swords drawn. A scrawny, rat like man lay sniveling on the ground at her feet. Lying near him was a knife.
“The agreement’s broken!” Marshal yelled. He pointed a finger at Jen accusingly. “She helped her!”
“You broke the agreement, you yellow bellied coward!” Jen yelled. She scooped up the knife and waved it at Marshal. “Your man tried to stab her in the back!” Gilla hopped down from the wagon.
“You aren’t only a bunch of bullies, you’re cheats as well!”
The crowd started jeering. People started to throw random items at Marshal and his followers, who were starting to wake up. Joyah had to duck a piece of rotten fruit. If something wasn’t done fast then it would turn into a mob.
Joyah held up her hands to try to silence the crowd. The crowd just kept getting wilder. She had never expected such a large reaction in her planning. Then a shrill whistle cut through the air. The commotion stopped. Jen slipped the whistle back into her pocket.
Joyah nodded at her in thanks. She looked down at Marshal and pointed towards the road.
“Leave town, Marshal, and take all your men with you. Don’t ever come back, no one fears you here anymore.”
Marshal and his followers climbed to their feet and started to slink out.
As he past her Joyah grabbed Marshal by the collar and pulled him down to her height so she could speak into his ear.
“If you ever mess with the Otani and Enya families I will hear about it. You don’t want to deal with me again.”
He pulled away from her and gave her a murderous look, but she knew he wouldn’t dare do anything to the family. He led his men out of town with as much dignity as a weasel.
The town cheered. Joyah and Jen looked at each other and sheathed their swords.
“You saved my life, Enya,” Joyah said. “Thank you.” Jen just glared, mumbled something Joyah couldn’t hear, and slunk off to join her family.
Or at least she tried to. The crowd descended on the two of them until Joyah couldn’t see anything but bodies, happy faces, and arms that all wanted to pat her on the back. As she tried to push her way through the throng of people she was hugged, had her hand shaken, and was pat on the back more than any other time in her life. Finally she found herself next to the wagon with Gilla and Jeff in front of her.
“That was so cool!” Gilla yelled. “You practically sent them running crying to their mommies!”
“I didn’t expect such a dramatic reaction from the townsfolk,” Joyah said.
Vily appeared next to them. She gave Joyah a warm hug.
“Oh my dear, you have turned out to be the biggest blessing this town has gotten in a very long time.” She let go of her and gestured towards the wagon. “I suggest you get in before the crowd squishes you.” Joyah and her two friends climbed into the wagon, where Joyah was attacked by four little bodies. Joan pulled her little cousins off her and sat them back down on some bags of clothes.
Jen pushed her way out of the crowd, trying to be unnoticed. Her parents spotted her right away.
“Jen!” Ben cried in surprise. “Where did that come from? All this time you acted like you thought fights like this were barbaric.”
“We didn’t even know you had a sword!” Jan exclaimed. “How did you get them?”
“The blacksmith was planning on melting them down, but he let me take them instead,” she said.
“Why would you want weapons?” Ben asked. “You’ve always-”
“I just saved Pain’s life and all you care about is how I got a couple swords?!” Jen yelled. “Fine, just leave me alone!” She stormed off.
“Don’t you talk to us in that tone of voice!” Jan called after her. She put her hand on her forehead like she was getting a headache. “What has gotten into her?”
Davis helped his wife up onto the front of the wagon to get out of the crowd. He looked apologetically at the three teens.
“I’m afraid we are going to have to leave town later than we expected, which means that we won’t get as far as we first thought. The streets are too crowded to get the wagon out.”
“That’s my fault,” Joyah said sheepishly. “I didn’t expect this kind of reaction from the crowd.”
“Are you kidding?!” Joan exclaimed. “What’s a bunch of traveling hours compared to freedom for the whole town?! This is great!”
Bane bounced up to the wagon. He looked excitedly up at everyone.
“Guess what I just found out! The mayor is coming to meet Pain and thank her for her service to this town!”
“Oh, great,” Joyah said.
“Oh man, this is great!” Gilla accidentally yelled in Joyah’s ear. She grabbed her friend by the arm and dragged her off the wagon. “Where does he want to see her, Bane?” Bane pointed up the street.
“Over there outside the town hall. I can take you there if you’d like.”
“Gilla-” Joyah started, but Gilla cut her off without noticing.
“Lead the way!”
Bane darted away up the street. Gilla dragged Joyah along behind him. Finally they ended up outside a building that was small compared to the buildings back in Guem and large compared to the buildings around it. There were stone steps leading up to the front, and a man dressed in fine clothes stood at the top.
Bane turned back to look at the two girls and pointed up at the man.
“That’s the mayor!”
“I think I figured that one out,” Joyah said. Gilla pulled her away from the road and stopped at the bottom of the stairs. She gave Joyah a shove and sent her stumbling up them.
Joyah glared over her shoulder at Gilla, who was waving to the townsfolk and fully enjoying the attention. Then she turned to look at the mayor. The mayor was smiling broadly and holding up his hands to silence the town. It took what seemed like forever, but finally they settled down. The mayor turned to Joyah.
“On behalf of the town I would like to thank you for the great service you have performed for us today!” Joyah had gotten that much just from listening to Bane. “I would like to present to you these golden swords as a token of our gratitude!” Apparently freeing a town from the enslavement of a band of thugs was a really big thing.
A woman in a white qipao appeared holding a red cushion with matching swords on it. The mayor dramatically picked them up, held them in the air for everyone to see, and handed them to Joyah. Joyah had never received anything for helping someone before besides a bunch of thank-you’s, so she had no idea what she was supposed to do. She decided to go with respectful and humble. She smiled up at the mayor.
“Thank you, it was an honor to serve this town.”
Apparently that was the right thing to say, because the people went nuts. Joyah walked back down the stairs to where Jeff and Gilla were waiting for her.
“So it seems I saved a town and got some swords. I’ve got to say, it’s a little more than what I expected to happen today when I woke up this morning.”
Gilla laughed and punched her arm.
“What, did you really think you could help this town and get away quietly?!”
“Yes.”
Gilla rolled her eyes.
“Sometimes I forget how ignorant you are.”
The townsfolk parted for the three of them as they made their way back to the wagon. As they walked Gilla waved to the crowd and soaked up as much attention as possible, and Joyah wished to be a turtle.
When they got back to the wagon Jen was waiting for them. She sneered at Joyah.
“Well, aren’t we the big hero. A thank you from the mayor and golden swords. And they insist that you aren’t just trying to get us to give you stuff.” She turned on her heel and climbed back into the wagon.
Gilla took a step forward to follow her. Joyah caught her arm.
“Don’t, she’s not worth it.”
For most of the afternoon they were stuck in the town. It was late afternoon when the street was clear enough to get the wagon out. Joyah was standing near the wagon and preparing to climb in when Jeff leaned up against it next to her.
“You know, I can’t help feeling clumsy after dropping all those boxes.”
Joyah shrugged absently and put her hands on the top to pull herself up. “Don’t worry about it, it wasn’t your fault you lost your balance.”
“I know.”
 Joyah stopped and looked at him. He raised an eyebrow and spoke in a low voice so only she could hear him.
“You can go on fooling everyone else, but I have feeling in my ankle. I know this all wasn’t some accident, some stroke of luck that you were given an opportunity to do what you’ve wanted to do since the inn yesterday.”
Joyah let go of the wagon so she wouldn’t keep standing there looking stupid.
“I said I wouldn’t go around picking fights. I’d only step in if something bad happened.”
“Yeah, so you created a situation to allow you to do that,” Jeff said. “That counts as picking a fight.”
Joyah crossed her arms over her chest and glowered at the ground.
“I had to do it. I couldn’t just sit back and let this go on, it wasn’t right.”
“I know, and I totally agree with what you did. Just next time don’t say one thing and do another, okay?” He took the jewel out of his pocket and held it out to her. She shrugged and took it.
“Yeah.”
Gilla leaned over the side and looked down at them.
“Hey are you guys going to stay down there all day or are we going to leave before dawn?”
Joyah rolled her eyes and pulled herself up.
“It’s still hours before night fall.”
“So we should get going before you two waste those hours and the whole night chatting!” Jeff climbed in and they were on their way.
 Joyah watched the town grow smaller and smaller behind her. Finally it disappeared altogether. The wind whipped her hair around her face, and for a moment she had a thrill of excitement. They were on their way! Then a feeling of unease settled over her. Something wasn’t right. But what?
Joyah looked over at the other kids in the wagon and found them all staring at her.
“What?”
“We want to see them!” Bane said.
“See what?” Joyah asked.
“The swords!” Bane exclaimed. Joyah leaned down and picked them up from where they lay beside the chest she was sitting on. She hadn’t actually gotten a chance to look at them that day. Joyah held them in her hands, one hand under the grips and one hand under the blades. They really were made of gold, except they were somehow light enough for a person to use them. That was weird. They had blades that had a slight curve to them, but they were thicker than Joyah’s sword. There was a thick hand guard that arched over the wielder’s knuckles.
She passed them to Jeff.
“They’re of fine design,” he commented.
“They’ll be completely useless,” Joyah pointed out. “Gold is really soft.”Jeff looked closer at the blades.
“No, look. They’re completely covered in some clear material. Even the handles.”
Gilla, who had had no interest in the swords until that point, took the swords from Jeff. She drew her dagger and stabbed one of the blades.
“Hey!” Joyah yelped. She made a grab for them, but Gilla moved them out of her reach.
“Oh calm down! Look, it isn’t even scratched. That clear stuff is really tough.”
Jen reached out and took the swords from Gilla. Unlike the others she held the swords by the handles. She stood and moved the swords back and forth in slow, graceful movements.
“They’re well balanced. I never knew they were actually usable. I wonder why no one has used them before.”
“You knew about them?” Joyah asked.
“Oh, sure,” Jen said. “Everyone knows about them. They’ve been hanging around in the vaults for as long as anyone can remember. We don’t know where they came from. Some people think that they might have been important at one point, but no one knows for sure. They probably gave them to you to make space in the vaults.” She remembered who she was talking to and her expression turned sour again. She handed the swords to Joyah and went back to sulking in the corner.
Joyah had just set the swords down next to the chest when the wagon came to a sudden stop. The cousins who weren’t in a very balanced position toppled over. Joyah grabbed Lily before she could fall on the swords Joyah had just put down. She moved them to a safer spot behind the chest.
“Is everyone okay back there?” Ben called over his shoulder.
“Shiny, Dad,” Joan answered as she picked herself up off the floor.
“Why’d we stop?” Jeff asked. Jan pointed to the road in front of them.
“That’s why.”
The three teens leaned over the side to look.
The road split in two ahead of them. One road went straight, the other took a winding route off to their left. The one right in front of them was a mess. Water covered a large section of the road and turned parts of it into thick mud. A couple trees had fallen onto the road and sunk down into the mud.
“With all the rain we’ve been having, the road flooded,” Davis said. The adults climbed down from their seat and stood at the edge of the flooded area. The three teens joined them.
“Do you think we can move the trees and ford the water?” Jeff asked.
 Joyah walked to the nearest tree and looked at where it had sunk in.
“No. I’ve seen this happen a couple times in the woods after a lot of rain. These trees are in deep.”
“Even if we could move them the wagon would just sink in if we tried to cross it,” Vily said. She sighed. “We’ll have to take the long route to Laar. I’m sorry for these delays.”
Joyah swung herself back up into the wagon. “You can’t control the weather.”
When everyone was back in Davis cracked the reigns and had the horses take the winding path.
“How long will it take to reach Laar going this way?” Jeff asked Vily.
“Oh, a couple days I think,” she said. “It’s hard to tell, though, especially with this bad weather.”
“Why are you going to Laar?” Joan asked.
“We’re going to meet a friend,” Gilla said.
“What’s your friend’s name?” Joan asked.
“Joan, don’t ask personal questions,” Jan said sternly.
“Oh, it’s okay,” Gilla said pleasantly. Joyah shot her a warning look from behind Joan. They did not want this family to find out anything more about their quest then they had to. It was too dangerous. Joyah looked back at the disappearing road as the feeling of unease returned. Maybe they shouldn’t be traveling with these people.
It was dark when they finally stopped to camp for the night. As she helped unload the wagon, Joyah looked over at Jeff.
“Hey, Jeff?”
“Yes, Joyah?”
Joyah leaned up against the wagon.
“Jen said I shouldn’t call my Aunty “Aunty.” What else am I supposed to call her?”
“Don’t listen to Jen,” Jeff told her. “She’s just trying to get in your head.”
“She said it’s childish,” Joyah said. “How is that childish?”
“This is really bothering you, isn’t it?” Jeff asked.
“Well yeah,” Joyah said. “I don’t understand how calling my Aunty “Aunty” is any different than calling her anything else.” Jeff narrowed his eyes at Jen, who was trying to start a fire a couple yards away.
“It isn’t. Don’t worry about it, okay?”
Joyah shrugged and lifted Lily out of the wagon. She set Lily down and looked around at the family. Talking about Aunty made her remember her own family back in her little village. Back to her own little Lily and the ever changing cousins. Her hut, the studio, the forest and river. It made her sad, thinking about the family she’d left behind when she went on her Journey.
Her Journey. That uneasy feeling returned again, and this time she recognized it.
“Hey Jeff, where’s Gilla?”
“Who knows?”
“I need to talk to you both.”
Jeff shrugged. “I’ll go find her.” He wandered away.
Joyah crossed her arms over her chest and scanned the dark woods. Fireflies drifted among the trees. They would have looked beautiful if she hadn’t been in such a dark mood. Crickets had started their nightly chirping. Aunty used to tell her how crickets were lucky. Joyah hoped these crickets would stay close; she needed all the luck she could get on her Journey.
“Hey Joyah!”
Joyah jumped and had to stop herself from striking out. Gilla grinned at her reaction.
“Sorry, didn’t realize you were lost in thought.”
Joyah glowered and turned back to watching the woods.
“Ssh. I need to talk to you two.”
“I know,” Gilla said at a lower level. “Jeff told me.”
Jeff leaned against the wagon on her opposite side.
“What’s up?”
“I don’t think we should travel with this family anymore,” Joyah said.
Her friends looked surprised.
“What, why?” Gilla asked.
“I’m getting a bad feeling about it,” Joyah said. “Trust me, I know when I should be traveling with people and when I shouldn’t, and we shouldn’t be with them.”
“I like these people, minus Jen,” Gilla said. “I like traveling with them. Besides, it’s easier to travel in a group than alone.”
“What about the Assassins?” Joyah pointed out. “If they find us with these people then they’ll be in danger.”
“We haven’t seen them since the city,” Jeff said. “I’m with Gilla on this one. It’ll be faster if we ride in the wagon than if we walk. Besides, if we leave now then Jen will tell everyone that it proves that we are who she says we are.”
“But we’re not just trying to use them!” Joyah protested.
“But that won’t stop her,” Jeff said. “She’ll say that we’re leaving now that there’s nothing more they can do for us.” Joyah’s scowl deepened.
“We still shouldn’t be traveling with people. It’s too dangerous.”
“Sorry, you’re out-voted,” Gilla said with a little too much glee. She seemed to be happy that she wasn’t the one out-voted for once.
 Gilla went to see what Ben was making for dinner and Jeff went to talk with Jen. Joyah glowered at the ground. She knew she wasn’t supposed to go with anyone but her friends at this point in her Journey. Joyah watched Gilla laughing at a joke Ben had made and Jeff trying (and failing) to help Vily set up a tent for the four younger cousins. They’d all be safer without her. She bit her lip as an idea she didn’t like very much came to her. If she was going to go against what she knew was right, then she might as well go a little further.
When Joyah was sure no one was looking she grabbed her bag out of the wagon. She left the golden swords; they’d only slow her down. Then she slipped away into the woods. No one could find her in there except Gilla, but hopefully she’d be far away by the time anyone noticed she’d gone. The woods were quiet as Joyah slipped past the trees. Soon she had left the road behind. All she could hear was the crickets and sound of the forest.
A different sound cut through the night. It reminded her of the night before when the same sound had aroused her curiosity. Joyah slowed to a stop. The last thing she wanted was to run into Jen.
Joyah crept forward through the underbrush until she came to a stop just outside a small clearing. She crouched down behind the foliage to keep from being seen. Jen was only a few feet away whaling on a poor tree that had the bad fortune to grow in the center of the clearing at the perfect spot for Jen to practice on. There were already deep slices crisscrossed across the bark. Joyah couldn’t help analyzing the girl’s strokes. Was it just her or were Jen’s movements just a little more controlled?
Shaking her head to get herself back into focus, Joyah started creeping around the clearing. She had to get as close to Laar as possible before her friends figured out she had left. She’d find what she needed from Miss Faulet and leave again before the others caught up. They’d never find her then. Hopefully they’d give up and go back home. She’d meet them there once she got the jewel to the Sanctuary and this was all over.
SQUEEEE! Joyah instinctively fell back in a defensive crouch and shot a hand out in an open hand punch. The small animal’s instincts went from fight to flight after it hit a tree, and it scrambled away. Joyah let out a sigh and closed her eyes in relief. She needed to pay more attention to where she was going before she stepped on any more rodents.
“Who’s there?!”
Joyah glanced over her shoulder to see Jen scanning the forest in her direction, looking angry at having someone sneaking up on her. Or she was just angry all the time. Either way, Joyah’s cover was blown. So much for avoiding Jen. Joyah slowly rose to her feet.
 “Hello, Enya.”
Jen sheathed her swords.
“What, you’re here to teach me another little lesson?”
“No.”
The younger girl crossed her arms.
“Yeah, and we just so happened to meet in the middle of the woods during your nightly stroll.”
“I’m not here to bug you.”
“Yeah right, like you’re not going to give me your little speech about how I need to grow up or tell me I’m doing everything wrong or run tattling to my parents so they can make me stop leaving at night to train.”
“Exactly.”
Joyah slung her bag over her shoulder and started across the clearing without looking at her.
“Wait, you’re not going to run to my parents or humiliate me?” Jen asked, confused.
“Nope,” Joyah answered without breaking stride.
“Then what are you doing here?” Jen asked.
Joyah stopped at the other edge of the forest and glanced back over her shoulder.
“None of your business.” She turned to leave. Jen noticed her bag.
“Hey, you’re leaving?”
 Joyah stopped again and glared at her.
 “I said, none of your business.”
“Wait, you aren’t really a con artist just trying to make people give you what you want, right?” Jen asked, shock filling her voice. Joyah couldn’t take it anymore.
“I am not a con artist and I am not trying to take advantage of you or your family!!”
“I know,” Jen said, unfazed by Joyah’s anger. “I just made that up to make you look bad. I never thought it was true. It isn’t, right?”
“No!”
“Then why are you leaving?”
Joyah squeezed her lips and eyes shut for a moment to smother her anger.
“Look Enya, there is something really important I have to do, and if I stay here then it puts everyone in a huge amount of danger. So just forget you ever met me.”
“You’re running away?!” Jen exclaimed as Joyah tried to leave. “That’s so cowardly, how could you do that?!”
Joyah gritted her teeth. She couldn’t show anger, Jen wouldn’t respond to anger. No, she needed intensity and control if she was going to get anywhere with this girl. Joyah turned back around again.
“Are you even listening to me? I’m not running away. I’m leaving to get you and your family out of danger.”
“I’m a big girl, I can take care of myself!”
“I know that. You are a big girl,” Joyah said softly. Jen blinked and stared at her, her mouth hanging slightly open from a snarky response she had been preparing to use. “You’re brave, strong, and show promise with the sword, Enya, but you lack maturity,” Joyah told her. “You’ve been growing up in a tiny town, isolated enough to not know much about the world around you but big enough to let you stay young longer. You think that being the ‘top dog’ of your little town will make you the ‘biggest bad’ out there, but the world is a lot nastier than it seems. There are people out there who would slit your throat in your sleep for a gold coin. I’m new to the real world, but it didn’t take me long to figure that out. You’re going to make a great warrior someday, but gain some wisdom before you decide you know everything.”
Joyah watched as Jen’s face swung between anger, confusion, and pride. Finally she balled her hands into fists in front of her and made a frustrated sound. She turned and took a couple steps away.
“Why do you make me so confused?!” Jen flopped down next to the tree she had used as a dummy and put her chin in her hand. “All I want is to be a hero.”
“Your time will come, Enya, but not yet.”
The sounds of the forest were the only things that could be heard for a couple minutes. It was Jen who broke the silence.
“If it’s so bad out there then how are you going to get by alone?”
“I’m older and more skilled than you are,” Joyah said. Jen made a face.
“Didn’t you just say that you’re new to the real world too? Just because you’re the ‘top dog’ around here doesn’t mean that you’re the ‘biggest bad’ out there you know.”
Joyah put her hands on her hips.
“You’re using my own words against me.”
“Well they still apply to you!”
“My case is different.”
“Oh really? ‘Cause it seems you think you can take on the world by yourself just like me!”
“I do not!”
“Then why are you leaving alone?!”
Joyah wanted to pull her hair out from the circle Jen had pulled her into.
“I want to protect the people I care about.”
“So you think you can take care of whatever it is that’s putting us in danger by yourself?”
“I can lead the danger away.”
“So you think dying will be the answer to dealing with your problems?”
“No.”
“And if you think that your friends won’t be able to deal with the danger while you’re there, then what makes you think that they will when you’re dead?”
“I’m not going to die!”
“How can you be sure? You said you’re new to the world, how do you know what’s out there?”
“I can deal with what’s out there.”
“You think that just because you’re the ‘top dog’ here you’re the-”
“I can take care of myself!” Joyah internally winced at using the same phrase Jen had been using. Jen stood.
“Oh, I see how it is.” She brushed herself off and strutted out of the clearing back towards her family’s campsite.
 Joyah scrunched her face up and jumped up and down. She spun in a circle and sat down hard. She put her head in her hands.
“That girl gets on my nerves like no one else.” She sat there seething for a couple minutes until here anger slowly drained away. Closing her eyes, she straightened and rested her hands on her knees in a relaxed position. Joyah breathed in with the soft night breeze that waved her hair about her head, and breathed out as it faded away. Crickets sang a sweet song, and the rustling of the leaves added a soft harmony.
Joyah thought about when Jen had sat just a few feet away from where she was. She had looked so lost and young. Joyah remembered all the times she must have looked the same way and Aunty had just smiled and took her in her arms, offering kind and not always welcome advice.
Thinking of Aunty brought back that bittersweet feeling she often got when she thought back to the life she had left behind. She touched her chain under her collar as she thought of them. Maybe someday she’d return to that family after the jewel was safely in the Sanctuary. For now Gilla and Jeff were her family. Only she was leaving them. Jen had compared herself to Joyah, trying to show that she was doing to same thing Jen was only on a bigger scale. That was ridiculous; there was no connection between the two.
Or was there?
Joyah had learned and seen a lot in the past few days, but everything she’d come up against she’d defeated. The thugs in that small town, the gangsters in the city, the Assassins in the library.
Only she hadn’t totally defeated the Assassins in the library. Sure she had taken them out, but the only reason she had survived was because of Mal. And in the alley when she first got to the city her ignorance would have gotten her killed if it weren’t for Jeff. Every time she came up against the Assassins she got through it because of her friends. Joyah sighed through her nose. If something like that happened while she was on her own she’d be dead and the Assassins would get the jewel. Then they’d go after her friends. She dropped her head into her hands again. Jen was right. Joyah picked up her bag and left the clearing.
The campsite was just as she had left it. Joyah smiled as her gaze wandered from person to person, all going about their ways. She tossed her bag and sword up into the wagon. No one would know she had left.
Jen was finishing reading a book to her younger cousins near the fire. Joyah waited until she had closed it and the children had run off before she sat down beside her.
“You were right,” she told her softly. “I never should have left.” Jen looked at her for a moment.
“Oh no, did I convince you to stay? What was I thinking?”
Joyah grinned as Jen put the book into a nearby bag.
“You had very good advice. I need to start listening to myself more often.”
“If you do then you’ll be the only one,” Jen muttered.
“Aunty once told me that sometimes the most unwanted advice is the one you need the most,” Joyah said cheerfully. Jen snorted.
“Aunty? Are you still doing that?”
Joyah kept her flash of anger out of her face and voice.
“Your lame attempt to put me down is getting old.”
Jen gave her a mean grin.
“You’re just saying that because you-”
“Hey, what are you talking about?” Jeff sat down on the other side of Joyah. Joyah smiled at him.
“Oh, Jen was just saying-”
“Nothing,” Jen said sharply. “I was just about to leave.” She stood up and hurried away. Joyah blinked. Then her eyes narrowed at a thought.
“What did you say to Jen?”
Jeff smiled innocently.
“Nothing at all.”
Joyah grinned. Why she had been planning to leave friends like these she didn’t know.


Chapter 7
Making Friends


The sun was warm on Joyah’s face. Birds chirped somewhere off in the trees. She didn’t know what type they were, but one of her cousins might. A soft breeze touched her cheek. Aunty had let them sleep outside that night under the stars.
Joyah opened her eyes. The sun was bright, making her squint, but she could see many dark clouds. It was going to rain later that day. Again. She sat up. Four bodies were lying around the ashes of their camp fire. Two on one side and two next to her. The wagon was a couple feet away from the boy’s side. The adults were sleeping in the wagon and the four little cousins were in a small tent nearby. Joyah felt a pang of sadness. She wasn’t sleeping under the stars with her cousins. She was on the road with a different family. Joyah touched her chain hidden under her collar as she thought of them.
“What’s wrong?” Joyah looked up to see Jen standing near the woods, her swords sheathed at her hips. She looked like she didn’t actually want to be talking to anyone at the moment but she couldn’t help it.
“Nothing,” Joyah said. “I was just thinking about my family back home.” Jen had a small smirk.
“Oh, right, your-” She glanced at Jeff. “Never mind.”
“You’re going to practice?” Joyah asked.
“Yeah,” Jen said. “Don’t follow me.”
Joyah slipped back into her vest as Jen disappeared into the woods. She ran over to the wagon and picked up her sword, careful not to wake anyone. Then she followed Jen into the forest.
Jen had stopped in the same clearing she had been in last night. Joyah sat down at the edge and watched as she drew her swords and faced the poor tree.
“You don’t take no for an answer, do you?” Jen asked without turning around. Joyah shrugged.
“Not usually.”
Jen attacked the tree with a furious assault. She slashed and spun, leaving deep cuts across the bark. Joyah watched her for a while.
“Your swords are dull.”
Jen stopped and glared at her.
 “Just because they aren’t as fancy as yours-”
“No, I mean they aren’t very sharp anymore. All that hacking on trees had dulled their edge so they won’t cut as well.”
Jen looked down at her blades.
“You mean they’re ruined?”
“No. They just need to be sharpened. I have a sharpening stone back in my bag.”
The clearing went silent. Jen shifted uncomfortably. Joyah waited. Finally Jen gave in.
“Can I use your sharpening stone?” she muttered. Joyah grinned as she got to her feet.
“Of course. I’ll go get it.”
When Joyah got back to the campsite most of her companions were up. Jan was cooking breakfast on a skillet over a fire. She smiled when she saw Joyah.
“Did you sleep well?”
“Yes, thank you. Jen and I are going to go on a little walk through the woods.”
“Are you sure you two will be safe by yourselves?”
Joyah grinned. “I’m sure.”
Jan chuckled. “I forgot who I was talking to. Just make sure you’re back soon. Breakfast is almost ready and it looks like it might rain soon.”
“We will.” Joyah ran over to the wagon and dug in her bag for her stone. She took it out and ran back into the woods.
Jen was sitting near her tree when Joyah returned. She hopped up when she saw her. Joyah handed it to her. Jen looked at it closely and then looked back up at Joyah.
“Um… how do you use it?”
They sat down at the edge of the clearing and Joyah took one of Jen’s swords.
“You put it to the edge of the blade and then run it down like this.” She ran the stone along the edge, starting near the hilt and ending at the tip. “You try.” Jen took the stone and grated it against the blade. Joyah winced at the sound. “Don’t push so hard.”
Eventually Jen got the hand of it. Joyah held one of them when Jen had finished it. It felt off in her hand. The blade was too heavy and the handle too light. The grip was rough, and when she pulled her hand away she found she had a splinter.
“How do you use these? They’re awful.”
“Didn’t you hear me when I said that the blacksmith was getting rid of them? It took me two years before they were actually usable.”
Joyah took the other sword out of Jen’s hand, ignoring her shout of protest. This one’s blade was too light and it’s handle too heavy.
“I’ve got to say, it’s impressive you got to the point you’re at with these.”
Jen opened her mouth to defend her weapons, realized what she had said, and closed it.
Joyah handed the sword back to Jen so she could finish sharpening it. After she was done Jen stood up and faced the tree again.
“If you keep hitting random trees then your swords will become dull again a lot faster,” Joyah pointed out.
“I have nothing else to practice on!” Jen exclaimed. Her eyes wandered to Joyah’s sword and she scowled. “I’m definitely not practicing with you.” Joyah shrugged.
“Suit yourself.”
Joyah watched Jen attack the tree and decided that sharpening her swords had definitely helped. As she watched her practice she remembered something.
“I’ve been neglecting having Jeff train me.” As soon as she said it she wished she hadn’t. Jen looked incredulous.
“Train you? What in the world do you need training for?! I thought you were Miss perfect.”
Joyah decided to ignore that last comment.
“The only training I’ve ever had was many years ago when a woman from my village taught me the basics of sword play. Ever since then I’ve been teaching myself. Jeff told me that if he could show me advanced moves then I could get even better.”
“You? Even better?!” Jen remembered that she was supposed to hate her. “Well, you definitely have a long way to go.”
“Who taught you?” Joyah asked her.
“Mind your own business!” Jen said.
Joyah waited and watched the younger girl practice. She never took her eyes off her. Jen glanced over her shoulder. Joyah didn’t blink. Jen began to fidget and shot more frequent glances at her. Still Joyah waited.
Finally Jen broke the silence.
“Alright I’ll tell you, just stop looking at me! We had this nice old man who lived in a peaceful little house at the edge of town. He’d give us kids some lessons on the weekends.” Jen got very quiet as she thought back. “Only, I’d visit him almost every day. He always welcomed me when he’d tell other kids that he was busy. He told me that I was his most promising student.”
“Who was he?”
“I don’t know. But he told me a secret once. He said he was a mystic, that he studied energy and learned about magic even though he couldn’t use it. He spent all day meditating and sharpening his focus.” Jen seemed lost in her memories. Joyah was almost afraid to breathe so she wouldn’t break her out of her trance. “He told me one day that he had seen a vision, a vision about my future, but he wouldn’t tell me what it was.” Jen looked sad. “He died before he could finish teaching me the basics.”
“How long were you training with him?” Joyah asked.
“One year,” Jen said softly. She shook her head, breaking her trance. “Why am I telling you this? I don’t even like you! Besides, that’s all stupid. I mean, magic is gone and that talk about energy is ridiculous.”
“Not so ridiculous,” Joyah said softly. “Not really.” Jen gave her a strange look.
“Right. Well, I really should be practicing before my mom calls me away for breakfast, so if you could just leave me alone…”
Joyah stood up.
“I know how to focus those energies your teacher told you about.”
Jen looked shocked.
“You do?”
“Well, almost. There was a martial arts studio in my village, and I spent a lot of time studying from the scrolls that were there. I started trying to really focus my mind two months ago.”
Jen was practically bouncing off the walls. “Can you show me?!”
“I’d like to, but I need a jewel to do it. I don’t have any.” Joyah’s heart went out to the girl, she looked so crushed.
“Oh. Well, I didn’t really want to learn from you anyway.”
A drop landed on Joyah’s head. She put her hand on her head and looked up at the sky. Dark clouds had completely covered the sun while they were talking. As she watched large drops started falling.
Jen put her hands out to catch some.
“Really? Again? When will this rain stop?”
The rain started falling for real, and the two girls took off for the campsite.
By the time they got there Joyah was really wishing that she had been wearing her hat. The adults and older cousins were hurriedly packing up the camp. Gilla and Jeff were helping Davis and Jan set up low, thin poles at each corner of the wagon. Bane was holding a tarp that they would attach to the top of the poles to keep out the rain. The youngest cousins were playing in the slowly forming puddles.
Vily saw the two girls come out of the woods. “Jen, take these blankets and put them in the wagon!” Jen took them and hurried away. Thunder boomed overhead, and the younger cousins screamed. They ran under the wagon and huddled together.
Joyah ran over to the wagon and crouched down next to it. “Hey, is everyone okay?” Lily threw herself into Joyah’s arms and the others crowded close to her. Some of them were crying. “Are you scared of the thunder?” Joyah asked them. They nodded. “Do you know what thunder is?” Joyah asked. They shook their heads. “Thunder is just the giants in the sky playing their drums,” she told them. “Sometimes when it rains they form a parade. The loud thunder is big drums, and the little thunder is from drums held by little giants.”
“Little giants that are young like us?” Lily asked. Joyah nodded.
“And they like jumping. When they land they form cracks in the clouds that light shines through. That’s the lightning.”
Mily poked her head out from under the wagon. Lightning crossed the sky. She jumped and pointed.
“Look, they jumped!”
Thunder boomed.
“And drums!” David yelled.
“Listen for the next one,” Joyah said. All four of them waited. Lightning flashed and thunder boomed. Mily yelled “They jumped!” the same time that David and Vila yelled “Drums!”
“Was that a big drum or a little one?” Joyah asked them. The three of them thought for a moment. Joyah smiled at how seriously they took the question.
“Big,” Vila decided. The other two agreed.
“Everyone in the wagon!” Vily called. Joan helped her little cousins in. Lily still clung to Joyah.
“I’m scared.”
Joyah set her in the wagon and climbed in after her.
 “Do you want to hear a song my Aunty used to sing to me when I was afraid?” Joyah asked her. Lily climbed into her lap and nodded. Joyah slowly rocked her as she sang.
Way down in the meadow in a little bed,
a little sweet girl rests her weary head,
she doesn’t have to worry, she doesn’t have to cry,
‘cause her friend is here to sing a lullaby.

When Aunty had sung it to Joyah she had used “Aunty’s” instead of “friend is,” but friend worked just as well. Up in the front of the wagon the adults climbed into their seat and Davis took the reins. He looked back at the kids.
“Everyone ready?”
The cousins all chorused, “Yes.” Davis cracked the reins and the wagon started off.
Gilla perched on the chest next to Joyah.
“That’s a neat song. Where did your Aunty learn it?”
“I don’t know,” Joyah said. “I never asked. Didn’t your parents sing you to sleep?”
“No,” Gilla said. “I don’t allow my mother in my room and my father always works late. Besides, he can’t hold a note.”
The storm got worse as they went along. Sometimes the wind would blow sideways and everyone would crouch down to try to avoid getting wet. Joyah leaned over the side to look down at the road. They weren’t on one of the main roads, so it was made out of dirt. Or at least it had been before the rain came. It had turned to mud, so the horses had to work to get the wheels through.
“If those wheels sink in any more then we could be stuck,” Joyah told Jeff.
He leaned over the side, shielding his eyes from the rain with his hand so he could look at the sky.
“It doesn’t look like this is going to be stopping any time soon.”
“Then we’ll just have to hope and pray that the road holds out,” Joyah said.
The roads did not hold out. It was just after noon when the wagon gave a lurch and stopped. The younger cousins began to cry. Jan jumped down from the wagon and inspected the wheels.
“We’re stuck!” Jan yelled over the storm. “The wheels are sunk right in!” Davis jumped down after her.
“We’ll all have to push! Joan, take the reins!”
“Come on!” Joyah yelled to her friends. They climbed down after the adults. The mud went up to her knees and fell down the tops of her boots.
“Ugh,” Jeff groaned.
“Don’t be such a baby!” Gilla yelled over the wind.
Jen landed behind them, splattering them with mud.
“Jen, stay with your cousins!” Jan yelled to her.
“No mom!” Jen yelled. “I can help!”
“It’s too dangerous, Jen!” Ben told her. “You could slip and get caught under a wheel!” Joyah stood next to Jen.
“Maybe she can help! We need all the strength we can get!” Jan looked like she wanted to protest. “I’ll stay with her and keep her up!” Joyah said. Jan bit her lip and looked at Ben. Ben shrugged. Jan sighed, though they couldn’t hear it above the storm.
“Okay, but be careful, Jen, and stay with Joyah!”
“Alright, everyone listen up!” Davis called. “Jeff, Joyah, Jen, and Gilla, push on the back! Ben, take the front right corner! Jan, take the front left corner! Vily and I will lead the horses!”
Joyah, Jen, and her two friends went to the back of the wagon and put their shoulders to it. It was the safest place to be. If they slipped they couldn’t be trampled. Joyah didn’t want to be safe while others weren’t, but she wasn’t going to defy Davis. Up at the front of the wagon she heard Davis yell, “Push!” Joan cracked the reins, and Joyah started pushing against the wood. Vily and Davis pulled on the horses so they would pull on the wagon.
Very slowly the wagon began to inch forward. The rain battered the small group as they strained. Water dripped into Joyah’s eyes and plastered her hair to her head. Every time she took a step she had to not only fight the weight of the wagon but also the heavy mud that sucked at her feet.
Finally she heard Davis yell above the wind, “We’re almost out! We just need one more push! All together now, one, two, three…”
Joyah strained against the wood. Her arms and legs screamed in protest. Then the wagon came out with a loud pop. A cheer went up at the front as it came free.
They’re joy was short lived as the wagon started rolling backwards.
“Run, you’ll be crushed!” Jan screamed. The teens scrambled to get out of the way, slipping in the mud. The horses panicked, flailing around and preventing the adults from getting back to the wagon to stop it. Gilla shrieked as Jeff slipped in the mud and went down. He tried to get back up, but a wheel pinned his sword. Joyah pushed Jen at Gilla to get her to safety and whipped back around. She slammed her shoulder into the wagon and dug her heels into the mud until she hit solid ground.
The wagon slowed its descent but it didn’t stop. To her dismay Joyah felt herself being slowly pushed backwards. She had trained hours in her studio giving herself speed, dexterity, focus, and strength, but none of that helped her when faced with the bulk of the wagon. Joyah gritted her teeth and pushed back that despair. She had not come all this way to let one stupid wagon turn all of that hard work into a waste!
Joyah closed her eyes. She looked inside herself and shut out the world around her. Gone was the wind and rain, the water running down her nose, the weight of the wagon forcing her back. There was just her and the strength that flowed through her. Her determination and power. It swirled in a chaos of energy, coming and going in bursts. She breathed deeply and relaxed her mind, letting those energies rest. She brought them together throughout her body to form a solid, rock hard structure.
The movement of the wagon stopped.
Davis grabbed the horses by their reins and kept them from thrashing around, allowing the adults to rush in to push the wagon back to where it had been. Joyah fell to her knees breathing heavily as the weight was lifted from her. Gilla dropped Jen into the mud and ran over to her two friends. She dropped to her knees beside them.
“Oh my gosh are you okay?!”
 They both nodded.
The adults finished getting the wagon to flatter ground and ran back to the teens.
“Is everyone okay? Is anyone hurt?” Vily asked.
“No, thanks to Joyah,” Jeff said. He smiled at her, and she returned it.
“It isn’t safe to go any farther today,” Davis said. “We should get the wagon off the road and camp until this rain passes.”
No one disagreed. Once they brought the wagon off the road Vily looked the teens up and down. “You four are absolutely covered in mud. You might as well let the rain wash you off before you get back into the wagon.”
“If we get in then we’ll get all your stuff wet, and there isn’t enough room on the front bench for the adults and us,” Joyah said. Vily put her hands on her hips.
“Well, we aren’t going to make you stand outside until the storm blows over!”
Gilla was practically jumping up and down with an idea.
“I know I know! We could make a tent so we won’t get your stuff wet and still have a place to be!”
“But the tent isn’t big enough,” Jeff pointed out. Vily smiled.
“I’ll show you how to make a tent the simple way!”
“Simple” would have been a good word for it if it hadn’t been stormy out. The wind buffeted the tarp as they tried to hang it to create a roof and the water running on the ground kept almost sweeping away the blanket they made into a floor. Eventually, though, Vily managed to show them how to create a tent using ropes, tarps, blankets, and clothespins.
They tied three ropes between two trees each, two parallel to each other and one higher up in between them. Then she laid a tarp across them to form a pointed roof and two walls. She laid a blanket on the ground for a floor and clipped it to the walls to keep it from washing away. She told them that if it was good weather then they didn’t need to clip it to the walls or add in the last two walls. She took two more blankets and clipped them to each side of the tarp. The four teens let the rain wash the mud off them and then crawled into their homemade tent. Gilla grinned.
“I love it!”
“It seems kind of rickety,” Jeff said. “Won’t it blow over?”
“It might,” Jen said. She sat as far away from him as possible. “But that’s a risk whenever you set up any temporary shelter.”
“Have you ever made something like this when you were out in the country, Joyah?” Gilla asked. Joyah shook her head.
“No, have you?”
“I’ve never stayed outside overnight before,” Gilla said. “This is new for everybody.”
“I guess I’m not somebody then,” Jen said grumpily.
“Agreed,” Gilla said cheerfully.
Joyah could tell that this was going to be a long afternoon. She stuck her arms out, preventing any further argument.
“Hey! We’re going to be stuck with each other for hours, so we might as well try to get along!”
They sat in an awkward silence as they listened to the rain pounding outside. Jen broke the silence first.
“How did you do it?”
Joyah blinked.
“Do what?”
“Stop the wagon,” Jen said. “It was pushing you backwards and then it just stopped. That thing is heavy. How did you do it?”
Joyah thought back to that moment. Back to the rain pounding her, the mud sucking at her feet, the wagon bearing her backwards. She had brought everything in her together to create one powerful force. It was enough to stop the wagon. She knew what she did, but not what to call it. What had she really done?
“I centered,” Joyah said.
“Huh?” was everyone else’s reaction.
“I calmed my mind and my emotions and brought my focus together,” Joyah explained. “Remember those energies I talked about? Centering is the first step to achieving perfect internal balance.”
“I think you’re wrong,” Jen said. “My teacher talked a little about centering. It’s supposed to calm your mind to allow you to focus clearly. I think you went a step beyond that.” Joyah thought about that.
“You mean my centering allowed me to achieve greater balance?”
Jen shrugged. “I guess. I don’t know what this balance stuff is.”
“THIS IS GREAT!” Joyah yelled, making everyone jump. “It’s the first step to achieving internal balance! Oh man, I really wish I had a jewel now, maybe I could actually do it!” Gilla rubbed her ear.
“That’s great, now could you please stop yelling in my ear?”
“You actually know how to do all those things my teacher could?!” Jen exclaimed. “Can you show me how?!”
“No,” Joyah said. “It’s taken me years of study and meditation to reach the point that I’m at now.”
Jen looked crestfallen.
“But I could show you how to center,” Joyah continued. Jen’s face lit up. “That is, if you want to learn from me,” Joyah finished.
Jen froze, remembering she was supposed to hate her. Joyah watched as Jen turned grumpy again, struggling between wanting to act better than her (though she couldn’t say anything mean since Jeff was there) and dying to learn what her teacher knew. Finally she grudgingly said, “Whatever. I’ll see what you can do, but don’t expect me to listen or anything.” Joyah rolled her eyes at her friends.
“Wouldn’t dream of it.”
The only sound in the make-shift tent was from the storm raging outside. Joyah watched as Jen shifted uncomfortably. The younger girl slowly realized that Joyah was going to make her ask to tell her what to do first. She finally gave in.
“So, are you going to say what to do or are we going to just sit here all day?” she muttered.
Joyah smiled to herself and shifted so she was cross legged in front of Jen.
“There is an abundance of energies that flow through every living thing. Perfect balance of your thoughts, emotions, and energies will allow a person to also have great internal balance and be able to perform great external feats.”
“Like when you stopped the wagon!” Jen said.
“Basically,” Joyah agreed. “What I did today was a miniature example. I didn’t reach internal balance, only something like it. In order to reach internal balance you need a jewel or a structure of jewels to focus through.”
“Centering is the first step of balance. By calming your thoughts and emotions you can then have clearer focus. That allows you to gain control.” Joyah gave her a pointed look. “Something you greatly need.” Jen looked indignant.
“How do you know what I need?! You don’t even know me!”
“Enya,” Jeff said warningly. Jen glanced at him and seemed to shrink in on herself a little.
“Whatever, keep going.”
“Let’s get something straight, here,” Joyah said. “You came to me for this. If I’m going to teach you then you need to listen to me and do as you’re told. Understand?” Jen nodded without looking at any of them. Joyah continued.
“You first need to find peace within yourself.”
“Huh?” Jen asked.
“Everyone has problems throughout the day, things that cause them stress,” Joyah explained. “You need to put these troubles to rest. They won’t necessarily be completely gone, but you need to set them aside so you can deal with them once you’re thinking clearly during centering.”
“Gee, that’s so helpful,” Jen said sarcastically. “Any wise advice on how to do that?”
Joyah kept herself from snapping back. This was going to be a long instruction session.
“Close your eyes,” she said. Jen did. “Calm your mind and push all your thoughts out of it,” Joyah told her in a slow, low voice. “Let go of your troubles and personal dilemmas. Let yourself find peace. Feeling anything yet?”
“Yes,” Jen said. “I feel stupid.” Joyah rolled her eyes.
“You need get rid of your feelings. They’ll just get in the way. Ignore the world around you, your own body, and the activities of your mind. Just relax and find peace.”
Joyah watched Jen closely. She didn’t expect her to get it on the first try, but apparently the other girl did. Jen tried so hard to relax she just made herself all tense.
“Don’t try so hard,” Joyah said. “If you keep telling yourself to let go then you’re keeping yourself from doing just that.”
Jen took a deep breath and let it out. Her face screwed up in concentration. She finally opened her eyes.
“It’s not working!”
“It takes practice,” Joyah told her.
“It’s stupid and it doesn’t work!” Jen yelled. The rain had stopped while they were talking, so she threw open the flap and stormed out. “I quit!”
“Why do you keep trying to make friends with her?” Gilla asked. “All she’s ever shown you is disrespect and anger.”
Joyah sighed through her nose and leaned up against the side of the tent.
“Because I see potential in her. She could be a great swordswoman and a good ally, and we need all the allies we can get.”
“If she would just grow up,” Jeff said. Joyah nodded in agreement.
“I don’t think she quite gets how evil people can be.”
“She shouldn’t have to,” Jeff said. “Not yet anyway. She’s still too young.”
“I know,” Joyah said. “I never said she had to learn all at once. Growth takes time, maybe years, so if she starts learning now then she’ll have plenty of time.”
“Maybe that’s what she wants,” Gilla piped up. Her friends looked at her.
“What?”
“Maybe she wants a chance to grow and learn over her years but she knew no one would let her,” Gilla said. “That’s why she wanted to be a hero, to prove she was up for it.”
“It makes sense,” Joyah said. “Though there’s no way we’re going to find out for sure. It’s not like she’s going to tell us.”
Gilla shrugged and crawled past them to get to the exit.
“Whatever. Anyway, the rain has stopped so we might as well go outside. The rest of her family might need us.”
The ground was soupy and the road was a river. When they stepped on a patch of grass they would leave a brown indent that flooded with muddy water. Joyah had to stop multiple times to pull her boot out of the mud before it was sucked off her foot.
The four younger cousins were having a blast. They were covered in mud before Vily had a chance to notice. When she saw them she shook her head.
“Just look at yourselves, you’re absolutely filthy! How are we going to get you all cleaned up? It doesn’t matter now. You might as well take off your shoes so you don’t lose them as you play.”
“I could get some of the mud off them,” Joyah offered. “There’s a way to do it in the forest.”
“All right,” Vily said. “Stay with Joyah, kids. Leave your shoes under the wagon so you don’t lose them.”
The four kids groaned as Vily walked away.
“I don’t want to walk barefoot!” Mily whined. Joyah smiled warmly at them.
“You know, in the villages out in the country people don’t get shoes until they’re adults.” She slipped off her own boots and set them beside the four little pairs of shoes under the wagon. “These are brand new, the first pair I’ve ever owned.”
“So everyone just goes around barefoot?” Mily asked in wonder.
“All the kids do,” Joyah said. “It can be fun. You get to feel the grass and mud and loam as you walk over it.”
Joyah led the four children into the forest. The kids scampered among the trees and underbrush, having a great time and making enough noise to raise the entire forest. Joyah watched the trees around them until she found the right one. She squatted next to them to get closer to their level and pointed to the tree.
“Do you know what type of tree this is?”
The tree was shorter than the ones around it, but its branches were longer. It had green leaves ranging from the size of one of the kids to as big as Joyah’s hat. Large bunches of small yellow berries peaked out around the leaves. The kids shook their heads.
“This is a Paulmin tree,” Joyah said. “They’re scattered randomly around the Gorem forest.  Its bark has natural pain killers, the berries are healthy and tasty, and my cousin Rick showed me once something else that’s useful.”
Joyah stood and walked to stand under one of the lower branches. She turned and gave the four kids a mischievous smile.
 “So, which one of you likes surprises?”
Vila raised her hand and started jumping up and down with excitement.
“Ooh, ooh, pick me!”
Joyah had to laugh.
“Okay Vila, come stand here.” Vila marched over to stand beside her. “Ready?” Joyah asked. Vila nodded. Joyah reached above her head to touch one of the bigger leaves and tilted it down.
Vila shrieked as a cascade of water tumbled down from the leaf onto her head. She looked absolutely shocked. Joyah joined in with the other three cousin’s laughter. “A natural shower,” she said.
The cousins had a great time jumping up and pulling the leaves down on themselves. Joyah made sure the water that had been caught by the leaves wasn’t just for play and was actually getting some mud off. Lily grabbed Joyah’s hand and started pulling her.
“What is it?” Joyah asked her. The little girl gave no answer, so Joyah went with her. They stopped before David and Mily, who were giggling in the way little kids do if they’re up to something. Joyah put her hands on her hips and grinned at them. “What?” Lily scampered over to her siblings. Joyah’s eyes narrowed as she had a thought. She pointed at them each in turn. “One, two, three…”
Cold water crashed down on her head. She shrieked in a very not-grown-up way. The three siblings in front of her burst out laughing. Joyah brushed her wet hair out of her eyes and looked above her. Vila was on a tree branch next to a very large leaf. She pointed down at Joyah and yelled, “Surprise!”
Joyah put her hands on her hips again, but she couldn’t help but smile.
“When I get my hands on you kids!”
The three on the ground all took off in opposite directions. Vila slid down the tree and followed. They covered all four points of a compass, but that didn’t matter to Joyah. She was used to chasing down many little kids. She laughed and yelled after them, “You better run!” Then she took off after them. For a little while, for the first time in days she felt…free. Happy and carefree, like she was back home with her real family playing with her own little cousins without a care in the world.
It came to an end way too soon in Joyah’s mind (though really they had been gone for an hour) when Vily came to find them. Joyah saw her first and came to a dead stop. All four cousins ran into her legs behind her.
“Having a good time?” Vily asked, hands on her hips. Joyah exchanged guilty looks with the four kids. They had been out way too long. None of them knew what would come next. Were they in trouble?
Finally Vily couldn’t keep them in suspense any longer.
“Well, I want all of you to march right back to the campsite right now. I want you to make s’mores and tell campfire stories and sing songs and do whatever it is you kids do on a camping trip, do you hear me?”
The four cousins jumped up and down and cheered before running to Vily. Joyah sighed in relief.
Back at the campsite Gilla was (trying) to teach Jeff how to make a fire. She glanced up when Joyah approached.
“Hey, we just got dry. Why are you all wet again?”
“Four little reasons,” Joyah said, pointing over at the four cousins. She sat down next to the almost-fire on a small tarp and gazed around. The sun was starting to sink below the horizon, casting long shadows around the little campsite. Vily was laying out blankets for people to sit on and two of the three older cousins were helping the younger cousins get their marshmallows ready. Joyah had heard how some high-class families could afford a type of food called chocolate that went well in s’mores, but that was very expensive.
Wet ground squished behind Joyah as someone approached. Gilla glanced up at the person behind Joyah and smirked.
“Well, isn’t it little princess perfect. Come back to yell more?”
“Shut up, Fletcher,” Jen said softly. Joyah turned to look up at her and raised an eyebrow. Jen wouldn’t meet her eyes.
“Yes?” Joyah asked. Finally Jen sighed.
“I came here to say, I want a second chance. I still want to learn how to center, and maybe even a little more.” She knelt on the ground in front of Joyah, her head bowed. “I want to learn from you.”
Joyah snuck a smile at her two friends, who both looked extremely surprised.  Joyah brought herself up to one knee and leaned on the other one.
 “Why? I thought it was stupid.”
“I… said that because I couldn’t do it,” Jen said. “I’ve dreamed of doing at least a little bit of what my teacher devoted his life to. I was actually disappointed in myself for my failure.”
“It wasn’t failure, Jen,” Joyah said. “Not until you walked out. Everything takes time and patience. No one gets it right on their first try.” She stood. “Stand up, you’re getting your trousers soaked.” Jen bounced to her feet.
“So, you’ll teach me?” Joyah nodded. Jen punched the air and jumped in excitement. “Yes!”
Joyah held up a finger.
“But, I don’t want any of your attitude.”
“Oh, I won’t, I promise!”
“Go get another blanket and we can start right away.” Jen bounded off. Joyah’s friends stood on either side of her.
“That was a brave thing for her to do,” Jeff commented. Joyah nodded again.
“She’s finally showing a little more maturity.”
Jen brought back a blanket and laid it on the ground next to them. As they sat Jen asked, “Okay, what do we do first?”
“First you need to calm down,” Joyah said. “You’re practically bouncing off the walls, if there were walls here.”
“Oh.” Jen took a deep breath and let it out. “Right. Calming the mind and all of that.”
“Close your eyes,” Joyah said. Jen did as she was told. “You know how when you’re falling asleep you can never do it if you tell yourself to?” Joyah asked. Jen nodded. “Well, it’s like that,” she said. “You need to store away your thoughts and emotions without forcing yourself.”
Jen sat quietly for a while. Joyah could see her shoulders slowly release some of their tension. She had a flash of hope that maybe this high-strung girl could reach some stage of peace after all. Joyah sat crisscross and set her hands on her knees. She took a deep breath and closed her eyes as well. It had been a while since she had been able to meditate herself. If she was going to ever reach some stage of perfect balance then she needed to practice.
Jen squirmed and cracked one eye open.
“Hold still,” Joyah instructed without opening her eyes. “And no peeking.”
Jen immediately snapped her eye shut. The girl took another breath and tried to resettle herself.
“Am I supposed to be getting a headache?” she asked.
“It happens to beginners,” Joyah said. “You’re focusing too hard again.” Jen let out some air between her teeth.
“It’s hard to sit still like this.”
“I know what you mean,” said Gilla. “I hate sitting and doing something boring. Uh, not that what you’re doing is boring,” she added, glancing at Joyah. “It’s just that I have a lot of experience doing dull stuff.”
“If you all keep talking then she’ll never get it and we’ll never move on,” Joyah said. Jen perked up.
“Move on? You mean we’re going to do something other than sit and meditate?”
“If you want,” Joyah said. “You can use centering to calm your strokes so your fighting can be more controlled.”
“Yes!” Jen whispered as she closed her eyes again.
Joyah cracked her eyes open to look at Jen again.
“Breathe deeply,” she said in a soft voice. “Turn off your outer senses and turn on your inner eye.”
“What inner eye?” Jen asked.
“Your internal awareness,” Joyah said. “I’m not going to say ‘look inside yourself’ because that’s cheesy. ‘Use your inner eye’ is a lot better.”
“Oh.”
Joyah watched as Jen’s whole body slowly relaxed over the next few minutes. She didn’t know how much time went by, but it was enough for Gilla to lose interest and for Jeff to start fidgeting. Finally she said, “Now don’t let go of the peace you’re in. Do you think you’ve done it?”
Jen for once sounded calm when she spoke, the anger and sadness that had touched her voice before was gone.
“Actually, yes. I think.”
“Without losing this, open your eyes.”
Jen’s eyes slowly opened. Her shoulders drooped.
“It’s gone.”
Joyah smiled.
“It will take time to be able to maintain what you had.”
“That means more practice, doesn’t it?” Jen groaned.
“Yup,” Joyah said. “Hours of meditation. You’d better start now.” Jen groaned again, but she shut her eyes and went back to meditation.
Joyah was about to do the same when someone tapped the top of her head.
“Not you, you’ve been forgetting something,” Jeff said.
“What?” she asked.
“I know,” Jen said, opening her eyes. “You told me you had asked him to train you. This I gotta see!”
Joyah wanted to keep meditating, but she dragged herself to her feet.
“Not you,” she said, tapping Jen on the head. “You’re going to keep training yourself.” Jen glared up at her.
“I am not! You-”
Jeff cleared his throat, making Jen stop. She took a deep breath to calm herself. Joyah had to keep from smiling. The girl’s work was already paying off.
“I want to see you two in action,” Jen said.
“You’ll have plenty of time for that later,” Joyah said. Jen made a horrid face and probably would have kept arguing if Jeff hadn’t been there, but she went back to her work.


Chapter 8
The Road to Laar


Someone was shaking her shoulder.
“Hey, wake up,” that someone hissed. “Pain, wake up!”
Joyah rolled over onto her back and blinked groggily up at the form standing over her. It was Jen.
“What?” Joyah snapped.
“Come on, I want to go train before we gotta head out again!” Jen said. Joyah rubbed her eyes and looked at the sky.
“The sun’s not even up yet.”
“I wanna get an early start,” she said.
Joyah’s three swords landed on her stomach.
“Oof!”
“There’s your stuff, now come on!”
Joyah sighed and slipped on and buttoned up her vest. She slipped on her belt and tied the scabbard of her katana to it. Her double swords she carried.
Jen was standing near the woods tapping her foot.
“Come on!”
There wasn’t a definite clearing near the campsite, so they made due with the low space under the Paulmin tree’s branches. Jen sat down on the soft loam of the forest floor without Joyah having to tell her to and closed her eyes. Joyah mirrored her. The breeze shifted the leaves of the forest and lifted Joyah’s hair from her shoulders. She peeped an eye open to see Jen. The girl actually looked peaceful with her face relaxed and the wind playing with her silky hair.
“Try opening your eyes,” Joyah said. Jen took a breath and did. Then her shoulders slumped. No luck. Joyah gave her an encouraging smile. “Don’t give up just yet.” They tried it three more times. They stayed out so long that the sun was rising above the horizon. Joyah was a little impressed on how many hours Jen was able to do. She wouldn’t have thought that such a high-strung person could sit still that long. On the fourth try Jen didn’t look disappointed. Joyah raised an eyebrow in question. The younger girl gave her a small smile in answer. She had done it.
Joyah stood and drew her gold swords. She usually only wielded one sword, but she also knew how to use two.
 “Stand and face me.”
Jen jumped up and drew her own swords. She took a ready position across from her. Joyah frowned at her stance. She’d deal with that later.
“Before you begin you should center. It will give you more control and keep you from doing something stupid.” Jen closed her eyes and took a breath. Joyah kept from smiling. That was unnecessary since she was already centered, but she wasn’t about to stop her. Jen brought her swords up in a ready position. Time to deal with that stance. “You’re stance is wrong. It has to be broader and lighter. And if you stand sideways,” she demonstrated, “you’ll be a smaller target.” Jen copied her. “Better,” Joyah said. “Now, attack me.”
Jen lunged forward, aiming at Joyah’s stomach. Joyah flicked it aside and sidestepped. The girl’s momentum sent her stumbling past her.
“You put too much momentum into your swings. You need to be quick and light on your feet. Otherwise you’ll end up like one of those thugs back in town.” Jen attacked again, only this time careful not to make the same mistake. “It’s a dance,” Joyah said as they fought. “Each stroke is controlled. A master’s strokes are graceful as well as deadly.”
“Like yours,” Jen piped up.
Joyah stepped back, flicking a curl out of her eyes and smiling at Jen’s new control.
“I’m not a master.”
Jen snorted.
“Right.”
Joyah raised an eyebrow.
“No, really. I hope to be one someday, but there are plenty of men and women who have dedicated their entire lives to swordplay.” Joyah’s smile turned wistful. “To learn from one of them, that would be a great honor.”
They practiced until the sun was well over the horizon. They arrived back at the camp before anyone woke up. No one would know they had even left. After a quick breakfast they headed back out, this time with Jeff and Gilla in toe.
Gilla flowed up the Paulmin tree until she found a comfortable branch to relax on. One of the bundles of fruit was in her reach, and she popped some in her mouth.
“Hungry already?” Jen asked, looking up at her. “We just ate!” Gilla grinned down at her.
“When you become an active teenager, you’ll understand.”
Jeff joined Jen in looking up at Gilla.
“Let me guess, you spend half your time in trees up at your country house.”
“Not half the time,” Gilla said. “But I do like climbing.”
Joyah cleared her throat. Jen took her place across from her. Joyah had her practice some of the moves she had taught her over and over, drilling it into her brain until it was almost automatic. Jeff and Gilla would give advice; Jeff’s helpful, Gilla’s not. Although Joyah had still been under the instruction of her village’s main swordswoman at the level she was teaching Jen, she deferred to Jeff whenever he pointed out something she had been doing wrong. After all, he had had longer, better instruction than her.
At one point Joyah glanced over at Jeff to find him looking up at Gilla. Joyah followed his gaze to find her staring off into space with a calm, happy look on her face. Gilla blinked and looked around as she realized everyone was staring at her. Her expression returned to annoyance.
“What?”
“What were you thinking about?” Jeff asked her. Gilla shrugged.
“Nothing really. This is kind of, nice, that’s all.”
“Nice? You aren’t going soft, are you, Gilla?” Jeff asked, grinning. Gilla glared down at him.
“Next time you call me soft I’ll fill you with arrows, Jeffery Raymond!”
“You don’t hang out with friends at home?” Jen asked.
Gilla crossed her arms over her chest and shrugged.
“I spend most of my time shooting arrows. The city kids are all drags, too uptight for me. Uh, present company not included,” she added, glancing at Jeff. “I was an only child, so it’s kinda weird being in such a large family,” she continued. “There’re so many friendly people. It’s, well, nice.” Jen snorted.
“Not always. You’ve never got time for yourself, you’re expected to be like everyone else, and you have to live up to everything anyone did before you. There’s no way to make yourself… special.”
“I don’t think so,” Joyah said. “I come from a very big family. There’s always someone there for you and someone to be with if you want company. You just have to find a place to go to be alone and do your own thing.”
“Did you have friends?” Jeff asked. Joyah thought and then shook her head.
“I’ve never really thought about it. Fun for me was spending time in the martial arts studio.”
“That’s your problem,” Gilla said. “You don’t know how to have fun.” Joyah looked up at her indignantly.
“I know how to have fun!”
“Other than practicing martial arts?” Gilla prompted.
“Yes,” Joyah said. “I had fun with Jen’s little cousins yesterday. Here, actually.”
“Here?” Jeff asked. “What could you do here? Climb the tree?”
Joyah and Gilla exchanged grins. They knew exactly what you could do with a Paulmin tree.
“Hey Jeff,” Gilla said as she leaned over to touch a branch above him. “This is for calling me soft.” She tilted one of the leaves down above him.
“AAH!”
Jeff glared as they laughed at him.
“Very funny.”
“Hey, look on the bright side,” Gilla said. “We just figured out that Joyah can have fun. It’s an inspiration!” Joyah put her hands on her hips.
“Why don’t you come join us down here on the forest floor?  I know two people who’d love to give you a special greeting.”
“Now we know why she spends so much time in trees,” Jeff commented.
They practiced until Jan called them back to the camp. When they arrived the wagon was packed and the family was climbing in. Joyah frowned at Jan.
“You should have called us in. We should have helped you break camp.”
“And ruin your fun?” she said with a smile. She glanced at Jen to make sure she was out of earshot. She was laughing as Jeff tried to explain to Vily why he was dripping wet. “I appreciate how much time you’re spending with Jen. These last few weeks she’s been… distant. It’s nice to see her spending time with people again. I don’t know what got into her before.” Joyah shrugged.
“It’s no problem, I like Jen.”
“How much longer until we get to Laar?” Mily whined as they started off.
“We only just started,” Joyah said, grinning.
“But we’ve been traveling for days!” Vila exclaimed.
“Well, the weather has slowed us down a lot,” Davis said from the front seat, “but with luck we’ll arrive tomorrow night.”
“Hurray!” the younger cousins shouted.
“Actually, if we join a caravan at Widlin we could get there tomorrow morning instead of at night,” Ben said.
Gilla asked, “Why would joining a caravan get us there faster?” the same time Joyah asked, “What’s Widlin?” Vily laughed.
“So many questions! Widlin is a town not that far from here. It’s a little bigger than Tayne and groups of travelers often stop there for extra supplies or to join a caravan. Joining a caravan would make the trip go faster because there are more people to help if something bad happens and bandits are less likely to attack.”
Jen snorted. “Like that would be a problem. Other travelers would be lucky to be traveling with us on that account.”
The trip to Widlin was uneventful.  The cousins got Joyah to play Tick Flip with them. It was a game in which you used small, flat circles called Ticks to flip other Ticks into a wood cup. The one to have flipped the most Ticks into the cup by the end of the game won. It was very interesting since the wagon was so bumpy.
Around noon they pulled into the streets of Widlin. The buildings all had one story. They had white or gray walls and pointed black roofs made from bamboo. A wooden wall surrounded the town, but it wasn’t large enough for anyone to walk on, unlike the wall in Guem. The streets were dusty and dirty, but the people seemed happy enough.
The wagon pulled up to a building. Other wagons of various sizes were also stopped there. Joyah glanced around her as Davis got off and entered the building. A couple adults stood near the door conversing while children played among the wagons. The adults climbed down.
“You kids can go play while Davis signs up to join a caravan,” Vily said to the cousins. “Stay off the road and away from the horses.” Joyah and her friends helped the younger cousins down and they ran off to play with the other children.
Jan took the horses from the front of the wagon and started leading them away. Jen bounced up to her.
“Can I take the horses to the water trough?” she asked. Her mother shook her head.
“You aren’t big enough, Jen. If they get spooked they could trample you.”
Jen scowled. “I’m old enough to handle them!”
“But you aren’t big enough,” Jan said patiently. Obviously this was a conversation they had had before. Jen walked back to stand next to the three teens.
“No size comments,” she told Gilla, pointing at her accusingly. Gilla put her hands up.
“Hey, I’ve been small all my life. No size jokes here.”
Jeff raised an eyebrow at her.
“Tell that to Denton!”
She waved her hand dismissively.
“No, he was way too tall, not short. That’s open season.”
“How old are you?” Joyah asked Jen.
Jen made a face. “Eleven.”
“Really?” Jeff said. “I thought you were-”
“Eight?” Jen guessed. “Yeah, I know. I’m actually the oldest kid in my family, but Bane and Joan are both taller than me.”
“Great news, everyone!” Davis called. He was standing outside of the door to the building next to a boisterous, hairy man.
“You folks just filled the last spot in today’s caravan!” the hairy man said. “You can head out right away!” Gilla sighed.
“Great, more riding. My legs are so cramped!”
There were ten wagons in their caravan in all. As they headed out of town Joyah blinked at the dirt being kicked up by the wagons in front of them.
“Is traveling in groups always this dusty?”
“Sometimes,” Davis said. “Especially when you’re near the back.”
Joyah looked around at the caravan. Now they were in a group even bigger than before. It felt…wrong. She was supposed to be traveling only with Jeff and Gilla, she just knew it! She could feel that now even stronger than before. She glanced at her friends. They would never agree to leave now. Especially now when Jen was finally being friendly.
Vily was right, traveling in a group was easier. They had covered more ground that day than usual when the groups finally decided to stop for the night. They pulled over near the side of the road in a circle formation to protect them from wind. The groups decided to share a fire and dinner. That way each family would get the same amount for less. Joyah had just sat down when Jen started tugging on her sleeve. Joyah groaned.
“Couldn’t we just relax for one night?”
Jen put her hands on her hips.
“Hey, you’re the one who spent all that time trying to get me to let you teach me, so suck it up.”
Joyah sighed as she dragged herself to her feet. She picked up her swords and nudged Jeff with her toe.
“Come on.” 
Jeff dragged Gilla to her feet and they followed Jen off into the woods.
“If we keep sneaking off like this then eventually your family’s going to notice,” Jeff said as he watched Jen and Joyah fight.
“I’ve snuck out like this a thousand times and no one ever noticed me,” Gilla said.
“Your mom did,” Jeff pointed out.
“Eventually.” Gilla waved a hand dismissively. “Yeah, but she was trying to dominate my life.”
“Over protective parents keep just as tight a reign on their children,” Jen muttered.
Joyah lunged through her defenses and slapped the flat of her blade against her shoulder.
“Pay attention.”
 Jen rubbed her shoulder irritably.
“Why don’t you just tell them?” Joyah asked as they started up again.
“They wouldn’t understand,” Jen said. “They’d make me stop.”
“How do you know what they’ll do if you don’t give them a chance?” Joyah asked. “It seems that’s all you want from them. Why don’t you give them the same opportunity?”
Jen stepped back and wiped sweat from her brow. “Do you always give such annoyingly true advice?”
“Yes,” Gilla piped up before Joyah could answer.
Joyah glared at Gilla before turning back to Jen.
“Enya, this secret you’re keeping is hurting your relationship with your parents. They don’t know what’s wrong. They’re worried about you.”
“Of course they’re worried,” Jen said. “They’re always worried about something. Worried I’m lost, worried I’ll get hurt, worried they’re too worried.” She sounded snarky, but Joyah could see her softening.
“Living with your family can’t be that bad,” Joyah said. “There has to be things you like.”
“Well… Joan and Bane are my best friends,” Jen said slowly. “And my little cousins are really cute, although they can be a big pain sometimes. And my parents are always there when I need them.” She bit her lip. “And I do love them. I guess…” She glared at Joyah. “Why are you always right?!”
Joyah smiled, remembering her asking her Aunty the same thing a million times.
“I’m not, but I do know a lot about family.”
“So are you going to tell them?” Gilla asked. 
“I guess I will,” Jen said. “Tonight, at the camp fire.”
When they returned to the camp Vily was spreading out sleeping furs and Jan and Ben were talking near the fire in hushed voices. Joyah gave Jen a nudge in the ribs and gestured towards them with her head.
Jen looked almost panicked.
“Right now? Can’t we wait until later?”
“If you keep pushing this off then you’ll never do it,” Joyah said. Jen looked back at her parents and took a deep breath.
“Alright, I guess it’s no time like the present.”
Joyah put her sword in the wagon and then sat with Jeff and Gilla near the fire as Jen approached her parents. She sat down next to them and said, “I need to talk to you about something.”
“What is it, Jen?” Ben said. Jen took a deep breath.
“Mom, Dad, I’ve been sneaking out at nights for the last couple months to practice using these swords. I wanted to get good enough to challenge Marshal and his thugs so you’d finally notice me and be proud of me.”
Jan drew Jen into her arms and held her close.
“Oh honey, we have always loved you and been proud of you. You don’t have to go and do something drastic.”
Jen pulled away so she could look into her mother’s face.
“But, you see, I like sword play and adventure. I can’t be happy living in our small house doing small things and being a meek little town girl. I like doing drastic things. I haven’t told you before because I was afraid you wouldn’t let me keep doing this and that you’d feel differently about me when you found out, but lately it’s been brought to my attention that I can’t keep hiding who I am from you.” She glanced at Joyah.
“We’re glad that you told us this, and it doesn’t change how we feel about you,” Ben said. “But you’re just a little girl. You can’t go off doing dangerous things.”
“They’re doing things!” Jen said, pointing at Joyah and her two friends. “Do you really think three highly trained fighters are just traveling alone and fully armed to Laar for normal reasons?!”
“Their parents may allow them to do these things, but that’s their decision and not ours,” Jan said. “Besides, they are much older than you. You’re just a little girl.”
“I’m not going to go running off into mortal peril right away!” Jen exclaimed. “And I’m not going to be a little girl forever! I just want to be trained and given the opportunity to do bigger things in the future.”
Jen stood and drew her swords.
“I’m already getting better at this.” She stood in a clear area and closed her eyes. She took a deep breath. Joyah smiled. She was focusing her mind like Joyah had taught her to do. The Jen’s eyes snapped open and she lunged to one side. She twisted and turned, her two swords flowing in a dance as she fought an invisible opponent. She still had some of the fury that had fueled her strikes when Joyah had first seen her fight, but now she was gaining control that turned her strokes from flailing lines to almost graceful movements. She ended with sweeping one sword down low near the ground, turning a full circle, and bringing her leg up to hit her invisible opponent in a spinning kick.
Jen looked back at her family. Her eyes were pleading.
“I just want to be given a chance. I can do this!”
Jan and Ben looked at each other. Ben nodded. Jan sighed. She looked up at her daughter.
“This is what you really want?”
Jen nodded.
“Then we’d better find a good school to make sure you’re prepared.”
“Oh thank you, Mom!” Jen yelled. She threw herself into Jan’s lap and wrapped her arms around her neck.
“Just promise us you’ll be careful,” Jan said.
“I will, I will!” Jen exclaimed, making Joyah think that perhaps she would agree with practically anything at the moment and not necessarily hold true to it later.
The other families they were traveling with didn’t know what all the fuss was about, but they knew something good was going on. A man pulled a pipa out of one of the wagons and began to play and upbeat folksong. Someone began to sing, and soon the entire caravan was singing and clapping to the music. Someone cheered when Gilla joined in with a voice as pretty as a bird’s, making her flush. Joyah leaned over and gave her a playful push on her shoulder, bumping her into Jeff like dominoes. Gilla stuck her tongue out at her. Two small and dark objects that someone had thrown at them flew past Jeff and Gilla and would have hit them if Joyah hadn’t nudged them over. A third flew over Joyah’s shoulder, close enough for her to feel the wind. Joyah rolled her eyes; the younger cousins were up to their mischief again.
Joyah looked at what had almost hit her and froze. It wasn’t a rock or a piece of food or a bit of mud. There, stuck into the ground illuminated by the fire, was a black dart.
“Everyone down!” Joyah yelled. The music cut off as Joyah rolled to one side, shoving Gilla and Jeff out of the way as she went just in time to keep three more darts from hitting any of them. “Get into your wagons and run!” Joyah yelled as she came to one knee. Davis reacted first, grabbing everyone within reach and yelling for them to leave everything and run. Joyah’s hand went to her sword only to find empty air. She had taken her sword off when she got back to camp and had put it in the wagon.
Then the screaming began.
Dark figures descended on the caravan, squeezing between the wagons to get into the main area. Gilla had her bow out and was shooting the Assassins as they appeared between the wagons, but she couldn’t keep them all out. Everything was a mass of running people. Joyah tried to push her way to the wagon.
“My sword!” she yelled, her voice lost under the screams of the people around her. “I need my sword!” She tripped over something. She looked behind her to see what it was and found herself staring into the eyes of a corpse. Joyah’s breath caught in her throat. A woman lay at her feet, blood trickling from her mouth. Her eyes were wide and staring. Her mouth was open in a silent, unending scream.
Someone had Joyah by her shoulders and was trying to drag her to her feet.
“Joyah!” Jeff yelled, but she could barely hear him above the screams and through her shock. “Joyah, come on! We’ve got to go!” He dragged her to her feet before the crowd could trample her and dragged her over to the wagon.
“She was dead,” Joyah said. She blinked and looked at him, tears blurring her vision. “Jeff, that woman was dead! Because of us!”
“I know,” he said. He shoved her sword into her hand. “But we’ve got to get moving. These people won’t last five minutes, we need to protect them. Joyah,” he grabbed her chin and forced her to look into his eyes. “We need to stop the Assassins.”
Joyah nodded, bringing herself back into focus.
“Yes, you’re right.” She looked at the chaos. A couple of the wagons had caught fire, creating bright patches in the darkness, adding to the nightmare. “Grab our packs!” Joyah said. Jeff grabbed their packs out of the wagon as Joyah darted off through the crowd.
“Why?!” he called after her.
She wasn’t listening. She worked her way through to Gilla, who was trying to hold off the dark figures so the other people could get to their wagons.
“Gilla!” Joyah yelled above the noise, making her jump. “The Assassins won’t leave these people alone and we can’t hold them off without more people dying!”
“Then what do we do?!” Gilla asked.
“We give them something so good to chase that they’ll all follow us!” Joyah told her. “Get your pack from Jeff and follow me!”
Joyah ran to the far edge of the circle and stopped near a burning wagon. Someone grabbed her arm.
“Wait!” It was Jen.
Joyah turned to face her, exasperated.
“We don’t have enough time-”
“I know,” Jen said. “I want to go with you!” Joyah blinked.
“Enya, you have to stay with you family.”
“But I want to join you!” Jen said. “I know you’re doing something really important, and I want to help. I’m really sorry for how I treated you earlier, I really am.”
“I know,” Joyah said. “But you need to stay here. You need to protect your family.”
“But you said I couldn’t win against them,” Jen said.
“You can’t, but they’re going to be in danger now and they need someone who can at least stand up and take charge.”
Jen drew herself up to her full height as she fought the tears that were coming to her eyes.
“I will, I promise. If you ever need me, just call.”
Jeff appeared at Joyah’s side and handed her her pack. Joyah took the two golden swords and handed them to Jen.
“Take these, you’ll use them more than me. Now get everyone into those wagons and moving.”
Jen nodded and ran off through the crowd.
Joyah turned and hopped up on a pack near the burning wagon. Gilla and Jeff stood uncertainly on the ground.
“Get ready to run,” she said. Then Joyah took the jewel out of her pocket and held it above her head. The light of the fire made it glow, shining red light across the desolated campsite. “HEY!” she screamed as loud as she could. “LOOK WHAT I’VE GOT!”
“This is your plan?!” Gilla yelled. “Your plan sucks!”
Joyah hopped down from the pack.
“Run!”
They ran.
“Are they coming?” Joyah asked. Gilla looked back.
“Uh, yeah. Only they’re disappearing into the woods.”
Joyah cursed under her breath. She should have expected that. Now they wouldn’t be able to see their pursuers. This was going to be a fun little chase through the woods.
“Better keep them focused,” Joyah muttered. She raised the jewel over her head again, silently taunting them.
“I hope you have a plan to get us out of trouble now,” Jeff said.
“Um…” Joyah said uncertainly.
“Great,” he muttered.
They stumbled through the forest, putting distance between themselves and the caravan. Gilla had to keep pulling them up back to their feet, especially Jeff. Running in the dark through the woods was like running blind. There were plenty of things to trip over and twist their ankles on that they would never know were there. They’d never outrun their pursuers at this pace.
“Gilla, can you see the Assassins in the woods?” Joyah asked.
“Barely,” Gilla answered. “I’m kind-of distracted right now.”
“Do you think you can slow them down?” she asked. Gilla sobered.
“I can try.”
“Don’t get caught,” Joyah said, but Gilla had already disappeared into the woods. Joyah pulled Jeff up as he stumbled again. “She’ll be alright,” she told him when he gave her an accusing look. A dark figure dropped from the trees to land in front of them. Joyah jerked to a halt and half drew her sword.
“Wait,” Jeff said, grabbing her wrist. He pointed to an arrow imbedded in the figure’s side.
“Yeah,” Joyah said. “She’ll be fine.”
A black arrow flew over their heads and they took off running again. Branches scratched at their faces and hooked on their clothes. We’re making a nice big trail for them to follow, Joyah thought as she slapped a branch out of her face. But it can’t be helped.
They hadn’t gotten far when the first Assassin caught them. The only warning Joyah got was her instincts screaming. She dropped to her left and rolled. It saved her life. A sword colored black so it wouldn’t glint in the moonlight drew a cut down from her shoulder to her elbow. If she hadn’t moved it would have hit her neck. There wasn’t time to think about that, though. Jeff jumped forward and engaged their attacker before he could pin Joyah down. Joyah leaped to her feet and barely got her own sword in between another attacker and Jeff’s back in time.
They stood back to back. The one on her side lunged in at her chest, surprising her with the speed. She slipped her sword between her opponent’s blade and her own chest, deflecting it down to one side. Joyah slashed across her attacker’s body. Her attacker barely got her sword up and swept Joyah’s sword high. Joyah drew back to avoid the woman’s kick towards her abdomen. She narrowed her eyes. This felt more like fighting Jeff than the black figures she had battled before. As she engaged her opponent again, she thought, something has changed. It’s almost like, like these people are more experienced.  Joyah grimaced as a thought came to her. They’ve sent better fighters against us.
Unfortunately her distraction cost her. Her opponent faked a kick and came up with her sword in a slash. Joyah yanked her thoughts back into the battle. She arched her back and turned her head to avoid it. She cut it so close that she could feel the wisp of air across her cheek.
A slight movement in the shadows caught her eye. Joyah hadn’t seen it when she was facing her opponent, but now that her head was turned she got a clear view of the trees around them. More of the Assassins were slinking through the shadows towards them. She had to end this and end it fast. She turned back to her attacker and lunged at her. Joyah’s foot came down wrong and she slipped on the mud. It made her lunge slow and left a small opening through her defenses. The woman took the opportunity and thrust under her arm at her stomach. Joyah managed to bring her elbow down and knock the sword off to one side so it clipped her hip instead.
What the woman had failed to notice was that the thrust left her open, and when Joyah brought her elbow down it put her sword in perfect line with the woman’s chest. Before the woman had time to even begin pulling her sword back away from her prey Joyah’s sword was buried in her side.
Joyah jerked her sword out of the woman. She didn’t take time to look at what she had done to her hip. That didn’t matter. She turned and thrust past Jeff towards his opponent. His opponent blocked her and Jeff hit him while he was open. Joyah grabbed Jeff by the shoulder.
“Do you see the road?”
He scanned the woods.
 “There!” He pointed off to her left. She pulled him in that direction.
“Come on!”
“What about Gilla?!” he asked as he followed in her wake.
“She’ll be fine, but we won’t be if we don’t get into the open!” she called back. “We can’t fight them here! There’re too many places to hide!”
They stepped out onto the road and broke into a flat out sprint. Across the road was a small field of long red grass. Beyond that green grass went on to the horizon.
“If we get to that grass we can take them on. They can’t all be that good!” Joyah called.
“What about their archers?” Jeff asked.
Oops, Joyah thought. Didn’t think of that.
“Are they following?” Joyah asked as they entered the red grass. He glanced back.
 “Uh, no. I don’t see… Joyah get down!”
She dropped flat to the ground, getting a mouth full of dirt as a reward. She spat it out and looked up in time to see black arrows flying over her head.
“We’ve got to get out of range!” she yelled. They stood and sprinted away from the trees, bending down to keep the archers from getting a good shot at them.  Jeff glanced back again.
“Someone’s coming out. Wait, it’s Gilla!” He stopped sudden enough to spray Joyah with dirt and started running back.
“Jeff, stop!” Joyah yelled. He didn’t listen and ran out of the tall grass towards Gilla, who was limping badly. An arrow came out of nowhere and struck him in the shoulder. “Jeff!” Joyah yelled. She ran back towards them. Gilla pulled Jeff to his feet and then staggered. As Joyah neared them she could see that the girl was definitely worse for the wear. She was covered in cuts and bruises. She had her bow in her hand, but the string was cut. Joyah grabbed them both and pulled them back towards the grass. “Come on, get out of range!”
Arrows fell around them. Some of them came too close for her liking. She glanced back at the trees.
“No one’s following us,” she said. “I think we’re going to make it.”
“They’re circling around,” Jeff said.
“What?!” Joyah exclaimed.
“It’s a common strategy. They’re corralling us to a certain spot while their friends surround us,” Jeff said. “Why do you think they didn’t shoot Gilla while she was running?”
“But they shot you,” Gilla pointed out.
“I was going the wrong way,” he answered.
Joyah stopped, making her friends almost run into her. They crouched down in the grass.
“We’ve got to get out of here,” she said. “This is a death trap.”
“But how?” Gilla asked. “If we try to break through one of their lines they’ll just shoot us.”
Joyah bit her lip and looked over her shoulder at them.
“Any ideas?”
Jeff and Gilla looked at each other.
“Get ready to fight?” Gilla suggested.
Joyah looked back out across the dry, red grass. She didn’t like the idea of fighting them out here. There were still too many places for them to hide even now that they were out of the trees, and they had lost their one range attack when Gilla’s bowstring broke. The Assassins still had their archers for when any of them showed their heads. Joyah shifted her feet in the thick mud to keep them from sinking in.
Wait, mud?
She touched the nearest piece of grass. It looked more like a thin tube made of red grass-like material than grass itself, but it was dry. How could there be dry grass when it had rained enough to create mud wet enough for people’s feet to sink in?
“Gilla, what grass is this?”
“It’s not grass,” Gilla said. “It’s Dragon Weed. It’s highly resistant to water. People often make rain gear out of it for that reason, only it’s highly flammable.” Joyah had an idea.
“Quick, help me pull these out. We need to make a large circle.”
“Why?” Gilla asked as Joyah started yanking out the weeds.
“You said this stuff is highly flammable,” Joyah said. “And right now we’re all standing in a whole field of it.”
“Oh,” Jeff said. “I get it.” He joined Joyah in her work.
“Well I don’t!” Gilla exclaimed. “Would someone please explain it to me?!”
“Whatever, we’re done anyway,” Joyah said. “This circle is big enough. Get in the middle and stay down.” Jeff grabbed Gilla and pulled her to the middle. Joyah opened her backpack and pulled out some flint. “Let’s hope this works,” she muttered as she crouched next to the edge. Then she struck a spark.
Immediately the weed burst into flame. Joyah shrieked as it scorched the side of her face and lit her hair on fire. She threw herself down into the wet mud as the fire around them spread. She huddled down and covered her ears against the screams of the Assassins. That was a sound she did not want to hear.
It felt like forever. The smoke scorched their throats and the heat beat down on them, but eventually the fire burned itself out. Joyah tentatively raised her head. The field was gone. It had been replaced with a barren field of ash. She could barely make out the huddled forms of the Assassins forming a perfect circle around them.
Joyah and her friends staggered to their feet. They stumbled away towards the woods, coughing as they went. As they passed the ring of dark figures one of then rose to their knees. So they weren’t dead. That was fine by Joyah; she had slowed the group down enough to give them a head start. She kicked the guy in the head and kept walking.

The shadowy figure could not believe it. She had fallen. She was one of their best leaders, only called upon only when the situation was necessary, and those children had beaten her. They’d set her group on fire. The shadow watched some of the dark shapes stagger up from the burnt field. He counted way less than half their number who had survived. Doubtfully most of them would be useless from then on. He leaped silently down from the tree and disappeared through the darkness of the trees. Just then another shadowy figure staggered to her feet in front of him. He paused. It was she. So she hadn’t gotten caught in the fire. That girl must have wounded her before they went into the Dragon Weed. It had been a temporary victory for the children, but it was better for the Assassins. They needed someone like her, and the group leader could now be healed before they came after them again.
The shadow slipped past her as she staggered towards the Dragon Weed field. She and the few survivors could take care of themselves. The shadow had a duty to fulfill. The children had gotten away. His superior would need to know that they needed a new group.


Chapter 9
The Secret Trails


Joyah looked at her reflection in the small stream. She had a light burn arching from her left ear, across part of her check, to the side of her neck. She also had a burn on the back of her left hand. She was lucky she was right handed.
After they had left the field they had hiked for most of the night before finally collapsing near a small clear stream. When they awoke it was early morning. They had washed the mud off and started to clean and treat their injuries.
Joyah glanced at her friends. Jeff had only taken light hits from his fight with the Assassins last night. His arrow wound wasn’t as bad as it could have been. Gilla had a large assortment of cuts and bruises. Only one of them looked bad. She had a large gash on her thigh, but she insisted it wasn’t terrible. She was currently replacing her bowstring. Gilla had explained that one of the Assassins had caught her in the woods. She’d gotten away, but he’d given her most of her cuts and broken her bowstring. Joyah grimaced. She should never have sent her out alone. Gilla could have been killed, and Joyah guessed that the cut on her leg was worse than she said.
Joyah looked back at her reflection. She had lost her hat when her hair caught on fire. Remembering the moment, Joyah looked at her curls and groaned. Jeff, who was sitting a little farther upstream, and Gilla, who was sitting behind them on the dry land, looked at her.
“What?” Gilla asked.
“My hair!” Joyah groaned. She held it up so they could see. “Look at it! It’s all burned and uneven!”
Gilla and Jeff looked at each other.
“So?” Gilla said. “It’s just missing a bit.”
“Exactly!”
Gilla rolled her eyes.
“You’re such a girly girl.”
Joyah looked back at her reflection and sighed.
Jeff winced when he put a bandage on. Joyah glanced at him guiltily. Gilla had been right, her plan had sucked. I should have come up with something better, she thought as she looked back at the stream. Actually, I should have known the guild was coming and made them listen to me. She glanced at Jeff again. I could have helped my friends and saved some of those people from the caravan.
She rummaged through her bag until she found a small jar. Joyah unscrewed the top. Inside was a light green paste. It was a cream for burns that Aunty had packed. Joyah touched her chain as she remembered her, thinking of the ring that used to hang on that chain that was now on Lily’s finger somewhere in the Gorem forest. She took some of the cream out and spread it over the burns on her face and hand.
Gilla slammed her bow down, making Jeff and Joyah jump.
“Would you two stop that?!”
“Stop what?” Jeff asked.
“You two keep giving each other guilty looks!” she exclaimed. “You’ve been doing it all morning!” Joyah and Jeff looked at each other in surprise. “Look,” Gilla pointed at Jeff. “It wasn’t your fault that we didn’t listen to Joyah. We didn’t know this was going to happen. And it’s not your fault Joyah got burned, we didn’t know the flames were going to jump like that. Even if we did she wouldn’t have let you light the fire instead because she’s all noble and stuff. And you,” she pointed at Joyah. “It wasn’t your fault that we didn’t leave when we should have, and sending me off alone was the right thing to do even if I got hurt. It was the only reason we survived at all. Do you know how many times I kept them from surrounding you guys? So enough with the pity parties!”
Joyah and Jeff exchanged sheepish looks. They sat there awkwardly as Jeff and Joyah tried to decide what to say and Gilla waited for them to get over it.
Joyah broke the silence.
“Gilla’s right, none of this was your fault.”
“I sense a ‘but’ somewhere in there,” Jeff said. Joyah gave a small smile.
“Not really a ‘but,’ more like a ‘next time.’” She looked at them very seriously. “I don’t always make the correct decisions, and you both know more about the world than I do. Next time I get one of those feelings, though, I want you to listen to me. This is my Journey, and you two decided to follow me, so I’m going to call the shots when something has to do with it.”
Jeff nodded. Joyah’s shoulder’s eased a little bit. She had been worried they wouldn’t understand and think she was being bossy, but she could tell by his face that he understood completely.
Gilla stood up and sat by the stream.
“Whatever.”
Right, there was that.
“I’m not trying to take total control,” Joyah told her as the girl filled a water bag.
“I know,” Gilla said lightly. She obviously wasn’t angry, but she didn’t seem to be taking any of this seriously either.
Joyah and Jeff exchanged looks.
“You do know how important it is that we keep the jewel safe, right?” Joyah asked. Gilla nodded absently.
“Yeah.” She said it like she didn’t. Joyah looked at Jeff, who shrugged. Whatever; as long as Gilla didn’t jeopardize their quest, she could remain a wild card.
After they had gotten clean and refilled their water bags Jeff suggested that they go downstream.
“Towns, villages, and cities are often built on rivers and streams,” he explained. “This little stream is most likely a tributary for a larger river. If we follow it then it could lead us to Laar, which is where the Gorem and Lin rivers meet.”
“How do you know so much about geography?” Gilla asked.
“I actually pay attention during classes,” Jeff said wryly.
“My village is near a stream,” Joyah said. “Is it a tributary too?”
“Most likely,” Jeff said. “It’s just north of Guem, right? The streams of that area usually come from the eastern mountains and filter into the Lin River.”
Joyah grinned. She had just learned her first piece of geography.
They must have gone up in elevation while fleeing the burnt meadow the night before because the stream led a slightly tricky way down a hill. There were plenty of loose rocks to slide on along the way. After Jeff nearly fell into the girls for the fourth time Gilla threw her hands into the air and announced that she was officially finding them a path along the river that didn’t require them to go exactly next to the stream bed and wouldn’t nearly kill the “less adept members of their party.” Jeff mumbled something about getting along fine, but no one was listening.
Gilla’s new trail turned out to work just fine. She claimed it was the trail a deer would use while trying to get up the incline. It stayed in sight of the river and had much better footing than the rocky bank. Joyah began to think, not for the first time, that maybe bringing Gilla along wasn’t a bad idea after all. She had saved their lives, and now her forestry experience was coming in handy.
The ground had almost flattened out when Gilla stopped.
“What?” Joyah asked.
“There’s another trail,” Gilla said. “But, it’s really faint.”
To Joyah everything looked just the same as it had not too long before.
“So it’s old?” Joyah asked, a little exasperated.
“No, more like it was hidden,” Gilla said as she knelt to one side of their deer path. She pulled some branches aside. “And whoever did it did a really good job of it. I barely noticed it at all.”
“Why would anyone want to hide a trail in the middle of nowhere?” Joyah asked.
Gilla shrugged.
“Smugglers,” Jeff said. “Or a criminal organization. They need a way to move through the area without being seen. No one would know the paths are there unless you’re a really experienced forester who’s deliberately looking for trails. Even then finding them would be luck, there’s a lot of forest.”
Gilla stopped rummaging through the underbrush and looked back up at them.
“This trail is hidden each step of the way. Following it would be really difficult.”
“I know only one group that would be organized, determined, and capable enough to do something like this,” Joyah said grimly. Her friends nodded. It seemed like they had just found one of the ways those Assassins could get from one town to another.
“We can’t just leave this here,” Joyah said. “They’ll catch us quicker with these paths out here.”
“What are we supposed to do?” Gilla said sarcastically. “Burn the paths like we did the meadow?”
“We could make them think they’re not safe to use anymore,” Joyah said, ignoring her. Jeff raised an eyebrow.
“Jump them?”
“Why not?” Joyah said. “I know I’m not walking down any alleys ever again without constantly looking over my shoulder. If they’re doing the same things on their little secret paths then they can’t move as fast.”
“How do we do it?” Gilla asked. “If we get too close they’ll see us coming and overrun us.”
“If Gilla waits near the path for a group to pass by then she’ll be able to observe them without being seen,” Jeff said.
“So we’ll just sit here and hope that a group will come by before the month is up?” Gilla said sarcastically.
“No,” Joyah said. “We’re being followed, remember? I’ll bet they’ll move in small groups to avoid being seen, so we’ll be able to pick them off when they come by.” Gilla frowned.
“That’s wishy-washy.”
“You got any better ideas?” Joyah snapped. Gilla shook her head. “So stop arguing,” Joyah said. “You can wait down on the trail. When they draw even with you take out their guards. Jeff and I’ll take out the rest.”
Jeff and Gilla looked at each other. Gilla said, “That stinks,” the same time Jeff said, “That’s not exactly what I had in mind.” Joyah put her hands on her hips.
“Is arguing all you’re going to do?”
“I think I could take out a few more people than a few guards,” Gilla said.
“We won’t know how many people we’re dealing with or their formation or anything,” Jeff said.
“Whenever we’ve come up against any one of these people we’ve won,” Joyah said.
“This might go a little smoother if I’m allowed to do a little more,” Gilla said.
“Except for in the forest last night,” Jeff pointed out.
“I’m feeling rather underused,” Gilla whined.
“It was night and we were unprepared,” Joyah said to Jeff. “This time we’ll have the advantage of surprise.” He still didn’t look happy with the plan, but he didn’t argue.
Gilla looked at Jeff and spoke in what Joyah recognized as the Ancient language.
“Do we really have to do this? It might be better if we make our own plan.” The way they talked was strange. It was so different from how Joyah had learned she had to concentrate to understand them. Joyah cut in also using the Ancient language.
“No, I’ve already told you to always follow a plan.”
Jeff and Gilla looked absolutely shocked.
“Where in the world did you learn to speak that language?” Gilla exclaimed. Joyah didn’t see what the big deal was.
“My Aunty taught me. So what?”
“It’s only used in the hierarchy. They speak it in the high courts,” Jeff said. “It was unusual for someone of my status to learn it. Commoners never do.”
A branch broke off on the hidden trail to their left. They looked at each other. Someone was coming. Gilla disappeared into the underbrush. Joyah and Jeff stepped off either side of the trail. A voice muttered something about stupid, carless novices not being able to move silently. Joyah glanced at Jeff. Any moment now Gilla would loose an arrow. They watched the woods for any sign of movement. An arrow streaked through the dense underbrush and hit something solid, which collapsed to the ground. Immediately Joyah and Jeff sprung up and rushed the spot where the arrow had hit.
Joyah found herself face-to-face with one of the Assassins. She stopped dead in surprise. What the heck? This one was way far ahead of where the arrow had hit. The Assassin had been turning around to go towards where Gilla was hiding, but he whipped back around when Joyah almost ran into him. Her surprise gave him time to recover. He stabbed at her stomach with a nasty looking knife. His confusion had given her time to recover as well, though, and she caught his stab on the hilt of her sword. She twisted it, pulling it out of his grasp. He stepped in while their weapons were locked and stabbed up towards under her rib cage, a fatal shot.
She clamped her elbow down on his hand, pressing the flat of the blade up against her and keeping it from cutting into her. She stepped in towards him and turned, twisting his arm behind him. She heard something pop. Their weapons had unlocked while she had turned, and she hit him from behind. Something clashed behind her back. Joyah turned to find Jeff intercepting someone who had attempted to backstab her. Gilla shot another arrow farther down the trail. Why was she shooting down there when the scouts were up here?
Jeff had his fight under control, so she dodged past him and ran farther into the woods. Around five more guildsmen were spread out in a semi-circle, ready for her. That couldn’t be good. Off to the right three guildsmen were advancing on Gilla. They were getting close enough that her bow wasn’t the most useful weapon. Joyah averted her course to go to her aid, but two of the Assassins stepped to intercept her.
Joyah dropped low under the first lunge and thrust at her attackers’ exposed stomach. The other Assassin, a knife fighter, ducked in and deflected her strike. The swordsman attacked again, followed by the knife fighter a beat later. Joyah deflected the sword high and barely brought her katana down again in time to brush away the dagger.
This was annoying. She had seen Jeff and Mal fight like this in the library back in Guem, but the tactic had never been used on her before. The swordsman would stand in the front and take the bulk of the attack. If the opponent was able to get by the swordsman’s defenses the knife fighter would step in and deflect the blade. When they attacked the swordsman would go first, followed a beat later by the knife fighter while the opponent was still countering the first attack. When done right the team did a graceful weave around each other. When done wrong they got in each other’s way and got killed.
Joyah thrust at the swordsman. Their hilts locked together. The knife fighter stabbed at her unprotected side. She’d been expecting this. Joyah spun away from the dagger, putting the swordsman between her and the knife fighter. She continued to turn until they were side by side but facing the opposite directions. She hit him in the back with her elbow, throwing him off balance and ruining his stance. She leaned sideways and kicked the knife fighter in the shoulder. The knife fighter had already been reeling from having her teammate stumble into her. Her dagger hit the ground, leaving her armed with only her smaller knife.
Joyah stepped in to finish them off when a stabbing pain shot through the small of her back. She spun away before the dagger could pierce any deeper. She turned to face the Assassin who had stabbed her. Immediately her instincts screamed at her and she dropped into a crouch just in time to avoid an arrow shot by another Assassin from behind. She looked over her shoulder to see another semi-circle of assassins had snuck up from behind her, completing the circle. She had been surrounded before, but she hadn’t been armed in the alley. Then again there were more of them here. She didn’t have Jeff to come help her (he was busy dealing with four more guildsmen on the deer path). These people were definitely more skilled than the ones in the alley. Where had they come from? Gilla had taken out the scouts. Unless…
“You didn’t go for their leaders instead of the scouts, did you?” Joyah called to Gilla as she rolled sideways to avoid a sword.
“Uh…” Gilla squeaked as she did the same.
“What the abyss happened to sticking with the plan!?” Joyah shrieked. She deflected weapons, twisted, and jumped as much as she could to keep from being hit. It was only a matter of time…
WACK! Stars burst in front of Joyah’s eyes. Her head exploded with pain. Whatever they had hit her with was very hard and the person was very strong.  Her cheek hit the soft loam of the forest floor. She desperately started to push herself back up, shaking her head to clear it. A foot swung into her vision and her head exploded with pain again. She fell back to the ground. Now she was looking up at the sky. Or what she assumed was the sky. The last blow had blurred her vision. A dark head loomed over her. It looked up and nodded. It grabbed her hands and tied them together with rough rope. Then it disappeared.
She must have blacked out for a moment, because she didn’t know how long it was before two heavy things hit the ground, one on either side of her. Joyah wondered dazedly what they were. There were hushed voices and the sound of soft feet. Something was bumping her side. It was making her head throb more, but she couldn’t bring herself to move. The thing bumping her side poked her rib cage hard and pressed. Joyah blinked her eyes and tried to squirm away. Her vision was slowly clearing. There was something she needed to do. Something really important. She tried to clear her head and looked around.
Jeff and Gilla were both tide and gagged next to her. Jeff looked pissed but not badly hurt. Gilla’s leg wound had opened up again and was bleeding onto the ground. Jeff was driving her elbow into Joyah’s side in an effort to wake her up. The Assassins were standing around them. One of them was holding a blunt mace. So that’s what had hit her. Another one of them was going through their bags. This jerked her back into focus. The jewel! They couldn’t find the jewel! It was in her pocket, or at least she thought it was. If they had found it while she was out she wouldn’t have woken up at all. Jeff increased the pressure of his elbow on her side. She glared at him. He opened his hands just a touch. Red glinted between his fingers. She started to nod but stopped quickly when her head throbbed.
The guildsman stopped rummaging through their bags. He looked up at one of the others and shook his head. His superior strode over to their three captives. Seeing Joyah awake, and since she was the only one not gagged, the woman dropped to one knee and leaned over her.
“Where is the Jewel?” Her voice was quiet and had a rasp to it that couldn’t possibly be real. Joyah looked her straight in the eyes, or where she thought her eyes might be, and said nothing. The woman whipped out a dagger and held it at her throat. “Where is it?” Joyah swallowed.
“In my pocket.”
The woman shook her head slowly. “I already searched your pockets and found nothing in them. Your two friends don’t have any pockets.” Actually, Joyah was almost sure Gilla had a bunch of hidden ones, but she didn’t bring it up. The woman was still speaking. “The jewel was not in any of them. Where is it?”
Joyah put on what she hoped was an expression that gave the impression she was panicked at not having it in her pocket but trying to suppress it.
“I-I don’t know.” The woman pressed the knife slightly against Joyah’s throat. She hissed some air in through her teeth. “Please, that’s all I know! It was in my pocket when I blacked out!”
“You lie.”
“No, it really was!”
“Yes, it was, but you know more than what you say,” the woman said. “You have gained skill at lying, but I have been trained to see the lie through your eyes. Tell me where it is. I was also well trained in torture.”
So much for lying. Joyah dropped the act.
“Go fall off a mountain.”
The woman moved her knife from Joyah’s throat and slashed it across her cheek. There must have been something on the knife because the cut it made burned worse than fire. She screamed in shock before clamping her jaws firmly together to cut it off short. She gritted her teeth against the pain and opened her eyes.
The woman was diving for something on the ground. Joyah craned her neck to see what it was. Her hopes died. The guildswoman must have knocked into Jeff’s hands when she cut Joyah because the jewel was lying in the dirt. They had failed. The jewel had fallen into the hands of the Assassins. The woman stood triumphantly. She nodded towards one of the guildsmen. The rest of the Assassins started down the trail. The remaining Assassin drew a dagger as he bent over the three teens.
Joyah snapped her leg out. Her kick landed on his knee. Something snapped.  She jumped up to her knees, but the world wavered. Her head throbbed and her stomach protested. Luckily Jeff had taken the opportunity Joyah had provided and grabbed the Assassin’s knife. He kicked the Assassin in the head and cut Gilla’s ropes. She did the same for him and Joyah.
“Get our weapons,” Joyah croaked.
The other Assassins hadn’t noticed yet. Jeff snuck up behind the Assassin that carried their weapons and hit her in the back of the head with the dagger. He grabbed their swords and one of Gilla’s bows and ran. The woman pointed at him. At once the Assassins ran for him.
“Jeff, duck!” Joyah shouted. He ducked just in time to avoid a dagger one of the knife fighters had thrown. Gilla pulled Joyah to her feet. Jeff shoved their weapons at them.
“Go!” he shouted.
Joyah ran. She didn’t pay attention to where she was going or who was running with her. She was too busy trying to stay on her feet.
Finally Gilla grabbed her arm, panting.
“I think we lost them.” Gilla pressed hands over the gash on her thigh. Joyah looked around.
“Where’s Jeff?”
“He ran a different way,” Gilla said. “But we outran them and we’re both injured, so he should be okay.” Joyah leaned up against a tree and closed her eyes. Her head hurt.
“So, I guess we can go home now,” Gilla said. Joyah’s eyes snapped open.
 “What?”
“Well, the jewel’s gone, so we’re done,” she said. “We can go home.”
That was it. Joyah walked over to Gilla and shoved her. The smaller girl went sprawling.
“You selfish little girl! Do you even care about any of this?! Now the world’s going to fall under the rule of the Assassin’s Guild and it’s because you couldn’t follow orders! This isn’t a game, Gilla! You’ve got to grow up and realize that!”
“I know this isn’t a game! I’ve known that all along!” Gilla snapped, glaring up at her. “You’re plan wasn’t going to work! But no one listens to me because I like to keep a lighter view on things, so I had to wing it!”
“We’re in this together, Gilla,” Joyah said. “Either we float together or we sink together. You’ve got to stick to the plan, because if we go down separated then we’ve got no chance of getting back to the surface. If we had gone with the plan we would have gotten our butts kicked and run away. You would have kept them from surrounding us and the scouts wouldn’t have gotten to you. But now the jewel is stolen because you decided to “wing it,” and we have to make up for your mistake. You’re either with us or against us, Gilla. Decide which side you’re on before you start following us again.” Joyah turned and walked away.
She ran into Jeff near the deer path.
“I thought I might find you here,” he said. He looked around. “Where’s Gilla?”
“She’s not coming,” Joyah said bitterly. He bit his lip and, after a moment, nodded. “How far away have they gotten?” she asked.
“Not far,” he said. “About half of them are out looking for us and the rest are heading back the way they came.”
“We can catch up with them,” she said.
“Uh, Joyah, we couldn’t beat them before and we had Gilla then,” Jeff pointed out. “Plus you probably have a concussion. And they’ll be expecting it.”
“I know,” Joyah said. “But I have to try. Don’t come with me. It’s a death trap.” He looked hurt.
“Joyah, why in the world would you think that I wouldn’t go with you? I don’t care if it’s a death trap, we need to stop them.” I promised your mother I’d keep you alive, Joyah thought. But his mind was set.
“Alright, let’s go.”
The Assassins were ready for them. Joyah found them first by dodging a mace that was swinging at her head.
“Watch out for the one with the mace!”
Joyah rolled past him. She came up to her feet and went to stab him in the back.
“Watch out!” Jeff leaped behind her and deflected a knife someone had thrown.
“Back to back!” she said.
“Can you see the rest of them?” Jeff asked as they stood with their backs to each other.
“No,” she answered. “You’d have to be a really good forester to see them before they attack. This feels like fighting in the dark. Duck!” They both ducked as the mace guy swung again. She did not want to have that thing hit her again.
Joyah lunged forward and inserted her sword through one of the links in the chain of the mace. It wasn’t one of her best ideas ever. He yanked the mace back and pulled the katana from her hand. It came free and fell into the underbrush.
“Uh-oh.”
The mace guy got ready to swing again.
“Um, rolling,” she said.
“Got it,” Jeff answered. He was fighting a knife fighter. He pivoted to put his back to a tree as Joyah dove forward into a roll. The mace missed her by inches. She came up to a crouch behind him and dove forward again. This time she ended next to her sword. She grabbed the handle.
A foot came down on the blade of her katana. She looked up to find the woman who was leading the group. Joyah couldn’t see the woman’s face due to her hood, but she was sure she was smiling.
“You make this too easy,” she breathed.
Joyah rolled backwards to get away from the dagger the woman slashed at her. She pushed off the ground and rolled again as the woman continued to attack. Joyah ended in a crouch and swept her leg out in a sweep kick. The woman saw it coming and jumped it. What she didn’t see coming was a punch Joyah landed on her jaw on the way down. She staggered backwards. Joyah followed her and hit her in the stomach and the jaw again as she doubled over.
Someone hit her on the back of the head. Joyah shrieked and fell to her knees. Her vision went blurry from pain again. She turned to see another Assassin standing behind her. It wasn’t the mace guy, which was lucky. Otherwise she’d be dead. His hand had blood on it. The back of her head was bleeding? That couldn’t be good. The woman straightened and kicked Joyah in the stomach. She figured that was mostly from malice.
An arrow sliced through the air and quivered in the woman’s neck. She had just enough time for her expression to turn to one of surprise before she fell like a tree. Another arrow had struck the man who had hit Joyah before the woman had fallen.
Joyah turned back around and looked down the hidden path. Jeff was on the ground trying to force a knife another Assassin was holding away from his throat. Two arrows cut through the air. One hit the Assassin’s knife hand, knocking the weapon away from Jeff, and the other hit the Assassin in the throat, killing her instantly. The Assassin fell onto Jeff, pinning him down and effectively keeping him out of the way of future arrows. Those future arrows had already been fired before Joyah had registered the death of the knife fighter. Two Assassins fell from a tree to land in shadowy heaps on the ground. An arrow flew at Joyah, who was still registering the two tree-climbing Assassins and couldn’t react. She didn’t have to. The arrow flew close enough to her head to give her a new part. It intercepted a dagger that had been thrown at her from behind and kept going to hit the owner of that dagger.
Joyah was still realizing that her life had just been saved when the mace guy fell through the underbrush, almost landing on top of her. She struck out before realizing that he had an arrow sticking through his eye. While her hand was still flying two Assassins toppled from the woods. One of them had an arrow sticking in his chests. The last one was being pushed to the ground by the weight of her companion. Her shock ended with another arrow. Nine down, six to go.
The first of the six rolled away from one of the deadly arrows and shot up at a large oak to one side of the path with his crossbow. For the first time since the rain of deadly arrows had started Joyah saw Gilla. She ducked to one side, barely avoiding the bolt and not falling out of the tree. She had an arrow to her string already and returned fire with deadly accuracy. Five to go. One of the five had snuck up to the base of the tree with another crossbow. Gilla dove sideways out of the tree. She hit the ground in a roll and snapped off a shot. It hit him squarely in the chest, knocking him backwards. Her roll had put her in front of one of the remaining four. Two more were crouched behind her, hidden in the underbrush. Her attention was focused on the one in front of her.
“Gilla, behind you!” Joyah shouted.
The girl’s head whipped over her shoulder, spotting the two sneaking up on her from behind. She spun and snapped off a shot at one of the two, hitting her in the chest. Her momentum took her into another roll, keeping her from being flanked. They closed in on her. That was not good. Archers do not do well in close quarters.
Gilla came to one knee and shot at the one farther off the path. He managed to turn to one side, so instead of a kill shot it hit him in the shoulder. The woman cut down at her with a dagger. Gilla brought her bow up and caught the dagger on the wood. She dropped back to the heel of one foot and a hand to kick out with the other one, forcing the woman away from her. Her kick put her off balance, so when the man came in with a sword all she could do was collapse her arm to avoid the first swing. It barely missed her nose. The woman closed in again. Gilla kicked up at her, temporarily keeping her at bay. The woman grabbed her foot and stabbed down at her exposed stomach.
Joyah’s sword stuck through the woman’s neck. The woman opened her mouth in surprise. Blood trickled down over her chin and sprayed in Gilla’s face. Joyah pulled her sword out. The woman fell to the ground. Joyah turned and ducked under the man’s first lunge. She thrust at his abdomen. He jumped backwards. The tip of her blade grazed his stomach. She slashed up at his chin. He barely deflected it high. She brought her sword down to cut the top of his head in half. He caught her sword on his hilt an inch from his head. She slid her sword free and plunged her sword again at his stomach. This time he caught her sword on his hilt too late. Her blade penetrated three inches into his abdomen. She pulled it free and spun to hit him in the back of his head with her elbow.
Her head betrayed her. Everything spun. (Which would have been normal except the world didn’t stop spinning when she did.) Her stomach tried to force its way up through her throat. She doubled over in surprise. Seeing her suddenly off balance the man brought his sword down towards her back.
Jeff’s sword stuck out through the man’s throat. His mouth opened in surprise, spitting blood into Joyah’s face. Jeff pulled his sword free, letting the man fall to the ground.
“You okay?” he asked. Joyah nodded. She didn’t open her mouth, not trusting her stomach yet. Jeff turned and helped Gilla to her feet. “THAT WAS SO COOL! Why didn’t you do that in the first place?!”
“I thought if I took out their leaders I could end it quickly. And…” Gilla looked slightly embarrassed. “I didn’t know if I could take them all.”
Gilla’s attention suddenly went to farther down the hidden trail. She nocked and arrow and pulled it to full draw.
“The last one’s leaving. Should I take him out?”
“No,” Joyah said, straightening. “Let them know we’re watching the trails. We can take them.” They waited for a little while. Finally Gilla relaxed her bow.
“He’s gone.”
“Good,” Joyah said. The two girls’ eyes met. Gilla gripped her bow and stood a little straighter, fire in her eyes. They gave each other a little nod. Then they both toppled sideways.


Chapter 10
Mogami


Someone was speaking.
“… sure they’ll be okay?”
Mal’s voice was exasperated. “Yes, Jeff. They’ll both be fine. Though I might be able to patch Joyah’s head a little more if I cut her hair.”
“Don’t touch my hair,” Joyah said automatically.
Joyah opened her eyes.
“Move over, Jeff. Stop leaning over me.”
Looking a little abashed he sat straight again.
Before Joyah could sit up Mal put his hands on her shoulders.
“Not this time. I put my foot down on sitting up fast after gaining a concussion. And not a small one at that.”
“What are you doing here?” Joyah asked.
“I was going to Laar to find you three,” Mal said. Joyah could almost hear the “duh” in his voice. “I was using the hidden paths to make up for the time I lost back in Guem. Lucky I did, too. I’m no healer, but I know a good amount of field medicine.”
“How’s Gilla?” Joyah asked. She craned her neck to look for the other girl.
Gilla was propped up against the trunk of a tree looking extremely tired. She gave Joyah a thumbs up.
“Blood loss. Fun.”
Mal snorted. “You were a fool to have ignored your wound. You knew how bad it was.”
“No,” Gilla said. “I knew it was bad, but not bleed-till-you-pass-out bad. I didn’t want to slow anything down. The sooner we get to Laar the greater a lead we can get on those Assassin wáng be.”
“Which is why you should let me sit up,” Joyah said. Mal pushed her back down again.
“If you two keep going on the way you do you’re going to get yourself killed before you even reach Laar!”
“Dammit Mal, I’m fine!” Joyah snapped.
“Why do you call Archie ‘Mal’?” Gilla asked.
“You’re covered in blood,” Mal said to Joyah.
“It’s not mine!” she said.
“We can’t stay on the path,” Jeff said. “They could be coming down it any moment.”
“What does this do?” Gilla asked slyly, taking a small bottle out of Mal’s bag. Mal turned to take it back. Joyah took the opportunity Gilla had made to push herself up. She clamped her hand over her mouth when her stomach protested.
“Joyah…” Jeff pleaded. Mal turned away from Gilla to scold her. Gilla in turned used the tree to lever herself to her feet. “Gilla…” Jeff said, sounding a little frustrated. Joyah and Gilla hooked arms and leaned on each other.
“Since when were you two comrades in mischief?” Mal asked. “Only a few days ago you couldn’t stop bickering.”
“We weren’t that bad,” Gilla said.
“Look, we kicked butt even with a concussion and blood loss,” Joyah said. “If we can do that we can get to Laar, and you two aren’t going to stop us.” Gilla and Joyah crossed their arms over their chests and put on identical expressions of stubbornness. Jeff and Mal looked at each other.
“We might as well make sure they don’t die on the way,” Jeff said. Mal sighed.
“Alright, let’s go.”
The journey sucked. Both Joyah and Gilla trudged along through pain and weakness, but after the talk they had given the guys there was no way either of them were going to say anything. Gilla sighed in relief when the walls of Laar finally came into view.
Laar made Guem look small. Ish. Not necessarily tiny, but it definitely upped Joyah’s standards of “big” once again. The walls were nearly twice as tall as the ones in Guem. Giant wooden and iron gates stood open to allow travelers in and out. Soldiers paced along the top of the walls like a bunch of really big ants.
“It’s weird not knowing who’s up there,” Jeff said.
“Can’t look up and see good old Bob up there, huh?” Gilla said.
“There’s no one on the police force called ‘Bob’ in Guem,” Jeff said.
“You must be feeling better,” Mal said to Gilla. “You’re being sarcastic again.”
“I’m always sarcastic,” Gilla said. “Especially when I don’t feel well.”
There was a small flow of travelers entering through the gates of Laar. Jeff and Mal stood on either side of the two girls, trying to keep people from bumping into them without letting them know what they were doing so they couldn’t make them stop. Joyah noticed but didn’t care. Her head hurt too much. She could sew up her pride later.
There was plenty to keep her mind off her head beyond the walls. The smallest buildings were the same size as the medium buildings in Guem. She could see the largest buildings far off in the distance. She couldn’t tell their exact size from the gates, but she could tell they’d dwarf everything she’d seen so far except for the walls of Laar, the mountains, and the trees.
“Does every city have such big walls?” she managed to ask.
“No,” Jeff said. “This one is especially big since it’s the capital of the Gorem Region.”
“If everything big in the Gorem Region is named Gorem Something then how come this place isn’t?” she asked.
“Ooh, I know this one!” Gilla said, sounding happy through the pain. “The capital was once this fortress near the eastern mountains, but it was moved here once Laar outgrew it.”
Mal stepped off to one side of the road, away from the crowd and the noisy vendors trying to sell them food. The three teens joined him there. He looked around at the roads and buildings, stroking his goatee.
“Now, which way, which way…”
Jeff’s jaw dropped.
“You don’t know the way to the library?! I thought you said this woman was your friend!”
“She is my friend,” Mal said, scowling. “We grew up together. It’s just I haven’t seen her since… since I joined the guild, and she became librarian in Laar’s library since then.”
Jeff sighed and looked at the city around them.
“It’s the typical layout for most cities, right?”
“I would assume so,” Mal said.
“Then the library will be down that way near the center of the city,” Jeff said, pointing farther down the street. He started down the main road, weaving through the crowd like he had lived there his whole life. Joyah and her two other friends followed in his wake. Eventually she stopped concentrating on the road and started looking around. The buildings grew more and more extravagant as they went. It was interesting to find that as they went the buildings were made more of stone with slate roofing and less with bamboo thatched roofs and stucco walls. Then when they got into the real hierarchy the buildings had the original style again, only they were made to look much finer.
Finally Jeff stopped and looked around. He pointed to a gigantic building off to their left.
“That should be it.”
As they neared the great library Joyah had to keep craning her neck up and up and up to see it fully. The red bamboo roof stood high above the street. It had many triangles and corners that made it look less formal and more exotic than the buildings around it. Dragon gargoyles dotted the many peaks. Joyah did a quick check to make sure none of them were in shadow. She didn’t want the Assassins pretending to be gargoyles again. The walls were all white but finer than the white stucco walls of the smaller buildings near the gates. Some windows in the upper floors had little roofs of their own. This seemed a little like overkill to her. The double doors were made of fogged glass outlined in gold. Large marble steps led the way to the doors. The steps were guarded by two great lions.
“I could get lost in there forever in their books,” Joyah breathed.
“I wonder how many books they have,” Jeff speculated. Mal’s eyes filled with tears.
“So many gorgeous, wonderful, precious books.”
“I wonder how many they have on martial arts,” Joyah said.
Gilla put her arms over Jeff and Joyah’s shoulders and propelled them towards the doors.
“Yes, books you can lose yourself in forever, let’s get inside so we don’t die before you three get a chance to glimpse any of them.”
Inside was just as impressive as the outside. The floor was marble that was so polished Joyah could see her reflection. Bookshelves made of fine polished wood stood in neat rows and reached to the ceiling. Two grand staircases led up to another floor, one on either side. The carpeting on them looked like it used to be fine but now was slightly ragged from many feet. Back in Joyah’s village it would have cost a fortune. Maybe more. A large marble desk stood directly in front of the door. A woman sat in it doing calligraphy. She had white hair that fell in ringlets about her shoulders. She was definitely old, but she still had the movements and sharp gaze of a much younger woman. Kind of like Mal.
She looked up as Mal approached the desk. Her mouth opened a little, and she slammed her brush into an ink jar as she rose to her feet.
“Mallew Archibald?”
He laughed and took her hands.
“Maggie Faulet. Do you have time to help an old friend?”
She slapped him on the shoulder.
“An old friend? You old dog, the boy I thought of as my brother comes to me after all these years and asks for me to help an old friend?” She threw her arms around him. “You could have at least written!”
“You know I couldn’t,” he said.
“Well, if you ask me, leaving that group was the best thing you’ve done in decades,” she said as she let him go. “But I am being rude to your young friends,” she said. She turned to the three teens. “You three look like you’ve been to the doors of the abyss and back. What has Mallew been dragging you through?”
“It wasn’t him who did the dragging,” Gilla remarked, nudging Joyah in the ribs. Joyah ignored her.
“I am glad to meet you, Miss Faulet,” she said. “I am Joyah Pain, and this is Gilla Fletcher and Jeffery Raymond.”
“Do you have a room where we can stay and a way to contact a healer?” Mal asked her quietly. “We’ve all had a rough journey. Joyah had a concussion and Gilla had blood loss.”
Miss Faulet’s eyes filled with pity that made Joyah slightly annoyed.
“Of course. This way. Addri!” she called.
After a couple seconds a boy with black hair that fell slightly past his ears and almond shaped eyes stuck his head out from around a bookshelf. Joyah guessed he was a couple years older than she was.
“Yes, Miss Faulet?”
“Take over the desk for a moment.”
The boy nodded and walked over to the desk, looking pleased. Miss Faulet led the four companions towards the back of the library. As Joyah past Addri their eyes met. He smiled at her. She blushed and looked away.
 Gilla grinned.
“Did you see the way he looked at you?”
“No,” Joyah snapped. Gilla’s grin widened. Joyah blushed even more.
Miss Faulet led them to a room near the back of the library. It was like one of the rooms back in Guem that scholars used for studying, only bigger. Empty bookshelves lined the walls, most likely used to hold the books the scholars weren’t currently using. A fire burned in a small fireplace in one wall. Near the back of the room three cots stood against the far wall. Joyah did a double take until she realized that Miss Faulet had been expecting them. Mal had written her a letter back in Guem.
“You can rest here,” Miss Faulet said. “I will go get you some food and find a healer. I know one who’s very good and doesn’t ask questions. Tomorrow we can see if we can find what you’re looking for.”
“Thank you,” Mal said, taking her hand. She smiled at him. Gilla mimed gagging.
Miss Faulet went to leave the room, then paused.
“You weren’t… followed, were you?”
“We were,” Joyah told her. Miss Faulet looked worried. “But we gained a lead on them,” Joyah reassured her. “Hopefully we will have already left Laar when they catch up with us.”
She nodded and left. Mal went to follow her. At the last moment he turned around and pointed at Joyah and Gilla.
“We’re here, now lie down.” The door closed behind him.
Joyah was only too happy to oblige. She lay on her back on the center cot and closed her eyes, a quiet sigh escaping through her nose. Her peace lasted about two seconds.
“Hey Joyah.” Joyah scrunched up her nose.
“What is it, Gilla?”
“Why did your aunt teach you the Ancient language?”
“Why not?”
“Well it wouldn’t be much use to you out in the country.”
Joyah opened her eyes and turned her head to look at Gilla. That was a bad idea as it made the room spin and her stomach threaten to expel its contents again. Gilla was propped up on her elbows on one of the cots with her legs swinging in the air above her back like they were at a sleep over.
“Well I wasn’t going to stay in the country forever, was I? She knew I had to go on my Journey eventually.”
“I still don’t know what this “journey” thing is,” Gilla said.
Jeff sat on the cot on the other side of Joyah’s.
“How you speak it is weird, though,” he said.
Joyah propped herself up on one elbow to look at him.
“What do you mean?”
“The phrasing’s different,” he said. “And the words and grammar are barely recognizable.”
“Do you think it could be a different language?” Gilla asked. “One close enough that we can understand it.”
“But the only languages in the Middle Kingdom are common and the Ancient language,” Joyah said.
“Not necessarily,” Jeff said slowly. “Some history books mention an Olden Language, one spoken back before the times of our first Empress. That’s where the roots of the Ancient language come from. It’s supposed to be dead.”
“But where would Joyah’s aunt learn some dead language?” Gilla asked.
“And why would she teach it to me?” Joyah added. Jeff shrugged.
“Beats me. Anyway, we don’t know for sure. For all we know Joyah could just be saying things wrong.”
“Thanks, Jeff,” Joyah said.
“We should ask Archie,” Gilla said. “He knows everything.” Joyah highly doubted that, but it was worth a shot.
“So where’d you learn how to sing?” Joyah asked Gilla. The other girl gave her a blank look.
“Huh?”
“Back when we were camped with the caravan you joined in the singing,” she said. “It sounded like you were trained.”
“She is,” Jeff said. “One of the best sopranos in Guem. She’s won a couple of awards. It drives her cousin crazy.” Gilla scowled.
“It’s not a big deal. I don’t even want to do it.”
“Let me guess, your mom makes you,” Joyah said wryly. Gilla’s scowl deepened.
“I’m not that predictable.”
“Yes you are,” Joyah and Jeff said together. Gilla rolled over so she was facing away from them.
There was no clock in the room, but Joyah estimated it must have been an hour before Miss Faulet and Mal arrived with a healer. She was a severe looking woman who looked a little older than Aunty and much younger than Mal. Her nose looked like the beak of a bird of prey and her black hair was pulled into a tight bun at the base of her neck. Her gaze fell on the three teens and immediately began appraising them and their health. Her lips pressed together in distaste.
“I assume you’re the two I have to look at?” she said to the two girls. Her voice implied no nonsense. Joyah started to nod but stopped quickly. She really needed to remember that she had a concussion.
The healer walked briskly over to Joyah. She grabbed her by the chin so she could look at her face and held a match up so she could look in her eyes. The match’s brightness hurt, but Joyah held still. This wasn’t her first time with a concussion and it wouldn’t be the last.
“Hmm,” the woman said. “There’s not much that can be done for a concussion.” She set her gray satchel down and took out a small bottle. It was filled with a white liquid Joyah didn’t recognize. “Inhale the fumes once every hour. It should decrease the swelling, but the best thing to do is get a lot of rest.” Joyah took the bottle and opened it. The fumes stung her nose and made her eyes water.
The woman moved on to Gilla. She looked at her leg and made a tutting noise with her tongue.
“This should have gotten immediate attention. That can’t be helped now. The stitching is poor, but it will do. You’ll have a large scar.” She looked over her shoulder at Mal and Miss Faulet. “How much blood did she lose?”
“A lot,” Mal said. The woman snorted.
“That’s very helpful.” She put her hands on Gilla’s shoulders and pushed her down on the bed.
“Hey!” she complained. The woman sighed impatiently through her nose.
“I knew you’d be the tough one. You’re to lie here and hold still.” She propped her feet up on a pillow and covered her with a blanket. Then she took out a wooden object. Joyah watched curiously as the healer unfolded it. It was a stand. She took out a small bag with a tube hanging from the bottom and hung it on the stand. She attached a needle to the end of the tube and stuck it in Gilla’s arm.
Both Gilla and Joyah yelped in surprise.
“Hold still or you’ll pull it out!” the healer snapped at Gilla. Gilla glared at her reproachfully. The healer wrapped a strip of white cloth around Gilla’s wrist to keep the needle in. This was definitely a procedure not done in Joyah’s village. Healers never stuck needles into people’s arms.
“What in the world is that for?”
“It’s to put fluid in her veins without having it go through her mouth,” Jeff explained. “It’s only done for people of the ruling class for lack of clean needles.” He looked at the healer. “Where did you get one?” The woman was packing up her bag.
“No questions, that’s the deal. The less we know of each other the less likely it is for either of us to give information on the other if we’re caught. I’m doing this to repay a favor I owe Mr. Archibald, and that’s all you need to know.”
She took care of the rest of their injuries, including Joyah’s back wound that she had completely forgotten about, and made sure both girls were laying down.
“We can’t afford to be stuck in bed for more than a day,” Joyah said. “We need to look for… something.”
“That something can wait,” the healer snapped. “If you two don’t recover then you can say good-bye to doing much of anything, including leaving Laar in a hurry.” And that was the end of that.
After the woman had gone Joyah sighed at the ceiling.
“How are we supposed to find what we need if half of us are bedridden!?”
“Look,” Jeff said. “Miss Faulet can show Archie and me what she can, and you two can help going through some books tomorrow. Finding the right books to look in doesn’t need four people anyway.” She still didn’t like it, but there wasn’t anything to be done about it besides get better as fast as possible. As Aunty had pointed out to her many times, there was no way to do that but follow the healer’s instruction, so Joyah closed her eyes and soon drifted off to sleep.
After they all had a bath Joyah spent most of the next day sleeping. The day after that the healer came back and took Gilla’s needle out. She announced that Gilla could get up and walk, but Joyah still had to stay in bed. Joyah scowled and grumbled. Jeff and Gilla brought some books in for them to read. They learned very little. There were small villages in the Gorem Mountains, but there were very few and their location was unknown. They were completely isolated. For all society knew they could have all died off already. Very discouraging. Mal and Miss Faulet spent most of their time using her connections to try to get information. The three teens hoped they were having better luck.
The second day of Gilla’s new freedom Addri finally worked up the courage to join the three teens in their room. Gilla was perched on one of the bookcases and Jeff and Joyah were both sitting on the beds when he came in. They looked up from the books they had been reading. Joyah smiled.
“Hi.”
“Hi,” he said. He tried to close the door behind him, but it was hard with the three books balanced in his hands. “I’ve got some more books that I thought might be useful.”
“Great,” Gilla said sarcastically as she gestured to her cot. It was covered in books. “Just what we need.” He shrugged and set the three books on top of a pile on the cot.
“I didn’t say you needed them, I just said I thought they might be useful.”
“Thanks,” Joyah said, glaring at Gilla. Addri sat on the end of Gilla’s cot.
“How are you doing?” he asked Joyah. She scowled.
“I’m fine, but that healer won’t let me up yet.” 
“You’re not fine until you stop getting headaches,” Jeff said.
“I’ve stopped getting headaches!” Joyah exclaimed.
“That’s because you’ve done nothing but lie down,” Gilla said sarcastically without looking up from the book she was reading.
“You’re just saying that because you can move around,” Joyah snapped. “If you were still bed bound you’d be complaining too.”
“So?”
“Ookay,” Addri said. “All I asked was how you were doing.”
Joyah crossed her arms over her chest, but she couldn’t help smiling.
“I’m fine.”
“What’s in those that might be useful?” Jeff asked, pointing to the three books Addri had brought.
Addri took his eyes from Joyah and fumbled with the books.
“Right. Well, this one-” he dropped one of the books. He started turning red as he leaned down to pick it up. “Oops.” Gilla grinned at Joyah behind his back and mouthed, he’s cute! Jeff scowled. Addri straightened and opened the book to a bookmarked page. “I don’t know exactly what you’re looking for, but Miss Faulet told me it might be useful. This has advanced geography on the Gorem mountains.” Gilla snorted.
“There is no such thing. Those paths are so dangerous and so complex no one has ever mapped them.”
“Well, a little more advanced than normal,” Addri amended.
“Which means a hazy idea of the major routes instead of none at all,” Gilla muttered.
“So, what are you looking for?” Addri asked.
“Don’t ask,” Gilla said. “It never does me any good. I still don’t know how she got the jewel in the first place.”
Joyah’s mouth dropped open.
“What jewel?” Addri asked.
“Gilla!” Joyah shrieked. Gilla’s face went ashen.
“Oh, oh tā māde. I am soo sorry. It just slipped out!” She buried her face in her hands. “Oh I am such an idiot! Why can’t I keep my mouth shut!”
Addri was looking thoroughly bewildered.
“Um… what’s going on?”
Joyah pushed aside her first reaction of getting angry for her carelessness and sighed.
“It’s okay, Gilla. We can trust Addri.”
“It’s amazing how the circumstances change how fast you choose to trust someone,” Jeff murmured. Joyah chose to pretend she hadn’t heard him.
“We can’t tell you much about what’s going on because you’d be in too much danger,” Joyah told Addri. “But I can tell you that there’s this… guild looking for something I found.” She pulled the jewel from her pocket and showed it to him. His eyes widened. “We need to take it into the Gorem mountains to a place it will be safe.” Jeff shifted, looking uneasy at how much she was saying.
Addri’s eyes were full with wonder as he looked at the gem. He lifted his hand as if to touch it, but thought better of it.
“Where did you find this? It’s huge.”
“Yes, please tell,” Gilla said. “I still don’t know.”
“You shouldn’t tell Miss Faulet about this,” Jeff told Addri. “She knows too much already.” He nodded. Joyah slipped the jewel back into her pocket, uneasy with the way he was staring at it. His eyes followed it until it was out of sight.
Addri bit his lip and looked back at Joyah.
“You said you were running from a guild. Is it… do they wear long black coats that covers their heads?”
It was Joyah’s turn to have her eyes widen.
“With a symbol like this?” She rummaged through her bag and pulled out The Assassin’s symbol. He nodded.
“The Assassins. That’s not a good group to have looking for you.”
“How do you know them?” Jeff asked. Addri shifted uncomfortably.
 “Uh, my cousin Anuran joined them a couple years ago. It’s what made me… made me decide to come stay with Miss Faulet.”
“I’d think knowing about that group but not joining them would make you a target,” Jeff said. Addri shrugged.
“Miss Faulet isn’t exactly safe either. That’s one of the reasons I came to stay with her.”
“One of the reasons?” Jeff asked.
“Ookay,” Joyah said, holding her hands up between the two boys. She did not want this to turn into a ‘let’s grill Addri on a subject that makes him uncomfortable’ session. “We’re wasting time. We should learn what we need to and get out before said guild catches up to us. You want to help, Addri?”
He looked relieved at the change in subject and opened his mouth to reply when Miss Faulet poked her head in.
“Addri, what are you doing in here? You’re supposed to be organizing the return box.”
“Coming,” he said. He stood up and looked down at Joyah. “See you later.”
“Bye.” He glanced at her pocket where the jewel was hidden again and left.
“What do you think you’re doing, telling him all of that?” Jeff demanded as soon as Addri’s footsteps faded away. “How do we know we can trust him?”
“Why not?” Joyah asked. “You said I needed to be more trusting.”
“That was before we had a super-guild trying to kill us,” he said.
“You were quick enough to trust Gilla,” Joyah pointed out.
“I’ve known Gilla for a long time,” Jeff said. “We’ve just met him. Put your feelings aside.” Joyah turned pink.
“You’re one to talk,” she snapped. Jeff turned as pink as Joyah.
“I already said I’ve known Gilla for a long time. Just listen to me a moment.”
“Hey, I agree with you, but maybe we should hear him out,” Gilla said to Joyah. Joyah sighed and crossed her arms.
“Fine.”
“Did you see how he was looking at the jewel?” Jeff asked. “He couldn’t take his eyes off of it.”
“That’s cause it’s really big,” Gilla said.
“Did you stare at it when you first saw it because of its size?” Jeff asked. Gilla frowned.
“Well, no…”
“For a moment I thought he was going to take it from you,” Jeff told Joyah. “You saw that, didn’t you?”
“Well, yeah.” she said. “So what? He just wanted to touch it.”
“How do you know?” She didn’t, but that didn’t matter. This was silly. “So he likes shiny things. So what?” That was a weak argument and they all knew it.
“And he’s got a cousin in the guild,” Jeff continued. “Isn’t it a little suspicious that once his cousin joined them he went to stay with Miss Faulet?”
“He needed someone who could help him stay low,” Gilla said.
“Then why didn’t he just stay with his parents?” Jeff asked. “Working in a public library isn’t exactly lying low.”
“Mal does--did--it,” Joyah said.
“Archie has training in fitting in,” he said. “Miss Faulet doesn’t, and Addri wouldn’t unless he was with a group like that too.” Joyah looked at Gilla for support, but she was looking troubled.
“This is just paranoia!” Joyah exclaimed. “There is no possible way he could be one of them!”
“Why?” Jeff asked.
“Well… because…” Joyah scowled and picked up the book she had been reading. “Whatever.”
A couple days later Joyah was finally allowed to walk around as long as she was careful. She was starting to get anxious about where the Assassins might be. She mentioned this to her friends.
Miss Faulet looked concerned.
“You said you had slowed them down. Do you know by how much?”
“No,” Joyah said. “Which is why I think we should be leaving soon. How far have you two gotten?”
“Not much,” Mal said. “We have reasons to believe that there are still villages in the mountains. There might be one in the general area of a tributary to the Gorem River.”
“What do you mean general area?” Jeff asked.
“Anywhere within five miles of any part of it,” Mal said.
“So, when you say general, you really mean general,” Jeff said.
“I do believe that this village may be near the Sanctuary,” Miss Faulet said. “Near enough that they might know something about it.”
“So all we have to do is find a tiny village somewhere along a very long river in some part of a bunch of mountains,” Gilla said brightly. “This is going to be easy!”
Just as Gilla had predicted, it was anything but easy. It felt like despite all the books in the library there was nothing there that had anything useful. The three teens thought nothing of it until they heard Mal talking to Miss Faulet in private.
“It’s so strange, Maggie. This is one of the best libraries in the world, and yet it has nothing useful. Have you noticed?”
“Yes,” Miss Faulet said, sounding worried. “I’ve had no signs of a break in, but books are disappearing.” Joyah had been tugging on Gilla’s sleeve to get her away from the door--she had no wish to ruin their privacy--but stopped after hearing this. This sounded important.
“How about the people you’ve been contacting?” Mal asked. Miss Faulet sighed.
“They’ve either disappeared or give me vague answers. I think someone’s warning them off.”
Jeff poked Joyah in the back and gave her raised eyebrows. Joyah scowled. Someone who had easy access to the library and knew Miss Faulet well enough to know who she was contacting was messing with their search. It wasn’t Addri. Mal and Miss Faulet had stopped talking, so Joyah pulled her friends away from the door. She left Jeff and Gilla discussing what they had heard and walked towards the front door. Fresh air had always helped clear her thoughts, and she did not want to join in on another conversation about who didn’t like who.
Addri was covering the desk while Miss Faulet talked with Mal. Joyah was so deep in her thoughts she didn’t notice him until he said, “You seem preoccupied.”
She stopped in surprise.
“Oh. Hello, Addri.”
He grinned. “I said hello twice before you responded.” His smile disappeared when he noticed her expression. “What’s up?” Joyah sighed.
“We just heard Miss Faulet telling Mal that books are disappearing and all her contacts are either missing or elusive. Someone in the library’s betraying us.”
He looked worried.
“Who do you think it is?” 
Joyah answered tiredly. 
“I don’t know. I don’t want to think it’s anyone, I trust everyone here. Apparently I’m too trusting or not trusting enough at the wrong moments.” She turned and walked towards the doors. “I need some air.”
“You shouldn’t go out on your own at night,” Addri called after her. She scowled over her shoulder.
“I’ll be fine!”
Cool night air brushed her face as she pushed through the doors. She walked down the steps and sat on the lowest one. The martial arts studio back home was little more than a pavilion, so wind blew through it easily. She had come to associate a breeze with the calm feeling of meditation. Her hand wandered up to touch the chain beneath her collar as she thought of home. She crisscrossed her legs and closed her eyes, slipping into meditation.
The doors open and closed behind her. Soft footsteps padded down the steps. A moment later Addri sat down next to her. “I don’t think anyone here would betray us.” Joyah knew he was trying to be comforting, but disrupting her meditating was annoying. “People come in and out of the library every day. There are plenty of chances for someone to steal something.”
“What about Miss Faulet’s contacts?” Joyah pointed out without opening her eyes. “They all just happen to be off vacationing or feel rather mysterious just when she needs them?”
He didn’t answer. Joyah opened her eyes and looked at him. His expression was one of dread.
“What?” she asked. He clenched his fists on his knees.
“I’ve been in situations of extreme paranoia before. Never knowing who to trust, feeling completely alone, suspecting even your closest friend. It’s horrible, and I thought I’d never have to do it again.”
Joyah closed her eyes and leaned her elbows on her knees.
“I’m sorry, Addri. I wish we never had to come here, never had to bring you into this.”
“Coming here can’t be all bad,” he said.
She looked at him. He was smiling again. She liked it when he smiled. She couldn’t help but smile back.
“No, I guess not.”
His eyes went to something farther down the street behind her. His smile disappeared.
“We should go inside.” He stood abruptly.
“Why?” Joyah asked, turning to see what he had seen.
“Nothing, we just really should go in,” he said. A small group of people who looked around their age was walking up the deserted street, chatting and goofing off among themselves.
“Who are they?” Joyah asked warily. She could see Addri come to the right conclusion that she wasn’t budging until she got an explanation. He looked irritated.
“Look, see the one in the middle? The tall brunette guy? He’s the Constable’s son, and he doesn’t like me. He and his friends can get away with practically anything. It would be best if we avoided confrontation.”
“That’s not right,” Joyah said, standing.
The boy Addri had pointed out, a strong, handsome guy with a fancy sword at his hip, looked up and saw the two of them standing at the base of the library stairs.
“Hey Mogami! Taking your girlfriend out for an evening walk?” 
His friends laughed.
Joyah saw something flash in Addri’s eyes. A flame of pure hatred and the knowledge to act upon it. Then it was hidden again.
“Hello, James.”
“You shouldn’t be out at night,” James said to Joyah, winking. If he had been able to see her face through the dark he would have stopped there. “Especially not with the likes of him,” James continued, jerking his chin at Addri.
Joyah scoffed and glanced at Addri. She stopped when she saw his face. The look of dread was back. Possibly there was more to this than a jerk looking down on someone of lower class.
“What does he mean?” She tried to keep her voice down, but the group of teens heard it anyway.
“Oh, she doesn’t know?” James said in false surprise. “You mean you haven’t told her, Mogami?”
“Told me what?” Joyah snapped.
James opened his mouth to reply, but Addri cut him off.
“Shut up, James.” James looked shocked. Addri turned to look at Joyah again. He spoke quietly. “I didn’t want to tell you, though I probably should have. I used to be in the street gang that lives here. Last year I left when… you know, and I went to stay with Miss Faulet.”
A gang? Joyah’s head was spinning. Addri didn’t seem like a gang member. He was barely Joyah’s height and much skinnier. His skin was pale from spending all day inside, but she noticed for the first time that his hands had uncharacteristic calluses for a librarian.
“Thinking twice about staying out at night with him, huh?” James said to Joyah. He gave her another wink. “Come hang out with us.” He puffed out his chest and laid his hand on his sword. “I can protect you from criminals.”
Joyah had had enough. She strode forward. Thinking she was coming to join them James sneered at Addri.
“Better luck next-” he cut off when her fist connected with his nose. He fell back on his butt in shock, his hand clasped over his bleeding nose. His friends back off. “You hit me!” James exclaimed.
A dark haired girl leaned down and pulled him to his feet.
“Come on, James,” she said nervously. She gave him a small shove towards Joyah.
“Do something,” another boy said.
Seeing his friends' doubt, James’ bravado returned.
“It seems we have a new rat on our streets,” he said. He drew his sword. “My mother being the Constable I have a duty to rid our fair city of vermin.” His friends sniggered and cheered him on.
Joyah expected him to come at her lazily for a small hit, nothing fatal. Instead he lunged in towards her stomach. Furious, she twisted to one side so the blade went past her and grabbed his arm. She spun him around so he fell back to the road where he had been before. His friends backed up another step and his sword skittered away. He pushed himself to his feet. Before he could finish turning around she grabbed his arm and twisted it behind his back into a lock.
“That was a kill shot, you little rat! What gives you the right to murder someone in a main road?”
“Joyah, wait.” Jeff appeared at her elbow. She hadn’t noticed him come out. “Let him go.”
“He tried to kill me just because I broke his nose,” she snapped.
“I know,” he said. “But just let him go.” She did, giving his arm a final jerk first.
“I was just going to break his arm.”
James spun to face them.
“My mother will hear about this!”
Jeff stepped between them before Joyah could jump on him again.
“You’re disgusting,” he said to James. “Being a Constable’s son does not give you the right to boss everyone around. It means you have a responsibility to uphold the law in your actions. You’ve got to be an example of a perfect citizen people can look to so your father or mother can uphold the law to the best of their abilities.”
James’ eyes widened. Then they narrowed.
“I know you! You’re that kid from that little city out in the country!”
“Yes,” Jeff said calmly. “So you also know that my father’s the Constable there. Which means he knows the people who are in charge of your mother. So if you tell anyone about what’s happened tonight or if I hear that you’re bullying anyone in this city again I will have my father tell your mother’s bosses exactly what you’ve been up to. Imagine what a scandal that will be.”
James’ mouth worked furiously as he tried to find a comeback for that. Finding none he turned and stormed away. His shocked friends trailed after him.
“Do you think he’ll listen?” Joyah asked.
“He’ll pretend not, but he’s a coward,” Jeff said. He still looked pissed. “He wouldn’t dare do anything now.”
“That was so cool!” Gilla exclaimed, bouncing up on his other side. Joyah didn’t know when she had arrived either. Gilla grinned evilly at the group’s retreating backs. “Just look at them, running away with their tails between their legs!”
“How long have you two been out here?” Joyah asked, bewildered.
“We came out to check on you just as they started yelling at you two from down the street,” Gilla said. She was still taking immense pleasure at watching the group run away.
“How much did you hear?” Joyah asked warily.
She could tell from Jeff’s expression that they had overheard Addri’s explanation.
“We heard all of it,” he said.
Addri walked up behind them.
“How did you learn how to do that?!”
“There was a martial arts studio back in my home village,” Joyah said as she turned back towards the library. “Jeff learned swordplay from his father and Gilla learned archery from hers.” Addri looked amazed.
“And here I was worried about you going out alone.”
“That’s why you kept looking at… the object,” Joyah said as they started back up the library steps. “Stealing things like it was what you did for a living not too long ago.” Addri looked extremely uncomfortable. He kept glancing over his shoulder at Jeff.
“Yeah. I’ve been trying to break old habits, but it’s not easy.”
Once they were inside Joyah nudged Jeff with her elbow.
“I’m going to talk to Addri,” she whispered. “He’s not going to say anything while you’re here, so get lost.” He gave her an I-can’t-believe-you-still-trust-this-guy look, but he dragged Gilla away to the back room on the basis of getting some research done before bed.
Joyah leaned against the front desk as Addri cleared it off for the night.
“I didn’t know your last name was Mogami.”
He sighed.
“I don’t want to talk about my past.”
Joyah frowned.
“I think I deserve an explanation.”
“I already gave you one.”
“Mostly. What’s your relationship with James? I saw the hate in your eyes when you saw him.”
He sighed again.
“He and his friends are the arch enemy of this city’s gang. I’ve been trying to keep old emotions down, but changing’s hard. I don’t want to talk about this anymore,” he said as he saw her open her mouth to ask another question.
“All I want to know is why you left,” Joyah said. “You could at least tell me that.”
“I left because my cousin joined a bunch of murderers,” he said. “I saw what I could turn into. I didn’t want that.”
“Why didn’t you go back to your parents?”
“I thought you only had one question,” he shot back.
She put her hands on the desk and leaned closer to him.
“I’m being hunted by the most dangerous group there is and you have a connection to them. I deserve to know.”
He backed down.
“They’re mapmakers. It’s been a family thing for generations. They’ve never really forgiven me for joining a gang.” He took a pile of books and started down the rows of shelves to put them back. “I don’t like talking about it.” Joyah followed him.
“You have been leading me on pretending to be a simple apprentice librarian. So yes, I do deserve an explanation.”
“I’ve told you enough, can’t you just trust me?” he demanded.
“I want to,” she retorted. “I really do. But things keep building up against you and you’re suddenly refusing to talk to me. What am I supposed to think?”
“Do you think that or your friends?” he asked. Joyah stopped.
“I…” She sighed and leaned up against a bookcase next to him. “Jeff doesn’t like you.”
“I know,” Addri said. “I’m not too fond of him. Did you know a Constable’s his father?”
“Yes,” Joyah said. “In Guem. He isn’t like James, though.”
“You think he isn’t,” Addri said darkly. Joyah’s head whipped up.
“Do not start that! He saved my life when he didn’t even know me and his family gave me a place to stay when I needed it. He was the first person who joined me on my Journey. If I trust anyone here, it’s him.” Addri moved on farther down the shelves. Joyah followed him. “You’re not exactly what you seem. Is that why you’re so sure no one else is too?”
“You all seemed like normal kids when you got here,” Addri said. “It turns out you’re actually some warrior teenagers. You don’t wear your identity on your sleeve either.”
“I don’t pretend I’m anything but what I am!” Joyah exclaimed. “If you had asked how good I was in a fight I would have told you! If you want to know my family or why I left in the first place I’ll tell you! You wouldn’t have told me about your past if James hadn’t been ready to tell me first!”
“I knew you wouldn’t trust me afterwards,” he said bitterly. “And I was right.”
Joyah took a deep breath to calm herself as he went back up to the front desk. Once she had herself back under control she went back too.
“Look, I’m sorry. Apparently trust has been a problem with me for a while. I’m trying to find a balance between being too trusting and being paranoid, my friends are on my back for being around you, and you’re refusing to give me any help at all. What am I supposed to do?” 
He gave her a thin smile.
“I know. I’m sorry too. I know I should be more helpful, but I’m trying to forget and move on.”
“Maybe you shouldn’t forget,” Joyah suggested.
“What?” he asked.
“What happened, happened,” she said. “Nothing’s going to change that. The point is to learn from it and grow.”
“You are annoyingly wise,” he said.
“I’ve heard that one before,” she said wryly. She hoped Jen was okay.
Jeff and Gilla were waiting for her when she went back to their room.
“Please don’t start,” Joyah said. She walked past Jeff and sat down on her cot.
“What did he tell you?” Gilla asked. They sat on their cots on either side of her. She told them what he had told her about him and the gang and, grudgingly, that getting him to talk about it was like pulling teeth.
“He also suspects you,” she told Jeff. He looked surprised.
“Me?”
“Yeah. His experiences with the son of a Constable haven’t exactly been nice, and it must seem to him like you’re trying to throw the suspicions off onto him. He doesn’t know you well enough to know who you really are.”
“You don’t agree though, right?” he asked uncertainly.
“No.” Joyah and Gilla said it together.
“I wonder why he wouldn’t talk to you,” Gilla said. “If there’s anyone here who’d be able to get him to talk it would be you, if we don’t include Miss Faulet. And I’m assuming we are since the adults would probably tell us we’re being ridiculous if we let them know we know someone’s a spy.”
“I would point out a possible reason for why he might not want to talk but Joyah would probably hit me,” Jeff said.
“Look, I think it might be someone else, but you’ve got to admit he’s acting suspicious,” Gilla told Joyah. “He’s blaming everything he’s done on his past as a gang member and yet he’s refusing to give us any proof from his past to show us he’s innocent. For a guy who’s sick of paranoia he’s being pretty paranoid. Do you think it’s possible for there to be two spies?”
“I don’t think there are two spies,” Joyah said. “If we keep this up then we’ll be seeing traitors all over the place.”
“Who do you think the other spy would be?” Jeff asked her.
“I’m not telling you because you two would just jump all over me,” Gilla said. “That’s all anyone’s been doing whenever someone thinks of a suspect. Everyone’s talking and no one’s listening.”
Jeff and Joyah paused.
“You know, Gilla, sometimes you’re flashes of wisdom are surprising,” Jeff said.
Joyah crossed her arms over her chest and leaned against the wall. She did not want to suspect Addri, but maybe Gilla had a point. She thought about Jeff’s arguments and had to admit it was suspicious. She swallowed her pride.
“Okay, you have a good argument. But just because he was in a gang doesn’t mean much. After all, Mal was in the super guild and he’s turned into a good guy.”
“Point taken, but Archie didn’t hesitate to tell us about it after he found out what we knew,” Jeff said. 
“Maybe Addri’s more secretive,” she said.
“You’re making excuses again,” he said.
She sighed.
“I don’t know what to believe anymore. I just don’t know.”


Chapter 11
Betrayal


By the evening of the next day Joyah’s brain was so full it felt like it was going to burst. It was most likely from all the reading, but since she had recently had a concussion she wasn’t completely sure. Mal made her stop and go outside. Gilla slammed her book closed and announced that she was going to accompany Joyah since she had had a recent concussion. Joyah glared at her for using her as an excuse to get out of researching.
Joyah sat on one of the low stone walls that held a stone lion. Gilla levered herself up onto the lion’s back.
“You just want to get out of researching.”
Gilla gave her fake wide-eyed innocent.
“What? I just wanted to make sure my poor injured friend is okay!”
Joyah punched her knee. Gilla winced.
Someone walked up behind them. Joyah turned, expecting to see Jeff trying to get out of work too, to find Addri walking towards them.
He smiled when she looked at him.
“Can I join you?”
Joyah nodded. He sat on the other side of her than the lion. Gilla snickered. Joyah looked at her and raised an eyebrow.
“I didn’t say anything,” she said, raising her hands defensively.
“You don’t have to,” Joyah said wryly.
“Oh come on,” Gilla said. “It’s so obvious.”
“You’re one to talk,” Addri said.
Gilla looked confused. “Huh?”
“It’s so obvious,” Joyah said mockingly. “He’s head over heels.” Gilla looked even more confused.
 “Who?”
Joyah’s jaw dropped.
“You mean you don’t know?!”
“Know what?”
“Even I can tell and you’ve been here less than a week!” Addri said.
“Tell what?” Gilla asked impatiently. “If someone doesn’t tell me what’s going on I’m going to twist both your arms!”
“I’d twist yours first,” Joyah told her.
The door slammed behind them. Jeff walked over to stand next to the stone lion. Addri shifted uncomfortably.
“Miss Faulet wants us to go shopping for supplies since I was the only teenager still working,” Jeff said. “Mal thinks we should leave tomorrow since there’s nothing more here for us to learn.”
Jeff and Gilla looked pointedly at Joyah. It took her a moment to realize they were waiting to see her opinion on the matter from her Journey sense. She shrugged. It wasn’t like she was walking directions.
“Sure.”
The marketplace of Laar was even bigger and noisier than back in Guem, if that was even possible. Merchants in fine tents from all over the Middle Kingdom lined the road. They sold everything from exotic items that cost more than Joyah’s village to books with golden covers to foods she had never seen before.
“Don’t buy anything from the merchants,” Addri advised them. “They’re all over priced.”
“And not practical,” Jeff added. “Anything from them is mostly for decoration only. Like those golden swords over there. They wouldn’t last a minute in battle.”
Joyah silently agreed. The only golden swords she had come across that were fit for a fight were the ones she’d given to Jen. She hoped Jen and the rest of her family were all right.
“It would be easier to get everything we need if we split up,” Jeff said. “We can meet up back at the library in an hour. There should be some cheaper stores a couple streets over, but we don’t want to wander into the shifty areas.” Addri looked at the two girls.
“Is he always this cocky?”
“Yes,” Gilla said immediately. Jeff glared at her. “Well, only in cities,” she amended.
“I think it might be a good idea,” Joyah offered, trying to get them back on track. “We can split up into two groups.”
“I’ll go with Gilla,” Jeff said a little too quickly.
Addri and Joyah exchanged looks.
“Right,” Addri said. “I’ll go with Joyah.”
Jeff and Gilla took a route that would keep them farthest away from the slums since they didn’t know exactly where they were. Joyah followed Addri down a smaller road. The merchant tents weren’t set up there. As they walked the babble of the crowd and the calls of the merchants faded into the distance. The buildings around them became smaller and the roads narrower. They still were by no means small, though. Joyah glanced nervously up at the tall buildings on either side of her. Their bamboo roofs were cast in shadow from the setting sun.
Addri saw her look.
“Relax. Nothing’s up there.”
She scowled.
“How do you know? Anyone could have been hiding up there and we’d never know it.”
Addri glanced a little more nervously at the tops of the buildings.
“The city guards would stop them if they tried to get into the city, right?”
“No,” she said. “They didn’t in Guem.” Addri’s eyes narrowed.
“Unless they had assistance.”
“Jeff is not a traitor!” Joyah almost shouted. Some passersby gave them a funny look. Joyah lowered her voice to a whisper. “I’m done talking about that. I trust him with my life and that’s final.” He scowled but didn’t push the subject.
They stopped in an herb shop to stock up on medical supplies. Joyah stared around the place. Lining the walls were shelves covered in all different types of herbs and liquids. She had seen Aunty hang herbs from their ceiling to dry them before, but she had never seen so many at the same time.
“Do healers come here to buy their stuff instead of foraging for them?”
Addri gave her a funny look.
“Of course. Why wouldn’t they?”
“We don’t have shops like this at home,” Joyah said. “We have basic things like a butchery and a cloth shop, but there’s only one healer, my Aunty. People pay for her skills, not her herbs.”
Once they had gotten everything they needed Joyah reached up to a higher shelf and picked out a jar of Dragon Weed sticks.
“What are these used for?” she asked the store manager.
“They’re for lighting something that might go up in flames fast,” he said. “You light one end and throw it onto whatever it is you want to burn. That way the flames don’t singe you.”
Remembering the burn near her ear she added it to their pile.
“Who knows when I’ll have to light a field of Dragon Weed on fire again?” she commented to Addri. He stared at her.
“Light a field… again? You mean you’ve lit a field of Dragon Weed on fire before?!”
“Of course,” Joyah said like it was obvious. “How do you think I got these burns?”
“So you’re leaving,” Addri said as they exited the shop. Joyah glanced around to make sure no one was listening.
“Yeah, I guess so.”
“I’ll be sorry to see you go,” he said quietly. She nodded.
“So will I. It’s been nice here, but we’ve got to move on. Maybe I’ll come back after we finish our job and my Journey’s over.”
“What do you mean?”
“What, my Journey? For every person in the Pain family there’s something we have to do in our lives, something we have to accomplish. We feel an urge to leave and do something. It ranges from inventing a new type of boat to getting married. It can be dangerous, like when my cousin died in the mountains, but it’s something we have to do.”
“And this job you’re doing, that’s your Journey?” he asked.
“Yes,” she said.
“That’s why the other two looked for your approval to leave,” he said. “When you got here it seemed like M… Val was the leader since he knew Miss Faulet and is the adult, but it’s really you who’s in charge.” She shrugged.
“I guess.”
They stopped in four more shops. Some of them were dull, like the butchery where they got more dried beef, but some were just as neat as the herb shop. When they were done Joyah was amazed at all the new sights she had seen while walking around the city and Addri was amazed at how little she knew about “civilization.”
Joyah stopped to gaze admiringly at a merchant tent full of fine material and dresses decorated with gold. She ignored the merchant who was loudly trying to sell her a golden hair scarf that “would go perfectly with her intriguing red ringlets” when she noticed that Addri hadn’t pulled her away yet. She turned to see why he wasn’t telling her she was wasting time, but he wasn’t there. The streets weren’t that crowded anymore since most people were going home for dinner, but he was nowhere in sight. That was weird. She ducked under the merchant’s arm and started along the road in the direction they had been going, scanning the people for him.
He probably hadn’t noticed that she had stopped. But then she should have been able to see him. She bit the inside of her lip uneasily. She was the worst person to lose in a big city. Her navigation skills were nonexistent. Maybe he had decided to cut across an alley for a short cut since it was getting too dark to be out safely. Joyah peered down a couple alleyways. She saw black hair in her peripheral vision. She whipped her head around in time to see Addri disappear into an alley farther up. She sighed in relief and ran to catch up.
She stopped at the entrance to the alley. It just had to be an alley. The one experience she had had with an alley had turned out very badly. Joyah shook her head and started down. She was being ridiculous. Just because she had gotten jumped once didn’t mean she had to chicken out and avoid them forever. Besides, she had almost caught up to Addri.
She was almost out when her instincts screamed at her. Immediately she dropped into a crouch and drew her sword in one motion. A dagger cleaved the air where her neck had been only seconds before. Joyah kicked out and caught the Assassin in the ankle. He didn’t fall, but she had knocked him off balance enough to get another attack in. She came up hard with her blade angled to slide under his ribs. He managed to backpedal and bring his dagger up to deflect her lunge. His back hit the wall behind him. Joyah came in to finish him off.
Before she got the chance her instincts screamed at her again. Joyah turned just in time to catch a sword coming at her from behind. They were moving in to flank her, and this time Jeff was not here to jump in and save her. And these people knew how she fought, so they were ready. She had to get out, and fast. The woman slashed at her again. Joyah caught it on the hilt of her sword so the blades locked. Then she did something that went completely against her training. She planted her feet and pushed.
The Assassin, caught completely by surprise from this sudden change in tactic, was thrown off balance and stumbled back. Which one of them was really the stronger they’d never know, but it didn’t matter. Joyah had surprise on her side. She was going to use it to her advantage. She took her opportunity and ran past the stumbling black figure, leaving the alley at a dead sprint.
She dodged through the remaining people, incredibly thankful that Laar had night owls. They couldn’t get her with so many witnesses around. She cursed herself for being so careless. She should never have let her guard down. She wasn’t going to do it again.
Joyah found Jeff and Gilla at a stone fountain near the library. They looked up, bewildered, when she came sprinting up to them with a blade in her hand and looking like a pack of wolves were after her.
“They’re here,” she panted, skidding to a halt in front of them. “They jumped me again. They know where we are and they know we’re leaving.”
“Where’s Addri?” Gilla asked.
“He’s… gone,” she said. “He lost me in the crowd and disappeared down a side alley right before I was attacked.” She paused, her heart hurting. “You were right, Jeff. I should have listened to you.” He looked regretful.
“I wish I wasn’t.”
Gilla looked horrified.
“If they knew where you’d be, then they know about the library. Archie and Miss Faulet!”
They took off running for the library.
Joyah stopped before the grand stone steps under the shadow of the library. Her friends skidded to a stop behind her. She scanned the roof of the building.
“Gilla, you see anything?”
“No,” she said quietly. “But it’s a large building. I’ll do a perimeter to make sure no one’s hiding anywhere else.”
“No,” Joyah said. “It’s too easy to pick us off that way. We need to stick together, keep all eyes open.” Gilla opened her mouth to protest, but closed it again. With some effort she nodded.
Joyah led the way up to the double doors. She stepped to one side and gestured to do the same. Jeff, who had seen her make the same gesture before, knew what it meant and did so. Gilla just looked confused. Joyah sighed and pushed her to the other side of the door. Well, they were making progress at working together.
 Joyah pushed the door open. It creaked ominously as it did. Everything was dark inside. That was a very bad sign. It had been lit by candles when they left. Joyah went in first, slightly crouched and ready for anything. Gilla followed, bow at the ready. Joyah prayed she wouldn’t spook and shoot Mal or Miss Faulet.
The door of the room they were staying in opened. Joyah dropped down to one side behind the front desk, peering around the edge. Jeff crouched behind her. Gilla put her back to one of the bookshelves. At first Joyah saw no one. Then her eyes barely made out a dark shape moving out in a low crouch. A glint of a dagger caught some light from the windows. Joyah raised her hand slightly and Gilla pulled her bowstring back farther, ready to fire. Any moment now…
Jeff stuck his arm out, stopping Joyah’s arm from dropping and signaling Gilla to fire. “Wait,” he hissed.
The dark figure turned his head at Jeff’s whisper. Then Joyah saw his head rise and fall in a nod. She understood. She shook her head at Gilla.
“It’s Mal.” Joyah rose carefully and moved towards Mal, keeping low. “Mal, they’re here.”
“I know,” he said softly in a voice that barely carried.
“Where’s Miss Faulet?” she asked.
Movement caught Joyah’s eye. She dropped lower, ready to spring. Another dark figure had emerged from a side door and was moving carefully towards the front desk. She was obviously not an expert.
“Maggie,” Mal whispered. Miss Faulet jumped and straightened.
“Mal! I didn’t see you. What’s happening? Where’s Addri?”
“They’re here, Maggie,” he told her. “We need to go. You too, they’ll kill you.”
“What? No, you should stay, they can’t be here. Where’s Addri?”
“They are here,” Jeff said. “They already tried to kill Joyah.”
“No, they promised,” Miss Faulet said. Joyah froze.
“What?”
 Miss Faulet burst into tears.
“I’m sorry! I didn’t want them to hurt Addri! It was the only way!”
“It’s you,” Jeff said. “You’re the traitor.” Even in the dark Joyah could see Mal’s shock.
“Maggie, no! It can’t be.”
“I’m sorry, they made me do it!” Miss Faulet wailed.
The door slammed behind them and Addri came skidding to a stop. He had his hand clamped over his left bicep, which was covered in blood. He took in the scene.
“Well, I guess you know they’re here too?”
Miss Faulet wailed.
“I’m sorry! They were going to kill us!”
Addri blinked. Then realization dawned on his face. “No, it can’t be.” Miss Faulet cried harder. “Miss Faulet, how could you?!” he yelled.
Gilla gave a small squeak of pain and staggered. Then she fell to the floor. Joyah, almost without thinking, dove and tackled Jeff. Two darts missed them by inches.
“Gilla!” Jeff yelled. Joyah pushed herself off the floor and rolled under the desk.
Miss Faulet cried pathetically. “I had no choice!” She ran back into the room she had come from. Joyah peeked out through the crack under the desk. Mal had taken cover under a table, but it wouldn’t be much help. Addri had jumped behind the door, putting the thick wood between him and any attackers. Joyah lay flat on the ground as a crossbow bolt tinked off the floor next to her. She peered up at the windows high on the walls. She couldn’t see anyone, but that didn’t mean they weren’t there.
“Can you see where they are?” she asked Jeff. He was crouched under the desk with her.
“No, but those arrows and darts should show us what angle they’re at,” he said. He followed the direction the missiles had come from with his eyes. “There’s probably one up at that small window high on the far wall. He seems to be the one with the crossbow. Judging from how there’re so many more darts than crossbow bolts, I’d say there’s another one at that long window on the wall to our left. There seems to be three more at the stained glass window to our left, and one more bowman behind us.”
“You figured all that out from a couple darts and bolts?” Joyah asked incredulously.
“It’s just logic,” he said.
They’re using ranged weapons, Joyah thought, and they’ve taken out our archer. Tā māde niǎo. Maybe Mal could hit one with a knife, but they’d pin cushion him as soon as he shows his face. He needs a distraction.
“Jeff, on the count of three you run for that book case over there and I’ll run for the right wall,” she said quietly.
“But there’s no cover to our right,” Jeff protested. “We’d lose you too.”
“Mal needs a distraction so he can hit some of them with a knife. Then we’d no longer be surrounded,” Joyah whispered fiercely. “They aren’t firing anymore because they’re looking for one of us to move and do something stupid. We’ll just have to give them some.”
“Then why don’t we just chuck something?” Jeff said. “They’ll shoot that instead of us.”
Joyah felt rather stupid.
“Oh, yes.”
“What do we have to throw?” he asked. She thought for a moment.
“Addri leaves the return box full a lot. We can throw one of the books.”
She positioned herself bellow the part of the desk where the empty space for the return box would be. She closed her eyes and focused. Then she kicked up. Her foot went through the thin wood, making a nice hole. Lucky the return box was wood unlike the rest of the desk. She pulled her leg back just in case one of them had an angle to shoot at her.
“Here,” she muttered, shoving a book at Jeff.
The bang from her kicking in the return box had gotten Mal’s attention. She pointed at him and then at the window above the door. He shook his head. She pointed more fiercely. He gave her a look that clearly said ‘do you want me to get killed?’ She pointed to Jeff, hoping Mal would figure out that since it was Jeff’s plan they weren’t all going to die. He did and nodded.
“Get ready,” Joyah whispered. “One, two, three…” Jeff threw the book at the door. A bolt hit it before it had barely left his hand, almost hitting his fingers. Then a body landed with a wet thump on the floor near the door, the handle of a knife sticking out of his neck. “Nice throw,” Joyah breathed. “And I’m talking about Mal, not you,” she added.
Now she just had to figure out how to get Gilla out without being hit and Mal all the way across the library without him getting hit. That decoy wouldn’t work a second time, which didn’t matter since it didn’t give them enough time to do much of anything anyway. Joyah wished they had chosen to go hand to hand instead. It would have been so much easier that way.
 “I have a plan,” Jeff whispered. Joyah blinked.
 “Really?”
Jeff looked annoyed. 
“Don’t sound so surprised. They only have so many bolts and darts. Eventually they’ll all be used up, and then they’ll have to come to us.”
“You want us to draw their fire until they’re out,” she said. He nodded.
“We’ll have trouble taking them out hand to hand, but we’ll have no chance taking them out if they pin us down like this. There’re four of us, you, me, Archie, and Addri. If we make random runs they’ll have to guess which one of us will move next, so they won’t hit us as accurately.”
“Addri’s just a civilian,” she said. “He’d get hit too easily.”
“But he was once a gang member,” he pointed out. “You can’t be one without some skill. And we need as many people as we can get.”
“How many more bolts do you think they have?” Joyah asked. “Because if this takes too long we’ll lose a member. Gilla doesn’t have as strong a constitution as I do.” Jeff looked at Gilla.
“I don’t know. She’d be the more likely to know that.” He was quiet for a moment. “If we have a big enough distraction Mal could get her outside and stabilize her. That would have to do for now.”
A big distraction. Joyah frowned. They had nothing else that would be big enough to distract all six of the Assassins long enough for Mal to get Gilla outside. Unless…
“I have some Dragon Weed sticks,” Joyah said. “I could set something on fire.”
“We are not burning down the library,” Jeff said forcefully. “Do you know how old many of these books are?”
“I won’t burn down the library,” she said. “I’ll just set something on fire, like a table.”
“Alright,” Jeff said. “Mal will have to work his way slowly over to Gilla, and you’ll have to get to the far right wall so the distraction will be as far away from her as possible. Addri and I can run around randomly to make them confused. You can hide under that table over there and wait for Mal to hide under the front desk. Then you’ll light the table on fire and he’ll get Gilla outside.”
“Great,” Joyah said. “Let’s do it.”
“On your count run to tell this to Mal,” Jeff said. “I’ll tell the plan to Addri.”
“Why you tell him and not me?”
“Because you have better agility and Mal’s farther away. You ready?”
Joyah nodded.
“On my count. Ready? One, two, three…”
Joyah jumped out from under the desk and immediately went into a roll. Two darts went flying past her head, barely missing her. She finished the motion by coming to her feet and running again. She scooped up the bag with the Dragon Weed sticks and other herbs she had dropped on the way by. She zigzagged to make her path irregular so they’d have a harder time hitting their mark. Even with her irregular run they still had incredible aim, though. She had to dive to one side just short of Mal’s table to keep from being hit by a dart. It felt like missiles were coming from every direction. It was a miracle none of them hit her.
She rolled into the room they had slept in and glanced back at the door in time to see Jeff make a run for the table she would be setting on fire. A beat after he left the safety of the door Addri ran for the front desk. Addri made it without getting hit. Jeff was hit in the arm by a bolt, but it looked like it was just a scratch. Joyah grabbed Gilla’s pack off her cot. The spare bows and arrows were still attached to it, which was why she had grabbed it instead of the others. The pack would slow her down. Then again it would also protect her back. Plus they’d need some supplies.
Joyah peeked out the door. Addri saw her and made a run for a bookshelf. Joyah immediately sprinted out and slid under the table with Mal. A dart pinned one of her pants legs to the ground, taking off a piece of material as her slide made it rip.
“Aw man,” she said quietly as she examined the ragged hole. “These were new.” Mal cleared his throat.
“I believe you were going to tell me what hair-brained scheme you’ve come up with?”
“It’s Jeff’s hair-brained scheme, and yes I was,” Joyah answered. She told him the plan. He nodded.
“Then we’d better get going.”
Joyah positioned herself under the right side of the table. The table she was going to burn seemed so far away. Jeff wasn’t there anymore. He had run off farther into the library.
“You go for our room when I’m half way to the big bookshelf over there,” she whispered. He gave an almost nonexistent nod. She rolled out from under the table, shot to her feet off to her left, ran farther to her right, stopped before continuing to run right, and dove behind the bookshelf. Bolts and darts had been only inches away from hitting her the whole time. It was nerve-racking, but kind of exhilarating. It was like when she used to play manhunt with her cousins. She’d always win.
 She ducked to avoid a crossbow bolt aimed at her head, which brought her back to the present. The problem with bookshelves was that they only shielded her from two of the three windows. This one left her open to the crossbow man. Running feet sounded near her, and she turned to see Jeff. He dove behind her bookshelf and came to a stop next to her.
“Hey, I know something that might help you get to the table.”
“Mind telling me?” she said.
“Crossbows take time to reload,” he said. “I’ve been counting the intervals between when that guy shoots, and it’s around six seconds. If you run along the bookshelf across from you I can draw his fire, so when you get to the other side of the bookshelf you’ll have around six seconds of safety.” She nodded.
“Thanks.”
“No problem,” he said, and ran off again.
Joyah dropped to the ground as another bolt raced at her. It nearly nicked the top of her head. She started counting. One, two, three… If all went well Jeff would be drawing the fire now. Four five… And if not, well, too late for that. Six. She pushed off the ground, stepped out of cover, and rolled sideways. Two darts flew at her, one to either side. She slammed her elbow on the ground to stop her roll short before she rolled right into the dart. She hopped to her feet and bolted for the end of the bookshelf. She slid past it, pushed off the one next to it, and rolled back to the other side. She started counting again. Nothing shot at her before she was done, so Jeff’s plan must have been working. There were only two more bookshelves between her and the table.
She did this two more times, varying her dodging techniques to make herself a little less predictable. There were many close calls and a couple scratches, but finally she rolled under the table. She lay on her back under it and looked across the room towards where Mal should be. Sure enough he came running into view and dove behind a bookshelf near Gilla. He looked over at her and nodded. Time to make some fire.
She reached into the bag of herbs and took out a flint and a stick of Dragon Weed. She lit it, making sure to keep it far away from her. It burst into flame that threatened to scorch her hand even with the rest of the stick between them before dying down a little. It began to burn down at a scary rate. Joyah reached around and threw it onto the top of the table.
She had had some doubt as to whether the table would actually burn. After all, there was only one quickly diminishing stick of Dragon Weed with nothing else to kindle a large fire. She needn’t have worried, though, because apparently Dragon Weed had a strange ability to catch almost anything it touched for more than a few seconds on fire. It took only a moment for the table to begin to burn. Also, it hadn’t occurred to her that she would be lying under a burning table.
“Oh tā māde!” she choked.
Joyah rolled out from under the table and dove behind a bookshelf. She peered around it at the table. It was burning heartily. She was very glad the floor was not made out of wood. She looked past the flames just in time to see Mal carry Gilla out. He had taken his pack out of their room when he snuck out, so he’d be able to counter the poison. If it wasn’t too late.
She stood from her crouch to run again. On the way up something hit her pack. She looked over her shoulder to see a bolt sticking out of it. She hoped it hadn’t hit anything important. She had six seconds of safety. She ran along the bookcase, counting as she did. Once she hit six she dove to the other side of the next row, rolling to avoid darts from the other windows. She’d need to find Jeff to tell him that their plan was done and he didn’t have to draw fire for her anymore.
She worked her way deeper into the library. Finally she spotted Jeff. He was hiding with Addri in a staircase that led to the second level of the library. She put her back to a bookshelf, counting to six, and gave them a thumbs up. Jeff returned it. So far so good. Joyah pointed back towards the direction of the doors, signaling that they should work their way back to the front. He nodded and got ready to run.
Jeff sprinted out of his hiding spot and did an uneven zigzag towards Joyah. It was a different tactic than what Joyah used. She just rolled and jumped around. His strategy seemed to work, though. Or it would have if anything were fired at him.
Jeff stopped next to Joyah.
“They didn’t fire.”
Joyah frowned.
“Maybe they’re out.”
“Maybe,” he said. “It took them long enough. How many bolts did they have? It feels like they’ve been doing this forever.”
Joyah took a tentative step out, ready to dive out of the way at any motion. Nothing.
“I think they’re out,” she said. She walked out farther, still tensed to move. Still nothing. She turned around and drew her sword. “Yup, nothing. We should get back. We wouldn’t want to fight them here with so many things to hide behi-” Something pricked her side. Dizziness impaired her vision and she tottered sideways.
“Joyah!” Jeff cried. He dove forward and caught her. He dropped her a moment later and fell backwards into cover as another dart shot through the air he had been in a moment before.
Joyah shoved the dizziness away and sat up. Sure enough a dart was sticking into her side. Great, it had been a trap and she’d walked right into it. She rolled back into cover.
“Well, at least they must be getting low,” she said to Jeff as she pulled the dart from her side. “I don’t have much time. The last time I was poisoned it took a minute or so to take me down, and this one’s bound to be stronger.”
Jeff frowned. Then he motioned for Addri to come join them. Addri got to them without having to dodge more than one dart. He dropped to his knees beside Joyah.
“Are you all right?”
“Of course I’m not all right,” she snapped. “I’ve been poisoned. I’ve got less than a minute before I’m out.”
“They went for Joyah first because they know she’s the most dangerous in a fight,” Jeff told them. “Most likely they won’t go for her again because she won’t be any help until she gets to Mal. They’ll be shooting for us next, Addri, so if we draw fire then Joyah can run straight for the doors without trouble.”
Addri nodded. Joyah shook her head.
“There is no way I’m leaving you two behind to protect-”
“For goodness sakes, Joyah, you’re hurt!” Jeff said. “Put aside your honor for a moment and shut up! I am not losing my two best friends in the same hour. Ready Addri?” Addri nodded. “I’ll go first,” Jeff said. “Then Joyah, then Addri.”
Jeff left the cover at a run, immediately rolled forward, and ran off to their left. Addri motioned for Joyah to go ahead.
“Good luck.”
“You’re the one who’s going to need it,” Joyah said darkly. Then she too dove out of cover and started running.
Her roll was sloppy and her gait awkward. If they had been shooting at her she’d be dead. She could feel the effects of the poison slowing her down and offsetting her balance. Stupid poisons. This was embarrassing, and she couldn’t but help feeling like a coward. She was leaving her friends to be hunted down while she ran away and saved herself. As soon as she got an antidote she was charging back in there and helping them, no matter what Jeff said.
The first bolt came her way when she was just yards away from the door. Her old friend the crossbow man must have figured out their plan. She hid under the front desk. You and me again, Mr. Crossbow Man, she thought. Our little game of cat and mouse. But what if I’m the cat? She peered out under the desk across the room towards the bowman’s window, toying with the idea of taking him out. But her eyes wouldn’t focus that far. She could see a couple yards. After that everything went all blurry. Don’t be stupid, she thought. You can barely see. The door’s not far away. Get there, get well, and then get back in here. That’s the best way to help your friends. She agreed with herself, but she wasn’t going to like it.
The bowman was waiting for her, but that didn’t matter. Joyah was running out of time and the door was only a few feet away. She could make it. Hopefully. Focus, she thought. Center. Isn’t this what you’ve been training for your whole life?
No, she answered. I’ve been training to reach perfect balance for fun. I never thought I’d have to use it.
Whatever, she thought. Do it anyway.
She closed her eyes and focused her thoughts. The confusion and pain swirled away. Her internal energies stilled. Then she brought them together to form something hard and strong. She rolled into position and got ready to run. Then she thrust those energies forward in one large push. She pushed off from the ground, propelling herself forward. The bolt landed somewhere behind her. She crossed the distance in five seconds and got out the door as she counted six.
Joyah stopped outside the door, out of view from the bowman. Ha ha. She closed her eyes for a moment as the world started spinning again.
“I have her stable,” Mal’s voice said. Joyah opened her eyes to see Mal’s outline crouched beside something that looked like Gilla’s outline. “She’s not getting worse, but she won’t wake up in time to help. Where are the boys?”
Instead of answering Joyah tossed the dart down the steps.
“Oh,” he said. There were some ruffling noises and hands held her up, her back to the wall. “Don’t sit down. You need to stay awake. If you go unconscious then you won’t wake up in time to be of any use.”
Joyah struggled to keep her eyes open. Not that they could see much. “Just give me the freaking antidote,” she muttered. She wasn’t sure if he heard her, but it didn’t matter.
Something pricked her side. Very slowly the world stopped spinning and her vision started to clear up. She managed to focus on her side. Mal had poked her with another dart. “I put some of my antidotes in darts just in case poisons go too far in for it to enter the body through the mouth. If I was a real healer I could get you back into shape enough to finish fighting in this encounter, but I’m afraid I’m not. You’ll have to sit this one out.”
“What’re the chances of that happening?” she muttered.
“Not very likely,” he sighed.
Joyah pushed away from the wall and blinked her eyes. She could see far enough to make out the building across the street.
“If you try to fight and get hit with some poison again then you’ll be even more susceptible and I might not be able to save you,” Mal said half-heartedly. “Also you’re reactions and movements will be slower so you won’t be as effective. I advise you not to go.”
She wasn’t listening. She peeked around the door into the library.
Addri was running towards the door.
“They’re out,” he called to her. “And I’m positive this time. They’re not at the windows anymore.” 
“Where’s Jeff?” she asked. “Haven’t seen him,” he said. He stopped and turned to look back. “Look, there.”
Jeff had come skidding into view as soon as Addri turned around.
“Keep going!” he yelled.
“Jeff, look out!” Joyah cried, starting to run (if you could call it a run) towards him. A black shadow had dropped from one of the bookshelves behind him and was bringing her dagger down towards his neck. He turned in time to catch her dagger with his blade. He stepped to one side and hooked her hand guard with his. His momentum ripped it from her hand so it went skittering across the room to stop near Addri. Only now she was standing between him and the door. To make matters worse another black figure stepped out of the shadows behind him. He turned to keep the new attacker from killing him when the first one drew out another knife to stab him in the back.
Addri picked up the dagger and threw it across the room. It buried itself to the hilt in the Assassin’s back. Joyah stopped and stared at Addri. Jeff dodged out of the way of his first attacker, who fell into his second attacker. Jeff continued his run towards the front doors.
“Go!” he yelled.
Joyah grabbed Addri and pushed him towards the door.
“Come on!” she yelled back.
Jeff drew even with her and grabbed her arm, dragging her to the door with him. Once outside he turned and slammed the door shut behind him.
“That won’t stop them,” Mal said.
“I know,” Jeff answered. “But we’ll know if they come out this way.”
“We’ve got to get going,” Joyah said. “Addri, do you think you can carry Gilla?”
He nodded and slung her over his shoulder. It was lucky she weighed almost nothing. Though after seeing him throw that knife she knew he was definitely more fit and dangerous than he seemed.
“Jeff, lead the way out of here,” she instructed. “Mal, stay near the back and keep a watch for Assassins. There’re still five of them left.”
They ran along the main road, careful to keep near the center so no one could sneak up on them. They made it to the gate without incident, though the stillness was making Joyah uneasy. With her recently poisoned and Addri carrying Gilla the Assassins should have caught up to them by now. When they got to the gate Joyah understood.
“It’s closed,” she said unnecessarily.
Jeff slapped a hand to his forehead.
“Of course it’s closed! I’m so stupid not to have thought of it before! Cities always close their gates at night and open them in the morning.” They knew we’re trapped, she thought. That’s why they haven’t attacked yet. They know we’re not going anywhere.
 “Is there any other way out?” she asked the two boys. Addri shook his head. Jeff thought really hard.
“There’s the sewers, but that would be almost impossible to get through with Gilla.”
“It’s better than nothing, right?” Joyah said. Addri shook his head again.
“The sewers have bars on the end. They don’t want crooks getting into the city through them. I managed to squeeze through a couple times when I was younger, but we’re all too big now.”
Joyah looked up at the wall. High above them she could just barely make out a blurry image of a torch.
“There’s someone up there,” she said in surprise.
“They patrol the walls at nights as well as at day,” Jeff said. “It’s just as easy to be attacked when the moon’s up as when the sun is. Not that anyone would attack here.”
“What if we asked them to open it for us?” Addri asked. Jeff snorted.
“Yes, that’s a good idea. Hey, friendly guard! We’re just three random bloodied and injured people with drawn swords being chased by a super guild! Would you please open the gates?”
“We’d need someone who’d listen to us,” Joyah said, still trying to bring the top of the wall into focus. “They’d only need to open a bit so we can slip through.”
“Joyah, I was being sarcastic,” Jeff said. “No one in their right mind would open it for us.”
As if on cue the gates gave a soft creak and slowly began to open. They looked at each other in bewilderment.
“Did someone hear us?” Joyah guessed.
“No way,” Jeff said. “The wall’s way too high for that.” Addri elbowed Jeff in the ribs.
“No one in their right minds would open for us, huh?”
Mal grabbed Jeff and Joyah’s collars and pushed them to the ground. A dagger flew over their heads and away into the darkness. He dragged them to their feet again.
“Through the gate,” he muttered and pushed them that way. Addri went first, carrying Gilla out. Joyah and Jeff backed up towards the opening with Mal, keeping their eyes open.
“I don’t see them,” Joyah said. “And it’s probably not from my lack of vision.”
“Which is why you two need to go while I cover you,” he said. “I can see them and my life isn’t as valuable as yours.” Jeff looked at him sharply.
“Says who?”
“Look out!” Joyah yelled. She leaped forward and intercepted a sword coming down at Jeff’s head. She could barely make out the outline of the sword’s owner. She could see a shadow of a crossbow attached to the outline’s back. Finally she had come face-to-face with Mr. Crossbow Man. She deflected the blade low. She drew back and lunged towards the outline’s chest. The outline deflected her lunge to the side and thrust towards her neck in the same motion. She side stepped it and brought her sword back to the ready for another attack. Before she got the chance her attacker came in high, then low. She blocked each and started to get annoyed. This must be how most people fought. She felt slow and her attacker felt fast. She didn’t like it.
“Go through the gate,” she said to Jeff, who was fighting someone else. She kicked his attacker in the stomach and then hit Jeff in the chest with her elbow, shoving him through the gate. She and Mal put their backs to the closing hole, keeping the attackers away from it.
“Go,” she told him. “I’ll hold them off.” He didn’t budge.
“You go.”
“Don’t waste time,” she snapped.
“Oh for goodness sakes,” Jeff said from the other side. He reached back through and grabbed at them. He got Mal by the back of his tunic and yanked him backwards. Joyah stepped sideways so her back was to the hole and parried a sword.
“Come on!” Jeff said.
“I’m having a little trouble here!” Joyah said through gritted teeth. Before she might have been able to hold off her attackers enough to get through the hole, but at her slowed state she could not.
“Hold still,” Mal said calmly. A dagger flew past her ear to burry itself into the throat of the shadow in front of her. The shadow flung out his arms, knocking into the two shadows to either side of him. Mr. Crossbow Man was no more. Joyah turned sideways and squeezed through the hole right before the gates boomed shut.
“We must get a head start before they climb the wall,” Mal said. “Once we get into the forest they’ll have trouble finding us. They’re trained to work in cities, not forests.”
“They did okay before,” Jeff muttered. Addri pulled something white off the back of the gate. “What’s that?” Jeff asked.
“Later,” Joyah said. “We’re going.”
Joyah led them off the road and through the forest. She managed to keep track of where they were compared to the road and castle with her limited forestry, which wasn’t easy at night and with her reduced vision. After stumbling along on roots and rocks for what seemed for forever they finally collapsed. Knowing none of the guys would wake her for watch Joyah tried to stay awake, but she couldn’t keep herself upright any longer. She dropped sideways and fell asleep.


Chapter 12
Hunted


“I can’t believe I was out during all of this,” Gilla complained. “Do you know how much I could have done? Do you know how many butts I could have kicked if I’d been up and running? But no, I had to be the victim who gets shot to show the situation is serious.”
“That’s why they targeted you,” Jeff said. “They knew you’d cause the most damage.”
When Joyah had woken up that morning they had moved farther away from the city before making camp. Gilla was awake by then and not happy that she had missed all the action the past night.
“It still isn’t fair,” Gilla continued. “If they find us I’m going to kick their butts!”
“Let’s hope they don’t find us,” Joyah said grimly. “We’re not in a good shape to take them right now.” Gilla scowled.
“You’re a ray of sunshine this morning. We wouldn’t do that badly.”
That was true, but it would be better not to face anyone at all.
“You didn’t have to deal with the after effects of Miss Faulet’s betrayal last night,” Joyah said darkly. Immediately she wished she hadn’t. Gilla’s mood went from comically indignant to grim. Mal and Addri turned away, but not before she saw the pain in their faces. She cursed herself for reminding them of it. “I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have brought that up.”
Addri turned back to her, managing a false, weak smile.
“We can’t pretend it didn’t happen.”
“Maggie,” Mal croaked. “Why would she do it? We were friends when we were young, you know. She was like a sister to me, or more. We were inseparable before I joined the guild.” The four teens looked at each other awkwardly. They didn’t know what to say.
Jeff broke the silence first.
“I owe you an apology,” he said to Addri. “I thought the traitor was you. I’m sorry.”
Addri smiled again, only this one was real.
“I know. Don’t worry about it, I thought it was you.”
Mal looked at Gilla.
“If we’re all giving apologies then I have one for you. I thought it was you.”
“You thought it was Gilla?” Jeff said, incredulous. “Why?”
“It’s easy to see why,” Mal said. “I didn’t know her like I did you two. The only times I saw her before she came in with you was while passing the archery range. She wasn’t with us when we were attacked and I didn’t know you two well enough to fully trust your judgment of her.” Gilla shrugged.
“That’s okay; I thought it was you for almost the same reasons.”
“Did anyone suspect Joyah?” Addri asked. They looked at each other, all of them shaking their heads. Joyah was kind of touched.
“None of you thought it was me?”
“Well you are the one carrying the jewel,” Gilla said.
“And you’re the one with the Journey,” Addri said. Gilla did a double take.
“Wait, you know what this Journey thing is? But we just met you!”
“And you’re just that kind of person,” Jeff said. “It’s easy to see, even with so little time. You’re a leader.”
“That was a pretty bad couple of days,” Addri said. “We were getting all paranoid with each other, and one of the two people no one suspected was the real traitor.” Addri and Mal turned melancholy again.
“Let’s never do that again,” Gilla agreed. “I say we make an oath on that.” They all looked at her.
“What?”
“Look, everyone here has proven themselves to us,” she said. “We’ve been through more together than most people do in their lifetimes, and we’ve only been out here for, what? A week or two? I think that’s pretty trust worthy. So let’s make an oath. Here, everyone hold hands.”
They took each other’s hands. Joyah found herself between Jeff and Gilla, the two who had been with her from the start. Gilla looked seriously at each of the faces around her.
“We take an oath that we can and will trust everyone in this circle and they can trust us. We will never again doubt anyone here. We stay by each other and are loyal to each other until this journey, whatever that is, is ended. And I say we trust each other even after that. Friends for life.”
They all nodded. Joyah gave her two best friend’s hands a squeeze before letting go.
They started packing up camp, getting ready to travel to… wherever.
“We still don’t know where we’re going,” Joyah said. Her friends looked at her. “The whole point of coming to Laar was to find out where a village that could still remember where the Sanctuary is might be.”
“Wait, what sanctuary?” Addri asked.
“Hey, I actually know this one!” Gilla said happily.
“The jewel was part of the Connarist Necklace, one of the most powerful relics that ever existed,” Joyah said.
“How come he gets explanations right away?” Gilla complained. Joyah continued.
“It has the power to conquer all evil in this world. If the Assassins guild gets it they could use it to rule as tyrants.” She told him about the Connarist, the Sanctuaries, and the race for the pieces of the necklace. He looked more and more worried as she talked.
“Wow. This is a lot bigger than I thought it was.”
“What I was saying is that we’re no closer to finding the Sanctuary than when we started,” Joyah said. “We know it’s somewhere along the river, but the river’s really long. Plus the village could be so far away from the river we’d never see it through the trees.”
“Hey, do you remember when I said my family are mapmakers?” Addri asked.
“Yes,” said Joyah.
Addri pulled a roll of paper out of his backpack and handed it to her. She unrolled it. It was a very old map of the Gorem forest and mountains. Streaks of blue showed water ways ranging from the Gorem River to tiny tributaries barely visible. Large X’s showed cities, dots showed towns, and some tiny dots showed…
“Are those villages?” Joyah asked. Gilla leaned to look over her shoulder.
“But maps don’t show villages. They’re too small, and we don’t even know all of them.”
“This one does,” Addri said. “My family has been traveling all over the Middle Kingdom for centuries, finding features and villages no one knew about and writing them down. No one knew about it but us. And look,” he pointed to a speck in the mountains near a river. “This might be the village you’re looking for.”
“I can’t believe it!” Joyah shrieked. “This is great! This solves everything! Why didn’t you show us this before!?”
“It’s a family secret,” he said. “Miss Faulet didn’t even know about this. I think this situation is a little more important than a family secret. Oh, and one more thing. The guild can’t see or know about this. With a map like this in their hands they could get wherever they want.”
“We’re already protecting one object,” Joyah said. “One more shouldn’t be too hard.”
“But they can’t even look at it,” he said. “If one of them has a photographic memory, one glimpse and they could use it to get wherever they need to go.” Gilla nodded.
“So, keep map away from enemy eyes and jewel away from enemy hands. Got it.”
Joyah held the map up so Gilla could get a better look at it.
“Can you get us there?”
Gilla studied the map again. 
“I think so,” she said slowly. “It won’t be an easy journey, and it’s a couple days away, but I think I could get there. I won’t be able to without the map, though.”
“Then you carry it,” Addri said, taking it from Joyah and giving it to Gilla.
Gilla led the way. Joyah tried to describe to her what she thought their basic area was. Gilla took it from there.
“It won’t be easy finding exactly where we are,” she said. “But if we get to this tributary,” she pointed to a tiny blue vein on Addri’s map, “We should be able to follow it upwards until we get to this road.” She pointed to a small brown thread. “Then we’ll have a better idea of where we are.”
After a half a mile or so Jeff spoke up.
“Hey Addri, what was that piece of paper you took from the gate?”
“It’s a note,” he said. “From the person who opened the gate for us.” Addri dug the note out of his pack.
Joyah took it. It was written in common. She read it out loud.
“I still hate you for humiliating me, but I just saw someone die for the first time. I figured out they’re the bad guys, but it still was a shock. I know now there’s something bigger going on here, something bigger than me and my grudge against you guys. Good luck.”
She looked up at her friends, seeing her own surprise reflected in their faces.
“Is that it?” Gilla asked.
“No,” Joyah said. “There’s a P.S. addressed to me. It says: To that red head girl. I shouldn’t have tried to get you with that kill shot. I didn’t know what it was really like to kill someone or see someone die. I do now. Still, if you ever come back to Laar I’ll make you wish you hadn’t.” She looked at them again. “I think James just apologized, kind of.”
“An apology and a threat,” Gilla said. “That’s some progress, right?”
“You four should be a little less preoccupied with the petty squabbles of a spoiled boy and pay a little more attention to your surroundings,” Mal said quietly. “Every time the guild catches you it’s because you spend too much time talking and not enough time keeping an eye out.” Joyah glared at him over her shoulder.
“I’m always paying attention.”
“Yes, the number of times they’ve ambushed you and your friends supports your cause, Miss Pain,” Mal said wryly.
Joyah’s scowl deepened. She would have kept arguing, but he was right. She had let her guard slip way too much.
“I hate to ruin your point, Archie, but there’s something we do need to talk about,” Jeff said.
“What?” Mal asked.
“Our supplies,” Jeff said. “We only have two backpacks. We have enough medical supplies, but we only have two canteens and not enough food.”
“The food shouldn’t be much trouble,” Gilla said. “If we run low I can go hunting.”
“Do we have thread?” Joyah asked.
“Thread?” Jeff repeated.
“Yes,” Joyah said. “Once Gilla shoots something I can sew a water skin. We can’t stop in towns or cities anymore for supplies. They keep finding us there.”
“Agreed,” Jeff said. “And Archie has some thread.”
“Finally, I have some friends who can actually do things,” Addri said.
“You haven’t had capable friends before?” Joyah asked. He smirked.
“A street gang has either thugs or thieves. They can’t do much else.”
Their supplies problem was far from settled, but it was the best they could do then. Joyah made a mental note that if she were to ever have another adventure after this one was over she would be a little more careful with their stuff. Then she put the problem out of her mind and concentrated on keeping watch.
A little after noon it began to rain again. The black clouds blocked out the sun, making everything shadowy. The rain ran down into their eyes. It plastered their hair across their faces. All in all it was the worst conditions to spot an ambush. Luckily for them there were none by the time they reached the tributary. It was around the same size as the stream near Joyah’s village when it wasn’t flooded.
Gilla bent over the edge of the stream.
“It’s flooded over its banks to about twice its normal size from the rain we’ve been getting,” she called over the wind. “It’s still pretty shallow.”
“Do we need to ford it?” Joyah yelled above the storm.
Gilla screwed up her face in thought as she tried to picture the map in her mind. The rain would ruin it if she took it out.
“No, I don’t think so. Besides, it’s moving too fast to ford anyway. All this rain is turning little streams into big fast ones. I’d hate to think about what would happen to a river.”
“Luckily we don’t have to worry about that,” Joyah said. “Could we get back on track, please?”
Gilla led the way along the stream bed, moving up hill.
“I think there’s a tunnel under the road for the stream to go under, so we’ll be able to cross up there,” she called over her shoulder. “Try not to step in the water. It’ll take your foot right out from under… Jeff!” Joyah whipped around in time to see Mal drag Jeff up and away from the stream. “Didn’t I just say not to step in it?!” Gilla yelled at him.
“I didn’t mean to,” Jeff said irritably. “My foot slipped.”
“Well be more careful!” she yelled. “The last thing we need is to try to pull one of you city kids out of the river because you’re too clumsy to keep out of it yourself!” She turned and stormed on. Jeff looked hurt.
 “Just because she can walk blindfolded through a forest she acts like I’m an incompetent idiot.”
“You aren’t an incompetent idiot,” Addri said. “If anyone ever thinks that you are, just tell them about the library.” Jeff missed the look on Addri’s face, but Joyah didn’t. Respect. The last person she would have guessed Addri to respect would be Jeff, considering he was a Constable’s son, but apparently his actions at the library had changed things. As they continued walking she thought back to the library. They wouldn’t have made it out alive if it weren’t for Jeff.
They caught up to Gilla near a large boulder sitting on the bank of the stream. She was leaning around it to look farther up.
“The boulder’s blocking our way,” she called over the wind. “The stream’s on one side and there’s a thick patch of thorns on the other side.”
“So we have to ford the river?” Joyah asked. Gilla shook her head.
“This is a particularly fast section. It would yank our feet out from under us. We could just jump it if it was the normal size, but you know, rain. How well do you four climb?”
Joyah walked up to the boulder and shielded her eyes from the rain to look up at the top.
“It would be hard. There aren’t many handholds, and the rain’s making it slippery.”
“I hate rain,” Addri said. Joyah continued.
 “But I think I could make it. It’s not that high. How about you guys?”
“I can do it,” Jeff said, shooting a glare at Gilla that made Joyah wonder if he really could or just didn’t want to look incompetent.  Mal shrugged.
“I have climbed worse.”
“I… I don’t know if I can,” Addri grumbled. He did not look happy at having to admit this. Joyah and Gilla exchanged a glance. There would be no way out of this without hurting Addri’s pride.
“We can help you up,” Joyah said. “Being outside your element doesn’t make you an idiot, remember?” He looked a little less unhappy from this remark. That was the best they were going to get.
Gilla went up first. She perched on the top of the boulder to help the next person, who was Joyah. Joyah’s foot slipped once, but she managed to catch herself before she kicked Jeff. He was coming up behind her. Gilla moved aside to let her pass and reached to help Jeff up the rest of the way. He ignored her and pulled himself up farther. Addri started climbing bellow him.
Then Jeff slipped. Gilla snatched his wrist to keep him from falling, but not before he had bumped Addri. Addri was barely holding on as it was and lost his grip. Jeff turned and grabbed his arm to keep him from sliding off the rock into the shallow water. Joyah’s heart was in her throat the whole time. Since she had been starting to head down the other side there was no way for her to help.
Luckily Mal was on the ground. He grabbed Addri and pulled him back onto land at the base of the rock. Gilla pulled Jeff up the rest of the way. Joyah let out a sigh of relief. She lowered herself the rest of the way down. Her heart was still going a million miles an hour. That could have been a disaster. Luckily after that everyone got to the other side safely. Gilla came off the boulder last, hopping down to land easily on the soppy ground. She looked at Jeff, who was avoiding everyone else’s eyes, and turned back to Joyah.
“So, onward?”
Joyah nodded, thankful the other girl had shown some wisdom and hadn’t talked about what had happened on the rock.
As evening came the rain slowed and then stopped. Gilla was able to take out the map and see why they hadn’t gotten to the road yet.
“I’m not the best at reading maps, but I think we won’t get there by tonight. If Joyah’s right about where we were then we should get there by noon tomorrow.”
“Then we should stop soon for the night,” Joyah said. “It’s getting too dark to be safe, especially if we’re not going to get there today anyway.” Also we’re going to need a group talk, Joyah thought at Gilla. You and Jeff are going to need to settle this before we go any further. You’re going to need to start figuring out how to get along in each other’s element. Addri has, and he hasn’t even been with us for very long. “Do you think you could find a little more sheltered area for us to stop?” she asked Gilla. Gilla nodded and disappeared into the woods.
Five minutes later they were making a small shabby tent out of blankets the way Vily had shown them. They only had two, so one became the floor and the other was the roof. They had almost finished when it happened.
Gilla made a remark on how Jeff hadn’t clipped his corner of the roof well enough. She probably hadn’t meant it to sound snide, but it did. He snapped.
“Would you stop talking to me like I’m stupid?! I’m so sick of you acting like I’m five!”
“I do not!” Gilla said, looking like she was ready to beat someone up.
“Yes you do!” Jeff retorted. “And not even always out loud! I’ve seen the looks you two share whenever I mess up.” He pointed at Gilla and Joyah. Joyah was shocked. She had not expected him to be mad at her too. “You two get frustrated. ‘Oh look, here’s something else we’re going to need to get that stupid city kid past.’ Do you even stop to think that you’re just as difficult to deal with in the city?”
“Of course I get frustrated!” Gilla yelled. “Do you think it’s easy, dragging you two half way across Gorem forest?!” Joyah blinked in surprise. She’d said ‘you two.’ She was upset with Joyah too? “I tell you to do something and you don’t do it!” Gilla said, oblivious to Joyah’s shock. “I’m busy finding the best path and not getting lost and watching for natural disasters and keeping an eye out for an ambush, and all the while I’m worrying one of you will get hurt on something I’ve taken for granted because I don’t know what you can or cannot do because it’s been so long since I couldn’t do all these things!”
“And you don’t think I worry too?!” Jeff cut in. “I’m expected to find the way to everything in the cities while you two have no idea of what’s going on! You could get lost in a crowd or pickpocketed or jumped while I’m busy trying to find my way!” Joyah had expected to be able to jump in and play mediator when this happened, but apparently she was a part of the problem. She had no idea what to do.
“Will you two listen to each other?” Addri asked, standing up to get their attention. “You both have the same problems and yet you have no sympathy for each other! You both need to respect your separate parts in this Journey.” Everyone looked confused. He sighed. “I can’t believe none of you get this. Look, we’re all here for a reason. Other than being Joyah’s friends we have something that she needs to make it all the way.” Joyah did not like the way this was going. He was making it sound like they were just tools she was using. They were so much more than that.
Addri continued. “Look, Gilla, you’re a little frustrated sometimes because Jeff has no skill in forestry. But he’s not supposed to. If you haven’t noticed he has a lot of street knowledge. A lot more than any one of us. Plus while you were out cold in the library he came up with a plan that got us all out and saved our lives. And Jeff, maybe you should listen to Gilla a little more while we’re in the forest and not get discouraged when you mess up. It’s her job to get us through in one piece. You’ve got your talents elsewhere. Okay?”
The group was silent as they soaked all of that in. Gilla spoke first.
“Wow, you just went on a rant worthy of Joyah.”
Joyah looked at her sharply.
“What’s that supposed to mean?!”
They ignored her.
“Well apparently I’m the only person here who sees the big picture!” Addri said. “Do you get it now?”
“At least a little,” Jeff said. He looked at Gilla. “I’m sorry I snapped at you.” Gilla shook her head, looking a little abashed.
“No, I should be sorry.”
Mal cocked his head and spoke to Addri.
“You said we all had a part in Joyah’s Journey. What did you mean?”
Addri thought about it.
“It’s weird. It’s almost like fate, like something picked out certain people that have to play a part in her Journey, even if it’s a small one, and put them there at the right place and the right time to-” 
Addri staggered forward, his expression shocked. Joyah jumped to her feet when she saw why. A dagger was sticking out of his back. She drew her sword and jumped between Addri and the direction the dagger had come from, ready for anything. She didn’t know how being recently poisoned would affect her, other than having a headache and feeling rather weak, but between her or Addri getting hit again she’d choose her. 
Jeff grabbed Addri and held him upright. The other boy’s face was white with pain, but he hadn’t passed out yet. That said something for his endurance.
“Go, get going,” Joyah said. “Gilla, lead the way.”
Gilla, bow fully drawn, walked carefully towards the river. She watched the trees as she went. Joyah was next, Jeff followed with Addri, and Mal brought up the rear. They were nearly there when the first Assassin appeared.
He stepped out of the shadows next to Gilla. It was luck that she so happened to be facing the right way at the time. Otherwise she wouldn’t have reflexively shot him and saved her life. Joyah wasn’t surprised. She actually was wondering why the Assassins hadn’t found them sooner. She stepped between Addri and another Assassin. This put her out of range to help Gilla if she got in trouble in such a close fight, but she had to have faith that the other girl would be able to take care of herself. She parried a sword and faked a slash at her opponent’s temporarily exposed throat. She turned it into a hit from her sword handle at the last moment, catching the woman on the chest and knocking her backwards. Normally she would have followed through and finished it, but they needed speed.
“If you can, Addri, you need to run for it,” she murmured. “Jeff will protect you.”
Most normal people would not have been able to move quickly with a dagger sticking into their back. She didn’t know how Addri did, but her opinion of him went up when he managed to run for the tributary. Jeff stayed with him like Joyah had instructed, ready to stop anyone who might challenge them. Joyah turned and kicked the man fighting Mal.
“Come on,” she said. The three of them flanked Addri.
For Joyah the main problem of fighting the Assassins wasn’t the actual fighting part. The problem was that they kept popping up to stab them at unexpected times. She was almost skewered by a woman who stabbed at her back. Mal managed to intercept the blade with his own before it reached her. Gilla, who was running next to the river, fired an arrow over his shoulder to hit the wrist of a man ready to backstab him.
Finally Addri staggered and almost fell. He couldn’t go any farther. Gilla looked up the trail as they all skidded to a stop.
“I think we’re almost to the road,” she whispered so only they could hear. Joyah and Jeff leaped to engage opponents. “If we can make it there then there’s a village farther along.”
“How far?” Jeff panted as he lunged at his opponent. Gilla looked stressed.
 “I don’t know! You’re better at reading maps then I am.”
“Great,” Joyah muttered.
She kicked an Assassin into the river. He was dragged away on the rocky bottom. Instead of another one taking his place a dagger was thrown randomly at her, followed by another one from a different angle after an uneven amount of time. It was like swatting wasps. Unused to this new tactic it took almost all of her concentration to knock aside ones that would hit her friends and dodge ones that wouldn’t. Gilla absently shot the guy fighting Jeff. So, he started helping Joyah deflect daggers.
“How many of these things do they have?” Joyah said, frustrated with how many she was failing to deflect. Mal had managed to stop those, but that was no excuse for her mistakes. The daggers stopped coming, but Joyah didn’t let her guard down. “We have to keep moving,” Joyah said. “We’ll have a better shot once we get to the road.”
Mal nodded, sheathed his daggers, and picked up Addri. Addri protested, but no one was listening.
“Will you be able to move?” Jeff asked doubtfully. Mal gave him a stern look.
“I may be old but I’m not weak.”
Definitely not, Joyah silently agreed. She doubted he would have trouble doing anything because of his age.
Their progress was slower now, but that didn’t make much of a difference since they weren’t attacked.
“They’re waiting,” Mal said. “Planning for the right moment to attack. Under no circumstances should any of you let your guard slip, even if they don’t attack for a week.” Joyah scowled. She’d hunt them all down before she let them stalk her for a week.
After what felt forever Gilla finally glimpsed something.
“Look, there it is!”
Joyah peered up again.
“There what is?”
Gilla looked confused. She pointed up farther down the tributary.
“Up there. I see the road.”
“I don’t,” Joyah said.
“Do you, Jeff?”
He shook his head.
 “No.”
“Well I do,” Gilla said, annoyed. “It’s right up there. It’s brown, and bendy, and-”
“Behind you,” Mal said calmly. Immediately Joyah and her two friends dropped into a crouch. Swords cleaved the area where their heads had been a moment before. “I said not to let your guard slip,” Mal said.
Joyah ignored him. She brought her sword up and hooked the hilts together above her head so the person couldn’t draw his sword back. Gilla stepped back and shot her own opponent. He took the hit in the side and kept coming. Joyah twisted her body and hit her opponent’s ankle. It pushed him off balance and sent him stumbling into the guy attacking Gilla. Joyah rolled backwards so she put herself in front of Gilla and next to Jeff.
“Keep going,” she said to Mal. They started moving forward. Joyah ended up taking the rear, Jeff took the side closest to the forest, and Gilla was ready to shoot anyone coming.
Finally Joyah spotted a sliver of road up ahead. The efforts of the Assassins seemed to double, which she assumed was because they would lose their greatest advantage in the open space. Joyah found herself attempting to keep two of them at bay while moving backwards. She slid one blade down to one side and brought her sword back into a defensive position in the same motion to barely deflect the other one’s dagger.
She came down hard on the swordsman’s arm to knock it away and came up high in a thrust towards the knife fighter’s throat. Her blow didn’t land anywhere close, though, due to her stumbling over a rock and then stepping on a dead Assassin. The dead Assassins had arrows sticking out of various body parts. She stopped the knife fighter’s dagger while her balance was off and turned sideways to avoid the other’s sword.
“Would you please warn me next time you take one of them down?!” she yelled at Gilla.
“Yes, next time I’m focusing on keeping our path cleared I will definitely use up some of my concentration to remember to tell you when someone goes down,” Gilla answered sarcastically.
“Just do it,” Joyah snapped. “Tripping on someone could get me killed.”
Mud squished under her boot. Her opponents faded away into the forest. Joyah looked around. They had made it to the road. That didn’t explain why the Assassins had retreated, though. They’d have to fight them in the open eventually. Then she looked farther up the trail and understood.
“It’s flooded,” she said. “The tributary’s flooded the road.”
Jeff walked over to the road. He dropped to one knee to examine it.
“The water undermined the ditch under the road, so it caved in.”
“Is there any way around it?” Joyah asked. She kept her eyes on the forest around them, ready for anything.
Gilla walked over to the edge of the road and peered into each side of the forest.
“Not unless we jump. Care to try?”
Joyah glared at the forest.
 “No. Enough with the sarcasm already! We need to be serious.”
“I am serious,” Gilla said. “It’s just hard to see it beyond the sarcasm, which I can’t help.”
“Could there be a way across farther on?” Jeff asked.
“Possibly,” Gilla said. “A tree could have fallen over the tributary or there might be a thinner area, but there’s no guarantee and I think it wouldn’t be a good idea to go back into the forest. They lose their advantage on open ground like this without any cross bows.”
Joyah had an idea. She backed up so she stood right next to her friends.
“Where would the best place for Gilla to defend?” she asked quietly. Gilla shrugged.
“High places are good, and open space is easy to hit someone in.”
“It would be best to at least have one barrier she could put her back to so no one can get in close,” Jeff said. “If you want to make a stand, then this is the best place.”
“I don’t,” Joyah whispered. “But I’m tired of running. I want Mal to do what he can for Addri here while Gilla defends them.” Jeff looked like he had a good idea of what she was going to say and was dreading the answer.
“And what are we going to be doing?”
Joyah grinned nastily at the forest.
“We’re going hunting.”

Gilla shot a flaming arrow into the sky to attract the Assassin’s attentions somewhere else, at least for a second. As soon as she did Joyah stepped quietly into the woods. She scanned the woods around her while keeping an eye on Jeff. He was a couple yards to her left, being a lot less quiet than she was. He needed to attract anyone close to them without bringing them all down on their heads. He was doing a rather good job of it. Most likely his natural walk through the forest was as loud as they needed him to be.
Joyah saw the first one drop out of a tree behind him, landing softly on the muddy ground. Joyah quietly rose from her crouch and stepped forward. The Assassin must have heard or felt her there, because he turned almost in time to stop her blade. Almost. She yanked her sword out of his side and couldn’t help but feel a little relish.
“That was for Addri.”
Jeff scowled.
“Why can’t you be the bait?”
“Because I’m quieter than you,” she answered. “Keep going. We’ve probably got four left to get.”
The next Assassin they encountered stood up only a couple feet from Joyah. She had to stop herself from jumping. She hadn’t seen the woman at all! The Assassin moved quietly up behind Jeff. Joyah doubted that this time he even knew the Assassin was there. The woman raised her sword to stab him in the back. Joyah couldn’t help but smile a little. The Assassin was doing what she had done. It was almost as if they were using the same tactics. Her smile faded. What if they were using the same tactics? That would mean there would be another one behind…
“Look out!” Joyah yelled as she whipped around and dropped into a crouch. She barely managed to avoid an Assassin who was sneaking up behind her like she had been sneaking up on the Assassin sneaking up on Jeff. That was way too much sneaking. She hoped Jeff had been able to react in time as she knocked away her attacker’s sword.
She launched herself up and hit the guy in the jaw. He turned his head in time to make it a glancing blow. He stumbled back and out of range. It gave him time to catch his balance before she could attack him again. Joyah dodged in hard and dropped low under his sword. She came up so the handle of his sword bounced off her shoulder. At such a close distance their swords weren’t very good. Joyah hadn’t only trained herself in swordplay. She grabbed his wrist, twisting it so his sword fell to the ground.
He struck out with his free hand and hit her sword arm. Immediately her arm broke into pins and needles and her sword dropped from her grip. So, she wasn’t the only one trained in unarmed combat. As soon as she could she really needed to figure out how he did that. No time for that now, though. In her momentary distraction he had pulled his wrist out of her grip and went for his sword. She stepped on the blade and snapped a kick at his knee.
He sidestepped and returned her attack with a punch. She blocked it and open hand punched his chest, which landed. With him momentarily off balance she kicked him again, this time in the stomach. This landed too. His breath whooshed out. He seemed to struggle to keep himself from doubling over. She finished it with a punch to his head. He dropped to the ground with his sword.
Joyah grabbed her sword and turned to help Jeff. There was no real need. He had apparently gotten the weaker of the two fighters and finished her only shortly after Joyah. She noticed some red on the side of his tunic.
“Are you okay? You’re bleeding.”
“I’ve had worse,” Jeff said, grinning as he quoted her. She glowered. “No, really, it’s not bad,” he said. “She just nicked me. I’ll be fine.” The last person who had told her they’d be fine was Gilla, and she’d collapsed from blood loss. Joyah sighed and decided she’d have to trust Jeff on the basis that he had more sense than Gilla.
“There’s one more out there,” Joyah said. “He or she will have heard the fight. We need to get out of here before he or she finds us.”
“Unless Gilla took him or her out,” Jeff pointed out. She shook her head.
“They’re too smart for that. I’m guessing they’d take us out first so they could surround Gilla without having to worry about us sneaking up on them.”
It took them a couple of minutes to find the last Assassin. It was luck that allowed Joyah to spot her. She glanced up just as the woman moved her head to look over her shoulder. Joyah focused in on the movement until she could barely make out the shape of the Assassin. The woman was perched in a tree above them. The woman looked back at Joyah, and although she could not see her face past the hood she was sure that their eyes met.
Joyah opened her mouth to shout a warning to Jeff, but the woman tossed something down on her. It was some sort of powder that got in her eyes and mouth and made her choke. She stumbled backwards to keep the woman from jumping down on her as she rubbed her eyes. She looked down at the powder on her hands. It was just dirt.
The woman lunged at Joyah. She barely avoided it by side-stepping out of the way. Her hand went for her sword, but she knew she’d never get to it in time. She opened her mouth to call for Jeff, but the woman threw more dirt at her, making her choke again. Stop doing that! Joyah thought. This was annoying! She rolled backwards to avoid the woman’s next attack. Joyah had an idea. She didn’t need her mouth to call for Jeff. She just needed to make noise. Joyah opened her mouth to call again, and once again the woman threw dirt to choke her. While the woman was distracted she jumped and grabbed a small tree limb. It broke with a crack.
Jeff whipped around. The Assassin froze. Joyah could see why. The woman could have taken Jeff out. She might have been able to take on Joyah with her off balance like that. But stuck between the two? She did the only option left for her. She turned and ran.
“We can’t let her get away!” Joyah exclaimed after she spit out the dirt. Without waiting for an answer she gave chase.
The woman was fast and hard to see, but she obviously wasn’t as used to settings other than a city. Joyah was and soon was gaining on her. She saw the woman glance over her shoulder. That was a mistake. She didn’t see the tree branch before she had brained herself on it.
Joyah stumbled on a root and caught herself on the tree the woman had run into. She looked down at the black figure lying on the ground. Or more like where she had been a moment before.
“Jeff, she’s gone,” Joyah called. She dropped to one knee beside the indent the woman’s body had made in the muddy ground. “She couldn’t have gotten far. She has to move quietly to get away without us knowing, so she’ll be going slowly.” Joyah scanned the ground and spied indents in the mud. “She went this way!”
Joyah had some practice in tracking. It wasn’t enough to find much, but when a person is walking in ankle-deep mud the tracks are rather hard to miss. Even when that person is skilled at hiding their tracks. It’s hard to hide ankle-deep indents.
Joyah saw the movement in the corner of her eye just in time to bring her sword up. She caught the woman’s blade on her own as she jumped from a tree. The Assassin’s momentum shoved Joyah backwards into the mud. That was why Joyah usually never caught the full blow totally on her sword. It had been a mistake.
Joyah pushed herself up onto a hand, sweep kicking the woman’s legs in the same motion. The Assassin grabbed a branch and lifted herself with it enough to avoid most of the kick, but it left her off balance. Before the Assassin had time to regain her balance Joyah was on her feet and struck towards her abdomen. The Assassin brought her sword down in time to knock it down. It hit her side all the same.
Joyah was sure it was over. She had felt the blow vibrate up her blade and knew it was bad, for the Assassin at least. She pulled her blade out. But the woman did not drop to her knees or fall over. Instead she turned and ran. Joyah’s mouth fell open in shock. Really? she thought indignantly. What’s with this lady?! This should be over by now!
Jeff came skidding to a stop next to her.
“We should follow her. She’s getting away. If she makes it to a healer she could come after us again.”
“This isn’t working,” Joyah said. “She’s much cleverer than the others and more skilled. I’d say she’s the last of the better fighters in this group. We need a better plan.” Jeff looked around, looking stressed.
“If I had more time I could get one, but she’s getting away. I don’t have enough time!”
Joyah looked around too. The woman was running parallel to the tributary. She must be running blindly from pain with that wound, so she wouldn’t be paying enough attention to where she was going.
“I’ve got an idea,” she said. “You keep chasing her. She’s moving slower now so you should be able to keep up.”
“What are you-”
“Don’t ask questions! Go!”
 Jeff took off after the Assassin. Joyah didn’t hesitate either. She ran to the tributary where there was a clear path. That would give her more speed. She watched the woods as she ran, checking at intervals so she wouldn’t run off the path and into the water. She could barely see the Assassin. She could easily see Jeff. It looked like he wasn’t gaining on the woman, but he wasn’t falling behind either. Joyah on the other hand was gaining ground quickly and would soon overtake her.
It didn’t take long to get ahead of the Assassin. Once she did she cut back into the trees and crouched behind a trunk. With any luck the Assassin would run right up to her. She peeked around the tree to see the Assassin approaching. The woman was looking over her shoulder towards Jeff. She was probably planning her next attempt to catch them off guard. Joyah couldn’t help but smile a bit. Time to give her a taste of her own herbs.
Joyah stepped out from behind the tree right before the Assassin would have past it. It was luck that saved the Assassin. The woman had looked forward just as Joyah moved, so she managed to get her sword up between her and the girl’s. Joyah moved in and open hand punched the woman’s chest. The woman stumbled backwards. Joyah thrust at the Assassin’s stomach. Her opponent barely blocked it, but it kept her off balance. Joyah brought her sword back into position and thrust again before the Assassin had time to prepare. The Assassin managed to block again. Before she had time to recover Joyah was attacking again. She backed the Assassin up to the tributary, the shallow rushing water gurgling at her heels.
The Assassin feinted low before coming in high, but Joyah saw it coming. She brought her sword up in a high guard to brush it to one side. The blow never came. Her opponent had turned at the last second to get away while Joyah was distracted. Joyah didn’t try to stop her. There was nowhere to go. At that moment Jeff had caught up and was blocking the way out. Joyah circled to her left in case the Assassin tried to cut away between them. Her idea had worked! The Assassin saw her mistake too late. She looked frantically for an escape, but there was none.
The Assassin relaxed and stood still. Joyah and Jeff glanced at each other. There was no way someone who was willing to run with a bad wound would give up once she was caught. That would allow them to question her. For all she knew they could have a way of making people talk when they really didn’t want to. Even seeing her face might lead her to the super guild. All they’d need to do was look for her friends. They warily closed in on the Assassin, ready for whatever she had up her sleeve.
Suddenly the Assassin lunged forward towards Joyah. Joyah brought her sword up to force her back. The woman impaled herself on the blade and kept coming. Joyah tried to move out of the way. The blade passed between her shoulder and ear, close enough that she could see her reflection in the metal.
The Assassin drew back, pulling herself off of Joyah’s blade as she did. She left the blade sickeningly coated with blood. Jeff had struck as soon as the woman had attacked his friend, so there were three bleeding holes in her abdomen. The Assassin held her hood in place and let herself fall sideways into the tributary. The water dragged her along the bottom and away.
Joyah stared after her in shock.
“Are you okay?” Jeff asked. She nodded.
“Did… did she just commit suicide to try to kill me before she went down?”
“Yup,” he said. “She knew you’re one of the biggest threats against the super guild. And then she dove into the tributary so we couldn’t identify her body. Cao, these people are devoted!”
“Tell me about it,” Joyah agreed. She looked down at her hands. They were soaked in blood. Fighting down nausea, she squatted by the little stream and let the water wash the red away. Jeff stepped up behind her. She knew he would be looking down at her with concern.
“Are you sure you’re okay?”
“Yeah,” she breathed. “Just a little shaken. I’ve never had that happen to me before.”
“Me neither,” he said.
Jeff waited while she cleaned the blood off her blade. It gave her a chance to collect herself. When she was ready they jogged along the tributary back to the road. It was a longer distance than she remembered going in the other direction. It’s weird how that happens, she thought. It doesn’t seem that far when you’re in the middle of the action, but once it’s all over and you’re heading back you realize how far you’ve really come. She snorted and smiled to herself. That could be a metaphor about life! You don’t realize how much you’ve changed or how far you strayed from your safe life and morals from home until you’re done and you look back to the life you had.
Jeff raised an eyebrow at her when she snorted.
“What are you thinking?”
She smiled and shook her head.
“I’m spouting metaphors to myself during a stressful situation. I think I’m cracking!”
When they got back to the road Gilla walked over to meet them.
“You’re all covered in dirt. What have you been doing?”
“Someone threw it on me,” Joyah said. “How’s Addri?” Mal walked up behind Gilla.
“I’ve done all I can, but I’m no healer. We need to find someone who is and soon.”
“Once we find someone he’ll be okay though, right?” Jeff asked.
“Is he mobile?” Joyah cut in. Mal nodded.
“He won’t be doing much, but he can walk.”
“Is he going to be okay once we find a healer?” Jeff asked again. Joyah scanned the woods.
“We’ve taken out the Assassins, so we’ll be able to find a way across without that extra pressure. How long do you think he can hold out?”
“Hold out?” Jeff said, sounding a little panicked. Mal shrugged.
“I won’t lie, his wound is bad. I stitched up what I could, but I couldn’t stop all the internal bleeding and damage. It’s hard to say how far he can go. I’ve given him some Paulmin tree bark to lessen the pain.”
“But once we find a healer he’ll be okay, right?!”  Jeff demanded.
“I’ll be alright, Jeff,” Addri said quietly from behind Gilla, making her jump.
Joyah and Mal exchanged a glance. How long had he been standing there? Well, I guess keeping the truth from him won’t help anyway, Joyah thought. He might as well know.
Jeff didn’t look reassured, but he pulled himself together.
“Yeah, of course.” He gripped Addri’s shoulder, and Joyah wondered at what point they had become friends.
“Get your stuff together,” Joyah said. “We need to get moving.” Gilla stuffed some medical supplies in her bag. Mal quickly organized some more in his.
When they were ready Gilla led the way up the tributary.
“A fallen tree or some rocks would make a good place to forge it,” she said. “With all this rain there must be some that were blown or washed down.”
“Why don’t you go ahead,” Joyah suggested. “You’ll be able to cover ground quicker.”
Gilla opened her mouth, most likely to give a wise guy remark, but she thought better of it and disappeared through the trees. Joyah knew the current Assassins were all gone, but she kept her sword out just in case. There would be no taking chances.
Joyah bit her lip as she thought about Addri. She had never felt like this towards a boy before. There had been very few boys in her village who weren’t her cousins, and she hadn’t spent much time really thinking about them. She had mostly been occupied with her training. When she talked to Addri her heart started pounding and she was suddenly worried about her hair and the dirt smudges on her nose. Was that normal?
Then again, the way he closed up and became cold whenever she tried talking to him about his past drove her crazy. And she couldn’t stop worrying about him. At least Jeff, Gilla, and Mal could take care of themselves most of the time. She didn’t have to worry quite so much about them, but Addri had spent the last couple years working in a library. The memory of Addri flinging a dagger back at one of the Assassins came to Joyah’s mind. At that moment he had looked… strong. Dangerous. It made that new feeling she’d been having towards him come to the surface again. Okay, maybe if he hadn’t gotten injured she wouldn’t have to worry about him as much after all.
She was so absorbed in her thought she didn’t register Gilla returning until the other girl had stopped in front of her. Joyah silently reprimanded herself for letting her guard down. Again.
“There’s a fallen log not too far up the trail. We should get there before night.”
“Do you think we’ll get to a town or village tonight?” Joyah asked. “We left both of our blankets back in out last campsite and I wouldn’t want to sleep in this mud.”
Gilla shrugged and took out Addri’s map. After squinting at it in the dim light she shook her head.
“I don’t think so. The nearest place is a village a couple miles up and off the road. If we walk through the night we could get there by the morning.”
Joyah peered over Gilla’s shoulder at the dots and colored areas on the map. They made no sense to her. She tried to find anything from her Journey sense but found nothing.
“What do you guys think?”
“I think we should go through the night,” Jeff said, glancing at Addri.
“The forest gets very dark in the night,” Mal said. “Soon we will not have enough light to see our feet. It would be too easy to trip and twist an ankle. I say we get across the log and find a dry place to spend the night.”
“I agree,” Gilla said. “You guys nearly get yourself killed while it’s day out. I’ll go nuts trying to keep you upright at night.”
“Addri?” Joyah asked.
“There’s no point over exerting ourselves tonight,” Addri said. “I think we should stop.” He gave them a look that clearly said that he could survive the night without a healer and wanted to rest since he felt horrible.
Joyah agreed with Jeff, but they were outvoted.
“Alright, we’ll stop for the night as soon as we get across the tributary.”
The fallen tree was rather small and so decayed Joyah got worried it would break under their weight. Still, they all managed to get across alright. Gilla found a spot not too far off the road that was less muddy than everywhere else for them to stop. Joyah volunteered to take first watch. She built a small fire out of dry-ish sticks before sitting down to meditate.
It was harder for her to get into a centered state than usual. The wetness of the ground was leaking into her pants. Eventually her mind relaxed. She listened to the soft sounds of the forest and her friends’ breathing. The night breeze lifted her hair from her shoulders. She breathed in the cool, wet air. The rustle of the tree leaves, the soft gurgle of the tributary, and the hoot of an owl filled her ears. She was distant from the world around her and yet perfectly alert. She listened to the soft snap of a twig under a rabbit’s foot and the crackle of the fire in her vigilance for intruders.
Someone wasn’t sleeping. She could hear his less peaceful breathing off to her right. It had to be one of her friends or she would have heard them approach.
“Can’t sleep?” she asked.
“Just bothered by an old man’s troubles,” Mal answered.
“I’ve been meaning to ask you something,” she said. “What was that ‘my life isn’t as important as yours’ nonsense you pulled back at Laar?”
He paused before answering.
“I have had a long life full of mistakes and wrong doing. I have done things that have had dire consequences for innocent people without even realizing it.”
“That doesn’t mean you’re life is less important than mine,” Joyah said stubbornly. “You were young and stupid and now you’re trying to make things right. That counts for something.”
“You’re how old? Fifteen?” he asked. When she nodded he said, “I was two years older than you when I joined the Assassins. I was not too young, and nothing changes what happened.”
“I thought you wanted redemption,” she said.
“I do,” he answered. “Look, you’re too young to understand.” Joyah’s back stiffened indignantly.
“I’m mature enough to understand adult ideas! Besides, I thought you were ‘not too young’ when you were seventeen and I’m only two years younger than that.”
“We shouldn’t have stopped for the night,” Mal said.
Joyah knew he was just trying to change the subject, but this was a subject she wanted to discuss anyway.
“Why did you vote to stop? You’re the one who was saying we needed to find a healer as quickly as possible.”
She heard him sigh and shake his head.
“I thought that since he was moving so well that he would be okay for the night, but now after thinking of the past I think it was not a good idea.”
Joyah frowned.
“What do you mean, thinking of the past?”
He paused like he hadn’t meant to say that. Finally, he said grudgingly, “That wasn’t the first oath of trust I have made with four younger people.”
“Really?” Joyah asked. “Where are they now?”
“One of them is dead, one of them was broken inside, one of them is trying to care for the broken one, and one of them is missing,” he said.
She opened her eyes and looked at him. His face was brooding and half hidden by shadow.
“Were they in the race for the necklace?”
He nodded gravely. “Before we fell apart.”
Joyah looked across the fire to where Addri was. One of them is dead. Joyah heard his words echoing through her head. She shook it to make them go away.
“No. No, that’s going to happen again. It’s a fluke. No one’s going to die. I swear that I will keep that from happening with all of my strength and ability.”
“But what if it’s beyond your ability, and what if it’s you who dies?” he asked forebodingly.
“That’s not going to happen,” she said forcefully. I will never let that happen, she thought.


Chapter 13
The Road to the Mountain


When Joyah awoke in the morning her head was pounding and her limbs were either weak or stiff. It didn’t help that she was soaked through. On top of all that she felt like she had a cold coming on. Great.
“Hey Mal?” she asked as they set down camp. “Do some poisons make it easier to get sick?”
“Yes,” he said. “Why?”
“Nothing.” Even better.
They walked on the road now that the current group of Assassins was taken care of. It was faster and easier on the open ground. Mal told them in no uncertain terms that they should act like they were being followed by the next group of Assassins since they had no idea when the next group would show up, but he was outvoted. The rest of the group decided it was better to get to a village with a healer faster and worry about the Assassins when they got there.
Joyah could tell that her friends were all tired and sore. None of them talked. Even Gilla didn’t make any snarky remarks. They all walked along with their heads low and their shoulders slumping slightly. They were ragged and beaten down. Miss Faulet’s betrayal and Addri’s injury had hit their morale hard. Something had to be done, but she had no idea what that was.
A little before noon Joyah stopped.
“Hold up.”
Her friends came to a stop in a semicircle around her. She had no idea what she was going to say, but she had to do something before morale hit rock bottom.
“Look guys, we’re all tired and sore. Some of us even injured. But, the end’s in sight.” She gestured to the map Gilla was holding. Wow, this was a really lame pep talk. “Addri’s given us what we need to make it. We have the means to get there. Every fair fight we’ve gotten into we’ve won. The only way they can beat us is through trickery. Every time they’ve tried it, except for once, they’ve failed.”
Her friends were all staring at each other. She didn’t know if that was a good sign or not. She continued, “The only thing that can keep us back is ourselves now. We can’t give up hope or let bad things that happen get to us. We’ve got to keep our heads high and our spirits up, because if we don’t do that none of our success matters. They’ll have truly beaten us.”
They started to smile. At first Joyah was worried that they were going to start laughing at her for making such an awful pep talk. Then she noticed their smiles weren’t the large ones people get when they’re laughing. These were barely noticeable. It was a slight change in the way her friends looked. She could not believe it. She had actually raised the morale of her companions. How? All she did was give a crumby little speech in which she didn’t even know what she was doing. Whatever. Whatever she had done had worked. There was no reason they should know that she had had no idea what she was doing.
Trying to look confident, Joyah looked up the road.
“How far until the village, Gilla?” she asked.
Gilla pulled Addri’s map from her pack, a movement she obviously had gotten used to doing.
“We might get there by tonight. It’ll be late, but at least we won’t be sleeping outside again.”
Joyah frowned at the map. A slight feeling of unease was settling in her stomach. Gilla looked worried.
“We won’t, right?”
“I don’t know,” Joyah answered. “I’m getting something, but, I don’t understand it. Whatever. We’ll see when we get there.”
Gilla replaced the map. Joyah took one last look at the faces around her. They were all looking to her for the next move and for confidence. She held her head high as she turned to lead the way, trying to seem in control. She hadn’t seen people react to her like that before. She liked it.
They stopped only a little while after that to eat lunch. After lunch it rained. It was a constant drizzle, unlike the large storms they’d had recently. It soaked them as thoroughly as any storm, though. Joyah grumbled to herself in her thoughts that since the rain had never bothered her at home it shouldn’t bother her now. Of course at home she could have gone inside to a nice, warm, Assassin free hut any time she wanted. Out on the road there was no escape from the constant rain. Out on the road she hated the rain. She hated how it plastered her hair to her head, made her clothes feel heavy, got into her supplies, and put her katana at risk of rusting.
 It also turned the roads to mud that sucked at her feet with each step. At least if she got into a hand to hand fight her opponent would be at the same footing disadvantage as she was. If they tried to shoot her the mud would be a problem. She didn’t let herself show her misery, though. After she had seen the way her friend’s spirits rose after she showed them confidence she didn’t want to ruin it by looking unhappy and weak.
The rain didn’t let up by nightfall. Jeff used Gilla’s pack to make a canopy over Addri’s map as Gilla studied it. Mal stayed on watch for an attack.
Gilla frowned at the map.
“I’m not as good at reading maps as you, Jeff. I think we’re four miles down along this road here.” She pointed to a streak of brown. “How far along would that be?”
He handed the pack to Joyah and bent over the map.
“Five miles is about this far along,” he said, pointing to a spot on the streak.
“Then if we go off to the left of this road we should get to the village,” she said. She rolled up the map and took her pack back to stow it away. “Follow me.”
Gilla found an animal track leading from the road in the direction they needed to go.
“This isn’t a normal animal track,” she said after examining the prints in the mud. “People have used it a lot.”
“Assassins?” Joyah asked. Gilla shook her head.
“The prints are too deep for someone trying to be sneaky. Otherwise the rain would have washed them away by now.”
“It’s probably the trail they use to get to the road,” Joyah said. “My village had a real path, but our neighboring village only had a trail.”
“We should be on guard anyway,” Mal said. “The Assassins could be there waiting for us.”
“Jeez Archie, you’re more paranoid than Joyah,” Jeff said.
“What does that mean?” Joyah said indignantly.
Gilla joined in like she hadn’t heard Joyah.
“Yeah, the Assassins couldn’t have known we took out their last group yet. How in the world would they find out anyway?”
“Did you remember when I told you how they leave one person out of the fight to report back if someone fails?” Mal said. “If you didn’t then we have very little time until they start attacking us again.”
Jeff and Joyah looked at each other.
“Well, there was that one that jumped on Joyah from the tree,” Jeff said. “She seemed pretty intent on running away.”
“Yeah,” Joyah agreed.  “She would have let us walk right by if I hadn’t spotted her.”
“She could have been waiting to drop down behind you,” Mal pointed out. “You said it yourself. The only way they can win a fight is through trickery.”
Joyah scowled. She didn’t want to admit it but he had a point.
“Yeah, okay, we should stay on guard. I don’t think they’d have caught up by now, but better safe than sorry. Or dead.”
“I love optimists,” Gilla told Addri before starting along the trail.
It was another hour before Gilla finally called a halt. She and Joyah crept up a few more paces to see a bunch of straw and mud huts in a large clearing among the trees. A few people walked along the mud roads calling out greetings to others. The roads were dirty, the huts small, and the people much less dignified than the city people they had met so far. Joyah couldn’t help but think of home. She touched the chain around her neck, thinking of her own village that was so similar to this.
“Their fields with grain and animals should be on the other side,” she told Gilla. “There’s most likely no main road because it’s not big enough to need one. That hut there should be the mayor’s house, you can tell ‘cause it’s the biggest, and the house in the center is the healer’s. It’s positioned so everyone can get to it quickly if they need to.”
“We definitely just snuck farther up so you could go all nostalgic on me instead of looking for danger,” Gilla said. “As much as I think Archie’s just being paranoid I definitely agree that it’s worth wasting time getting all mushy.”
“Shut up,” Joyah said.
Neither of them could spot Assassins waiting for them, so they brought the guys up the rest of the way. Joyah led the way to the village and stopped one of the people passing by.
“Excuse me,” she said, trying to look young and innocent. “We were attacked by bandits and one of our friends was hurt. Is there a healer here that might help?” The man eyed their weapons.
“Yes. That hut over there, the one in the center, is the healer’s home. You should find a woman there willing to help you.”
“Thank you,” she said.
“So why’d you ask him where the house was when you already knew?” Gilla asked once the man was out of ear shot.
“Everyone here is at least in acquaintance with everyone else,” Joyah told her. “If five armed and dirty strangers randomly walked into town and went straight to the healer’s hut it would be weird. They know we don’t belong here. Now I have established us as friendly strangers seeking help.”
They stopped outside the healer’s hut. Music from what sounded like a Zheng came from inside. Joyah knocked on the mud wall next to the door (since the actual door was made of paper) before going to open it.
“You can’t just walk into someone’s house!” Jeff exclaimed.
“I knocked,” Joyah said reasonably. “They would have said something if they didn’t want us to enter.” She slid open the door.
The room reminded Joyah so much of her home she did a double take. A low table was in the center of the room with two arches leading out. Dried herbs hung from the ceiling and clay bottles stood on the floor near the walls. The one difference was a Zheng in the far left corner of the room. The Zheng was a rectangular instrument with a slightly arched surface and twenty one strings, each on its own bridge.  A brunette woman a little younger than Mal sat behind the Zheng plucking the strings on each side. Her limbs were thin and her hands slightly worn, but she had a wise, kind, motherly feel to her. She looked up with dark, canted eyes as Joyah opened the door.
“Well hello, can I help you?”
Joyah snapped herself out of her shock from the room.
“Yes, my friend has been hurt and needs a healer.”
The woman stopped playing the Zheng and slowly stood.
“Well you came to the right place. I am Mony, the senior healer here. Won’t you come inside?”
Joyah gestured her friends in. The woman’s eyebrows rose at seeing all of them, but she didn’t comment. She turned and called through one of the arches.
“Ivy, Net, come here please.”
“Who are Ivy and Net?” Gilla asked. “Your family?”
Mony shook her head. “They are junior healers here.”
“Junior healers?” Jeff asked.
“Sometimes there are multiple healers in one village,” Joyah answered. “It’s so there’s always someone to take care of the village when the senior healer passes on. Usually they learn from the senior healer.” Mony smiled at Joyah.
“Yes, how did you know?”
“I live in a village farther north,” Joyah said. “My Auntie is the senior healer there, though we don’t have any junior healers right now. Or at least when I left.”
Two kids who Joyah assumed were Ivy and Net appeared in the left archway. Ivy was a small, black haired girl with olive shaped eyes.  Net seemed to be her brother. He was covered in dirt. Mony looked at him disapprovingly.
“Net, you are to be a healer. Healers must stay clean so as not to infect the wounds of their patients.”
“I was pulling up some herbs!” he protested. He held up some fresh greens he had in one hand. Mony sighed.
“Collecting herbs does not get you that dirty. You can show these people to a room for them to wait while I take care of their friend. Ivy, you may assist me today.”
Ivy smiled happily and bounced forward to stand next to Mony. Net frowned but didn’t say anything. Instead he gestured for Joyah, Jeff, Gilla, and Mal to follow him through the right arch. They left Addri with Mony and Ivy and went with Net.
The other room was different than it would have been in Joyah’s hut. It was filled with jars, herbs, and boxes in which Joyah assumed were different things for patients. Net laid out some blankets on four different boxes for them to sit on.
They had just sat down when they heard Mony talking to a man in the left room. A moment later a large man entered through the left arch. He wasn’t overweight, but he was tall and wide. Receding brown hair was brushed across his head, and he had small brown eyes. Joyah blinked in surprise when the doorway was suddenly filled with the large man. She noticed he didn’t carry any weapons. His body language was not aggressive but slightly protective. As long as they gave him or his people no trouble they would get none from him.
Joyah and her friends stood respectfully when he entered.
“Good day. I am Deril Cheng,” he said. “I am the mayor of this village.”
“I’m Joyah Pain and these are my friends, Jeffery Raymond, Gilla Fletcher, and Val Stenew,” she said. Gilla shifted in surprise at Mal’s fake name.
“It is good to meet you,” Deril said. “Please, sit.” They sat on their boxes. Deril sat down on another crate. It groaned under his weight. “I’d like to welcome you to our village,” he said. “What is it that brings you here?”
“One of our friends was injured,” Joyah said. She was getting tired of saying that. Deril nodded.
“So Mony tells me. She also mentioned that you claimed to have been attacked by bandits. Is that true?”
Joyah nodded.
“Yes, just a little farther down the road.”
“Did you try to fight them?” Deril asked, eyeing their weapons.
“Yes,” she said. She thought really fast. To the average person the idea of a couple kids and one adult taking on a group of bandits and winning was ridiculous. “We lost and ran. We stopped not far from here and Val did what he could for Addri, but we didn’t have a real healer. So we came here.” That was mostly true except they were attacked by Assassins instead of bandits and they didn’t actually lose. They ran a lot, but they won in the end. Whatever, the mayor didn’t need to know that.
“Do you know how long you will be staying?” he asked Mal.
Joyah’s temper flared up. Did he think she was just a kid who liked to talk?! Probably. After all, Mal was the adult of the group. Joyah simmered in silence. Mal, who must have figured out at some point that Joyah had some way of knowing how long they should stay at one place, glanced at her before answering. “Only until our friend is fit for travel.” She nodded, telling him he was on the right track. “Do you know what we should pay the healer for our trouble?” he continued. “We’re willing to pay whatever the price is.”
It was good thinking to add that in then. They didn’t want Deril to think that they would skip out of town as soon as Addri was set. Healers took an oath that they had to help anyone who asked them of it as long as they were not an immediate threat to the people around them. It was possible to refuse to pay for their help, but bad things tended to happen to people who did. It was illegal in cities and towns to do that to a healer. In villages the villagers tended to get together to hunt down and beat up anyone who shorted their healer. Joyah had only seen it happen once. She had caught the guy who shorted Auntie and then left once the other villagers caught up, seeing as ten year olds were way too young to do the real dirty work.
Deril smiled at Mal’s words and shrugged.
“It depends on how much stuff Mony uses. Honestly I have no idea what these healers do. You know how they are. Even the most social ones are mysterious.” Joyah smiled and nodded with the rest of her friends, though she had never had trouble with that before with Auntie. “Where are you folks heading?” Deril asked.
Before Mal could answer Joyah butted back in.
“That’s really none of your business.” She said it a little too harshly, but she didn’t like being ignored. Jeff elbowed her in the ribs. Deril didn’t seem to notice.
“Of course, of course. I don’t really mean to pry, kid, but it’s not usual for us to get strangers here and you can’t blame me for being curious. It’s my duty as mayor.” Usually being called kid wouldn’t faze her, but he said it in a way that felt rather derogatory. She did not like being humored. Jeff elbowed her again before she could say anything.
“I’m sure Mony will let you stay here as long as you need,” Deril said. He was talking to Mal again. “The miller’s just down the road and the butcher’s near the fields. If you’ve got coin or something to barter with I’m sure you’ll find sufficient supplies for you.”
“Thank you,” Mal said.
After Deril left Joyah scowled and folded her arms.
“I don’t like him.”
“You just don’t like him because you’re used to being treated like an adult,” Mal said. “You’re forgetting that you’re not an adult and most people who don’t know you aren’t going to treat you like one.” Joyah scowled more.
“That doesn’t mean I have to like it.”
“Get used to it.”
“Maybe we should go get supplies,” Jeff said, trying to change the subject.
“I don’t want to leave here until we get a report from Mony,” Joyah said. “I want to be here when she does.” It felt wrong to leave right then. She had seen plenty of people wait in the front room of their house while their loved ones were with Auntie. They wouldn’t go home until they knew the person was going to be okay, so neither would she.
A little while later Net came in carrying four mats and a couple more blankets. He laid them out for them.
“Mony and Ivy are still working on your friend,” he said. “Mony suggested you all get some sleep and she’ll come talk to you in the morning.”
“Do you know how bad it is?” Joyah asked.
He shook his head. “I didn’t get a chance to see. I think Mony’s using this as a chance to teach me not to play in the dirt. It won’t work.”
“Don’t let it,” Gilla said. “Adults are always trying to tell kids what to do.”
“I know, right?” Net said. “It’s always ‘don’t get dirty,’ ‘don’t stay up late,’ ‘don’t play with your food.’ Don’t don’t don’t don’t don’t!” He left looking much happier.
“Gilla, you do know most rules are there for a reason,” Jeff said. “Without them there’d be no order.”
“So?” Gilla said. “A lot of rules are stupid. They’re meant just to keep us from having fun and doing what we want.”
“No they’re-” Jeff cut off and took a breath to calm himself. “I can see how you might think that, but most rules aren’t like the ones your mother gave you. They’re there to make sure people don’t do things that are bad. Like if Net didn’t wash his hands he could infect the wound of someone he’s trying to help.”
“But people can use rules to exert power over others,” Gilla said. “They can make rules that are unfair that benefit them and no one else. We’d have to follow them because it’s the law.”
“Let’s not get into an argument over this,” Joyah said. “We might as well get a good night’s sleep since we don’t have to keep a lookout for Assassins.”
“So you think it’s okay to stay here tonight?” Jeff asked as they settled down onto their mats. Joyah shrugged.
“What choice do we have even if my Journey sense says we shouldn’t? We can’t leave tonight unless we want to leave Addri.”
“Which we don’t,” he agreed. 
It didn’t take long for Joyah to slip into a dreamless sleep. Soon rays of sun were leaking through an open window into her eyes. For a moment she thought she was back in her own village, but then she opened her eyes to find a room full of boxes instead of people. She sat up and leaned her elbows on her knees, closing her eyes to imagine home. Her hand drifted to her chain as she thought of Lily and her ring. Lily would be up already. She had always been an early riser. Normally Joyah was too, though days of hard travel seemed to make her sleep longer. Lily would be running outside with a couple of the cousins. Auntie would call them in soon for breakfast and the noise of the children would wake the other people in the house. Auntie called it her kid alarm.
Enough nostalgia. Joyah opened her eyes and looked around the room. Jeff and Gilla were gone and Mal was in a corner snoring. Joyah slid out from under her blanket before slipping into and buttoning up her black vest. She grabbed Gilla’s hairbrush (hers had been lost with her backpack back in the library) and went through the other room to the front door.
Jeff and Gilla were sitting on the grass to one side of the doorway watching the children run by. They glanced up as Joyah came out.
“Why yes, Joyah, you can definitely borrow my hair brush,” Gilla said.
“Mony told us we can see Addri as soon as he wakes up,” Jeff said. “She said he’s in that last room. He should be fine as long as he doesn’t do too much activity or anything.”
Joyah sat down on his other side. If Addri couldn’t travel then how was he supposed to continue with them on her Journey? She realized Jeff and Gilla were both looking at her.
“We shouldn’t stay here another night,” she told them. They exchanged a look like she had confirmed their fears.
Joyah turned her gaze back to the children playing in the street, though her mind was still on the problem. They looked like their ages ranged from six to nine. They had a ball made from woven, dried grass and were kicking it around. One boy ran up and gave a huge swing. The ball went rocketing down the road so far it bounced into the tall grass at the end of the village. The kids squealed and took off after it. Joyah had to squint to make out the ball among the grass. That reminded her of something.
“Hey Gilla, how well can you see that ball down there?”
“What ball?” Joyah pointed to the ball. Gilla leaned forward to get a better view. “Oh that? That’s easy, why?”
“How about you, Jeff?”
He squinted in the direction Joyah was pointing.
“I still don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“That’s because it’s small and at the end of the village. You’d of had to have watched it all the way like I did in order to see it.”
“You two need to have your eyes checked,” Gilla snapped.
“I can see it fine!”
“Stand up,” Joyah said as she pulled herself to her feet. She shaded her eyes and looked around. Finally she pointed to a speck in the clouds. “See that speck?”
“You mean the bird?” Gilla asked.
“Yes,” Joyah said. “What type of bird is it?”
“Well, from the shape of its wings I’d say it’s a falcon.”
“From the shape of its wings!” Jeff exclaimed. “How do you see wings? It’s so high it just looks like a dot!”
“That’s my point,” Joyah said.
“Gilla can see things we can’t. She can pick out a ball among some grass, see a falcon’s wings when it’s really high up, and see a road among the trees when it’s still pretty far away.”
“Are you saying my eyesight’s better?” Gilla asked. “You don’t only need your eyes checked, you need your brain checked.”
“Are you having a seeing contest?”
Joyah looked down to find the boy who had kicked the ball looking up at her. The other kids were hanging back.
“Uh huh,” she answered. “Would you like to join?”
“Yes!” the boy shouted. “I’ll go first! How about over there?! How many squirrels are in that tree?”
Joyah counted the little brown animals.
“Five.”
“Four!” the boy said.
“Three squirrels and a bird,” Gilla said.
“Five,” Jeff said.
A little girl broke free from the huddled kids and ran to the base of the tree. After counting she called back, “Three squirrels!”
“Is the other one a bird?” the boy asked. The girl double checked.
“Yes!”
Joyah raised her eyebrows at Gilla.
“See?”
“You go,” the boy told Jeff.
“Okay,” he said, looking around. “Do you see those flowers growing near the path in the woods? What kind of flower are they?”
“Daffodils,” Gilla said.
“Daisies,” the boy said.
“Marigolds,” Joyah said.
“Buttercups,” the little girl said quietly. A red haired boy ran over to the flowers.
“Daffodils!” he said.
“That one’s only good if you know a lot about flowers,” the boy said.
“You only say that because Gilla’s beating you every time,” Joyah said smugly.
“She’s beating you too!” he said.
“He’s unhappy because he usually wins,” the little girl said quietly. Joyah crouched down so she was at her level.
“What’s your name?”
“I’m Hana,” she said.
“I’m Joyah, and this is Gilla and Jeff,” Joyah said. “It’s nice to meet you. Would you like to find the next challenge?”
She nodded and looked around.
“How many red ants are on that piece of bread?”
Joyah counted the ants.
“Seven.”
“Five,” someone called.
“Four.”
“Six.”
“Two.”
“Eight,” the boy said.
“Nine,” Gilla said. Jeff walked over and counted the ants.
“Nine.”
“Ohh!” the kids moaned.
“You find one!” the boy said to Gilla.
“Yeah!” the kids shouted.
“Find a hard one!” the red haired boy said. Gilla looked around.
“What’s the red fruit in that basket?” The basket she pointed to was being held by a woman near where the ball had been. It was filled with an assortment of fruit, but Joyah couldn’t see the red one.
“What red one?” the boy asked.
“Right between the pear and the lettuce,” Gilla said.
Joyah squinted. She could barely see a red something.
“An apple?” she guessed.
“A cherry,” Jeff said.
“A tomato,” the boy said. The other kids yelled out all the names of red fruit they could think of.
“A raspberry,” Gilla said.
Some kids immediately changed their answer to raspberry. Finally the boy ran over and grabbed the red thing out of the woman’s basket, much to her surprise.
“It’s a raspberry!” he yelled.
“How do you do that?” Hana asked in amazement.
“I think her eyesight is better than most people’s,” Joyah said.
“Like a super power?” Hana asked.
“Not exactly,” Joyah said with a smile.
“What about her other senses?” the boy asked. “We should do hearing and smelling games!”
“Yeah!” the kids yelled. Joyah felt like she was surrounded by little lemmings.
“But how do we do a hearing game?” Hana asked.
“Hmm,” the kids said.
“How about this,” Jeff said. “Everyone close your eyes. I’ll tap something, and if you hear it raise your hands. If you don’t hear it you’re out. I’ll start out loud and get softer as we go.”
“Yay!” the kids shouted. They all closed their eyes.
There was a loud clap right next to Joyah’s ear.
“Gah!” She jumped a mile and tipped sideways. “Jeff!”
The kids giggled and raised their hands. Jeff spread his hands in fake innocence.
“What?”
She picked herself off the ground and glared at him, keeping her smile off her face.
“Don’t do that again!”
The next time he clapped away from her ear. Then he tapped a wall. Then the ground. It went on until finally he tapped Joyah and the boy (the lemming leader) on the shoulder and said, “You two are out.” Joyah opened her eyes. The only person left was Gilla. Jeff slid his hands together softly. She raised her hand. He tapped one finger to his palm. She stayed still.
“Wow!” the lemming leader yelled, making Gilla jump. “You do have better hearing than we do!”
“Your sight is better than ours more than your hearing is, but there’s still a difference,” Joyah agreed.  Gilla shrugged.
“I guess so. I’ve never noticed it before.”
“Ivy!” a little girl squealed. Joyah turned to see Ivy coming out of the healer’s house.
“Come play with us Ivy!” the kids yelled.
“We’ve been playing seeing and hearing games!” the red haired boy said. “She, uh, Gilla has really good seeing and hearing!”
“That’s cool!” Ivy said. She turned to the three teens. “Mony sent me to come find you. She says your friend is awake and-”
Joyah didn’t hear what else Mony had wanted Ivy to tell them. She was already at the door. As she slid it open she could hear Mony’s voice.
“… don’t take it slowly you won’t get better!”
Addri was standing only a few feet away from the door looking annoyed. He was about to say something back to Mony when Joyah flung her arms around him.
“Ohmygoshyou’reallrightIwassoworried!” She hadn’t realized how stressed and worried she’d been until it all flowed away, leaving her relieved and empty.
“It’s nice to see you too,” he said through her hair.
She realized what she was doing and pulled back, embarrassed. Gilla leaped forward to take her place.
“Hey man,” Jeff said, clapping him on the shoulder once Gilla released him. “You’re looking better.”
“He won’t stay that way if he keeps insisting on over exerting himself!” Mony snapped. She bustled around organizing the jars and herbs in the room. “I have never had a patient so set on refusing help and advice!”
“You’ve never had Gilla as a patient,” Jeff muttered. Gilla punched his arm, and she didn’t hold back at all. Joyah and Addri grinned.
“When are you planning on leaving?” Addri asked. The happy atmosphere died.
“We should head out today,” Joyah said. Mony shook her head.
“Either you all wait for at least a week or your friend should stay here. He isn’t ready for travel.”
“If you’re leaving then so am I,” Addri said stubbornly.
“If you go then you might not get better,” Joyah said.
“Do you want me to stay behind?” he said.
“No!” she exclaimed.
“Then either you’ll wait a couple days or I’ll try my luck,” he said. Joyah wanted to pull out her own hair. There was no good option.
“When is the latest we can leave?” Mal asked, making Joyah jump. She hadn’t noticed him in the room.
“I don’t know, after noon maybe? All I know is that we shouldn’t stay another night.”
“That seems highly unreliable,” Addri said. “Why don’t you just ignore your Journey sense?”
“Lower your voice!” Jeff hissed, glancing at Mony. Once he was sure she hadn’t heard he said in a whisper, “Last time we ignored Joyah’s Journey sense the super guild caught us and hurt the people we were traveling with. We all agreed we wouldn’t argue with her Journey sense again after that.”
“The super guild caught you back in Laar too and she didn’t know it was going to happen then,” Addri whispered. “All I’m saying is that it seems very unreliable and could be wrong.”
“I haven’t been wrong yet,” Joyah said. “Just because it’s not helpful all the time doesn’t mean we should ignore it when it does happen.”
“But-”
“Addri, we can’t stay here! If you’re coming with us then you have to listen to me when it concerns my Journey. Otherwise it might be better if you just stay behind.”
He glared at her.
“Fine, after noon it is.” He turned and stormed back into the other room. Jeff and Gilla exchanged worried glances.
“I’ll go talk to him,” Jeff said to Joyah. He followed Addri into the other room. Joyah, still fuming, went back outside.
“He drives me crazy!” she said. “Why won’t he just listen?!”
“Well, when you grow up rebelling authority you tend to do that,” Gilla said. “I speak from experience.”
“You listen to me most of the time,” Joyah said.
“He hasn’t gone through what she has had with you,” Mal said from behind them. “Give him time. The only way for a group to learn how to work together is through experience.” Joyah sighed through her nose.
“Yeah, maybe.”
Noon came faster than she had expected. The lemmings got her to play a game of Catch the Dragon Tail, which turned out being more like The Whip instead.  Eventually Mony came out and told the lemmings to go back home for lunch. They sadly said good bye to Joyah. Hana gave her a hug. Joyah followed Mony back inside where her four friends and the two junior healers were already eating. Joyah and Addri glanced at each other and quickly looked away. She took the spot three seats down from him.
After they ate, Joyah gave Mony five coins and some herbs she didn’t think were common around that area. Her friends had all agreed that she would take care of payment since she had grown up with a healer and would know what would be appropriate.
Deril met them at the door after they were prepared to leave.
“Sad to see you folks off. The children here have been really enjoying you.”
Joyah couldn’t help smiling even though she was still put off from the treatment she’d gotten the day before.
“They’re good kids.” It sounded like the kind of thing someone closer to Mal’s age would say, but it was true.
“Do you know where you’ll be heading?” Deril asked.
Her smile disappeared.
“To the south,” she said. “We have family in Laar, though it isn’t really your business.”
He put up his hands defensively like he had known that last bit was coming.
“I had to ask.”
She pressed her arm into her side to block Jeff’s elbow.
“Thank you for your hospitality,” Mal said.
“Any time,” Deril answered. “We don’t get many visitors here and it’s always nice to see a new face. If you’re coming back this way sometime feel free to stop by.”
“We’ll keep that in mind,” Mal said. After that Gilla led them back out to the road.
“You could have been a little nicer,” Jeff said as they walked.
“He annoys me and asks too many questions,” Joyah said. “And I know you’re going to say he’s just trying to do his duty, but I don’t really care.”
“Someone’s crabby this morning,” Gilla said.
“Very funny,” Joyah said. “Now check the map and tell us where we’re going next.”
“Thank you for your complete and total trust in my forestry in your assumption that I need a map stuck to my nose twenty four-seven in order to know where we’re going.”
“Just tell us where we’re going!”
“Now that we’re on the road we should follow it north for a while,” Gilla said. “Somewhere farther up a smaller road goes west to some little town called… called… well I don’t remember what it’s called but that doesn’t matter right now. After we get to whatsitcalled town we take a deer trail northwest into the mountains. There’s no real trail that goes all the way to the village we’re heading to but I’ve mapped out the easiest climb up. It’s not going to be easy anyway,” she said, glancing at Jeff and Addri. “The mountains are really steep in that area and I don’t have experience going through them.”
“We won’t have to worry about that until we get there,” Joyah said.
“You can navigate through the mountains even if you’ve never actually been there before, right?” Gilla sighed. “Joyah? Complete trust. Forestry. We’ve just been over this.”
“Shut up.”
It was only a couple hours later when Mal whispered in Joyah’s ear, “It would be good to call a stop.”
“Why?” she asked.
“We shouldn’t push Addri,” he answered. “It would be best if we took more breaks to allow him to gain his strength.”
Joyah looked at Addri. He looked tired. From what little she knew of him she figured he wouldn’t ask to stop on his own, especially after his fight with Joyah.
“Hey guys, let’s take a break,” she called out.
“Why?” Gilla asked. “I thought we wanted to get as far as we can before the super guild catches us.”
Joyah gave her a look that said “do not argue.” Jeff, who got what Joyah was doing, elbowed Gilla in the ribs in case she hadn’t gotten the message to shut up.
Joyah sat down on the wet grass across from Addri. Jeff walked over and tapped her on the top of the head.
“You haven’t had a lesson lately.”
Joyah groaned.
“But we’re on a break.”
“And what other time will we have?” he said.
“What lessons?” Addri asked as Joyah stood up.
“I’ve only gotten basic training,” she told him. “Jeff has been teaching me more advanced stuff.”
“If you only know the basics then why are you so good?” he asked.
“I made stuff up,” she said.
“Show me the new block I showed you,” Jeff told her. He came in at her high. She brought her sword up and angled it so his blade deflected to her left. It would allow her to come in immediately with a slash across his exposed chest if it was a real fight. “Good,” he said, looking slightly surprised. “You picked that one up fast.”
“Next one?” she asked. He shook his head.
 “You’re going to do that move over and over again so it’s drilled into your reflexes.”
Joyah stifled a sigh. They had done this the last two lessons they’d had. They were practicing two blocks and a counter. Jeff had quickly given up with giving her a combination since that wasn’t how she worked. Instead he gave her separate moves that she could then put together however she wanted. It worked for her but it made it hard for him to keep up.
They continued to repeat the move as Addri and Gilla watched.
“Where’s your village, Joyah?” Gilla asked suddenly.
Joyah almost missed Jeff’s strike in surprise.
“Um, it’s north of Guem near a small river. Why?”
“Because it might be on Addri’s map,” she said. She pulled it out and laid it across her knees. She squinted at it. “Hey Addri, this is your map. Find Joyah’s village for me.”
Addri leaned over and looked at it. The distraction was making it hard for Joyah to practice.
“There are plenty of villages north of Laar near small rivers,” Addri said. “Joyah, would you know where it is?”
Jeff poked Joyah with the tip of his sword.
“Pay attention.”
She glared at him, thinking back to when she had done the same thing to Jen.
She sheathed her sword so Jeff wouldn’t do that again and raised her hands to show him that she wasn’t continuing at that moment. He crossed his arms and tapped his foot, waiting for her to get this over with. Joyah walked around behind her other two friends and looked over their shoulders.
“Where’s Guem?”
Addri pointed to a small X labeled “Guem.” Joyah felt slightly stupid. She followed the road heading north of Guem until she found the closest village to the city with a little river near it. “It should be that one.”
Addri and Gilla both leaned closer as if a closer look would show them something besides a black dot.
“Wow, that’s where you grew up,” Addri said.
“Yes that would be what that means,” Gilla said.
“Shut up, Gilla,” he said.
Joyah couldn’t stop looking at the speck on the map. She had never seen it on a map before. It had almost been a separate place to her. Home was a little world all of its own where everything was perfect. Nothing could touch it. Now she saw it on the map and it made her home a part of everything else. She stared at the speck and wondered what Auntie, Lily, and all her other family members were doing there now. Her hand started creeping up to the collar of her shirt where the chain she wore around her neck was.
Jeff poked her with the tip of his sword again before she could start feeling homesick. It pulled her back into the present.
“Enough sightseeing,” he said. “You need to practice.”
“Hey Joyah, do you think we’ll see your village some day?” Gilla asked. Jeff threw his hands into the air.
“I give up, we’re never going to practice!”
“Maybe once we get the jewel to the Sanctuary,” Joyah said, grinning. “I bet you’d like Auntie. She’s…spirited, like you with more maturity.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Gilla asked indignantly.
Addri cut in before Gilla could decide whether what Joyah had just said deemed a punch or not.
“What does she look like?”
“Like me but older and wiser,” Joyah said. “We have the same hair and face.”
“You know, we’ve risked our lives together and been through so much, and yet I know almost nothing about any of you except for Jeff,” Gilla said.
“I know you,” Joyah said.
“Oh yeah?” Gilla said. “What’s my favorite color?” Joyah froze and stared at her. “Exactly,” Gilla said. “It’s green, by the way. How about you?”
“I like red or gold,” Joyah said.
“Mine’s blue,” Jeff said, sheathing his sword and sitting across from Gilla.
“I don’t really have a favorite color,” Addri said. He didn’t look like he was sure whether he liked where this conversation was going or not. “I guess dark blue’s nice.”
“How do you spend your time?” Gilla asked. “And I mean free time you have for fun, not work or anything like that.”
“I go learn in the martial arts studio,” Joyah said. Her friends all rolled their eyes. “No, that’s not all I do!” Joyah said, annoyed. “You know, you guys all tease me for working for fun but you always go to an archery range.” She pointed an accusing finger at Gilla.
“Archery’s different,” Gilla said. “Besides, I also go riding, hunting, tracking, and do other stuff like that.”
 “I play with my cousins,” Joyah said. “I would have started going on hunts with the adults if it weren’t that I had to leave on my Journey.”
“How many cousins do you have?” Gilla asked, almost exasperated. “You always say ‘with my cousins’ but you never say anyone specific.”
“I don’t think anyone actually knows,” Joyah said. “Family members always are disappearing and reappearing in our house. I’ve memorized at least most of the aunts and uncles and that’s about it.”
“You mean you don’t know your entire family?” Jeff asked. They all looked surprised.
“No,” Joyah said. “There’re four of my cousins, Lily, Dan, Charlie, and Molly, and there’s Aunty, but other than that they come and go. I’ve never really thought about it before.”
“Your family’s weird,” Gilla said.
“Hey Archie, come over here,” Jeff called to Mal. “We’re getting to know each other.”
“I don’t know if any of you have noticed but I’m the only one keeping watch,” Mal said. “So unless some of you wish to volunteer to do that I cannot take time off to join your session.”
“I’ll do it!” Addri said immediately, jumping to his feet. Jeff and Gilla reached up and dragged him back down.
“No you aren’t,” Joyah said. “You’re the one here that needs to rest and get well, so you’re not going on watch just so you can avoid talking about your past. You don’t have to if you don’t want to anyway.” Addri sat down, grumbling.
“I’m perfectly able to-”
“No you’re not,” Joyah said. “At least not until you get better.”
“If you wanted me to get better then maybe we should have stayed at that village a little longer.”
“Of course I want you to get well, but we couldn’t stay there either. We’ve been over this-”
“Just because you get a little jumpy doesn’t mean that we all-”
“What do you mean get a little jumpy?! My Journey isn’t a laughing matter-”
“Just because it’s your Journey doesn’t give you the right to-”
“I’m not trying to be bossy I just-”
“Ookay,” said Jeff. “Why don’t Gilla and Joyah go help Mal take watch and Addri and I can… do something.”
Gilla jumped to her feet and pulled Joyah up with her.
“Great idea! Come on.” She dragged Joyah away from the boys. “Can’t you two ever have a conversation without getting into an argument?”
“We could if he wasn’t so pig headed,” Joyah grumbled. Mal snorted. Joyah narrowed her eyes at him. “What?”
“You calling someone else stubborn,” Mal said with a chuckle. Joyah put her hands on her hips and glared at him. He chuckled again and walked away towards the boys. “I think I’m being summoned. Don’t get distracted.” Joyah harrumphed at his back.
“I am not pig headed.”
Gilla perched on a large rock. Joyah crossed her arms over her chest and leaned against it. After a little while of watching the woods Joyah said, “I’m not trying to be bossy.”
“I know,” Gilla said simply.
“I just know bad things will happen if we ignore my Journey sense,” Joyah continued. Gilla rolled her eyes.
“Yes, we’ve been over this before, too many times. We all know.”
“Addri doesn’t,” she said softly.
“The heck with Addri,” Gilla said. “He’s just being an idiot.”
“Maybe he’s right, a least a little,” Joyah said. “We should have waited longer for him to get well.”
Gilla swung her legs around so they dangled off Joyah’s side of the rock and spun her around with her foot so they were facing each other. She leaned forward until she was right in Joyah’s face.
“Shut up. Staying there would have been wrong even if we don’t know why. Get a grip or I’ll deck you. No one’s gonna get anywhere with you sulking around being all angsty.”
“I’m not being angsty-”
“Yes you are so cut it out. Stop second guessing yourself. You’re supposed to be the one with the journey thing, whatever that is, here. Now get back to watch.”
Joyah turned back around and re-crossed her arms over her chest. She was not being angsty. Being chased through the countryside by a group of Assassins on your first time out in the world to keep a magical item safe when magic wasn’t supposed to be even existing anyway could make anyone edgy. That was a lot for a teenage girl to handle. Joyah leaned her head against the rock so she could see the gloomy sky. Most girls had boy and hormone problems. Not her. No, she had worldwide apocalyptic problems. She sighed and closed her eyes. She really needed to lighten up.
“You are supposed to be keeping watch.” Joyah opened her eyes to see Mal standing in front of her looking very disapproving.
“I was keeping watch. Can’t a girl take a moment to collect her thoughts?”
“No.”
“Gee, thanks. Keep working us like this and one of us is going to have a mental breakdown.”
“Keep slacking off like this and one of you is going to end up with a bolt through the stomach.”
Point made. Joyah sighed again and pushed herself from the rock.
“We should be going anyway. We need to get as close to that mountain as we can before the Assassins find us again.”
“Did your Journey sense tell you that?” Addri asked a little snidely.
Gilla bounced a pebble off his head.
“No, her common sense did, idiot. You’re just being sore because you hate being babied and getting told what to do by a girl.”
Addri’s mouth fell open a little bit.
“I am not-”
“Oh shut up nobody’s listening.” Gilla hopped off her rock and made her way towards the road.
Addri was still standing there in shock.
“I have no problem being told what to do by a girl,” he protested to the remaining people. Jeff clapped him on the shoulder.
“No, you kind of have problems taking direction from anybody.”
“Very funny.”
“Come on,” Jeff said. “She’ll leave without us.”
Gilla hadn’t started leaving without them, yet, but she was tapping her foot impatiently. When they all were ready she started off down the road. Joyah noticed that Mal walked in the back of the group, most likely to keep an eye for ambushes. She wasn’t the only one who needed to lighten up.
Joyah fell into step beside Jeff.
“Hey, did Mal tell you anything about his past when you guys were distracting Addri and me?” she whispered into his hear so Mal couldn’t hear.
“Nothing big,” Jeff whispered back. “His favorite color is yellow, he likes chicken noodle soup, and he loves badminton.”
“He told me he’s gone through this before,” Joyah said. “He’s traveled with a group of younger people and from what he told me they’re all either missing, dead, or crazy. What happened that made them end up that way that turned him so paranoid? I assume you’ve noticed his constant watch and obsession with look outs.” Jeff nodded.
“You know keeping watch isn’t a bad thing.”
“I know,” she whispered. “It’s just he does it so much it’s going to drive him into the ground.”
“Maybe we should take turns actually keeping look out so he doesn’t do it all.”
Joyah nodded.
“I’ll take his watch if you get him into a conversation.”
“Deal.”
She dropped back so she was walking next to Mal.
“Hey, I’ll take rear guard. Why don’t you go up front?” He looked at her suspiciously out of the corner of his eye. Joyah tried to look annoyed. “Hey, you’re the one who’s been telling me we need to keep watch. I’m trying to get into the habit and we only need one rear guard. You take a turn up front.”
Mal didn’t look totally convinced, but he quickened his pace and joined Gilla at the front. Jeff stepped up and started talking to him. The downside of this was that it left Joyah alone with Addri. Joyah narrowed her eyes at Jeff and Gilla. Was it her imagination or did they exchange triumphant looks? Her friends were more manipulative than she gave them credit for.
“I’m not being stubborn because you’re a girl,” Addri said suddenly.
Joyah blinked at him in surprise. She hadn’t expected him to be the first one to make an effort to make up.
“I know,” she said. “Jeff was right about you generally rebelling authority. We had the same problem with Gilla.”
“I thought so,” he said. “She has a crazy spirit. And she doesn’t pull her punches.”
Joyah pressed her lips together. It was her turn to swallow her pride.
“I’m sorry if I’ve been babying you, and maybe being a bit insensitive.”
“I don’t like people thinking I need to be protected,” he said. “Especially when I want to be the one p-” He cut off. Joyah clenched her jaw.
“You want to be the one protecting me.” He didn’t look at her. “I don’t need it,” she said.
“I don’t need it either,” he said. “You kind of do,” she said. “Sorry, but I don’t pull my punches either. You’ve been stabbed and you won’t be doing much until you’re better.”
“I’m not a wimp,” he said, sounding frustrated. “I do know how to fight. I hate being injured.”
“You aren’t a wimp just because you’re injured,” Joyah said. “I’d bench anyone here like this. Once you’re better we can fight together and you can play hero to your heart’s content. I know you’d do the same to me.” He couldn’t argue with that. She held out her hand. “Friends?”
He took it and looked into her eyes.
“Always, even when you’re a bothersome mother-hen.”
She smiled and looked away as she felt herself blush.
“Oh no!”
Joyah whipped around to face the front again, her hand immediately going to her sword. Gilla took off running up the path.
“No no no no no!”
“What is it?” Joyah called, but Gilla had already disappeared around a bend.
“She wouldn’t go running off into danger by herself, right?” Addri asked.
Jeff and Joyah looked at each other. “Don’t count on it.”
They found her down on one knee just beyond the bend. The road in front of them had disappeared under water.
“I should have known this place would be flooded with all this rain!” Gilla said angrily. “It’s a swamp area that continues on until near the base of the mountain. I should have known about it, I shouldn’t have led you this way!”
“You were just trying to find the fastest way,” Jeff said. “No one can blame you for making a mistake.”
“It can’t be all under water,” Joyah said. “Couldn’t there be some place that’s shallower where we can ford it?”
“Maybe,” Gilla said, “If you’re willing to risk shriveled feet and dangerous swamp animals.”
“Now is not the time to be sarcastic.”
“I was being serious. Are you guys willing to risk trying to cross it? If you are I might be able to find a way that’s a little less deep, or we could go around.”
“I’m in,” Addri said the same time Jeff said, “Let’s go across.”
“Time is of the essence,” Mal said. “We need to get as far as we can before getting caught, so I say we cross.”
“What do you say, Joyah?” Jeff asked.
Joyah stepped to the edge of the water and looked up at the mountains looming over the horizon.
“The fastest way to a given area is a straight line,” Joyah said, pointing towards the mountains. She turned back to her friends. “If that means cutting across the swamps I say we go. How much time do you think we have, Mal?” He sighed.
“You kids need to realize that I’m not a clock. We were attacked a couple days ago-”
“Forty-five hours,” Gilla cut in. “Roughly.” They stared at her. “Internal clock, remember?” she said, pointing at her head.
“I’m not going to ask,” Addri said. Mal continued.
“We’ve had roughly forty-five hours since we last attacked, so we could be under ambush within two days or so. That doesn’t mean we should let our guard down, though. We could be attacked any minute.”
“Right,” Joyah said. “So we’d better get going.”


Chapter 14
The Swamp


Gilla led them along the edge of the water into the trees. She watched the flooded land as they went. Finally she stopped.
“Here,” she said. “There’s a sunken tree that leads to a higher patch of ground. Just be careful not to slip off.” She stepped out onto the log, which was barely visible below the murky water.
Joyah went next. So far the water didn’t reach the top of her boots. That was good. She didn’t want to think about what it would feel like to be wading in mud soaked boots. She’d gone barefoot plenty of times at home and never thought about it, but back then there had been a place to get dry. There would be nowhere to dry their feet here until they got to whatsitcalled town.
Addri came after her. She glanced back to see the water flood over the tops of his shoes. She did not envy him. Jeff came after Addri, and Mal took up the rear. He also wasn’t wearing boots. The water flooded his shoes just as easily as they did Addri’s.
Gilla smiled as he grimaced. “What, worried about a little mud?”
“You say that now,” Addri said. “That water came pretty close to the top of your boots.”
“Yeah, your lightweight boots will be the next to get flooded,” Joyah agreed.
“We have no time for bantering,” Mal said. “We must get as far as we can before-”
“Before they catch us, we know, we know.” Gilla said, rolling her eyes. She started leading the boys through the shallow water.
Mal stayed where he was.
“You’re not taking this seriously,” he said angrily. “We could be attacked at any moment and if we aren’t prepared we could be killed!”
“I am,” Joyah said. “So is she, she just doesn’t show it. She does the same thing when it comes to the jewel and this Journey.”
“Even if you think you’re doing a good job of staying attentive and being prepared it might not be enough,” he said. “Getting cocky will get you killed. It’s happened before and it won’t happen again. I’m not failing a second time.”
“I doubt whatever happened before was your fault,” she said. “I think you’re just blaming yourself. You know what’ll get you killed? Carrying self-imposed guilt around like that. We can’t afford to have you do something stupid.”
“Stop giving advice on something you know nothing about, Pain,” he said angrily. He moved to push past her.
She flung out an arm to stop him.
“I don’t know what happened in your past, but if you really want to help us now then you need to let that go. The strain of that guilt can break you or drive you to do something stupid and get yourself killed. We can’t afford that.” She dropped her arm. “Now go catch up. I’m taking rear guard so you can take the time to clear your head. No arguing.”
It was rather annoying being in the back. Every time they had to stop for something she had to call up to find out what was happening. Joyah decided she liked being up front where she could see the problem right away and help fix it. She was willing to hang out in rear guard, though, if it meant giving Mal some time to relax. She doubted he would anyway.
Joyah could see the change in the woods as they neared the actual swamp. The ground had more mud under the layer of water so every time they brought their foot up it had to be yanked out of the sucking mud with a squish. The water and mud combined made it deep enough to flood Gilla’s boots and come to the tops of Joyah’s and Jeff’s. Flies and other bugs flew about their heads and bit bare skin. The trees and vines started getting covered more and more with wet moss, and the low lying shrubs turned from bushes to ferns. Eventually Joyah started spotting frogs and snakes instead of squirrels, birds, and rodents.
“So what lives here exactly?” Joyah asked.
“A lot of stuff actually,” Gilla called back from the front. “There are frogs and water snakes. Don’t touch the frogs, some of them have poisonous skin. The green pit viper grows up to four feet long and has venom without a known cure. There’s the swamp snake and the black swamp snake-”
“Please stop talking about snakes,” Jeff said.
“What’s the difference?” Addri asked, ignoring him.
“The first one has black lines down the sides of the belly scales and the second ones have black triangle patterns down the sides,” Gilla said. “Other than that I don’t know, I’ve never seen one. There’s also the cottonmouth and anacondas-”
“Okay I think we get it,” Jeff cut in quickly. “Stay away from the snakes.”
“Not all snakes are dangerous,” Gilla said. “Mostly they just want to be left alone. The water eels are harmless. There are alligators and crocodiles, crayfish, turtles-”
“So a lot of stuff,” Joyah said. “Forget I asked.”
Splash. Joyah groaned. She’d stepped off the path and now her boot was flooded.
“Watch your step,” Gilla called back.
“A little late,” Joyah growled. Jeff snickered. She yanked her foot out of the water… and left her boot behind. “Oh you’ve got to be kidding me!” At the front of the line Jeff and Gilla looked at each other and immediately started trying not to laugh.
 Addri grinned and maneuvered around Mal to reach Joyah. He took her arm to balance her as she yanked her boot out of the water. She turned it upside down. Mud fell away in big glops.
“Great.” She ignored Jeff and Gilla’s snickers and submerged her boot in the water to get the mud out. “These were new, too.”
“I bet it’ll be fine once it dries,” Addri said.
Joyah glared over at Jeff.
“You’re laughing now, but you’ll be next.”
Every other time Joyah stepped it squished. She wondered how everyone else (but Jeff) survived having each step squish. They probably were used to it by now.
An hour later Joyah called up that they should take a stop as soon as Gilla saw a dry place.
“Sure,” Gilla called back. “That should be easy. How about over there.”
‘Over there’ was off the strip of only slightly flooded bit of land they were walking on and into the muddy water.
“Very funny,” Joyah said. “A dry-er place then. As in only a couple inches of water instead of half a foot.”
“This is about as dry as it gets,” she said. “We could go on a bit and possibly maybe find some rocks to sit on or we could make due here.”
“I say we just make due here,” Joyah said. If they kept going her friends would want to go on until they found what they were looking for, which would mean that they wouldn’t stop for a long while.
“Make due?” Addri said. “That means standing around in shin deep water for a while. If we’re going to stay on our feet we might as well keep moving and make something out of it.”
“Addri, make due means we use our imagination,” Gilla said. She jumped, caught a branch, and swung up into a tree. “See? I can solve problems!”
Mal stood beside Joyah as Jeff boosted Addri into a tree. “He’s doing better,” he said.
She nodded and grinned. “I noticed he went farther this time before looking worn out.” Addri was going to be okay. Finally something was going right. She didn’t know what she would have done if she’d lost him. She didn’t want to know.
“Hey you two,” Gilla called. “Do you want to hang around all day on the ground or are you going to find somewhere dry?”
Addri leaned down from his branch and offered her a hand up. She didn’t want it, but she took it anyway. She settled farther down on the same branch as him. The branch dipped but didn’t break off. Mal stepped onto a log off their path.
It was a much more uncomfortable break than what they’d had back in the forest. Bugs were constantly biting them and everyone but Gilla didn’t think a log or tree limb was a good place to hang out for a while. They did manage to get their shoes a little dryer, though.
After a half an hour (according to Gilla) they decided to keep going. Joyah hopped down from the tree first. The splash sent water down the tops of her boots.
“Gah! Oh great. Watch out coming down, Jeff.”
For the other three, watery footwear was unavoidable. None of them enjoyed re-soaking their feet any more than Joyah did.
“Lucky,” Addri grumbled at Jeff.
“It’s called good planning,” Jeff said. “Bigger boots will keep your feet safer and dryer.”
“They also are noisier and clumsier,” Gilla said. “Anyone could hear you from a mile away.”
Joyah saw movement out of the corner of her eye. She scanned the water as her friends continued bantering. Nothing.
“Guys,” she said softly. “Something’s out there.”
Gilla stepped up beside Joyah and scanned the swamp. “I don’t see anyone. Do you, Mal?” He shook his head. “How big was it?” Gilla asked. “It could have been an animal like one of the eels or snakes...”
“Or it could be an Assassin,” Jeff finished quietly.
Joyah motioned for them to keep walking. She put her back to a nearby tree and peered around it. If anyone was watching they’d move to follow her friends and she’d see them. Nothing. Maybe it was really an eel or a frog. She drew her sword just in case as she stepped out from behind the tree. She’d been fooled before at the library and she wasn’t doing it again.
Something shot out of the water so fast she barely saw it. If Joyah hadn’t been so prepared it would have crushed her foot. As it was, she could feel the light wind that its jaws made as they snapped shut. She stumbled back from the giant reptile and slashed at its eye. It hissed in pain and drew back, its jaws opening wide to show its teeth. Those teeth had almost closed on her foot. She gulped.
An arrow imbedded itself inside the reptile’s open mouth. Before either Joyah or the lizard could react another one whizzed past her ear. Joyah whipped around to see two more of the creatures coming up behind her. The closest one had an arrow sticking through its top jaw. Thank you, Gilla. Joyah held her sword out so any charging lizards would run into it before getting at her and backed up as quickly as she could. It was better to let Gilla drive these away. Against the speed and jaws of the reptiles close combat was too risky.
The creatures weren’t finished, though. The first one scuttled to try to get around Joyah’s sword. She moved to keep it in sight while Gilla held off the other two. The one with the arrow through the jaw gave up and slid back into the water. Jeff stepped forward and swung his sword wildly at the first one to scare it away. It backed away, turning to keep them in sight with its good eye. Suddenly it hissed and lunged under Joyah’s blade. She leaned forward and drove her sword into its scaly back. It hissed again and backed away once more. Finally deciding to find less dangerous prey, it slid back into the water. Joyah looked up to see that the third had already left.
“Are you okay?” Addri asked.
“That was stupid,” Mal told her.
“No, it was brave,” Jeff said. “None of us could have anticipated a full on crocodile assault.”
“I was thinking if we were being watched they’d move to follow you and I’d see where they were,” Joyah said. “Besides, I didn’t get my foot chewed off and we know no one’s watching us.”
“We should go,” Gilla said. “If crocodiles live around here it would be better for us and the crocs if we got out of their territory.”
“You care whether we shoot a couple crocs?” Addri asked. “Gilla, those things almost had Joyah for dinner!”
She rounded on him. “We eat deer, does that mean we should get shot?!”
“Okay,” Joyah cut in before they got into a fight. “We really should be going. Lead the way Gilla, and everyone keep a look out for those reptiles.”
Joyah went behind Gilla this time. She was sick of being stuck in the back.
“I warned you that going through the swamp might be dangerous, you know,” Gilla said over her shoulder.
“You didn’t say there would be five foot long lizards with sharp teeth ready to eat us alive before we were already in it,” Jeff said.
“We would have gone through anyway,” Joyah said. “At least I would have. These crocadillies or whatever they’re called are worth it if we get a lead on the Assassins.”
“Crocadillies?” Gilla said incredulously. “Did you just call crocodiles crocadillies?”
Joyah resisted the urge to push her into the swamp.
“It’s not like I even knew what crocodiles were before one tried to eat me.”
“Still, crocadillies? That’s what we should call them from now on. That’ll sound ferocious. Oh, look out, here come some crocadillies!”
Joyah couldn’t resist the urge to push her, though not hard enough for her to fall off the log they were crossing. The boys laughed behind her.
“Oh shut up,” Joyah said. “Someday we’re going to run into something that I know and you don’t and then it’ll be my turn to laugh.”
“Not likely,” they said together.
Gilla stopped suddenly and held up her hand to call a halt. She did it so suddenly that although Joyah was able to stop in time, Addri bumped into Jeff who bumped into her. Joyah caught her balance and glared back at them. Then she turned back to Gilla.
“What is it, more crocodiles?”
Gilla moved her hand farther back in a sharp shut up gesture. She looked like she was listening. Joyah did too, but she heard nothing.
Gilla turned around and whispered in her ear.
“I’m going to scout. Stay here.” Then she handed her the pack and slipped off silently into the swamp.
Jeff raised his eyebrow at Joyah. She leaned in close and whispered, “I think she heard something. She’s going to check it out.” She peered off in the direction that Gilla had gone in while the message was being passed back. She made her decision. “Stay here,” she whispered before handing Jeff Gilla’s pack and following her friend into the swamp.
Joyah hadn’t had as much experience as Gilla did in moving silently, but she had grown up in a small village and wasn’t bad at it herself. She thought she was doing pretty well when movement caught her eye. She focused on the area it had come from until she spotted what it had been. It was a hand, Gilla’s hand, raised in a stop gesture. She followed the arm down to find her friend, crouched behind some ferns and staring intently off into the woods. Joyah followed her gaze and saw… nothing. Nothing but the water, some ferns, and trees casting shadows in the late light…
Shadows. Joyah had to keep her hand from creeping to her sword. The Assassins weren’t going to find them in a couple days. The Assassins were here.
It took Joyah what felt like forever to finally make out the outline of the people in the shadows. If she hadn’t known they were there and what to look for she would never have seen them at all. She went cold when she realized that they were staring in her direction. Apparently Joyah’s approach and Gilla’s sharp hand movement hadn’t only attracted each other’s attention. Joyah held as still as she could. If her silent approach and Gilla’s small movement had attracted this much attention then her moving to find cover would be like sending an arrow with Dragon Weed attached to it into the sky. It was good she had been already crouching low. All she could do was pray to her ancestors they didn’t see her.
Apparently they didn’t. Finally they started moving on. Joyah didn’t dare let her breath out until they were many yards away. She looked at Gilla, who looked as relieved as she felt.
“Can I talk?” she mouthed. Gilla shook her head and glared at her. Joyah got the message. She should have stayed put. Gilla turned back to watch the woods where the Assassins had gone just in case they came back. 
Joyah drew her sword and swept it up at a shadow that had materialized behind Gilla’s back. Her blade caught the wrist in which the man held a dagger that he was preparing to stab her with. He didn’t scream, but he hissed in pain as his dagger fell from his useless hand. Gilla whipped around and shot in one motion, the arrow flying over Joyah’s shoulder to hit someone behind her. Joyah pivoted to put her back to Gilla’s, who was already shooting at someone in the other direction.
If she had to make an estimate Joyah would have guessed that there were three Assassins on her side. They would pop out and strike at her before disappearing immediately. Everything depended on whether or not her reflexes were fast enough. She had to deflect them and hit them fast before they disappeared. In the end her reflexes won and she took out her opponents. She turned to help Gilla just as the other girl shot her last attacker.
“I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have come,” she said.
Gilla shook her head. “Those guys that just attacked us weren’t with that last group. I think they had small groups combing the swamps to find us. If you hadn’t come I’d be dead.”
Movement caught the corner of their eyes. Joyah turned to see an Assassin they’d missed bring a tiny whistle to his lips and blow.
It was so high she could barely detect a faint sound just outside her spectrum of hearing.  She only heard it at all because she was expecting a whistle noise. It lasted only a second before Gilla shot it out of his hand, but Joyah could detect the sound bouncing among the trees around them. Joyah and Gilla looked at each other.
“We’ve gotta get back to the guys,” Joyah said. Together they turned and sprinted back the way they came.
The guys met them half way.
“What happened?” Mal demanded. “They set off the warning whistle!”
“I think he’s gone insane,” Addri said. “Neither of us heard a thing.”
“You wouldn’t, it can’t be heard unless you know it’s coming,” Joyah said.
“The Assassins know we’re here and it’s not her fault,” Gilla summed up.
“We’re moving, now,” Joyah said.
They didn’t bother trying to be quiet. It wouldn’t matter. The Assassins already knew their general area and after managing to track them halfway across the region none of them had any doubts that they could find them in one swamp.
“Keep an eye out,” Joyah said over her shoulder as they ran. “They’ll pop out of anywhere at any moment. We’ll only have a half a second to deflect and hit back.”
Jeff skidded to a stop and grabbed her collar. A knife sliced the air right before her.
“Watch where you’re going!” he exclaimed.
Joyah thrust at the shadow who’d nearly cut her face off, hitting the guy before he could completely draw back into the shadows. Behind her Jeff barely nicked someone. Mal and Addri, who were going after the same guy, missed theirs altogether.
“They’re moving to surround us,” Gilla said. She had skidded to a stop after Jeff had stopped Joyah and was scanning the forest.
“This isn’t working,” Joyah said.
“If we split up we can move faster,” Jeff said.
Joyah nodded. “Okay. Gilla and Jeff in one group. Me, Mal, and Addri with the map in another.”
“We can meet up here,” Gilla said, taking out the map and pointing out a location to Addri. He nodded, tracing out a good trail to the spot with his eyes. “Good luck,” Gilla said, and then the two groups separated.
Separating was either going to be a really good idea or backfire spectacularly. Joyah glanced over her shoulder in time to see Gilla and Jeff disappear into the swamp. That was the only worry for them she could spare. She needed to concentrate on keeping her own group alive.
An Assassin popped up next to Addri, who was holding the map and trying to navigate to the meeting point. Joyah stepped up and intercepted his blade with her own, sliding it away. Addri went for his dagger.
“No,” Joyah commanded. “Your priority is the map. We’ll take care of the Assassins.” He did not look happy with his assignment, but at that point she didn’t care.
Joyah kicked the Assassin she was fighting in the gut. He fell back into the swamp water and disappeared below the surface.  She hoped the crocodiles got him. She turned and ran to catch up to the guys. She ran past Addri and attacked another Assassin hiding in the shadows. This one she disarmed and stabbed through the gut. Then she pivoted and came in low below Mal’s arms, hitting one of the two he was fighting. The woman fell backwards into the water. Her companion disappeared into the trees. Mal stepped around Joyah and attacked someone ready to stab her in the back while she caught up to Addri again. She blocked a dagger coming at him with a move Jeff had taught her. She thought about him as she did it and hoped he was okay. No time for that, she scolded herself. Keep track of what’s happening now.
The block she used was a high one, so she slashed down diagonally at her opponent’s exposed chest. He stepped backwards and stumbled on a root. Normally she would have stepped in to finish him off as their blades unlocked, but Mal and Addri had passed her. They could not risk the chance of separating even more than they already had.
An arrow barely missed her foot as she ran to catch her friends. She glanced up in the direction it had come from without stopping. She couldn’t tell which shadow it had come from until another arrow came shooting in her direction. She managed to duck it and found herself missing Gilla. “Mal, an archer!” she called. Arrows continued to fall around her as Mal drew a throwing knife. She pointed behind her at the tree. He brought his arm back and let the knife fly. She didn’t look back but she could hear the soft thunk of the knife hitting its target followed by the much larger thump of a body hitting the ground.
Joyah dropped to her knees and slid under Mal’s outstretched throwing arm, water spraying everywhere. She jumped up and simultaneously brought her sword up in a high block. She slid the mace that had been aimed at the back of Mal’s head off to one side and side kicked the man behind it. Then she pivoted and lunged into a woman who appeared out of the shadows next to Addri.
Addri turned to the right and began in that direction. Joyah stumbled at the sudden change of direction before hurrying to stay with him. She stopped herself from telling him to warn her before he did something like that next time. It was best to keep the Assassins guessing. For a couple yards no one attacked. Joyah couldn’t help but smirk from the image in her head of the Assassins scrambling to get ahead of them again.
“Where are we going?” she asked Addri. His steps faltered as he tried to juggle the map and his dagger. She took his dagger from him. “This is why I told you to keep your weapon away. Are we heading in the right direction?”
He surveyed the map and the area around them as Joyah blocked another Assassin.
“I think so. We still have a long ways to go, though.”
“We can’t keep doing this forever,” Mal said. “Eventually someone’s going to get lucky. Then we’ll be sitting ducks.”
“We can hold them off,” Joyah said confidently. “We’re the better fighters here and we have a stronger motivation. The people of this world depend on us and we won’t let them down.” Addri and Mal seemed to become a little more determined at her words. She only wished she believed what she was saying.
Mal took the map from Addri and handed him his dagger.
“Here, take this.”
“Mal, what are you doing?” Joyah demanded. She stepped up to help Addri hold off two shadows he suddenly had to fight. Mal scanned the map before frowning and re-exchanging it with Addri for his dagger.
“What were you looking for?” Addri asked.
Mal shook his head and stabbed an Assassin in the stomach.
“I thought I might have had an idea, but it won’t work.”
Up ahead and to their right Joyah saw the land begin to slope upwards. It looked like a bunch of rocks created a large island amongst the swamp. As they drew closer an odd sound caught her ear. She looked at her friends. They heard it too.
“What is it?” Addri asked.
“It sounds like something really big moving,” Joyah said.
Just then the side of the hill seemed to cave in as mud and rocks tumbled down across it. Joyah had just enough time for her eyes to widen and to brace herself before the mud hit them. She grabbed Addri’s arm to keep him from being knocked backwards. The mud went up to her thighs. Even if she wanted to keep going she couldn’t. At least the Assassins would be just as stuck as they were. The mud was worse than she had experienced while traveling on the road with Jen, like the time she’d stopped the wagon…
Joyah got an idea. She closed her eyes. She calmed her thoughts and blocked out all outside noise. All outside sensations slowly faded away. She breathed in and out slowly, centering her internal energies. Then she pushed them out into one force.
Her eyes snapped open. She lifted one foot, the current of the mud dragging her backward, and tried moving it forward. It was working! She set her foot down and tried the other one. She slowly inched forward, dragging Addri and Mal along behind her.
It had only been a couple seconds when the mud was starting to slow.
“Lift your feet,” she called back. “We don’t want them getting stuck.” It felt like forever, though it was probably only a minute, when they finally reached the edge of the mudslide. “We’ve gotten a small lead on the Assassins,” Joyah told them as they started running again. “Let’s hope that’ll be enough.”
Joyah stumbled on a rock. A bolt flew through the air where her neck would have been and embedded itself in a tree. She and Addri glanced back. She could see dark figures struggling through the mud. Some of them had crossbows.
“Doesn’t look like it’s going to be enough,” Addri said.
They rounded a corner. At least for the moment they were out of sight. Suddenly Mal grabbed them by their collars and threw them into a crevice in the rocks. They landed in a jumbled heap.
“This way, come on!” Mal yelled a little too loudly. He took off running away to the left. Joyah held out her arm to keep Addri from going out. It was too late. There was nothing they could do but not get caught. They held very still until the shadows had all passed.
Joyah crawled out of the crevice first. She stood and stared in the direction where Mal and the Assassins had gone.
“Why did you do it, Mal? Don’t you know we’re safer together?”
Addri climbed to his feet. “We have to go after him.”
After a moment Joyah shook her head.
“What’s done is done. It would be more dangerous now to try to follow them.” She peered back into the crevice. “It looks like we could fit through here. I wonder where it goes.”
Addri looked at the map. “I think the rocks are full of holes like this.”
“This is what he was looking for,” Joyah said. “A way to get us to safety.”
She crouched down and slipped back into the crevice. The boulders on either side were close together but she managed to get through them. A couple yards in the crevice shifted sharply upwards. Above her she could see cloudy sky peeking through. She easily climbed the rocks until she levered herself out of the crevice and on top of the island. She looked around her. The island was larger than she had originally thought. The rocks were covered with moss in areas. Mud and stones filled in most of the spaces between the boulders, which was most likely the cause of the mud slide. A few small trees sprouted up here and there. They blocked her view of the far edge of it.
Addri pulled himself out of the crevice behind her. He took in their surroundings. “Gilla would have loved this.” She silently agreed. There were so many places to climb and hide. “Maybe we’ll meet up with the other two here,” he suggested.
“Why would we?” she asked.
He held out the map. “Look, Gilla and Jeff ran to the right of this big pile and we ran to the left. If they encountered it then I bet Gilla would want to climb it. If we head towards the right ridge then maybe we’ll find them.”
“Maybe. That would be good. I’m beginning to think that splitting up like this wasn’t such a good idea after all.” They had more mobility but there were less people to watch each other’s backs. Also, small groups too easily deteriorated into individuals, which was unacceptable.
Addri rolled up the map, thought there was nowhere to put it since Mal and Gilla had the packs. Joyah went to take the lead, but he stepped in front of her to go first. She let him do it. He knew the way better anyway. It was nice moving without having to run or fight. Climbing on rocks was a lot different than trudging through the swamp around them. There was still the danger of stepping on mud and having it collapse out from under them, but it was more jumping and watching their step than yanking up their foot and hoping their shoe came with it. The bugs were still there, though. Joyah’s arms were going to be totally covered with little pink bumps by the time they finally got out of the swamp.
They passed a couple crevices, but most of them looked like dead ends. Finally they passed one that looked like it went farther than usual.
“Hey Addri, wait a minute.” Joyah crouched down and leaned in to look. It definitely went somewhere. “What do you think about this? It might be safer to travel under the rocks.” He knelt next to her to look in it too. Her stomach fluttered from having him so close.
“We could miss Gilla and Jeff.”
“But we’d be hidden from sight from the Assassins.”
He straightened and shrugged. “Whatever you want.”
She smiled. “If you really want to keep going up here we could. I just think it would be safer to use this.”
“No, that’s okay.” He jumped down into the crevice. “It looks like it goes in the right direction. Come on.”
She jumped down into the crevice behind him, showering the ground with pebbles. Light peeked through the rocks above them, making the tunnel a mix of shadow and sun. She hated shadows. At least these weren’t big enough to hide a person.
The left path veered off way away from the direction they had been going. Joyah was starting to wonder whether they should have just braved the swamp when they came upon a side passage. It was pitch black and almost too small to get through. Joyah eyed it distrustfully. Shadows, ugh.
Addri stopped and looked back.
“It leads right.”
It did. She was not getting afraid of the dark. She stepped into the corridor.
Her feet slipped out from under her. Joyah twisted around and grabbed the intersection.
“Joyah!” Addri cried. He grabbed her hand and helped pull her back up.
“Right,” she said as she sat on the thankfully flat ground. “I think fate’s trying to tell us to keep going left.”
The left passage continued on for longer than Joyah had anticipated. There was no point in going back after coming so far, though. Finally the crevice turned sharply downward. Not too far along the ground beneath her hands began to squish.
“Shoot,” she said. “I think this leads back out into the swamp.”
“Is it too late to go back?” Addri asked.
“We’d have to crawl backwards the whole way,” Joyah said. “And we’d lose the ground we just made.”
“You don’t have to get your feet wet if we go back out into the swamp,” Addri said. “My feet still aren’t dry from the last time.”
“Mine neither, but we might as well keep going,” she said. “If Gilla were here she’d say to stop being such a baby.”
“Well Gilla’s not here and don’t you start talking like her,” Addri said.
Joyah crawled the rest of the way out of the crevice. She stepped forward and her foot sank knee deep into the water. She reached down and yanked her foot out, making sure the boot came with it. So much for dryer feet.
“Watch your step when you get out here,” she called back. “There’s a drop off into deep water.” She stepped to one side to make room for him.
Once he was out she picked her way along the side of the island, testing the ground in front of her as she went to make sure that there was ground under the layer of water instead of just more water. The rocks to her right were too steep to climb yet. They’d have to find an easier way up farther along.
Movement caught her eye. Joyah crouched down more and dragged Addri lower.
“What?” he whispered.
She held up her hand to quiet him. She kept scanning the woods. She didn’t see anything again, but that didn’t mean there was nothing there. Everything in the swamp besides her, Addri, and Jeff was hard to see. Finally she saw something in the shadows of the swamp. It wasn’t as big as an adult or as low down as a crocodile. It was…
She grabbed Addri’s arm. “Addri, it’s Gilla.” Joyah started moving as quickly as she could towards the girl without making noise. “We can’t catch her attention or call to her without letting the Assassins hear us, so we need to catch up with her.”
It was harder than she thought it would be to catch up with the other girl. Gilla moved easily and silently through the swamp while Joyah was struggling with doing both. Addri on the other hand was making enough noise that she was surprised Gilla and half the forest hadn’t heard them. To her dismay she realized that they were falling behind. In desperation she picked up a stick and threw it at her. It was a dangerous move and could attract attention if anyone was around, but it was better than yelling or running.
The stick fell to the ground behind Gilla, but it was enough to make her whip around. She quickly spotted them (probably because of Addri), and her cherubic face broke into a huge grin. She ran back to them so easily that it just wasn’t fair and threw her arms around Joyah.
“You’re here, this is great!” She stepped back. “Where’s Mal?”
“We don’t know,” Joyah said. “Where’s Jeff?”
Her smiled disappeared. “We came back to look for you after we realized splitting up was a mistake and he got caught in a mud slide. I can’t find him.”
Addri and Joyah looked at each other.
“The mud slide!” he said.
Gilla looked in between them. “What?”
“We were hit with a mud slide a little farther back,” Addri said. “Joyah did this weird close-eyes-and-sudden-strength thing and we managed to get out of it before the Assassins.”
“Tā māde niǎo, we must have just missed him!” Joyah said, frustrated. They lost Mal and found Gilla who’d lost Jeff. They were never splitting up again.
Someone stepped out of the shadows in front of Joyah. She froze as the shadow leveled a sword at the throat. More shadows stepped out around them. They were surrounded.
Everyone moved at once. Joyah stepped in front of Addri. She deflected two thrusts coming at them. She would have continued on the attack if Addri wasn’t behind her. She stepped back into him to get them closer to Gilla. Someone lunged under the last person’s thrust. She deflected it to one side. The first two thrust at her again. She deflected them again. She brought her sword handle down on the third person’s hand. Something cracked in his wrist. She lunged over the first person’s sword and hit him in the chest. The second person would have faded into the shadows if he hadn’t seen an opening. Unfortunately for him Joyah was faster than he’d thought. She slid his blade high and slashed his stomach.
“Gilla, move,” she said. She pivoted and lunged blindly past Addri. Gilla had listened (for once) and was clear. Joyah’s sword hit the guy she’d been fighting. Joyah whipped back around. She hit the second guy again with a thrust under his sword for good measure. Third guy tried to get her with a knife. She stepped to one side to avoid it. Addri stepped in and caught the guy’s wrist. She had to leave him to it since another shadow was attacking her back. She shifted her grip on her sword so she could stab behind her without turning around. Her sword got her opponent in the stomach.
She righted her grip and turned around. Gilla was holding her own. She was playing target practice with some crossbowmen in the woods. She was the better shot. Joyah stepped forward and lunged at a shadow. He disappeared before her lunge hit. She thrust at another one. No luck. She did that thrice more and hit twice. She thrust at a shadow she knew wasn’t a person. The real shadow person stepped into the opening she’d left. She slashed him before he could get close enough to hit her. She whipped around and threw Addri’s dagger at a shadow across from her. He deflected it easily. Gilla shot him while he was distracted.
Something shot out of the water at Joyah. She leaped to one side in time to avoid the crocodile’s menacing jaws. The situation had suddenly turned from hard to impossible. She ran over to Addri, who had managed to disarm and knock out the knife fighter.
“Gilla, time to go!”
Gilla leaped over another crocodile, ducked a bolt, and stopped next to them to shoot an arrow back at someone. Joyah grabbed Addri’s wrist, turned, and ran.
“But what about Jeff?!” Gilla exclaimed. She stayed farthest back to shoot arrows back into the confusion they were trying to escape from.
“We’ll find him,” Joyah called back. “But first we have to survive this!”
“Look out!” Addri yelled. He yanked Joyah off to one side. Her feet landed in some deep water that went up to her knees. A blade slashed the air where her head had been.
“Gilla, behind you!” she yelled. Gilla ducked under the first swing and hit the guy in the stomach with her bow before he could fade away. Joyah jumped to help her. Her feet stuck in the mud and she nearly fell flat on her face. The guy caught Gilla’s bow and yanked it towards him. She let go of the string and it snapped back to hit him in the nose. Addri jumped forward and tried to punch him in the back of the head. He caught Addri’s fist and flipped the boy over his head to land on Gilla. He stepped back into the shadows… and ran right into Joyah’s blade. She’d finally made it out of the water.
“EEEK!” Something in her boot had wiggled!
“What the heck!?” Gilla cried, running over to her. “Anyone in the swamp will know where we are now!”
Joyah yanked off her boot and turned it upside down. Among the mud that fell out came a huge leech. Gilla stopped and stared. Addri leaped forward and squished it.
“You’re lucky you’re wearing socks,” Gilla said, stunned. “That thing looked nasty.”
Joyah yanked back on her boot. “Stay out of the water.”
“No kidding.”
A flicker of motion caught the corner of her eye.
“Move!” Joyah yelled, diving to one side. She rolled to her feet. The Assassin attacked immediately, trying to catch her off guard. She ducked under his blade. “Run!” she yelled, though she couldn’t see her friends in the confusion. Joyah took off in the direction they had been going. She dodged between the trees, weaving in and out of the underbrush to try to throw off pursuit. Eventually she stopped. Joyah ducked behind a large fern and looked around. She didn’t see anyone. She didn’t see anyone at all. Tā māde niǎo! she mentally yelled, smacking herself on the forehead. She’d lost Gilla and Addri too! We ran in different directions, she thought angrily. Next time make sure you stay with your group, idiot!


Chapter 15
Crocodiles and Assassins


Joyah peered through the ferns again. There was no sign of either of them. She let out her breath in frustration and ran her hand through her wet hair. She could go try to find them, but it would be like finding a needle in a haystack (which she’d actually tried once). Gilla would keep them both hidden, so Joyah would be more likely to find some Assassins than her friends. She could go back for Jeff, but that would mean wading back into Assassin-infested woods. Actually, that wasn’t necessarily true. The Assassins would have been on their trail, so they would have moved out of the way. Plus Gilla would probably want to go back for him anyway, so Joyah had a higher chance of running into all three of them that way. And if she happened to run into some Assassins along the way then so be it. She felt like taking out her anger on someone anyway.
Her decision made, Joyah moved from behind the ferns and headed back in the direction she’d come. She stayed low and kept her eyes moving. This time she wanted to be the one to catch her enemy off guard, not the other way around. She was sick of this mindless running, so this time she was prepared and ready to fight.
Joyah didn’t encounter any obstacles on her way back. She was both relieved and disappointed. It was nice not having to fight, but she would have enjoyed taking her anger out on someone. It didn’t take long for Joyah to reach a flat rock that would allow her to get up on the island. There she ran into a problem. Jeff would go up there to find Gilla again. Joyah’s feet were wet and she didn’t want to leave footprints. Foot prints would lead too many people straight towards her. But there was no other way to see if Jeff was still up there. Finally she sighed and climbed up onto the rock.
A small noise caught her attention. It came from the direction she had just come from. Someone had found her footprints. There was no place to hide. She couldn’t sneak away. Joyah crouched behind a nearby rock with her sword ready. If it was an enemy she’d have to fight, but she’d be ready. She peeked around the rock as the figure climbed into view.
Joyah had to stop herself from leaping to her feet.
“Mal!” she hissed.
Mal stopped short and stared disapprovingly at the rock.
“I was expecting someone with a little less sense.”
She slipped out from behind the rock and hugged him. “I’m so glad you’re alright!”
“What were you thinking?” he demanded. “You left a trail so obvious Raymond could follow it.”
She stepped back and folded her arms over her chest.
“Hey, you are not the one who’s allowed to be angry here! What were you thinking running off alone like that? We cannot afford to do foolish things that might lose us a member of our group.”
“You’re the one talking about foolish things? That trail you left was downright lazy.”
“It’s one stupid trail!” she exclaimed. She stepped forward so she was right in his face. “I had no choice. If an enemy found it then I would fight, but I had to take the chance if it meant trying to find Jeff. But you put your life in danger on purpose and by doing so you also endangered our lives because there were less people to protect each other. We needed you and you just went off by yourself.” He opened his mouth to say something, but she cut him off. “We stick together and protect each other. That’s what friends do.”
He sputtered for a moment. Finally he said, “Where’s Addri?”
Joyah inwardly fumed at the change in subject.
“I don’t know,” she said. She walked a couple steps away and examined the rock. “I saw Gilla and Addri and I chased her down. Then I lost those two and came back here to try to find Jeff.”
“So,” he said slowly. “The person with the map and the one real forester are lost together and the person with the least experience in woods is alone.”
She looked back at him. “Oh, yeah. That’s bad.”
He made a wry laugh. “That’s an understatement.”
Joyah left the rock and moved to the edge of the island.
“I was hoping to meet Gilla and Addri here. She’d insist on coming back.”
“And he’d insist on finding you.”
Joyah winced. “Yeah, I was counting on Gilla being more stubborn.”
Mal sighed and rubbed his hand through his hair as he came to stand next to her.
“And that’s assuming they can actually make it back.”
“Yeah.”
“Well, it’s not a great plan, but I guess it’s the best we’ve got.”
“I guess we’re going to have to walk through the swamp again so no one knows which direction we went.”
Mal sighed again. “I guess we must,” he said in a painful voice. Mal winced when he stepped back into the swamp. “There are some things I missed about adventuring and some things I didn’t. Horrid terrain was one of them.”
Joyah slapped a bug trying to bite her arm.
“And the wildlife too, I bet. Come on.” Joyah led the way through the swamp, doing her best to find the driest spots while still keeping a lookout for danger. She got a new appreciation for what Gilla had been doing all along.
They didn’t encounter any snakes, leeches, Assassins, or crocodiles for a while. Joyah glanced at the island and saw something that made her stop.
“Oh no,” she groaned.
“What?” Mal asked her.
She waded over to the island.
“Remember how this island is riddled with crevices like this one? Well, Gilla would love them and Addri likes traveling on the rocks. We could have walked by them at any time.” She let that sink in. Mal sighed and waded over to her to lean up against the rocks. “It’s going to be almost impossible to find them now,” Joyah said, leaning next to him.
“Well,” he said. “We could either climb this crevice and walk on the rocks where it’s dry or carry on how we were through the wet while daring crocodiles, leeches, and snakes.” They looked at each other. Then they both started snickering.
Joyah turned and started into the crevice. “Anyway, we could even run into them while we’re at it.”
Mal had a harder time getting up than any of the teens had. Joyah could hear him wincing as they crawled along.
“Anyone a hundred miles away could hear you, you know.”
“It’s easy for you to say, you skinny kid,” he said. “I’m losing skin every time I move. It’s a good thing I’m not claustrophobic.”
“That goes for anyone using these, kid or adult. Still, ssh.”
“You are heartless.”
Finally Joyah poked her head out from the crack. Immediately she yanked it back in. She desperately waved Mal back. He scrambled out of the way. She got back around the bend just in time to avoid the gaze of an Assassin slipping silently over the rocks. Their breath sounded like thunder in her ears. They waited for what seemed like forever to make sure he had gone. She held Addri’s dagger ready in front of her when she went up to look.
She poked her head out again and once again immediately yanked it back down. After a few calming breaths she lifted her head and peeked out. Two Assassins were standing only a few feet away. Their backs were to her. They seemed to be discussing something even though she couldn’t hear them. As she watched one of them made a small gesture off to their left. The other drew a dagger and nodded. Then she knew. Someone had found some of her friends before she had.
Joyah launched herself from her hole. She grabbed the dagger guy’s shoulder and spun him around to stab him in the chest. The other guy turned and ran. She lunged at him but missed. Something flew past her ear and hit him in the back. She turned to see Mal climbing out of the hole.
“Why did you do that?” he asked.
“They know where some of the others are,” she said. She ran over to the guy Mal had downed and knelt next to him to pull out the dagger. “They’re planning something. We have to get there first.”
Mal ran up behind her and took his dagger back. “Which way?”
She pointed in the direction the Assassin had. “I think they’re this way.”
They ran across the rocks. The sun gleamed off Joyah’s hair as they ran. It blazed and streamed out behind her like fire. When they came to the edge of the island they jumped off, rolled back to their feet, and kept running. After a bit they stopped and crouched behind some ferns. Joyah saw someone move not too far away. The person was small and not shadowy. It was Gilla. As far as Joyah could tell the girl was alone, at least alone when it came to friends. Joyah saw shadows moving in the swamp around her. She leaned close to Mal to whisper in his ear.
“She’s the hardest to find so they’re setting a trap for her.”
“It’s typical procedure for an abnormally difficult opponent,” he whispered back. “Crossbowman will fire at the target from the trees. If the target survives then the fighters will engage the target before it has time to react, but the real danger are the rogues who will stab the target in the back. It lasts a total of five seconds.”
“Has anyone ever survived it?”
“Not without help.”
“That’s good enough. Sneak around to the other side. I’ll yell a warning to Gilla. When the rogues come up take them down.” He nodded and faded into the shadows.
Joyah waited as long as she could for him to get into position. When the crossbowmen raised their crossbows, she yelled, “Archers in the trees!” Immediately Gilla rolled forward. The bolts aimed at her flew harmlessly behind her back. Joyah was already moving. She stepped in between Gilla and the Assassins that had appeared from the woods and deflected the two swords. The last person, a woman with a mace, had stepped forward a beat after the first two and was able to redirect her attack at Joyah instead of at Gilla. Joyah dropped to a crouch and hit Gilla’s hip with her elbow so the mace went over both of their heads. The other two had already faded away, so Joyah lunged low at the woman’s stomach. Swordsman number one appeared and deflected her blade.
Joyah punched him in the gut before he could disappear. She could hear Mal in the background telling Gilla to help her instead of him. Joyah raised her blade and slide a high cut from swordsman number two off to her left. In the same motion she slashed at the woman’s mace before it could hit her and cut it in half at the handle. The top half slammed into her hip and forced her to step back to avoid losing her balance. She could have blocked both swordsman’s blades, but Gilla took number one out and deflected number two’s blade. Joyah stepped into the opening Gilla had created and hit number two in the stomach.
“Help Mal!” she called back to Gilla. Her friend growled in frustration.
The mace woman chucked the handle of her mace at Joyah’s head. Joyah easily ducked it. She caught the punch aimed at her face and pivoted to throw the woman off to her left. The woman hit a tree and bounced off it. She fell limply to the ground.
Gilla ran up behind her. “Come on, Mal says we need to go before others arrive.”
Joyah looked behind her. Two knife fighters lay on the ground. Mal was taking his dagger from one of their stomachs.
“What happened to the crossbowman?”
Gilla grinned and held up her bow. Joyah loved her friends.
They ran away to their right, darting through the trees to try to not be seen.
“Do you know where we are?” Joyah asked her. Gilla nodded. “Then take the lead,” she said. Gilla picked up her pace a bit so she was slightly in front of Joyah. Mal took up the rear as usual. Suddenly a crocodile exploded from the water. Gilla skidded to a stop and changed direction. Joyah and Mal followed.
“Gotta be careful of those crocodillies,” Gilla called over her shoulder.
“Don’t make me regret rescuing you,” Joyah growled. “You’re welcome, by the way. Where’s Addri?”
“I don’t know,” she answered. “We met up with Jeff, and then I heard something and went ahead to check but I couldn’t make it back.” At this rate we’ll keep finding and losing each other forever, Joyah thought.
Mal suddenly threw a knife at a bunch of ferns. There was a ping of metal hitting metal and his knife was deflected off to the left. Joyah ran at the ferns.
“No, he’s already moved,” Mal said.
Joyah skidded to a stop and looked around. “Where?”
“There, I see him,” Gilla said. She loosed one arrow. That was all she needed. Joyah still couldn’t see the guy, but she heard the splash.
“He signaled the others with the whistle,” Mal said. The two girls looked at each other in horror. The whole forest was about to come down on them.
The three of them broke into a sprint. Joyah grabbed Gilla’s arm before they could run in separate directions, but she lost sight of Mal. Gilla dropped back to shoot arrows behind them. A guy appeared in front of them. Joyah blocked his high blow and hamstrung him when their momentum carried them past him. They didn’t break stride. Joyah spotted the rocks island to their left. She grabbed Gilla’s arm and pushed her into a crevice first.
They landed on the ground. They looked back over the swamp to see if they had gotten away. Their breath seemed loud in their ears as they waited. All they could hear was the sound of insects and a couple small creatures.
A man jumped from nowhere and covered the entrance to their crevice. Gilla shrieked. Joyah instinctively brought her sword up to slide it off to one side. It stuck in the small space of the crevice. Luckily the hand guard of his dagger caught her blade and ruined his first attack. Unluckily he had a knife in his other hand. He jabbed it at her chest. She kicked him in the crotch and knocked him backwards. Gilla scrambled up the crevice. Joyah yanked her sword free before following. Crossbow bolts broke on the rocks beneath her feet right as she rounded the bend upwards and out of line of fire just in time.
They skinned their arms and legs as they scrambled through the crevice. Joyah would have had more sympathy for Mal if she hadn’t been crawling for her life. She kept herself focused behind them as much as she could. Not too far in the Assassins caught up to them. Joyah used Addri’s dagger to fight them off.
“Hurry up!” Gilla called back.
“It’s kind of hard to fight and squeeze backwards at the same time!” Joyah said through clenched teeth. She saw an opening in the first guy’s defense and got him in the stomach at the expense of a small cut on the arm. She yanked her legs in to keep him from falling on them. The Assassins couldn’t get past their friend, so she took the opportunity to make up some ground between her and Gilla.
Gilla tried to pull back her bow and growled in frustration.
“It’s too narrow to use my bow!”
“Well at least it’s too narrow for their crossbows or we’d be dead! Now move!” Joyah was still moving looking backwards in case they threw any knives at her. At least she could go a little faster without having to fight someone. That wasn’t going to last, though. The first guy was almost done squeezing past his dead companion.
“I see the opening!” Gilla called. Light fell on Joyah’s hair. Her back hit a solid wall. Gilla had already climbed up to the top of the crevice. At the same time the first Assassin caught up and attacked. Joyah pulled her head out of the way so his dagger hit the rock wall behind her. She grabbed him by the hood and slammed his head into the wall. Then she shoved him at his friends. She raised her arms over her head and Gilla helped pull her up.
Joyah was already had a knee on the top of the rocks when someone grabbed her other ankle. Gilla tightened her grip on Joyah’s arm and braced herself. Joyah whipped around and slashed at the large needle the guy was attempting to stick into her ankle. The needle broke. Her dagger continued on to bite into the guy’s other wrist. He let go of her leg. Gilla fell backwards from the sudden lack of pressure and Joyah landed outside the crevice.
Joyah sprang to her feet. She kicked the head of the woman attempting to climb from the hole. The woman fell back into her companions. “Watch my back,” she told Gilla.
“I have an idea!” Gilla called. Joyah got a little worried. No time for that, though. Two of them were lifting a third up at her. She leaned forward to get him. At the last moment when his arms cleared the hole he brought up a crossbow. Joyah gasped and dropped. The bolt flew over her shoulder and hit a tree far away. She scrambled to her feet again. The guy had dropped the crossbow and had his knees on the edge of the hole. She jumped forward and tackled him. He fell back down into the crevice. She caught herself on the other side. She quickly pushed herself back away from the opening before they could regroup and get her exposed stomach.
Gilla dropped some shrubs next to the hole.
“What are you doing?” Joyah demanded.
“No time,” Gilla called over her shoulder. “Gotta get more! Keep it up!” Keep it up? What was this girl up to? No time for that, though. The Assassins were regrouped and making their next attempt. She leaned out over the crevice. Then she jerked herself back. Throwing knives flew from the opening and spun in the air before falling back in. Joyah looked back down. One woman had used the distraction to get herself into a better position to fight. She slashed at Joyah’s chest. Joyah leaned back to avoid it. She lunged low at the small woman’s stomach. The woman barely managed to deflect it. She drove the dagger in her other hand at Joyah’s side. Joyah knocked her arm away with her elbow. Joyah’s eyes narrowed. This woman fought like she did. This was going to be interesting, and, almost fun.
Gilla hit the lady in the face with a bunch of shrubbery. Joyah blinked as the small woman fell back into the hole.
“Gilla!” 
Gilla shoved her first load of shrubs into Joyah’s arms. “Here, throw this in.” Gilla rummaged through her back as Joyah threw in the shrubs.
“What are you-”
“Aha!” Gilla said triumphantly. She was holding a flint.
“It’s too wet,” Joyah told her. “It won’t light.”
The other girl held up a Dragon Weed stick in her other hand and lit it.
“Dragon Weed burns almost anything.” She dropped it into the crevice. Fire flared up in the hole. Joyah and Gilla backed away from the flames. “Quick, get more,” Gilla ordered. “It won’t last.”
Joyah hurried to help her collect ferns and shrubs. “Gilla, sometimes you amaze me.” They added two more armfuls of flammable plants. “That should do it,” Joyah said. “But this is going to send up smoke seen for miles around. We’ve got to get out of here.”
Gilla led the way. They ran to the edge of the rocks and jumped off. Gilla put a hand up to signal a stop. Then she crawled into a small patch of ferns.  Joyah crawled in after her.
“What are we doing?”
“Hiding. Make sure the light doesn’t catch your weapons. We don’t want a flash to give us up. Cover your hair too.”
“Why are we hiding?” Joyah asked.
Gilla shushed her. “They’ll expect us to run, so we wait for them to pass us before sneaking away. Staying close to a fire is too stupid for us to do.”
“But we have to find the others.”
“We will, but first we need to get out of here alive.”
They waited for what Joyah felt was forever. She saw no movement besides the bugs and a couple small animals. They held as still as they could even with the insects biting them. Finally Gilla gestured for Joyah to go. Joyah hadn’t seen anyone, but apparently Gilla had.
“I’ll go scout ahead,” Gilla whispered once they were out of the ferns.
Joyah caught her arm. “No, that’s what keeps getting us separated. We’ve got to stick together.”
Gilla shrugged. “Okay, but you’re going to ruin my cover.”
“Deal.”
They set off together. Joyah was determined to walk as silently as Gilla. She was never going to be a weak link.
They didn’t encounter any Assassins for a long while. Joyah couldn’t tell whether to be glad or wary.
“Where is everyone?”
“I guess we lost them,” Gilla said.
“Or it’s a trap,” Joyah added. “It’s just so weird after all that fighting. Everything’s so quiet.”
“Except the bugs.” Gilla waved a swarm of gnats out of her face. The stillness should have been nice, but all Joyah could think of was the possibility of walking straight into a trap.
The swamp was just as uninviting as when they’d entered. Joyah had at one point hoped they’d get used to it, but she was wrong. The water was just as mucky and icky, the bugs were just as annoying, and the possibility of snakes, Assassins, leeches, or crocodiles were just as freaky. The trees were moist and were hard to hold onto to catch their balance with. There were some vines, but mostly they were just more obstacles to be avoided. Plus one of them turned out to be a snake. The one thing that kept Joyah from becoming completely miserable was her duty as constant guard. Still, she hoped that their next terrain might be a little nicer. Considering their next stop were the mountains, she highly doubted it.
Something sounded from off to their right. It was like someone stepping on a stick. Gilla and Joyah looked at each other. It could be an animal, but it could also be Jeff or Addri. Joyah motioned for Gilla to go first, and together they went to see what it was.  It was a farther distance away than Joyah had expected. They walked for what seemed like minutes and still didn’t discover what had made the noise.
“Maybe it really was an animal,” Joyah said.
Gilla scowled and walked in a circle around her, scanning the forest. “I was so hoping…”
“So was I.” Joyah watched the swamp around them. It was possible that the person who had made the noise had moved on. They could have walked right by each other and not even realized it. She scowled as well. This was impossible!
“We are not giving up,” Joyah said stubbornly. She jumped up onto a tree root to get a better view over the ferns. “We are going to find our friends and get out of here alive if it means I have to tear this horrid place apart.”
“I think a group of three is a good start,” Addri called. Gilla and Joyah jumped and looked around.
“Addri? Where are you?” Joyah asked.
“Ooh, there!” Gilla said excitedly. She took off out of sight. Joyah jumped down from the tree root with a splash and followed. They dodged past some trees and ferns and leaped over a patch of deep water.  Joyah rounded a patch of high ferns and nearly ran into Addri.
“Addri!” She hugged him. Then she realized what she was doing and stepped back, blushing.
“How did you know we were there?” Gilla asked.
“I heard your voices,” he said. “So I followed the sound and got close enough to hear what you were saying.”
“This is great!” Gilla exclaimed. “Now all we need to find is Jeff and Mal and we can get out of here!”
“Just as long as we can keep ourselves together,” Joyah said. “No scouting ahead, no self-sacrifices, and if we run away from something we need to make sure we do it in the same direction.”
“Have you seen the other two recently?” Addri asked.
“We were with Archie a while back but we lost him,” Gilla said. “How about you?”
“I lost Jeff, obviously,” Addri said.
Joyah slapped her forehead. “Great, the two people who know where to go are in the same group and the city kid is on his own, again.”
“So what do we do?” Gilla asked.
Joyah ran her fingers through her hair and let out her breath. “Addri, could we see that map?” Addri pulled out his map and held it out flat. They leaned over it. “So where are we?” she asked.
Gilla pointed to a spot on the rocks. “Well we lit those guys on fire here…”
“You lit people on fire?!” Addri exclaimed.
Gilla looked at him. “Are you really surprised?”
“No.”
“As I was saying, we ran this way and probably traveled this far, so we’re around here.” She pointed to a spot on the map.
“And where did you lose Jeff?” Joyah asked Addri.
He chewed his lip for a moment in thought before pointing to another spot.
“Around here.”
“Okay, so we lost Mal not too far from where we set those guys on fire and he ran in another direction, so he probably went this way.” She traced a short north-east route from the point.
“Would he have gone back when he saw the smoke?” Addri asked.
Joyah thought for a moment before shaking her head.
“He would have expected us to run north away from it, so he’ll be somewhere in this area.”
“I get what you’re doing,” Addri said. “Jeffery and I were caught in a mud slide and then chased by those crocodiles. I ran west, so he must have run in the eastern direction.”
“It’ll be harder to find him than Archie since his forestry is zip,” Gilla said. “There’s less chance of us predicting his movements correctly, but he’d probably go back to find you, so he should be in this area.”
“I say we look for Jeff first,” Joyah said. “Mal’s better at wilderness survival. Can you get us there?” she asked Gilla.
Gilla cocked her hip. “Do birds fly?”
“Some of them have clipped wings, but I’ll take that as a yes. We should keep the map away just in case there are prying eyes around and just use Gilla’s forestry.” Addri rolled up the map and tucked it away in Gilla’s pack.
Gilla continued leading them in the same direction they had been going to find Addri, which apparently was northeast. Joyah took rear guard and wasn’t happy about it. She’d rather take rear guard than leave it up to Addri, though. She was the better fighter by far. She could be happy when they got the jewel to the Sanctuary.
They hadn’t gone very far when Joyah heard something. She stopped to listen. It sounded like something very large moving through the water. Crocodiles. She opened her mouth to call to her friends when she heard something else. It sounded like a crossbow being fired. A second later she caught the sound of impact. Joyah stealthily moved off past some plants she didn’t know the name of and crouched behind a rotting log. There was red in the water in front of her. She heard quiet laughter. She looked to her left. Not too far away two black clad people were crouched near the water. One was in a tree and one was kneeling in some ferns. They weren’t much taller than Joyah, so they must have been apprentices.
“Hit another one,” the girl in the ferns said. The boy in the tree raised his reloaded crossbow and shot into the water. It hit a big croc with a slashed eye in the tail. Joyah recognized it as the ringleader that had tried to eat her not too long ago. It hissed and lunged at the girl. She laughed softly and disappeared sloppily into the shadows. She appeared on the other side of the tree. “This is so much better than trudging around looking for those brats.”
Blood pounded through Joyah’s ears. These two brats were torturing such noble, dangerous creatures for fun. This was wrong. Gilla was right, the crocodiles attacked them but only because they had to eat. They were great predators, kings of the swamp. These two had no right demeaning such creatures! No right!
Joyah didn’t think, she just reacted. She shot out over the log. The girl in the ferns had no time to react. Joyah’s sword slid between her ribs. She withdrew her sword and turned in one motion. She jumped and grabbed the surprised boy’s ankle. Her weight yanked him out of the tree. He landed on the ground with a hard thump.
A shadow stepped out of the trees. The apprentice’s game hadn’t only attracted Joyah’s attention. Their elder slashed at Joyah’s face with a dagger. She stepped back and leaned away so the blade passed by her face. She felt the wind of its passing on her cheek. She jumped forward and took the opening he had left her.
Joyah whipped around from a sound behind her, but the lead croc was already dealing with the Assassin sneaking up on her. She stepped forward over the lead croc’s tail and thrust into the stomach of an Assassin going for the lead croc while its back was turned.
Gilla and Addri ran up to the edge of the water and skidded to a stop. They had their weapons out, but they didn’t need them. Joyah and the lead croc were a whirlwind of death. To her friends watching it seemed almost like they were locked in a graceful dance. They weaved in an out between each other’s moves, dealing blows that were almost like art to watch. Even the water spraying in their wake seemed to leap in time with their graceful lines and artful blows. The croc’s teeth and Joyah’s blade sang together through the air until there was none left to stand in their way. Only then did their dance stop.
The boy on the ground groaned. Joyah took him by the collar and threw him into the water. The other crocs slipped under after him. The lead croc looked at her and opened its mouth to show its many sharp teeth. Joyah raised her blade horizontally in the air in a returned salute. Then the croc slipped into the water to join its companions.
Gilla walked up behind her friend and crossed her arms over her chest.
“So, it seems you have a way with big, dumb lizards.”
Joyah shook her head but otherwise ignored her. She walked over to the apprentice girl and kicked her into the water too.
Addri leaned up against the tree beside her.
“Many say that the crocodiles are the descendants of dragons. It makes sense, since you are so much like a dragon yourself, that the leading croc would honor you like that. Even your hair looks like fire in the sun.”
Joyah blushed and pretended to be cleaning off her sword. Her, dragon-like? They were ancient, strong, noble creatures. There was no way she was like one, was there?
Gilla was tapping her foot impatiently. “Come on, we have to find the others!”
Joyah straightened. “Lead the way.”
Joyah’s friends kept glancing back at her. It was getting a bit annoying. What had she done to gain such attention? Sure fighting with the lead croc had been an amazing, thrilling experience, but they didn’t have to keep looking at her like that. Plus they needed to use that attention to keep a look out for disasters, natural and otherwise. She was a bit relieved when they encountered the rock island again and the attention was taken off her.
“How big is this thing?” Addri asked incredulously. He walked up and put his hand on it. “It didn’t seem quite so big on the map.”
“Everything seems bigger in real life,” Gilla said.
“Except you,” Addri said offhandedly. “But still, you sure we aren’t going in circles?”
Gilla practically had steam coming out of her ears. She leaned forward until she was right in his face.
“What?! First you insult my height and now you insult my forestry?! I oughta-”
Joyah cut her off before they could find out what she oughta do.
“It looks like we can climb it. We’ve had better luck up there than down in the swamp.”
“Agreed,” Addri said, unfazed by Gilla’s temper. He knelt down and cupped his hands for Joyah. “You want to go first?”
She put her foot in his hands and he boosted her up to the first rock. She liked to think that the effort of it was his fatigue and not her weight. She climbed up the rest of the way and peeked over the top. “Clear.” She stood up on the top of the island. Gilla and Addri’s bickering voices came up from below. Joyah could see the edge of the island off to her left. So at least she had an idea of how big it was. Addri came up next. Apparently Gilla had won who would go up last. Joyah didn’t make the mistake of trying to help Gilla up, but Addri did. After what he had said down below she took it as an insult to her climbing ability, but from a warning look from Joyah she resolved to just glaring at him. If looks could kill…
“If Jeff found this place he would climb it to look for you,” Addri said to Gilla. “He knows that you especially like it up here.”
This distracted her from her anger. “We should keep going east. You two separated on the other side of the island, so we might meet him somewhere half way.”
“It’s the best plan we’ve got,” Joyah said.
“Look, a crevice!” Gilla exclaimed. She ran past Joyah and crouched next to an opening in the rocks. “It looks like it goes somewhere, let’s follow it!”
“Gilla, wait-” She hopped down in, out of sight. Addri and Joyah looked at each other.
 “We’ve got to catch up,” Joyah said. “We can’t lose each other again.” Foolish girl. Gilla should have known better. When they caught up to her Joyah was going to give her a piece of her mind. Joyah jumped down into the crevice first. “Gilla!”
“Down here! I’m not that far ahead. Stop being so slow, we need to hurry and find the others!”
Joyah crawled as fast as she could after Gilla’s voice. “It doesn’t help if we get separated too! You should know better, how could you risk-” She rounded a corner and nearly cracked heads with Gilla.
“It’s not like Assassins are going to appear behind me.”
“They could have if we didn’t get to the crevice first. You didn’t know they weren’t watching us, just waiting for a moment to break us apart.”
Gilla sighed and spoke in her “whatever” voice.
“Yes yes, I know.”
Joyah hated her “whatever” voice. She never knew if it was a “whatever I already knew that” or a “whatever I’m not taking this seriously or just don’t care.”
The crevice was longer than most. There were several times in which it branched out and Addri had to give input on which way to go. It reminded Joyah a lot of the first tunnel they’d explored. She looked over her shoulder at Addri.
“Hey, do you think there could be more of those trick tunnels?”
“What trick tunnels?” Gilla asked.
“Back when we first encountered this island we went into an especially long crevice like this one,” Joyah told her. “I turned down a thin dark tunnel since it was going in the direction we needed, but the floor was super steep. I nearly fell down it.”
“A tunnel like this one?” Gilla asked. She stopped next to a dark cut in the right wall.
Joyah came in close behind her. “Yes,” she said distastefully. “That one is very similar.”
Gilla leaned close to it to peer inside. “You’re right, it is really dark.” She felt the ground. “Man, it would be really bad to go into that.”
“Be careful, you don’t want to fall in,” Joyah warned.
Gilla scoffed. “Do you really know me that little?”
“We have a time limit, remember?” Addri called. “It’s nice to know what to avoid and all, but we really need to get going.”
“You’re right,” Joyah agreed. She was about to tell Gilla to keep going when she spotted something on her pack. “A leech!”
“Where?!” Gilla asked, panicked. “It’s not sucking my blood, is it?!”
“Hold still,” Joyah said. She reached forward to flip it off her pack with Addri’s dagger the same time Addri tried to reach past her to grab it. He knocked into her arm and her flip went wild. The leech barely missed her head. Addri jerked back to avoid it and knocked into Joyah again, who knocked into Gilla… who lost her balance…
“AAaaaahh…”
“Gilla!” Joyah and Addri yelled. Leech forgotten, Joyah and Addri jumped forward to the edge of the crevice. Joyah had to catch the sides to keep them from falling in too.
“Oh no, this is my fault,” Addri stammered, stricken.
“We have to go after her,” Joyah said. “Do you have any rope?”
“Do we have… she had the bag!” Addri exclaimed.
Joyah would have felt very stupid if she hadn’t been so panicked. “Okay, well, I’ll go after her and you can stay here. We can both brace against the walls and make it back up.”
“No you can’t. It’s way too small and you don’t know how long it is! Besides, if she can do that then there’s no use to go after her.”
“Actually I could tell her what our plan would be, but you’re right anyway.”
“What can we do?!” he cried desperately. “We can’t leave her down there alone! Even if she’s fine one person is too easy for Assassins to pick off!”
“We, we…” Joyah looked down the crevice, resignation filling her. “We go in after her.”


Chapter 16
The Tunnels


Addri stared at her. “What?!”
“We go in after her,” Joyah said more determinedly. “Even if we’re all stuck down there at least we’ll be there together. You don’t have to come. We might not ever find our way back.”
“Shut up,” he told her offhandedly.
Joyah leaned down towards the blackness.
“Gilla!” she called. “If you can hear me stay where you are! We’re coming down!” She didn’t know if Gilla could hear her or was even still at the end, but at least it was an effort. She sheathed her weapons. Stabbing herself when she hit the bottom would be stupid. She put her legs into the crevice, took a deep breath, and slid in.
The rough rock scraped at her back as she slid down. Her vest was going to get frayed. The air rushed past her face. She could feel it getting staler, wetter, and colder as they went. The walls started getting covered with a layer of moss, though it was too dark to see it. Soon she realized that if the tunnel didn’t level out smoothly at the end then they were both going to crash and probably break their necks. Joyah managed to wiggle her arm around to get to Addri’s dagger, which was stuck into her belt. She drew it and dug it into the wall. The moss caught it. She could feel the drag in her shoulder and knew that it was working. Addri ran into her, proving even more that her plan was working.
The crevice ended suddenly. She had just enough time to bring her arm up before she left the small crevice and hit the far wall. Her arm burst into pain from being trapped between her forehead and the wall. Her whole body hurt from being trapped between Addri and the wall. She dropped to the ground, throbbing in pain. What an ironic play on my name, she thought dazedly. It seemed kind of funny.
The ground was nice and cool, almost comfortable. When was the last time she had been comfortable? It wasn’t Laar; she had been in pain too often. There’s that word again. How funny. Jen’s house had been pretty comfortable. Too bad Jen had been so hostile at the time. She came around in the end, though. And before that was the Raymonds’ house. They were so nice. She had to find their son, though. She’d promised that nice lady she’d keep him safe. And then there was home. Home. There was no better place than home. It was so nice and comfortable and warm, except for in the winter that was cold like the floor but their cottage was warm, Aunty always made sure of it and she was so nice and wonderful and her family was always so fun except for Aunt Elena.
Aunty. She wondered what Aunty and her cousins were doing now. Her hand tried to creep up to the chain around her neck, but it was pinned between her and the wall. She couldn’t move to get away from the wall because something heavy was pressing into her back. She moved her head, but she couldn’t get into a better position. She opened her eyes.
There was no difference. Joyah blinked, but still she couldn’t see anything. Slowly she realized it was just because there was no light down here. She shook her head slowly to clear it. Right, she’d stunned herself when she hit the wall. They were down here looking for Gilla. Addri! Joyah crawled out from under her friend. She hurt all over.
“Addri,” she whispered. She heard him groan. “Are you okay?” she asked.
“Other than feeling like one big bruise?” he said. “I think so. I’m not supposed to be able to see anything, right?”
“No. Are you sure you’re okay? Did you hit your head?”
“No. Are you okay? I think I landed on you.”
“I was stunned, but I’m okay now. I think I slowed us down enough to prevent any harm.”
“Oh my gosh, Gilla!” Addri exclaimed. “If she hit the wall she could be dead!”
Joyah went cold. She could hear Addri scramble around in the dark.
“I can’t find her!”
Joyah maneuvered around him to feel the sides of the tunnel. She could feel two grooves in the right side and one on the left. Wait, three?
“Addri, I think she did the same thing,” Joyah said.
“What?” he asked.
“Feel here,” Joyah told him. “There are three grooves. This dagger would have only caused one. What if she took out two arrows and slowed herself down, one on each side?”
“That would work better than your one dagger,” Addri said.
“That’s why she’s not here.” Joyah slumped in relief. Her friend was okay. Gilla had to be okay. She had been with Joyah longer than anyone but Jeffery.
“This tunnel goes both ways,” Addri said. “How are we going to find her?”
Joyah looked around even though she couldn’t see a thing.
“I don’t know. Maybe we can hear her.”
“Uh, hello, this is Gilla we’re talking about.”
“She can’t be perfect all the time, and she just slammed into a wall. It’s something at least.” They were both quiet. Joyah closed her eyes to listen harder. The tunnels were eerily silent. There was no wind or animals. There were no bugs (thankfully). The silence almost seemed to take on oppressiveness. It pressed in on all sides of her, building on the total blackness. They had slid a long way. She thought of for the first time how far down they must be. She thought of all the rock, water, mud, and dirt piled up above them. She shivered. She wasn’t afraid of the dark or small spaces, but still.
“We could yell,” Addri suggested, breaking the silence. “At least we know we’ll be the only sounds competing for her attention.” They both started yelling at the top of their lungs. They called and yelled their heads off. Finally Joyah put her hand on his shoulder to cut them off. They waited. There was no answer. “How far away could she be?” Addri asked.
“Well, we spent some time at the top freaking out,” Joyah said slowly. “And then we had to slide all the way down, and then we lay down here stunned for some time. If she wasn’t stunned as long as we were and didn’t spend time freaking out then she could have gotten a minute or two on us at the most.”
“She might have shot off to try to find a way out right away,” Addri said. “I know I’d hate to get stuck down here alone. She could get even farther on us that way.”
“What if our voices don’t carry in these tunnels?” Joyah said. “We don’t know the acoustics down here.”
She heard Addri let out his breath in frustration and hit a wall.
“We’ll never find her!”
“I guess we might as well pick a direction and follow it,” Joyah said. “How big could these tunnels be? Eventually we might find her.” Joyah crawled a couple steps forward. Her knee landed on something skinny and hard. “Hey, I found something.” She picked it up. It felt like a bunch of short sticks tied together.
“What is it?” Addri asked.
“I think it’s our Dragon Weed sticks,” Joyah said.
“The Dragon Weed?” Addri asked. “What is that doing down here?”
Joyah started feeling around in the dark. Her hand landed on what felt like a piece of dried meat that had gone soggy from the water on the ground.
“There’s more stuff down here. It’s like some of the contents of her backpack spilled all over.”
“Maybe a hole was worn in it from sliding down,” Addri said. “Let’s pick some of it up.”
Joyah moved forward groping in the dark. She found a water skin, some more dried (now soggy) food, and a sock.
“We won’t be able to carry this and fight,” Joyah said.
“What? Just leave a good chunk of our supplies behind?” he asked.
“We don’t have a choice,” she answered. “Besides, all the food here is no good anymore. At least we know which direction she went, now. The trail of stuff leads off this way.” Joyah slung the water skin over her shoulder and stuck the Dragon Weed in her belt. At least she was keeping some stuff. “Follow me, and stay close,” she said. “We can’t get separated down here.”
They half crawled, half walked through the blackness. The tunnel was about as big as the one up above, which meant there was enough room to move through without being comfortable. They stayed close together. She could feel Addri’s presence behind her. She would have been thrilled about it under different circumstances.
Suddenly there was no floor under her foot. Joyah gasped and braced her hands on each wall. A bit of the edge of the rock floor fell down into the gap. She got both feet back on solid ground.
“What?” Addri asked.
Joyah shushed him. Finally she heard the rocks splash down at the bottom of the gap.
“There’s a hole up there,” she told him. “From the sound those rocks just made it’s really deep and there’s water down at the bottom.”
“Why would there be water down there?” he asked.
“Maybe it’s from all this rain,” she said. “Maybe it’s an underground river. Maybe it’s a trap.” What kind of place was this that it had traps?
Joyah drew her sword and reached it across the gap. She heard the tip hit the other side.
“It’s a little more than an arm’s length across. I bet we could jump it.”
She heard Addri back up to make room for her. “Just don’t miss.”
Joyah thought of the long drop and the water down at the bottom.
“I won’t.” She sheathed her sword so she wouldn’t stab herself like an idiot. She backed up, did an awkward running start, and jumped across the gap. The second Joyah spent suspended in the air was terrifying. She had no idea if she was going to land on hard ground or keep falling to her death. She also didn’t know when she was going to land. Her feet hit solid ground and she rolled at the impact. She came back to her feet in a crouch.
“I made it,” Joyah called back.
She heard Addri let out his breath in relief. “Thank goodness.”
Joyah moved forward carefully until she felt the edge of the gap.
“Okay, I’m at the edge. If you aim past my voice you should make it fine.”
“Alright, keep talking.”
If jumping for the other side herself was nerve racking, then waiting for Addri to jump was torture. She talked randomly without much interest in what she was saying. She listened to him run, heard his feet leave the pavement, thought for a terrifying second that he hadn’t made it, and then he slammed into her shoulder on the way by. She heard him hit the ground not far from her. She sagged against the wall in relief.
“You made it.”
“Are you okay? I think I hit you on the way by.”
“I’m fine as long as you are. I’d rather be run over then have you misjudge where to jump to.”
Joyah moved so she was behind him. “Skooch over a bit so I can get by you.”
“How about I go first this time?” he suggested. She managed to slip past him. He made a small annoyed noise. She wanted to go first so that she’d be the one to run into traps instead of him, and she bet that he wanted to go first for the same reason. Too bad. Joyah drew her sword again and tapped it in front of her as they went to keep a look out for any more gaps. She held her other hand up in front of her face just in case. “Watch my back,” she told him.
There wasn’t any stuff strewed across the ground anymore. Gilla must have noticed the rip. That would be a problem if they ever hit an intersection, but for now they were still going in the right direction. Or at least that’s what she thought until Addri called for her to stop.
“What is it?” she asked.
“I’ve been feeling the walls as I go,” he told her. “I’ve found a tunnel running off of this one.”
“Let me see.” Joyah moved back so she was next to him and felt the wall. Sure enough there was a hole in it.
“So which way did she go?” Addri wondered out loud.
Joyah made a fist with her free hand in frustration, but she kept her voice calm.
“I think we should keep going the same way we have been. It’s more likely for her to have kept going this way than to so happen to discover this offshoot.”
This thinking worked pretty well until Joyah’s free hand discovered a corner directly in front of her.
“Oh no,” she groaned as she felt the walls. The passageway forked into two tunnels. She wanted to say ‘now what?!’ but that would have been rather unhelpful.
Addri did it for her. “Now what?”
 “Logic’s been pretty good so far,” Joyah said more calmly than she felt. “What would Gilla do?”
“Well,” he said slowly, “If we take the right way it would take us back in the direction we were coming from when we were on the surface, or at least I think it would. So we should go left to try to get somewhere.”
“That’s good enough for me,” Joyah said. “Left it is.”
Everywhere Joyah felt she hit rock or blackness. That was all there was in her world. Blackness, the feeling of rock, and the sound of their breath. Low panic started in her stomach and slowly spread. She ignored it as best she could. It was just the natural fear of being stuck in a dark place deep underground that one might never get out of. Wow, thinking about it like that did not help. Now was not the time to panic. She needed to stay calm and prepared. They were going to find a way out eventually.
Joyah’s sword hit something fluid instead of the solid rock floor.
“Stop,” she said. She put her hand down to touch the nonexistent floor in front of her foot. Instead her fingers touched ice cold water. The cold seemed to shoot up the nerves in her arm and make them tingle. She jerked her arm back. “Wow, cold.”
“What is it?”
“There’s some sort of underground river here, and it’s really cold.” She started reaching forward to touch the water again. Something made her stop. The little stream made no noise as it slipped past, which was weird enough by itself, but there was also another noise coming from the stream. It sounded like something moving through the water.
She raised her sword in preparation and backed up a bit.
“Addri, do you have any way to make a spark?”
“A spark?”
“Yes, to light the Dragon Weed, and hurry.”
“Um, no.”
Joyah had an idea. She hurriedly grabbed a Dragon Weed stick from her belt. Then she hit the rock wall with her sword. She caught the sparks form her blade with the stick. It burst into flame. The light was so bright! Her eyes were so used to the blackness. She shielded her face with her sword arm. The light didn’t blind her enough that she didn’t see what had made the noise, though.
A large sea serpent had risen from the water right in front of her. It was green and very long. It had three fins on its head and one going down its long back. Its eyes were completely black and didn’t look like they were used much. Its mouth was filled with long, skinny, snake like teeth. It hissed and shied back away from the sudden light and heat. Without thinking Joyah leaped forward and shoved the almost completely consumed stick into its mouth. The thing screamed and shook its head like crazy. The flame started licking at it mouth.
Joyah leaped past it onto some randomly placed stepping stones. For once she could see her surroundings. The tunnel’s walls didn’t change, but a section of the floor was actually a stream. The stream came out from under one wall and went into the other. The serpent’s mouth was too wet for even Dragon Weed to burn for long, and the flame was starting to die. Fish as big as her hand with teeth nearly half their size started leaping from the water to try to get at her. Joyah dove for the far side and rolled. Addri jumped off a stepping stone after her just as the fire died. She heard him the ground safely on the right side.
They scrambled away from the edge. The fish were still jumping madly, but the serpent had stopped hissing. Maybe it had gone back under where it was safer. The only sounds were the fish and their heavy breathing.
“What kind of a place is this?!” Addri exclaimed. “This is nuts! Why did those things have to decide that their natural habitat was a bunch of dark underground streams?! What do they eat when they can’t eat us!?”
Joyah sighed, closed her eyes, and leaned her head against the wall behind her.
“Just be thankful they didn’t get their meal today.”
After the stream incident they didn’t run into too many more traps. They hit another gap in the floor and a section where the floor was rather unstable in areas, but nothing as dangerous as the things in the stream. The biggest problem was the tunnels themselves. They twisted and turned until the two teens were completely disoriented. They had so many offshoots and forks that it was impossible to remember a route. All in all they were completely lost. It also made it a lot harder to control the natural panic, especially when Joyah knew she could walk headlong into another nasty little surprise at any moment.
Finally Addri said, “Hey, do you even know what time it is?”
Joyah looked over her shoulder in surprise, though there was nothing to see.
“Why?”
“Because it was nearly dark when we were back up at the surface and we don’t have any way to tell time down here. We could walk on through the night and never know it. How do we know when to sleep or eat or move?”
Joyah frowned as she thought about that. What would they do? They really didn’t have a way to tell what time of day it was. They didn’t even have a way to tell how long they spent down there.
“I guess we just sleep when we get tired, eat when we’re hungry, and move every other time,” she said at last. “We keep going for now and decide how long we’ve been down here when we get back up.” If we ever get back up.
 “If we ever get back up,” he said.
“You really have no idea when to not say something unhelpful, do you?” she asked.
“I say it so you don’t have to,” he said. “Leaders can’t afford to say stuff like that, so I say it for you.”
Everyone keeps telling me I’m a leader, Joyah thought. Some leader I’ve turned out to be. We’re scattered all across the swamp, and I don’t even know if Addri and I will make it out of here. Whose idea was it to start looking to some village kid like she’s a leader?
Joyah was so lost in her own thoughts she didn’t notice anything strange until Addri put his hand on her shoulder.
“What is it?” she asked, poised for anything.
“Ssh,” he said. “Listen.”
She stopped and listened, but she didn’t hear anything unusual. That is, unusual for the surface where there were plenty of background noises. That was what Addri had heard. A faint bit of background noise that was completely out of place in the silence of the tunnels.
“We’ve got to find where that’s coming from,” she said. It was easier said than done, but they were determined. This could be their ticket out of this mess! “This way,” Joyah said. She started forward in the direction they had been going.
“There’s a side tunnel here,” Addri said after a couple yards. They stopped and listened again.
“Let’s take it,” Joyah said. She slipped in through the small side tunnel.
It twisted and turned so much that in places they had to turn sideways to get around the bends, but eventually it opened up into a passageway very similar to the one they had just left. The faint background noise was a little louder there. They went left where the sound was stronger. After a bit Joyah realized the sound was starting to fade.
“Wait, listen,” she said. They stopped.
“It’s fainter,” Addri said, sounding distressed. “How could that be? We haven’t passed any side passages.”
“And there haven’t been any gaps in the floor,” Joyah said. “It definitely sounded stronger this way at first.” She racked her brain. They couldn’t have passed another tunnel, the floor and walls were all solid. What did that leave?
 “The ceiling,” Addri said. “There must have been a tunnel in the ceiling.”
“That would go straight up,” Joyah said.
“Maybe it’s a passage to the surface!” Addri said excitedly. “We could try to climb it!”
“We have to find it first,” she pointed out. “Let’s head back, and keep a hand on the ceiling.” They slowly started retracing their steps. After what felt like forever she ran into Addri. He had stopped suddenly.
“This is it.”
She raised her hand above her head and hit air. She felt the edges of the hole to find how big it was.
“It’s too small to brace ourselves,” she said. “How are we going to get up?”
He might have shrugged, but she couldn’t see him. Suddenly he yelled, “Hello?! Is anyone up there?!”
“Ow, my ear!” she exclaimed.
“Sorry,” he said, not sounding sorry at all. “Hey, can anyone hear me?!”
Joyah said, “You know, the chances of someone walking by the entrance at exactly the right time and listening close enough to actually hear you is-” She cut off. A sound was floating down the hole in the ceiling. “Try again,” she ordered.
“Hey, who’s up there?!” Addri yelled. “Can you hear me?!”
“Who’s that?”
“Addri! Who are you?!”
“Jeff, it’s me Jeff! Are you the only one?!”
 “No!” he answered. “Joyah’s down here too! Can you get us out?!”
“I don’t have rope!”
 “Can you get a vine?!” Joyah yelled. “They’re really stiff but at least they’re long!”
“I’ll be right back!”
“We’re getting out of here!” Addri exclaimed.
“Finally!” Joyah said excitedly. She was so done with this place. She was never ever ever coming down to this abyss of endless tunnels and random traps ever again.
It seemed to take Jeff forever, but finally they heard his voice again.
“I’ve got a vine! I think it’s long enough! It’s the longest I could find! I’m sending it down!” They heard the rasp of something sliding over the walls. Finally something rough and slightly wet landed on Joyah’s hand. “That’s as far as it goes!” Jeff called.
“It’s enough!” Joyah yelled back. “You go first,” she told Addri.
“No, you go,” he said. 
“We don’t have time for this!” she said, frustrated.
“Look, you’re lighter so it would be easier for Jeff to pull you up alone,” Addri said. “Then when you get up there you can help him pull me up.”
It made sense, which was the annoying part. She took the vine and held on as tight as she could.
“Go ahead!” she called up to Jeff.
Slowly the vine started up. Joyah was very glad that Jeff was stronger than he looked. She looked down briefly and wished she could see Addri. She didn’t really know how long she was in the little crevice, but it seemed much longer going up than going down. As she rose she could feel the air getting warmer and dryer. She soon realized that she could make out the outline of the vine she was clinging to. Finally she reached up and felt the edge of the crevice. She grabbed on and pulled herself up.
The crevice on the surface was bright. The sunlight burned at her eyes like the fire had down below. Joyah flopped down against one rock wall and rubbed at her eyes. She was out. Finally, after so much she was out. She squinted in the bright light. Jeff was leaning against the opposite wall. He looked tired but otherwise was okay. She stood to her knees and hugged him.
“Thank you, I never thought I’d get out of there!”
He smiled tiredly at her. “No problem. Now we just need to pull Addri up.”
Joyah took the vine and started feeding it back down into the crevice.
“Addri!” she called. “I made it! I’m sending the vine down now!”
“Okay!”
There was barely enough room for two people to hold their end when Addri called for her to stop. Jeff took the vine behind her. She felt the line go taught as Addri held onto the other end.
“Ready?” she asked. “Pull!” They both strained against the line. Slowly they pulled more and more of it up and out of the tunnels. Joyah closed her eyes and calmed herself. Focus, concentrate. It was easier once she had gotten rid of all distractions. Just put one hand over another. A sound poked its way into her trance. It sounded like something ripping. That wasn’t good. She peeked one eye open. Everything looked fine from this end. “Do you hear that?” she asked Jeff. He didn’t answer. In a moment she saw what it was.
 Her eyes widened when it came out of the darkness of the crevice. A section of the vine had been worn thin from sliding over the rocks while pulling her up, and now the strain was starting to be too much.
 “No!” Joyah let go of the vine and dove forward just as the weak section snapped. For one horrible second she saw the vine slipping past her fingers. Then her hands closed on the far section. The jerk of the vine snapping tight again yanked at her shoulders. She could hear Addri yelling. She was sliding forward again. Addri’s weight was greater than hers. She came up on one knee and braced against gravity. The sliding stopped just before the black crevice.
Jeff ran up and grabbed the vine in front of her. Together they pulled it back until they were away from the edge of the crevice. Not long after that they got Addri up all the way. All three of them dropped to the floor in relief. Joyah closed her eyes and leaned her head on her hand with her elbow on her knee. They were out, both of them, and no one had fallen to their death. She could feel raw sections on her hands from the vine, but that didn’t matter right then. For the moment they were safe. Joyah opened her eyes again and looked over at Addri. She could tell he was having the same problem with the light as she had. He managed to focus on her. They shared a smile.
Addri clapped Jeff on the shoulder.
“Thanks, man. You pulled us out of a nasty situation.”
Literally, Joyah thought. 
Jeff grinned tiredly. “No problem. I’m just glad to see you. Why were you down there in the first place?
“We had a little problem with a leech and ended up falling in,” Joyah said. She gave Addri a warning look. They were not going to tell Jeff about Gilla. As much as it hurt Joyah to admit it there was nothing they could do for their friend. If they went back down to find her they’d just get themselves killed, and telling Jeff would only make him freak out. Addri nodded slightly in agreement.
“We really need to find the others,” Jeff said, getting up. “Do you have any idea where we might be?”
“We’ve been underground in twisting, pitch black tunnels,” Joyah said. “We have no idea where we are.”
“You wouldn’t believe how cramped and disorienting it is down there,” Addri put in. “You can’t see anything, literally. There are so many different forks and side passages that connect and curve around everywhere, and there are traps in most of the tunnels.”
“Traps?” Jeff asked. He began leading them off to their right.
“They seem like traps,” Joyah said. She was stuck in the back again. “There are gaps in the floor you can’t see until you walk into them, sections where the floor falls away, and there was even an ice cold river filled with killer fish and a nasty serpent.”
“Not a nice place,” Jeff commented.
“That’s an understatement,” Addri said.
“How about you?” Joyah asked. “Where have you been?”
“Well, after I lost Addri I kind of wandered around for a while,” Jeff said. “I… kind of ended up walking into a trap, and Archie came out of nowhere and helped me out. We found this rock thing again and climbed around on it, but then the Assassins found us and we got separated in a crevice. That’s when I found you.”
“Do you have an idea of which way he might have gone?” Joyah asked.
“That’s where we’re headed,” Jeff said. “I’m pretty sure he might have run this way.”
“If we can find a land mark we can find out where we are and head back to the meeting point,” Addri suggested.
“Good idea,” Joyah said. “We can regroup there and come up with a better plan to find everyone. We’ll never get anywhere randomly running around like this.”
They reached the end of the crevice and climbed out. It was nearly night out, but to Joyah it was incredibly bright. She shielded her eyes from the setting sun and squinted at the ground.
“Wow, dusk never seemed so bright before,” Addri said. Jeff let them have time to adjust to the light before starting off again.
After the silence of the tunnels the background noise of the swamp was like a cacophony. It seemed almost impossible to discern which sounds were natural and which weren’t. That noise could be a crossbow firing or a stick breaking. That could be a frog or a cough. Still, there was no way for them to hear the Assassins or their friends anyway. All of them were way too good at sneaking around.
They didn’t speak much for a little while. Joyah kept glancing at Jeff. He seemed uncharacteristically withdrawn. She exchanged a look with Addri.
“Jeff,” she said gently. “What’s wrong?”
“I shouldn’t have suggested we split up!” he said. “This is all my fault.”
“No it’s not,” Joyah said. “I’m the one who wanted a new plan.”
“And I could have spoken up and shot the idea down,” Addri said. “It’s not one person’s fault, man.” They stopped beside a dead end crevice.
“Still…” Jeff said.
“Gilla would tell you to stop being stupid,” Addri said. “There’s plenty of ways each one of us could start blaming ourselves. Dwelling on them won’t help anyone.”
“Yeah, okay,” Jeff said.
Addri grinned. “You really-”
The tip of a throwing knife stuck out next to Addri’s sternum. He looked shocked right before he collapsed into the little crevice. Joyah jumped forward blindly, but there was no one to fight. The Assassin who had thrown it was yards away. He was already falling over with an arrow in his neck. Joyah dropped her sword and fell to her knees. Addri was laying next to the entrance. She shook his shoulders.
“Addri, Addri you’ve got to get up!” His eyes were open but he wasn’t moving. “Come on Addri! They could be here any minute! We have to get going! You have to get up!” She was crying now. In the background she could dimly hear people moving. The sounds of crossbows and a bow going off were distant noises. “Why won’t you get up? Why don’t you ever listen to me? Come on, we need to go!”
Someone was grabbing her shoulder.
“Joyah, come on,” Gilla was saying. “We need to go.”
Joyah was being dragged away from the opening. Her fingers slipped from his shoulders.
“No!” she sobbed. “Addri, Addri come on.” Her sword was shoved into her hands. Someone was pulling her to her feet and pushing her away.
“Move!” Gilla took the map from Addri and pushed a rock over the opening. She grabbed her friend’s arm and pulled her away. “Come on, we’ve got to go before they get here.” They ran passed the dead bodies of the Assassins Gilla had been fighting. The three of them had walked up to the fight without realizing it. The land was moving around her. It didn’t matter. All she could see was Addri’s pale face lying on the ground, the look of surprise still on it.
Why didn’t he get up? He never listened. Didn’t he know they needed to get away? The one time it really mattered he hadn’t done what she told him to. None of the other times did. He could go first if he wanted to. He could help her up anything. He could fight, protect her, try to be a hero. She’d hold the map instead if he wanted her to. All she wanted was that he’d get up and follow her. He just had to stand up and run out of this place with her. She’d do whatever he wanted, just as long as he did that one thing.
But he hadn’t. Why not? He never listened, never listened, never ever ever. She could still see him lying on the ground, bloody and surprised. He had to get up. He had to follow her. He had to be there.  He always would be with her. Mal could fix the blood. Mal fixed everything. Why didn’t he ever listen? Blood, ground, listen, Addri, surprise, leave, go, listen, ground, blood, Addri. Addri. Addri.
Mal was in front of her. Gilla was saying something. Jeff was standing to one side looking blank. Gilla had Joyah’s arm again. They were moving. The ground was getting hard again. It didn’t matter. Addri was there. He had to be. He was hiding just out of sight, waiting to jump out at her. Why was he trying to scare her so much? He had been covered in blood, so surprised on the ground. He hadn’t followed her. They were always together. He had been covered in blood. Oh no, oh no oh no oh no oh no. This couldn’t be happening. None of this could be happening.
Jeff fell to the ground. He wrapped his arms around his knees and put his head in his arms. Gilla sat beside him and put her arm around him, tears streaming down her face. Mal was standing to one side, staring off into the trees. His face was expressionless, but Joyah knew something was going on inside. She sat down hard. The ground was muddy but not swamp muddy. Where were they? It didn’t matter. None of it did. Addri. Oh no. She dropped her head into her hands. No, please no, that couldn’t have happened. It was all so fast. She must have seen it wrong. But Gilla had taken the map and closed up the hole. No.
Why? Why him? Why couldn’t it have been her? She should have been hit instead. Why hadn’t they gone for her? She was the better fighter, she had the crystal, she was the bigger threat, they should have gone for her. Joyah took the jewel out of her pocket. She stared into its red depths. This was the reason Addri was… She hated it. She wanted to fling it away and never see it again. Its red depths seemed to laugh at her, mocking her pain. They could have it. It didn’t matter if they could get the necklace together. They could take it and do whatever they wanted. It didn’t matter anymore. They could dig it out of the woods and stash it in their little collection. She slipped it back into her pocket. She dropped her face into her hands again and cried.
Time passed in a blur. Joyah was never sure who was moving them forward. In the beginning it was probably Gilla, but then Mal seemed to come into the forefront more. At some point it was her. Whatever.


Chapter 17
The Foresters


At some point Joyah stopped them. The sprinkle of rain combined with the night was making it nearly impossible to see. She sat and leaned against the trunk of a tree. Her friends all sat in different positions in a little clearing. No one moved to make a fire or some sort of shelter. She really should have done something about that. Instead she took the jewel out of her pocket again. She stared at it, the redness reminding her of Addri’s blood. She really could get rid of it now. One throw and everything would be over. They could all go and live in some little village where no one would find them. No one would get hurt, she wouldn’t lose any more friends, no one would d- She could see herself reflected in the shiny surface of the gem. It would be so easy…
Something caught her attention in the surface of the jewel. It was her chain, peaking around the edge of her collar. She reached up one hand and pulled it out. Lily had the ring that used to hang on this chain. Joyah switched her thoughts from Addri to home. There was an ache associated with thoughts of home, but it was a dull ache with edges of happy memories instead of the sharp ache of Addri.
Lily and her cousins would be in bed by now. Aunty still might be up, though. She’d be sitting near the window, looking out as far as she could. She couldn’t see much from the rain and dark but that wouldn’t stop her. She’d be mixing some herbs to keep her hands busy. No, she wouldn’t, she’d be so wrapped up in longing and worry for her little girl that she wouldn’t be keeping her hands busy. She’d be wondering where Joyah was. She’d wonder if Joyah was okay and pray to her ancestors that she was. She would have no way of knowing that her girl was sitting in the mud, her heart breaking. She wouldn’t know that Joyah was so close to giving all this up, going home to where it was safe and warm to make sure no one who she cared about would ever get hurt again…
But then they could. Then the Assassins would find the jewel. If someone else had the jewel then there was no way for them to complete the necklace and gain all that power. But if they found it nothing would stop them from controlling the world. A group of assassins ruling the world would only bring death and destruction. They’d succeed in their plan and ruin her safe little village. She wouldn’t be able to keep her family safe. Not with the power they’d get from the necklace.
Wasn’t that what she was doing now? Doing what was hard because no one else would. Doing what was hard so Lily, Aunty, and all her relatives could go to bed at night safe. Joyah re-focused on the jewel. She would never let those bastards get to her family. She would never let them get hurt like Addri had. She couldn’t protect them at her home, but she could keep them safe by making sure this was safe. Without this there was no necklace. Without this there was no power. No one was hurting her family.
Joyah tucked her chain back down her collar and slipped the jewel into her pocket. She stood up. Her hand brushed something in her belt. She looked down at it and froze. It was Addri’s dagger. Joyah’s sight narrowed down again. Very slowly she took it from her belt and held it in her hands. It hurt. It hurt so badly. She felt like she was going to die too, like she had left herself back in the crevice with Addri. Joyah’s fist tightened on the hilt. She couldn’t be alone in this world. Then she really would die.
Her other hand rose and touched the chain around her neck. She wasn’t alone. As long as Lily still had her ring she would never be alone. After a moment of hesitation Joyah slipped Addri’s dagger back into her belt. He would have wanted her to have it. One last attempt to keep her safe. It was a horrid thought that she hadn’t been able to do the same for him.
“Everyone up,” Joyah commanded. Her friends all looked at her. “I know it’s night, but we need to put as much distance between the swamp and ourselves as possible. We’re getting up that mountain.” She took a few steps before pausing. “Um, which way is the mountain?” Gilla got to her feet and walked to stand next to Joyah. She reached to take Addri’s map from her pack before remembering the rain. Addri’s map. Joyah closed her eyes tight against the rush of pain. She had to keep it safe for him.
“I don’t know exactly where we are,” Gilla said dully. “But we were traveling north, so if we keep going that way we should hit the base of the mountain. Then we can follow the base to whatsitcalled town and pick up the trail from there.”
“It’s a good plan as any,” Joyah said. “Lead the way.”
No one spoke as they sludged through the mud in the rain. The dark, dreary sky seemed to reflect their mood. The woods were dark and wet. The animals had all gone inside to hide from the rain. The loam had been replaced by mud that seemed black in the dark when they could see it at all. Joyah had a flashback to crawling through the pitch black tunnels with Addri. Addri. Joyah closed her eyes against the pain again. They’d both made it out of the tunnels alive, but what for? If it weren’t for their mission it would have been better for both of them to stay down there and waste away together. Except for their mission. Joyah opened her eyes again. They had to get to the Sanctuary. It was the only way to keep their loved ones safe.
The mud sucked at their shoes. Compared to the swamp, though, this was nothing. There were no bugs, no thigh-high water, no crocodilies or other wild animals. Mal and Addri would still have trouble with the mud since they weren’t wearing boots, but still. Only that wasn’t true since Addri wasn’t with them anymore. The pain came again. The pain never really did seem to leave. Addri was g- and the fact didn’t just change when she wasn’t necessarily thinking about him. It was an ache that was constant in her mind. It just was brought up in more detail when she thought of something that connected her main thoughts to him.
Joyah had to keep looking out for Assassins, but it wasn’t the easiest job in the dark. She barely could keep herself from braining her head on a tree branch or tripping over any number of low things in the dark. Still, there was no way she was letting her guard drop. She hadn’t been looking out for one minute and look what happened. Addri. No wonder Mal had such an attachment to safety and keeping watch. She hadn’t been giving him enough credit with the guilt he must be feeling. Now she had a taste of it herself.
Joyah thought about Mal’s useless self-sacrifice. There was no way she was going to let that happen to her. Keeping watch was necessary and they’d been neglecting it way too much, but the constant drive of guilt was dangerous. Jeff had been feeling guilt back in the swamp before… before the real tragedy had occurred. She couldn’t imagine what he must be feeling now. Addri had said that there was no one person to blame. They could play the blame game and pin it on anybody, but when you stopped and thought about it there wasn’t any one person whose fault it really was. Joyah continued scanning the trees and nearly tripped over a rock that suddenly appeared in front of her foot.
 Addri would tell her that it wasn’t her fault. He would say that some person not currently in their conversation would tell her to get over it and that the best thing to do was concentrate on the job at hand. If she really felt bad then she should not beat herself up over this and make sure she didn’t turn out to be like Mal. She’d be a hypocrite if she let her grief overcome her. Then he’d say something that would make her mad.
It still hurt. She wouldn’t let herself turn into something bad, but that didn’t change the fact that it hurt. She had the feeling it would hurt for a while.
“Stop.” The command came out of the darkness.
Joyah had a flash of self-hatred. She’d done it again! She’d been trying so hard this time, and yet someone had snuck up on her.
“I don’t allow folks as armed as you in this here forest,” the unseen man said gruffly. “Go back the way you came.”
“We can’t, there’s a swamp back there,” Joyah said.
“Then go around,” the man answered. “You aren’t coming through this way. I have a huge crossbow trained on your archer.”
Joyah felt Jeff tense up behind her. She knew what he was thinking. He’d just lost one of his best friends. He wasn’t about to lose Gilla. If Joyah hadn’t been so tired and heartbroken she might have been able to talk their way out of it. Instead she just said, “Come on, guys.” They turned and filed back in the direction they’d just come.
When Joyah was reasonably sure they were far enough back she stopped them. She looked at Gilla, who nodded. The little forester started picking her way through the underbrush, leading them in a semicircle around where they had met the man. There was no way they were ever going back into that swamp and they didn’t have time to find a safer path between the swamp and this forest. The unseen man was just going to have to suck it up.
Eventually Joyah stopped them for the night. This time she made sure they all ate and set up one of those hand-made tents. Joyah lay on her side for a while. She couldn’t get the image of Addri lying in the crevice out of her head. She should have been faster, she should have been smarter, she should have, should have, should have. These should haves had to go if she was going to protect her family. Finally she managed to drift off into dreams filled with running, blood, and dead staring eyes.

“Wake up.”
Joyah blinked and squinted in the morning light. The tip of a crossbow bolt was aimed between her eyes. On instinct she whipped a leg around and swept her attacker’s feet out from under him. Her kick ended with her up on one knee with one leg out to the side. She drew her sword as she looked at her attacker for the first time. He was a man around Mal’s age dressed in brown and green clothing much like Gilla’s. He had a belt filled with bolts slung over his shoulder, a hunting knife at his hip, and another strapped to his thigh. He had a square face and his skin was worn and tanned from hours in the sun. His steel gray hair fell flat on his head.
The man rolled to one knee faster than most men of his age could, though after traveling with Mal, Joyah was not impressed. He leveled his crossbow at her again. She rolled forward under where the bolt would have gone if he had actually shot at her. She came up in front of him and slammed the hilt of her sword into his chest. His breath wooshed out as he stumbled backwards. He dropped his crossbow and drew the knife on his hip. He attacked her again, fighting to subdue rather than to kill. She had to give him something, he was determined and not that bad. Anyone in the group could have taken him pretty easily, though, and he’d picked a fight with Joyah.
Joyah hooked their hilts together and twisted. In the same motion she spun on her knees so she was facing his side. His knife went flying from his hand. She caught it. His momentum carried him past her. He rolled forward and came to his feet. Joyah was already bouncing to her feet behind him and slipped her sword in front of his throat. She underestimated him, and he grabbed her arm and tried to flip her over his head. Instead she just ran up his back and hooked her legs around his neck. She used the momentum of his flip to bring him down. She rolled forward and away as he fell so she was on her feet when he hit the ground. She jumped forward and locked his arm behind his back in a hold that used his own strength against him.
The sound of a bow being pulled back caught her attention. Gilla was on her feet and standing on an old tree stump. Her bow was drawn and aimed at the old man. Her other friends were also up and had their weapons trained on him.
Gilla lowered her bow. “Joyah, he’s a forester. He’s on our side.”
“He didn’t seem to be on our side when I woke up with a crossbow trained at my face,” Joyah said calmly. “He’s probably the man who turned us back last night, too.”
“You should have gone back,” the man said gruffly. “People like you aren’t allowed in these woods. They’re under my protection.”
“He’s resilient,” Joyah commented.
Gilla hopped off the stump, her bow hanging at her side.
“Joyah, he’s a forester. Just let him go.”
“So he can attack me again?” Joyah said. “I don’t think so.”
“They’re great people,” Gilla pleaded. “I’ve dreamed of being one! Traveling about their woods, leading travelers to safety, protecting the roads, going places! They’re knowledge of the woods is unmatched and only slightly outweighs their bravery!”
“Why thank you,” came a voice from the woods. A woman around the man’s age stepped out from behind a tree. She was dressed the same, only instead of weapons she had a small sack.
“George, you didn’t say these people were mostly children,” she said accusingly.
“Marge, this ‘child’ is bending my arm behind my back!” the man said. “They’re dangerous.”
“And children,” she said sternly. “Just look at them, George! You made them sleep outside in the dark and mud last night. Besides, any girl who wants to be a forester is bound to have dangerous but good friends.”
“But-”
“No buts!”
Marge smiled serenely at Joyah. “Would you kindly release my husband? I can promise that he won’t give you any more trouble.” Joyah let go of his arm and backed up a couple places, still ready just in case. The man, George, climbed stiffly to his feet. “I apologize for my husband’s behavior,” Marge said. “He can be rather paranoid.”
“We have some experience with grumpy, paranoid old men,” Gilla said. Mal looked insulted.
“Won’t you come back to our cottage with us?” Marge said. “You all look like you could use a good meal and a dry place to sleep for the night.”
“Sorry,” Joyah said before anyone else could. “But we really need to get going. We’re on a bit of a schedule.”
“But it looks like your friends could use a bit of a break,” Marge said.
Joyah was about to say no. Then she stopped to look at her friends. They all looked weary, rundown, and depressed. Even Gilla’s continuous energy was gone.
“I don’t know what happened in the swamp, but I think you need a break,” Marge said.
“Okay,” Joyah said. “Thank you.”
Marge and George led them through the woods until they came to a small cottage. It was made of wood with a thatched roof. It was covered in leaves and moss. There was a wood door and no windows. Marge opened the door and held it for them. Joyah went inside first. Her friends filed in behind her. The cottage consisted of one room. There was a mattress in one corner and a low table in the center. Some herbs hung from hooks on the right wall.
Marge gave them each a bowl of hot soup. She sat down on the mattress next to Gilla while George and Mal lurked near the door. “So what brings you in this part of the woods?” she asked.
“We’re going to this town,” Gilla said.
“What town is it?” Marge asked.
Gilla looked at her friends. “Uh…”
Marge laughed. “You don’t know its name?”
“We call it whatsitcalled town,” Gilla said. “We don’t actually know its name, but we know it’s at the base of the mountain.”
“Hmm,” Marge said. “I think I know what town that is, though I don’t remember its name either. It’s outside our woods, but if you want we can take you to the edge tomorrow.”
“Thank you but no,” Joyah cut in. “We should go by ourselves.” The Assassins could be anywhere. They didn’t want to put the foresters in danger.
Marge raised an eyebrow. “Really? Is there any reason for that?” This was going in a direction Joyah didn’t like.
“We can’t really say,” Gilla said. “We have to do something, but it’s a bit of a secret.”
Marge nodded, looking at the two girls appraisingly.
“I’ll respect your privacy, but you should know that taking travelers through our woods safely is part of our job. If you’re in trouble we could help.”
Gilla glanced at Joyah. It was obvious the girl wanted to go with the foresters.  Joyah knew that was too dangerous.
“So how about your friends?” Marge asked. “Do they talk?”
“Usually,” Gilla said. “Well, not always Archie, but everyone else does.”
“And what are your names?” Marge asked. “I don’t think we’ve been properly introduced.”
“I’m Gilla Fletcher,” Gilla piped in. “The man by the door is Archie. She’s Joyah Pain, and over there is Jeffery Raymond.”
“Well, I’m Marge Wendell and over by the door is George Wendell. It’s a pleasure to meet you.”
Gilla couldn’t keep it in any longer. “So what’s it really like as a forester?” Marge and Gilla talked about forestry, and eventually George joined in. Joyah sat with her back to the wall and listened. Mal was still lurking by the doorway. She had the feeling he was keeping watch again. That was good. They needed to be prepared. Jeff was leaning against the far wall. Joyah realized that he hadn’t said anything since the swamp. No witty or unhelpful comments, no ideas, no words of support, no nothing.
Around noon Joyah stood up. “Thank you for everything, really, but we should be going.”
“Already?” George said. “You people need a break, and a longer one than a few hours.”
“We have a job to do,” Joyah said. “There are people out looking for us, so we need to put as much distance between us as possible.”
“No one can find our cottage unless we bring them here,” George said stubbornly.
“I could have,” Gilla said.
“I highly doubt that,” George said.
Joyah expected Jeff to snort and say ‘I don’t’, but the comment never came. Gilla crossed her arms over her chest cockily.
Marge noticed the hole in the conversation. She looked around at the teens and Mal.
“What happened in the swamp?” she asked.
There was a long silence. Joyah looked at Gilla and Mal. They were both looking at her. Finally Mal said in a hoarse voice, “We lost someone.”
Marge’s face softened. “What happened? Was it the crocodiles?”
“No,” Gilla said in a low voice. “Joyah was pretty good with the crocodilies.”
Marge did a double take at the name but didn’t make a comment.
“Was it another animal? A disease from the bugs?”
“There are people looking for us,” Joyah said harshly. “They snuck up on us.”
Jeff suddenly crossed from the wall to sit on the mattress. He wrapped his arms around his knees. Marge sat next to him and put her arm around him. “I see,” she said softly.
Joyah closed her eyes against the pain. She didn’t need this, this reminder. She had a job to do. Joyah moved towards the doorway. Marge stepped in front of it.
“We need to go,” Joyah said.
Marge crossed her arms. “You’ll have to go through me.”
Joyah could not believe this. Maybe they could use a break, but they couldn’t afford one.
“You people were really kind to us, so I don’t want to have to move you.”
“I’m a healer,” Marge said.
Joyah deflated. Darn it, she couldn’t move her.
“Any windows?” she asked George.
He shook his head. “It’s too easy for animals to get in them.”
“You can’t stand in the doorway forever,” she told the woman.
Marge gave a little smile. “We’ll see.”
Joyah sat down on the mattress between Gilla and Jeff. George went to the far left corner and started building a fire.
“I’ve been doing this job for a long time,” he said slowly, reminiscing. “I’ve seen a lot of people pass through here with plenty of stories. The hardest are always those who have been through some tragedy before they got here.” He nodded tiredly. “They’ve been through enough, I would think to myself. It’s my job to make sure they don’t have to go through any more.” He took out some flint to light the wood. “So I know there isn’t anything I can say to change what has happened. Sometimes the best thing is to take some time out to deal with what’s happened before finally being able to move on.”
“I don’t want to move on,” Gilla said quietly. “I don’t want to forget him.”
“Now I said ‘move on’, not ‘forget’,” George corrected. “There’s a difference. Forgetting is bad. Moving on is when you can think of his memory and smile because he lived instead of crying because he died.”
Joyah’s breath caught in her throat. He’d said the d-word. She wrapped her arms across her stomach and bent forward. Her stomach hurt.
“There it is,” Marge said from the door. “You’re not as hard as you pretend to be. You’re really a nice girl, Joyah. It’s a terrible thing that you’ve had to deal with this so young.”
“I have to keep going,” Joyah wheezed. “I have to make sure it doesn’t happen again. I’m protecting them, everyone, my family.”
“You can’t protect anyone like this,” Marge said.
Marge was right. Joyah was ashamed to look so weak. She had to be strong, she had to keep going. But she couldn’t. She put her chin on her fists. Gilla slipped her arm over her shoulders. Joyah put her arm across her back. Maybe it was best if they stayed a while. Marge nodded at her change in mood.
They stayed with Marge and George for the rest of the day. They probably weren’t the best company since they were all so melancholy, but Marge and George didn’t seem to mind. George busied around doing chores and making conversation while Marge made conversation from the doorway. If Joyah hadn’t been so depressed she would have been impressed with Marge. The woman really did stay in the doorway the whole time.
When night fell Joyah decided she couldn’t stay there anymore. She walked over to where Marge was sitting in the doorway. Marge raised an eyebrow in question.
“I just need to take a walk,” Joyah told her. “I’ll come back.” Marge moved her legs to allow Joyah to pass by.
The forest was dark at night. The stars twinkled overhead. Fireflies were floating among the woods so the dark trees reflect the sky. Joyah walked out among the underbrush. The wet leaves brushed against her legs and the loam squished under her feet. She could feel the wind whisper past her face and brush her hair. A squirrel skittered through the trees. Crickets chirped in the bushes. She stepped up on a fallen log. Addri would have stood next to her. She closed her eyes. She could almost feel him standing beside her, staring through the forest with her.
He would ask her why she was out alone. She’d tell him she couldn’t be cooped up anymore. He’d ask, not an inside person? She’d say that sitting inside upset wasn’t her thing. She could only do it for so long. Then he’d look at her and say not to miss him. He’d always be with her. They’d look at each other shyly before looking back out over the forest.
Joyah opened her eyes. Addri was gone. The air next to her was empty. He’d never really been there, but it felt like he had. It had felt nice. Comforting. Like he was watching over her still. Maybe that’s what George had meant.
When she returned to the cottage no one had moved much. George was trying to explain to Gilla where they were.
“It’s hard to explain without a map,” he said. “We’re so used to taking people through, not telling them how to get there by themselves.” Jeff moved for the first time in a while. He got to his knees and opened Gilla’s pack. He took out Addri’s map.
The cottage went very still. Jeff opened it to show George. Joyah glanced at Marge. The woman looked like she knew what was going on. George bent over the map.
“This is amazing,” he said in wonder. “No map has this much detail. Are those villages? I didn’t know there were that many.”
“It’s a secret of Addri’s family,” Gilla said. “It’s the most detailed map of this region there is.”
George nodded. “I can see that. This map is priceless.” For more reasons than one, Joyah thought. “Well, it seems we’re here,” George said, pointing out a spot on the map to Gilla. “If you take this trail it should lead you to the edge of our woods. From there you could go here and get to that town.”
Gilla shook her head. “That would take us through a mountain path. With all this rain we want to stay out of the mountains as much as possible. This path here is a little longer but it’s much safer.”
George looked surprised. “I guess you’re right. Are you sure you’re not a forester?”
Gilla looked pleased. “Well, I always was one at heart.”
George set up the best sleeping place for them as he could. It looked like Marge was going to sleep in the doorway. Joyah had to give it to her, the woman was determined. It seemed to be a trait of the class. Healers must have to be determined and stubborn to get their way with their patients. The blanket set up for Joyah was rather uncomfortable, but it didn’t really matter. She had the feeling that Marge and George weren’t prepared for visitors in their house, so everything they did for them she greatly appreciated.

The next morning Joyah woke slowly to the smell of baking bread. She blinked in the sun streaming through the open door. Marge was still sitting in the doorway. What was it with that woman?! Had she seriously sat there all night?! Joyah rolled over to tell Addri about her… but Addri wasn’t there anymore. Her good mood soured.
Jeff and Mal were still asleep. Gilla wasn’t anywhere in the cottage. Joyah climbed stiffly to her feet and walked over to the doorway. Marge looked up as she approached.
“How did you sleep?”
Joyah did her best to hide her stiffness. “Very well, thanks. Um, I kind of want to go outside.”
“And will you come back in?”
Joyah rolled her eyes. “No, I’m going to run away and abandon everyone here.”
Marge pulled her legs in so she could walk by. “George is making bread and fried meat for breakfast. He’s going crazy with it. It isn’t everyday he gets to cook for company.”
Joyah smiled at bit as she walked by the woman. “Not such a grump at heart.”
George was squatting near a smile fire outside. Joyah went to talk to him and nearly killed herself tripping over their shoes sitting in the sun. Gilla laughed slightly at her from a low branch in a tree. Joyah glared at her, but she didn’t really mean it.
“Smells good,” she said as she walked up to the little fire.
George grunted. “It better be after over thirty years of making it out here.”
“Thirty years?” Gilla exclaimed. “How old are you?”
“Don’t answer that,” Marge called. Joyah smiled slightly, but then her smile faded when she thought of how much Addri would have laughed at that. She looked at Gilla and saw that the girl was thinking of the same thing. Gilla and Addri had fought a lot, but they’d had a similar sense of humor. Besides, brothers and sisters fought all the time.
Mal woke up not too long after that and immediately went on watch. Jeff woke up just before the bread and meat was ready. It was nice eating a meal that wasn’t dried or soggy. George really was good at making food on a fire. After they were done Joyah looked over at Marge.
The woman looked slightly sad. “It’s time now, isn’t it?” Joyah nodded and got to her feet. Marge sighed and did the same. “Well I guess I couldn’t put it off forever. Is there anything you need?”
“No, I don’t think so.” Though, she had a feeling that she was forgetting something.
Marge and George took them partway to the edge of their woods. Joyah knew it was dangerous, but after everything they did she didn’t have the heart to tell them to go back. Finally the two stopped.
“Are you sure we can’t go all the way?” Marge asked.
Joyah shook her head.
“We need to go alone.” 
“Thank you, for everything,” Gilla said.
Marge gave her a hug.
“Take care. I know you’ll make a great forester.”
“Yes,” George said gruffly. “Take care of yourselves, and if you’re ever in this area again you’ll know where to find us.” Marge and George turned and disappeared into the trees. Joyah quickly lost sight of them, but she had the feeling Gilla still knew where they were.
Gilla led them off down the deer path George had picked out for them. Joyah still had the feeling she was forgetting something important, but she didn’t know what it was. What she did know was that, somehow, the time with the two foresters had eased her mind, at least a little bit. It still hurt to think about Addri, but now at least it wouldn’t stop her. Joyah looked up at the faces of her friends as they walked. They all still seemed to be in shock from Addri’s d… death. Something needed to be done about it.
“Hold up for a moment.” Her friends stopped and formed a semicircle around her. She looked into their tired faces. She didn’t really know what she was going to say, but she had to say something. “Look guys, Addri is, was, brave and true. He was taken from us so suddenly. I don’t think any of us really truly got that people could die. It occurred to us that it could happen but we never really realized that it’s true, besides maybe Mal. Addri’s the first to die on our Journey and he won’t be the last.” She paused here and searched her Journey sense. She continued slowly, “Another one of us will die.” Her friends stirred at this and looked around at each other worriedly. She continued, “This is my Journey and I’m going on, but if you want to turn back I understand. No one will hold it against you.”
Her voice hardened. “But if you stay then know this. There will be no crying or moping or mourning. We’re standing strong and finishing this. We’re going to make them pay for what they’ve done and will do, and we’re not going to stop until we do. When this is all over there will be time for mourning and saying goodbye to those who have left us, but that’s not today.” She paused, not quite sure where to go from there. “So what will it be?”
Jeff stepped forward immediately. There was fire in his eyes.
“We are going to make them pay.”
“Yeah!” Gilla shouted, raising her bow above her head.
Joyah looked at Mal. He nodded slowly.
“I will always fight.”
Joyah looked at her friends one at a time. She loved them so much. She didn’t want them to get hurt. From the looks on their faces and steel in their eyes she could see how determined they had become. If they kept going she’d never know whether each time she saw them was going to be the last. They knew it too. Yet they were still willing to keep going forward. Her heart swelled and she blinked back tears.
 “Then let’s make those bastards pay. Gilla, lead the way.”
They continued forward, but this time they were ready.


Chapter 18
Starling


It was around noon when Joyah realized what she had forgotten. Gilla’s pack had split down in the tunnels and lost over half of their food. Now they only had enough for lunch and dinner.
“Well, it could be worse,” Gilla said, sitting down between Jeff and Joyah.
“How could it be worse?” Jeff asked her.
“You could be stuck out here without a good hunter,” she said. Jeff and Joyah exchanged raised eyebrows. It looked like someone had gotten her spirit back.
She isn’t the only one, Joyah though as Jeff and Gilla talked together. Jeff had started talking for real again after Joyah’s little pep talk. She hadn’t thought it was that good, but the effect on her friends had been big. She closed her eyes as she thought of Addri again. I won’t let you down. No time for mourning, though. That’s what she had said. There would be time for that later. She opened her eyes and met Mal’s gaze. He nodded in quiet understanding. Joyah nodded back.
Gilla tapped the top of Joyah’s head. “Hey, are you listening?”
“No. What are you talking about?”
“We were debating when the best time for hunting would be. He thinks I should go out at night when we make a more permanent camp, but I think it would be too dark to really hunt so I should do it now or a little later.”
“But then we’d have to stop and wait for too long while you hunt,” Jeff put in. “If you do it at night then you can go hunting and skin it and stuff while we’re at a more permanent camp.”
Gilla was about to argue with him again, so Joyah cut in. “Maybe we should camp for the night a little early so Gilla will have enough light to hunt by but she also can take her time doing it.” Neither of them looked completely happy with this idea, but they didn’t argue.
They made it out of Marge and George’s woods in the afternoon. By late afternoon they were a good ways along the path Gilla had pointed out on Addri’s map.
“We’re making good time,” Joyah commented.
“I just hope it’s good enough,” Mal said from the back. “We don’t want another run in with the Assassins.”
Joyah and Jeff exchanged looks. They both would enjoy an opportunity to kill some Assassins.
“You haven’t changed,” Gilla called from the front. “You’re just as dark as ever.”
“You haven’t changed,” Mal retorted. “You’re just as laid back as ever.”
“No, no I’m not,” she said darkly. “Nobody’s going to sneak up while I’m the one leading us.”
They didn’t run into any Assassins for the rest of the day. It seemed they had finally managed to get them off their trail for once, at least for the time being. Still, none of them were letting their guard down. Joyah could see a new wariness in her friends that hadn’t been there before. She also could see them looking at each other when they thought no one noticed. Trying to decide which one would be the one to die. Maybe she shouldn’t have told them about that. But they deserved to know. They had to know in order to really make the correct decision to keep going or not.
They set up camp before the sun started to set. Jeff and Mal started setting up their hand-made tent while Joyah collected firewood. Gilla slung a new quiver of arrows over her shoulder and started out into the woods. Joyah dropped what she was doing and hurried to follow her.
“Hey, wait up!”
Gilla looked back. “What?”
“I want to go too,” Joyah said.
Gilla raised an eyebrow skeptically. “Have you ever gone hunting before?”
“No, I was too young, but I’ve always wanted to. The hunters always seemed so cool.”
Gilla stared at her.
“You, the kick-ass heroine with freaky knowledge in fighting, weren’t allowed to hunt because you were too young.”
“Yeah. It’s an adult’s job.”
“And doing all the heroic stuff you were probably doing isn’t?”
Joyah put her hands on her hips.
“Look, after the twentieth time Aunty told me not to go running off and doing something dangerous she gave up trying to stop me. It’s just that hunting is such a small thing that I decided to listen to her.”
“If she didn’t want you doing something dangerous then why did she start you on martial arts?”
“She didn’t. Every kid was brought to the martial arts studio to learn self-defense,” Joyah said. “I ended up latching on to it more than the others. When we stopped lessons I was old enough to go there on my own.”
“That makes no sense,” Gilla said. “Why in the world would someone teach toddlers self-defense instead of waiting until their older? That’s way too young unless they intend to turn the kid into you, and if your Aunty tried to keep you away from danger then that obviously wasn’t her intent. It’s like she wanted you to turn out like you and didn’t want you to at the same time!”
“Look, I don’t know, okay?!” Joyah snapped. She was not enjoying having holes picked in the happy memories of her childhood. “The point is I want to go hunting now.”
 Gilla shrugged. “Okay, but stay close and try to be quiet. I don’t need someone tramping around behind me scaring away all of the game.” Joyah felt a thrill of excitement. She was actually going hunting!
They didn’t find any game large enough for a while, but it was exciting all the same. Joyah couldn’t do much besides point out animals since she didn’t have a ranged weapon, except for once when she almost got a rabbit with her sword. She was really proud until Gilla told her that the bunny looked really old and was probably hard of hearing.
Joyah was the one who saw the deer first. It was a beautiful doe standing in a little clearing not too far away. Her fur glinted golden in the sun. Her delicate head was down eating grass. Joyah nudged her friend and gestured towards it. Gilla looked annoyed for not having seen it first. She moved slowly closer to the deer, preparing for a good shot through the trees. Slowly she raised her bow, pulled back the arrow, released…
The deer jerked and dropped to the ground, dead.  Joyah grinned in success! Then she heard Gilla’s arrow hit a tree. There was some rustling in the bushes across from them. Gilla jumped up and took off after whoever had hit the deer first. Joyah followed, pausing only to look at the deer. It had a crossbow bolt in its eye, one smaller than any she had seen before.
It was hard following Gilla through the woods. The smaller girl could zip in and out of everything soundlessly, and she was very fast. Gilla was also making no attempt to wait for Joyah, which made it extremely difficult to keep up. She somehow managed, though. After a long sprint through the trees Gilla finally stopped. She crouched behind some bushes, watching someone. Joyah dropped down beside her.
The person who had shot their deer appeared to be a girl a little smaller than Gilla. She seemed to be around thirteen. She ran up to two boys. One of them looked like her twin brother. Both twins were impossibly skinny with straight black hair, olive shaped eyes, and pale skin with an odd green tinge. While this made the girl look mysterious and dangerous it made the boy look sickly. He was twisted and hunched over a bit. He held his arms at odd angles to his sides and his fingers in claws. It was almost unpleasant to look at him. Both wore identical skin tight black outfits with black sashes around their waists.
The twins faded into the background a bit. Shadows seemed drawn to them. The one who really seemed to draw attention was the third. He was a tall, handsome boy only a bit older than Joyah, maybe sixteen. He had golden hair that shone in the sun and bright green eyes. He wore a white collared shirt with the sleeves rolled up to his elbows, brown pants, brown boots, and a sword at his hip. The sword was a thing of beauty. It looked like a fencing sword, only its handle guard was made of thin, interweaving metal gilded with gold and decorated with tiny diamonds. Even at this distance Joyah could tell that it was very fine quality.
Gilla pulled on Joyah’s sleeve. Together they backed away from the bushes until the trio was out of sight. Gilla silently turned and hurried back in the direction they had come from. When they got back to the clearing with the deer Joyah asked, “So what was with that crazy run through the woods? Why follow her all the way back there if you’re just going to turn around and come back?”
“I had to make sure she wasn’t dangerous,” Gilla said.
“And was she?” Joyah asked.
Gilla shrugged. “I don’t know. They didn’t look incredibly dangerous. At least we know they weren’t Assassins.” She walked over to the deer and kicked it absently. “I suppose we should leave this here for now in case she comes back. She did win it fair and square.”
“We need to go tell the guys about this,” Joyah said. “Even if they aren’t a danger the guys would want to know about it.”
Back at their campsite Mal and Jeff had finished the tent and gotten a fire going. Jeff looked up as they walked up.
“Didn’t find anything?”
“Well, Gilla did find a deer,” Joyah said. “But someone else got it first.”
Mal came over. “Who?”
“A girl,” Gilla said. “She was this little thing dressed all in black with odd skin, and she had a crooked twin brother and a really good looking friend.”
“Assassins?” Mal asked.
Joyah shook her head. “All the Assassins we’ve met were wearing hoods over their heads.”
“They could be friendly,” Jeff suggested.
“We should move on a bit anyway,” Mal said. “We want to avoid contact as much as possible."
They started repacking everything. Joyah couldn’t help wondering who the trio might be. Maybe they were friendly. It would be nice to meet someone friendly right then. Still, there was the chance that they were dangerous. Better to just move on. In her distraction Joyah fumbled the flint. It tumbled over the grass to land near the trees. Joyah sighed. Such a klutz. She wandered over to get it and found herself face to face with the handsome boy from the trio.
He looked as surprised to see her as she did of him. Joyah could barely see his two little friends in the shadows off to either side. What were they doing here? Were they going to attack? Joyah and the boy stared at each other in surprise.
Then the boy smiled. He had a brilliant smile that seemed to say that he had all the cards and was totally in control, and he found other people’s lack of control amusing.
“Hi,” he said. “I’m Hasin Starling.”
Joyah heard her friends stop everything and come up slowly behind her.
“I’m Joyah Pain,” Joyah said, snapping herself out of the shock of his sudden appearance. Out of the corner of her eye she saw Gilla step out of Hasin’s view and mouthed ‘he’s cute!’ Jeff scowled. “This is Jeffery Raymond, Mallew Archibald, and over there is Gilla Fletcher,” she said.
“Pleased to meet you,” Hasin said pleasantly. “This is Ala and Ruen.” The twins did not look as happy to see them as Hasin did.
“So what brings you to this part of the woods?” Mal asked warily.
Hasin shrugged. “We’re out exploring the world. How about you?”
“We’re visiting some family in a town near the base of the mountain,” Joyah said. She found herself liking this boy.
“Really? We might be heading in the same direction,” Hasin said. “What’s the town called?”
Joyah and Gilla exchanged panicked looks. Oops. Who was going to believe that they were visiting family if they couldn’t even remember the name of the town?!
Hasin noticed their look. He seemed to find it amusing.
“You don’t actually know, do you? We’re going north.”
“So are we,” Joyah said, relieved at not having to scramble to remember the name.
“That was a really nice shot, with the deer I mean,” Gilla told the girl named Ala. Ala didn’t answer.
“They don’t talk much,” Hasin said. “Though Ala did mention that you would have gotten it if she hadn’t shot first. You must be a superb archer.”
Gilla grinned and flicked some hair over her shoulder. She was obviously enjoying the attention. Jeff’s scowl deepened.
“Well, she won it fair and square anyway,” Gilla said.
“We wouldn’t mind splitting it,” Hasin said. “It’s a large deer for three people.”
“Sure!” Gilla said happily.
To Jeff’s dismay the trio stayed with them until it was dark. Ala and Ruen didn’t talk at all, but Hasin was happy to carry on a conversation with any of them. When the sun had completely set they divided the deer. After long drawn out good-byes Hasin and the twins went back to their own campsite.
Gilla sat down near the campfire between Jeff and Joyah.
“I like him.”
“I don’t,” Jeff said.
“You didn’t like Addri at first either,” Gilla said.
Jeff was suddenly very angry. “Don’t you ever compare Addri to anyone! He was a great person whom I wrongly accused of being a traitor, and he was one of my best friends!”
Joyah’s heart began to hurt again. She hadn’t noticed how Hasin’s sudden arrival had distracted her, at least for a little while, from the pain.
Gilla looked like she realized that she’d brought up a subject she shouldn’t have.
“Yeah, you’re right, sorry.”
“We shouldn’t be around them anymore,” Mal said. “The Assassins are still looking for us. If they find us then those three could get hurt.”
Joyah hadn’t thought of that. “Then we should leave early tomorrow before they get up.” Her friends all nodded. Jeff looked relieved. Joyah helped Gilla skin the deer and dry the meat out while the guys remade their tent.
The next morning they got up early and set down their little campsite as quickly and quietly as possible. Then Gilla led them away. Joyah wondered briefly if they’d ever see the trio again. She hoped not. They seemed like nice people and she didn’t want them to get hurt because of her Journey. She looked at her friends as they walked. She was constantly protecting people. Her friends were great warriors and could take care of themselves, but during every fight she found herself worrying about their safety. After all, she was the better fighter. She was even protecting people who weren’t with her, like Lily and Aunty. It would be nice to have someone she didn’t need to protect all the time.
“We should reach whatsitcalled town tomorrow,” Gilla reported. “Unless we keep running into road blocks. Who wants to bet we will?”
“Who would want to bet we won’t?” Jeff asked. “It’s not like we’ve had a single stretch of this journey in which we didn’t get held up by something.”
“We might get lucky,” Joyah said. They rounded a corner. “Or not.”
Their trail dipped down a bit, and for about ten yards it went under muddy water. Gilla slipped down the incline carefully until she was at the edge of the mud. She picked up a stick and stuck it down into the water.
“It’s pretty deep,” she said. “Who here wants a reminder of what it was like wading through the swamp?” No one raised their hand. “Didn’t think so,” she said. She stood up and peered in both directions. “If I’m remembering correctly there are trails pretty close in either direction. The one to our right takes us away from the mountains, but it’s really long. The one to our left takes us to the base of the mountain where we’re in danger of mud slides and avalanches, but it’s much shorter. Pick a trail, any trail.”
 Joyah expected Jeff to be the first to voice his opinion, but he didn’t. She hoped this wasn’t because of what happened in the swamp.
“I’d vote the mountain trail,” she said. “If you guys don’t want to go the dangerous route, though, that’s fine too.”
“I agree,” Jeff said.
“The sooner we’re there the better,” Mal said.
“Congratulations, you have chosen the left trail!” Gilla said. “Right this way, folks.”
Mal went to follow Gilla, but Joyah held Jeff back.
“Hey, so how come you didn’t speak out there? You’re usually the first to voice an opinion.”
“I don’t want to talk about it.”
“Why, because I might actually help? Hey,” she stopped him from moving forward again. “I said no moping, remember? We need your opinion- it’s usually right.”
“And the one time it wasn’t it cost a friend’s life,” he said angrily.
“We’re practically in a war here,” Joyah told him. “Mistakes have big consequences, but that doesn’t mean we need to stop making decisions to avoid them. How else will we learn things like ‘splitting up is bad?’ It’s better to make mistakes now and get things right later than make them later when the consequence could be the whole country instead of one person.”
Jeff closed his eyes. Her heart went out to him, but she couldn’t let up now.
“I can’t lose anyone else.”
“If you help us, you won’t have to,” Joyah said softly.
“Do you know which one of us will… get it next?” he asked.
“No,” Joyah said. “But hanging on that will just distract us. We should concentrate on trying to keep it from happening, rather than wondering about it.”
“Hey, are you guys coming?” Gilla called.
They skirted the edge of the muddy water. Pretty soon they came to the edge of the mountains. Looking up Joyah’s breath was taken away. The mountain dwarfed anything she had seen so far. After seeing so many cities and having so much amazement at the huge manmade structures she finally saw what real size looked like. Man tried to create huge, grand things, but nature just laughed. Nature made real grandeur, real beauty, real raw power. The mountain seemed to reach the sky. It seemed to go so high that at any moment it would tip over and fall down to crush them. But it never would. The mountains had been there long before humans were and they’d be there long after.
“And we have to climb that?” Gilla said.
Jeff looked rather pale. “I think I’ll stay down here with the Assassins.”
Still staring up at the top, Joyah walked past them down the trail.
“We’re all going up. I hope this trail doesn’t go up into it, Gilla. We want to stay out of that as long as possible.”
The mountain continued to loom over them, seeming to want to remind them of how tiny and insignificant they really were. The mountain didn’t care about the petty affairs of humans. It seemed to have a personality of its own. A powerful, constant force that made little animals like humans shiver. Joyah remembered how the elders of her village used to tell stories of how everything in nature had its own spirit that could sometimes appear in different forms, usually of dragons. Looking up at the mountain she could tell why people would think that.
They hadn’t gone far when Gilla stopped them again. She leaned close to Joyah’s ear and whispered, “I saw something. I’ll go scout.” Joyah sent the message back before following her. Gilla didn’t seem too surprised when she looked over her shoulder to find that Joyah was coming too. She gave her a look that clearly said, “don’t get me caught.”
Around a couple bends Joyah spotted what Gilla had seen. The two girls crouched behind a boulder and peered over the top. Some Assassins were lurking in the shadows of the trees. Joyah felt her face flush in anger. They were the reason Addri was dead. They were so close. It would be so easy to take revenge. After a moment they all turned simultaneously to look down the trail in the other direction. It was a little creepy. A moment later another Assassin appeared. He nodded to the four already there. They didn’t say anything, but it seemed as if they were communicating. Eventually the Assassins formed a circle. They looked like they were planning something. Joyah pulled gently on Gilla’s sleeve. The two girls slowly moved back until the Assassins were out of sight. Then they turned and hurried back to the guys.
“Five Assassins,” Gilla reported. “They seem to be planning, probably how they’re going to find and kill us.”
“It would be an awful shame if they were to get into an accident,” Joyah said.
Gilla grinned evilly.
“We should avoid contact with them as much as possible,” Mal said. “Even if we miss an opportunity for revenge.”
“Don’t try,” Jeff advised him. “You know it won’t work.”
Joyah dropped to one knee and drew in the dirt with one finger.
“So this is the trail we’re following. The five of them are grouped together here.”
Gilla went to one knee beside her.
“There’s a pathway that leads up a small cliff overhead this way, and there’s probably one of those super-secret trails over here. That’s where the guy would have come from.”
“There would probably be scouts somewhere,” Jeff said. He pointed out some spots with his toe. “These are the most likely pattern.”
Mal shook his head. “They’d be here instead.” He pointed out five different spots. “They could be hiding in trees, underbrush, or basically anything.”
Joyah surveyed the design. “I say Gilla goes up the mountain trail and takes out the one hiding there. Mal sneaks around and takes out a few of the guards before positioning himself in the super-secret path. I’ll go up after Gilla so I can get on the other side of the deer trail while Jeff stays on this end. That’ll cut off any means of escape.”
“I can watch the woods and take out anyone that we missed,” Gilla said.
Joyah nodded. “Jeff and I can take on the five while Gilla and Mal hit anyone we didn’t know about.”
“Seems like a decent plan,” Mal said.
Joyah wiped away the design with her hand and Jeff said, “Let’s do it.”
Back around the bends in the trail Mal disappeared into the woods. Gilla paused to give him time before starting up the small mountain trail.
Joyah leaned close to Jeff to whisper in his ear.
“Watch me across the way. When I’m in position I’ll give you a nod. We’ll attack together.”
He nodded. Joyah waited a little while longer before following Gilla up the mountain path. It was barely big enough for her to put both feet on and covered in loose rocks. It went up the edge of a small cliff. She could see the ground falling away bellow her.
Gilla was waiting for her at the vertex.
“Any trouble?” Joyah whispered.
Gilla grinned cockily. “Nothing I couldn’t handle.”
Joyah passed her and started on her way down. She wasn’t afraid of heights, but still she was glad to see the ground coming closer again. She stepped off onto the loam of the deer trial. She snuck up until she could see the Assassins again. Jeff was peering overtop the rock she and Gilla had hidden behind before. The late arriver nodded to the others again and disappeared down the super-secret trail. If everything went well he wouldn’t get very far. She gave Mal a moment to deal with the guy. Then she nodded to Jeff and jumped out.
Joyah hit the first guy with a flying kick. Though he looked dazed he managed to roll forward with the hit. She had to admit his reflexes were good. Jeff had jumped out from behind the rock and hit his first target from behind as well. Shadow man number two barely had time to draw his dagger before Joyah attacked. He slid her first lunge off to one side. She took the small opening he left and kicked him in the stomach. Number one was back on his feet and coming for her from behind. She ducked under his first swing and sweep kicked his legs out from under him. He rolled again to avoid hitting the ground. She caught number two’s lunge between her elbow and side as she came up. She twisted so the dagger came out of his hand and caught it with her free hand. Number two had a second knife and lunged at her as number one did the same with his sword. She deflected both, number two’s with his own dagger and number one’s with her sword. She spun and slashed them across the chest with the opposite blade.
Joyah stepped on number one’s blade. He yanked it up. She used the momentum to help her backflip and land behind number two. The hilt of her sword cracked on the top of his head as she came down. Number two dropped to his knees. Number one threw a knife at her over his head. Joyah managed to twist to one side to avoid it. Number two wasn’t as dazed as he had seemed. He swept his arm out to one side and took her ankles out from under her while she was distracted. Joyah caught his wrist before he could bring his knife down into her throat. She redirected it so it bit into the ground next to her neck. She twisted her body and threw him over her by his wrist.
Number one caught her with a kick to the spine. These guys were better than the normal mooks they’d been fighting. Usually she would have won by then. It seemed that they were working their way up the hierarchy. Joyah rolled over before he could attack again. In the same motion she caught number two in a hold behind his back so he was between her and number one’s attack. Number one stopped his sword and inch from his companion’s stomach.
Joyah caught a glimpse of Jeff out of the corner of her eye. He was backed up into a tree fighting the other two. Gilla and Mal must have had their hands full with some others because Gilla wasn’t shooting them. Joyah had to get over there. She kicked number two in the back so he was thrown into number one. Joyah took the opportunity to roll backwards and to her feet. She took three steps towards the mountain trail. She scooped up a rock and threw it at one of Jeff’s opponents.
“Face me!”
So this idea worked in theory, but now she had three people coming at her, all of whom were almost as good as Jeff. She turned and ran towards the mountain trail. If she could get up it then they’d have to come at her one at a time. She could deal with them then.
Assassin number two caught up to her a quarter of the way up the trail. The footing there was incredibly insecure, especially for someone facing backwards. She turned and blocked his dagger high.
“Looking for this?” She got him in the stomach with his own dagger. He fell and hit the ground bellow with a sickening crunch. Joyah decided she was high enough. Moving backwards while fighting was just asking to follow number two down.
Number three crouched low and came at her carefully. Behind him number one was loading a crossbow. That wasn’t good. Joyah took a chance and went to him instead of waiting for him to get to her. Number three ducked under her first thrust and went for her ankles. She stepped up onto his back and ended up behind him facing number one. Number three nearly went over the edge. She kicked backwards and sent him on his way. She hooked her sword with number one’s crossbow just as he fired. The bolt went over her shoulder. She twisted down low so she went by his legs and he went over the edge.
The Assassin’s last act before he fell was to hook his foot behind her ankle. Horrified, Joyah felt her leg get yanked out from under her. Her top half landed on her side on the ledge and her legs landed on air. Joyah dropped her sword, which clattered to the ground below. She grabbed at some weeds desperately before she fell to her death.
Joyah’s feet waved in the air. She tried to yank herself back up, but the weeds began to snap at the extra pull. She made the mistake of looking down. The ground seemed to drop away forever. Three broken bodies already lay at the bottom. Was a fourth about to join them?! Calm down, she scolded herself. Panicking would help no one. Maybe she could get a knee up on the ledge. If that didn’t work she could always call to Gilla for some help.
Before she could do either of these things she felt a hand close of her wrist. Gilla? Joyah looked up to find not Gilla, but the green eyes of Hasin Starling. He was smiling as if he found her predicament, or the fact that he was about to save her life, amusing.
“Need some help?” He pulled her back up onto the ledge.
“Thank you,” she said. How embarrassing! She must have seemed like a flaky little damsel, hanging off the edge until someone came to save her.
Hasin didn’t seem to think much of it, though. He just shrugged and grinned wider as he drew his sword.
“Want to go have some fun?”
Joyah raised an eyebrow and drew Addri’s dagger. “Fun?”
Instead of answering Hasin turned and led the way back down the trail. For once since the fight had begun Joyah had an opportunity to survey the field. There were more Assassins then they had anticipated, but they weren’t doing too badly. Now that the four most dangerous ones were down Jeff was able to take the front of them. Gilla was keeping the Assassins in the woods off his back. Joyah couldn’t see Mal. She was willing to be that he was playing hide and seek with some more. She couldn’t see any sign of Hasin’s friends, but she did notice that some of the downed Assassins had small darts in their sides. Maybe that girl’s crossbow didn’t just shoot bolts.
“Maybe I should go first,” Joyah advised.
Hasin raised his eyebrows. “You don’t have your sword.”
“It’s just over there past the guys that are charging us, and I’m really good.” She saw him judge the distance. She’d be able to get there if those guys were out of the way, but then she’d be surrounded. She doubted he’d agree with letting her go. Addri wouldn’t have.
“Get ready to run,” he told her. She blinked at him. Then she grinned. She took a couple steps back and got into a running position.
Hasin stepped forward to meet the three idiots charging them. He ducked under the first guy’s mace and used his momentum to flip the guy over his head. He moved his head slightly to one side so the next lady’s dagger went past his ear. He grabbed her wrist and aimed it so the woman hit the guy he had flipped in the chest. He swung the woman around so she was bent over. Joyah took this as her cue. She took a running start and vaulted off the Assassin’s back. Joyah rolled when she hit the ground and came up with her sword. To her disappointment there weren’t many left to fight. Hasin had already taken down his three, Jeff was holding off three more, so that only left two for her.
Joyah narrowed her eyes at the two cautiously approaching. This was for Addri. She leaped forward and turned so she could catch the first woman’s thrust over her shoulder. Her momentum kept her sliding under her legs. The woman dropped her sword to keep from behind turned upside down. Joyah whipped around to sweep kick the second guy. He jumped backwards to avoid her. She came up just as the woman grabbed her shoulder. She drove a knife at Joyah’s stomach. Joyah turned sideways to avoid the blow and slipped out under her arm. Joyah felt a bit of blood trickle down her shoulder. So, the woman’s knife had been a distraction. The real danger was in the needle hidden up her sleeve.
Joyah saw the guy a moment before he got to her. She arched her back and turned at the same time. His dagger came within an inch of her back. Joyah took him by the shoulder and encouraged the dagger along the way into the woman’s abdomen. Then, in a stroke of irony, she hit him through the chest with Addri’s dagger. She couldn’t help but feel some satisfaction from that. Then she thought, hey, I didn’t even need my sword!
Joyah turned to find Hasin leaning on his sword watching her.
“You were understating when you said you were good, Pain,” he said appreciably.
She tossed her hair over her shoulder. “You’re not too bad yourself.”
He raised his eyebrows. “Not too bad?”
Joyah looked back over the fight. Jeff was doing fine. He had taken out one and Gilla had shot another. As she watched Gilla’s arrow and Jeff’s sword pierced the poor last guy at the same time from different sides.
“You know your shoulder has blood on it, right?”
Joyah turned back to Hasin. He had come up behind her while she wasn’t looking. She looked down at her shoulder. Oh, right.
“That’s funny, the last time I got poisoned I started feeling weird right away. This is different. I don’t feel it at all.”
Hasin looked into the woods and gestured to someone with a flick of his head. A moment later the twisted boy, Ruen, came out and walked to them. He took Joyah’s arm and looked at the scratch.
“It’s…” he said a long word she didn’t follow. Hasin raised his eyebrows at him. “It’s a type of slow moving poison that completely destroys the muscle while numbing it so you don’t feel anything,” he clarified. His voice was hoarse. Joyah didn’t think he used it much. “It doesn’t have a reliable antidote, but with just the right weak poison you can burn it away.”
“Do we have it?” Hasin asked. Ruen looked at him like he was being stupid. Hasin looked to the woods again and called someone else over. Ala came out to join them. Hasin spoke quietly to her. A moment later she turned and disappeared again. “She’s going to go get it,” Hasin explained to Joyah.
Mal and Jeff picked their way around the dead Assassins to get to them.
“What’s up?” Jeff asked. He didn’t look happy that Hasin was back.
“Apparently I was poisoned again,” Joyah told him. “It’s, uh…” she looked to Ruen. He repeated the name.
Mal’s eyes got very wide. “They’re using that? This is very bad. How long ago were you hit?”
“Less than a minute,” Joyah said. “Ala’s gone to get some sort of weak poison that Ruen can use to counteract it.”
“I didn’t know that was possible,” Mal said.
“So are you a healer?” Gilla asked Ruen as she joined them.
“No,” Hasin said. He didn’t seem to be fazed at all by Joyah’s predicament. “But he’s very good at what he does.”
Ala appeared next to him just then. She handed Ruen a small bag. Ruen set it down and started rummaging through it.
“How good is your constitution?” he asked.
“Very,” Mal said. “It took…” he said another really long name “almost a minute to knock her out.”
Ruen nearly dropped the bottle he was holding, though it was the only sign he made of being surprised. Ala and Ruen didn’t seem to express anything much. He chose a bottle and had Joyah sit down. He dropped some of it one the scratch.
Joyah squeezed her eyes tight against the pain. She could hear the two poisons sizzling against each other. The pain didn’t lessen as it went along. Instead it started turning into a dull but strong ache. That must have been the muscle damage. Ruen put the bottle back into the bag and closed it. She assumed that meant it had worked.
“Well, at least this wasn’t my sword arm,” she said.
Her friends all sat down beside her. Ala went to get the rest of the trio’s bags. When she came back Hasin said, “So I’m guessing you aren’t actually going to visit family.” They all went quiet. “You aren’t honestly going to tell me that those were just bandits. Really good bandits who are also experts in poison,” he added.
Joyah could bet her friends were all scrambling for an excuse. “No, we aren’t.” Her friends stared at her. She knew they weren’t supposed to be in contact with people and they’d only just met these three, but she suddenly knew that it was necessary for Hasin Starling to go with her. She recognized her Journey sense in action.
“You don’t seem that surprised,” Jeff accused.
“That’s because I’m not, shorty,” Hasin said pleasantly. Joyah began to wonder if that expression ever left his face. “Do you honestly expect anyone to believe that four highly armed people traveling through deserted woods looking like the Abyss is after them are just going to visit family?”
Jeff fumed in silence.
“We’re trying to protect this,” Joyah said. She took the jewel out of her pocket and held it up for them to see. Mal sucked in his breath at her bold move.
“I found it,” Joyah said. “I took it to Guem, and Mal gave us some books that told us that it’s a piece of an ancient necklace called the Connarist’s necklace. The Connarist was a friend of the Empress, our first monarch. With it he had absolute power. Its magic can only be used by his descendents. When he was old he sent his closest followers to bring the pieces to different places called Sanctuaries where they will be totally safe until his heir calls it back together. They failed, and the pieces were hidden. Those people attacking us want the pieces for absolute power. They’re from a super guild of assassins with people in practically every guild. They’re called the Assassins.”
“They have great imaginations,” Gilla commented.
Joyah continued. “This is their symbol.” She took out the symbol. Then she slipped both back into her pocket. “We think that someone in one of the mountain villages might know where the Sanctuary is so we can make sure the Assassins don’t get the power of the necklace.”
For once Hasin wasn’t smiling. “That’s really important.”
“It is,” Joyah agreed. “And really dangerous. That’s why we didn’t tell you what we were doing. Anyone who comes in contact with us is in danger.”
“We’re going with you,” Hasin said.
“What?!” Jeff exclaimed.
“I just said it’s really dangerous,” Joyah cautioned. “We… we already lost a friend.”
Hasin had his totally-in-control smile again.
“I think we can handle ourselves, if you think we’re ‘not too bad’ enough.”
“Joyah,” Jeff began warningly.
“Guys,” she said. “This is one of those times where you don’t get to argue.”
The trio insisted that they eat some of their section of the deer for lunch. Joyah would have thought that Hasin was trying to get on Jeff’s good side if it weren’t that he kept making little comments that put Jeff’s teeth on edge. It seemed he was doing it on purpose, too.
While they were packing up Gilla attempted to make conversation with Ala. “You’re really good with that crossbow. What kind is it? I’ve never seen one that small.” Ala gave her a cold look. “Well I’m just trying to be friendly,” Gilla said. “If you want to talk about something else that’s fine. Where do you come from? I’m from Guem. That’s also where I met these three. How’d you meet Starling?” Ala tried to move away. “Hey!” Gilla exclaimed. She followed her. “What’s your problem? You got a problem with me?”
“You talk too much,” Ala told her.
Mal took Joyah’s arm. “We need to talk.”
Joyah allowed him to lead her off to one side. “What is it?”
“I just thought you should know something about those twins,” he told her softly. They watched Ala help Ruen pack a bag full of odd looking bottles. “Those sashes they’re wearing are a sign of full membership to an assassin’s guild.”
“Not the ones after us?” Joyah asked.
“No,” he answered. “They would have known about the jewel if they were part of the Assassins. The sashes aren’t the only signs. Many guild members are put in teams of two. One of them does the actual assassination and the other is the poisoner, the one who makes the concoctions for their partner. That’s probably why Ruen knew how to handle your poison.”
“They seem loyal to Starling,” Joyah observed. “And he’s not an assassin.”
“It’s possible they left their guild,” Mal said. “I just thought you might want to know.”
Joyah nodded. “It might be best to give Jeff and Gilla some time to get used to the three of them before we give them this news. Jeff doesn’t like Starling as it is and it seems Gilla isn’t going to get along well with Ala.”
“That might be best,” Mal agreed.
“So which way are you really headed?” Hasin asked as Joyah approached.
“We are actually going north to whatsitcalled town,” Joyah said. “From there I think Gilla’s picked out a trail that should take us to a village in the mountains.”
“I’m going to assume you have a way of knowing where something like that is,” he said.
After a moment’s hesitation Joyah called Gilla over. If he was going to be a part of their group he needed to know everything. She took Addri’s map out of Gilla’s pack and showed it to him.
“Addri, the friend we lost in the swamp, had this map. He said his family traveled all over collecting data so fine it included even the tiny mountain villages. We have to keep this map safe so someone with a photographic memory won’t be able to find us.”
Hasin surveyed the map.
“Impressive,” he said lightly. “Which village are you going for?”
Gilla pointed out a little black dot.
“I haven’t actually been in the mountains before, but I’m pretty sure I can get us there,” she said.
“In such good hands we’re bound to get there without a problem,” he said confidently.
Gilla grinned and rolled up the map to stick it back into her pack.
“We don’t have all day,” Jeff called. He was standing farther along the deer trail tapping his foot.
“Someone’s impatient,” Hasin said offhandedly. “It’s almost like he’s afraid of competition. I wonder why.”
Jeff scowled and turned bright red. Joyah decided it would be a good idea to keep Hasin away from both Jeff and Gilla so he’d stop flirting with her and stop driving him insane.
Joyah found herself walking beside Hasin. Gilla had taken the lead as usual and Jeff was keeping close to her.
“So, during the fight, why did you let me go for my sword by myself?” Joyah asked. “You don’t know me well enough to know that I can take care of myself.”
“It doesn’t take much to spot an experienced swordsman,” he said. “I could tell you were good from the strength in your body and the grace in which you move. No amateur has that much power and control. Plus,” he added with a small laugh, “you were giving me such a look that a grown tiger wouldn’t have stood in your way.”
“You have a nice sword,” Hasin said.
“Oh, I kind of stole it from the martial arts studio back at my village,” Joyah said, slightly embarrassed. “I was holding it when I ran out to save a girl from a flood and never really got around to putting it back.”
“You’re a full time heroine,” he said. “Saving the world and little girls on your spare time.”
Joyah shrugged. “I do what needs to be done. So where’d you get your sword?”
“It’s a family heirloom,” he said. “The design is typical of the Ho cha, emperor’s guard. It’s made so the blade doesn’t bend or break while battling larger blades.”
“I was wondering why it wasn’t shrapnel by now,” she commented. “You had a family member in the Ho cha?”
“Yes. How about you? Your family’s bound to be interesting if they raised you.”
Joyah gave a little smile while thinking about home.
“I’ve come to the decision that my family isn’t usual, even for villages. The various aunts, uncles, and cousins all seemed to disappear and reappear at different times. I’ve memorized most of the cousins, but everyone else is just random family.”
“Imagine what your family tree must look like,” Hasin said.
Joyah laughed. “I don’t think anyone was crazy enough to try to make one! I do know that there were five people who always were there with me. My Aunty and four of my cousins, Lily, Dan, Charlie, and Molly.”
“No brothers or sisters?”
“No, my cousins were close enough.”
They fell silent, but it was a nice silence. Joyah had managed to keep watch and hold a conversation at the same time. She felt pretty proud of that, even though it was a silly thing to feel proud of. It was nice talking with Hasin. He made her forget all the horror she’d gone through without distracting her from the task at hand. There was no way she was going to forget Addri, though. Nothing in her mind was going to replace him. She was going to avenge him by foiling the Assassin’s evil plan.
Night came quickly. It felt like only a few minutes before the afternoon was gone and it was too dark to keep going. Joyah and Mal started setting up the handmade tent. Hasin stopped to watch them. “You are full of surprises,” he said.
Joyah smirked. “You didn’t know about this trick? Finally something you don’t know how to do.”
He raised an eyebrow at her. “I did not know you used such biting words.”
“I probably get it from my Auntie,” Joyah said. “Come here and we’ll show you how to make one.”
Gilla came over just as they were finishing.
“I know these people are supposed to be part of your Journey so I have been trying my hardest to make friends with Ala,” she complained to Joyah. “But all she does is give me cold looks and ignore me. She’s driving me crazy!”
“I’m guessing you’re not the only one being driven crazy by your attempts,” Hasin commented.
She got in his face. “Look here, Starling! I’m putting in an effort to be civil and your friend there is the one shunning my attempts, so unless you want things to drastically change around here I’d suggest you watch your mouth!” She stormed away.
Joyah closed her eyes and pinched the bridge of her nose.
“Could you please try to not aggravate my friends?”
He leaned up against a tree next to her. “I would, but they make it so easy.”
Joyah rolled her eyes before going to collect wood for the fire.
Hasin followed her. “I don’t suppose you’re actually going to tell me what this ‘Journey’ thing is.”
Joyah blew some hair out of her face.
 “For my family when someone reaches around seventeen they find there’s something they must do. It could range from apprenticing to traveling across the country. My Journey is to take this jewel to the Sanctuary.”
“Dangerous Journey.”
“Yes, but I have to do it. I get these feelings that tell me what I need or should do. We call it my Journey sense.” She stopped and looked at him. “That’s why I told you everything. I know I need you to come with me.”
He bowed. “I’m honored.”
Joyah looked over across the campsite. “We’ve found that bad things tend to happen when we ignore my Journey sense. We have a rule that we don’t argue with it.” It’s probably the only reason Jeff, and most likely Gilla, aren’t mutinying, she thought. She mentally sighed. This is going to be a very long Journey.

Joyah woke up early the next morning. Mal was already awake and cooking some of the deer.
“Good morning,” she said as she walked up.
“There is no such thing as a good morning,” Mal said. “It’s an oxymoron.”
“And yet you always insist on being the first one up.”
“That doesn’t mean I have to like it. Besides, I’m not first up this time.”
Who’d get up earlier than Mal? Joyah scanned the sleeping forms until she figured out who was missing. Ala.
“Do you know where she is?” Joyah asked.
Mal shrugged. “She was gone when I woke up. Possibly she went scouting. If she did then she’s better at this than some girls I know.”
Gilla and Ruen woke up next. Not too long after that Ala came back.
“Scouting trip?” Joyah asked her.
Ala didn’t answer. Joyah hadn’t expected her to. The girl went over and kicked Hasin in the back before going over to sit with her brother.
Hasin rolled over before sitting up. “Do you really have to do that every morning?”
She didn’t answer him either, but it seemed as though she had. Joyah wondered how long they’d been traveling together to be able to communicate silently like that. Gilla walked over to where Jeff was sleeping and shook him awake.
“Hey, if I woke you up every morning by kicking you what would you do?”
“Probably yell at you,” Jeff grumbled sleepily. “Why?” Hasin leaned against a tree well away from the fire.
“Does she really always do that to wake you up?” Joyah asked him.
“Only when she thinks I’ve slept too long,” he answered.
“Who does what?” Jeff asked. Mal started handing out cooked meat.
“How long until we get to whatsitcalled town?” Joyah asked Gilla.
“I think we should get there shortly after noon,” she replied. “That’s if we don’t run into more obstacles, but honestly I’ve given up all hope of that.”
“Who hasn’t?” Jeff agreed.
They didn’t run into more obstacles on their way to the town. It was almost too good to be true. Even the rain had cleared up a bit. Joyah looked up once to find a bit of blue sky poking through the clouds. The sun shone through the break in beams. It warmed her hair and created patterns on the rain soaked loam from the leaves. For once there weren’t many shadows around that Assassins could be hiding in. She still didn’t let up her watch, though.
It was after noon when Gilla announced, “We should be arriving any minute now.”
Joyah shaded her eyes from the sun and looked at the sky.
“I can see the smoke from the cooking fires.”
“We shouldn’t spend too long there,” Mal warned. “Perhaps we send in one or two people to get supplies and a little information on the terrain. We don’t want to put any of these people in danger.”
“Gilla should be one of them,” Joyah said. “She’s the one who needs to know the terrain the most.” 
“I know the usual layouts of towns and such pretty well,” Jeff said. “I could go with her.” Joyah didn’t like the idea of being left behind, but he’d made a good point.
“Three people would be better than two,” Hasin said. “One can keep a look out for trouble while the other two are getting what’s needed.”
“Why, do you want to come?” Jeff asked harshly. Hasin didn’t seem to mind.
“Actually I was thinking more along the lines of Archie or Pain, but if you want I’d be fine with going myself.”
“Oh,” Jeff said.
“I think it’s a good idea,” Joyah said, glad for an excuse to go. “I’ll go along to watch your backs.”
“I think it should be just around this bend,” Gilla said. They started around the corner. “Ladies and gentlemen,” Gilla announced, “Whatsitcalled town!”
They stopped and stared.
Whatsitcalled town was dead.


Chapter 19
Lyre


The remains of burnt and blackened buildings, random belongings scattered across the roads, shops with their windows smashed and their contents looted, carts overturned and cattle slaughtered. That’s what they found. The wind whistling longingly through the broken streets was the only sound to be heard. Not even the forest animals stirred. Lumps drenched in blood were scattered about the streets.
“Spread out and search for survivors,” Joyah said softly. Silently they departed. Joyah picked her way alone along the main street. The people she passed were obviously dead. She didn’t want to look at them, see their dead eyes with their terror still plain on their faces, but she couldn’t help it. The buildings all looked too close to collapsing to enter safely. It didn’t matter anyway. She knew there would be nothing to find other than more death and tragedy.
She stopped by an intersection at the center of the town. Down the left street she saw Gilla. The other girl had taken a route through the homes. Joyah was glad she hadn’t gone there. The main street had mostly adults. She watched Gilla stop near a dog who had somehow escaped the slaughter. He looked up at her with sad eyes as he sat by his owner, loyal even when the little girl wasn’t there anymore. Gilla knelt and patted his head before picking up a doll the girl had dropped on the ground.
Gilla raised her head and saw Joyah watching her. Slowly she placed the doll back in the little girl’s arms and paced across the street to her. Jeff came up on Joyah’s other side.
“What happened here?” he asked. His voice seemed flat in the stillness.
Joyah shook her head softly. She couldn’t stop looking at the dead town around them.
Mal appeared around a corner and joined them.
“I don’t understand,” he said quietly. “This isn’t their way. They’d slit the throats of a family in the night, but never before have I heard of them destroying a whole town. It’s too obvious for them.”
“It appears things have changed since you left,” Jeff said. “There is no way a random group could have walked up and done this. Every town is supplied with a sheriff and a stable police force. This was planned by professionals.”
Hasin and the twins joined them. Hasin shook his head at her questioning look. Joyah closed her eyes and bowed her head. She hadn’t expected there to be survivors, but at least it had been a hope.
The sound of horses clattered in the silence. Joyah and her friends turned to look back down the ruin that was once the main street. Around a dozen people on white horses were riding into the town. As they got closer Joyah saw that they all wore identical white cloaks and carried identical shining swords. They stood out against the gloom of the broken town. On the chests of their horses was a code of arms of pure white wings with a background of silver.
The lead horse stopped just in front of Joyah. On it rode a girl a little older than Hasin. She had pale skin, blond hair, and hard blue eyes. Under her cloak she wore a white tunic with their symbol on the chest and a chain mail shirt. Joyah noticed the other riders wore identical uniforms.
“Who are you and what are you doing here?” the girl demanded.
“What happened here?” Joyah demanded back. “We were coming here for supplies for our journey through the mountains, but we found it destroyed. Everyone is dead.” She had to choke the last word out.
The girl’s eyes softened a bit. She slid down from her horse to stand in front of them.
“This town was supposed to be under our protection, but there were people here who betrayed us to that horrid guild of murderers. Because of them innocent people were killed.”
“Who are you?” Joyah asked.
“We are the Guild of Angels,” the girl said. “We have spies in most of the other guilds across the country, but I fear even that might not be enough to stop things like this from happening.”
“Another super guild?” Jeff asked.
The girl looked at him sharply. “How do you know of the Assassins?”
“We’ve been trying to stop them too,” Joyah said. Her hope was rising. Maybe they weren’t the only ones fighting! Maybe there really were other people who had the same drive and dreams they did. “We thought we were alone.”
The girl clapped Joyah on the shoulder.
“No one is ever alone. The Guild of Angels was formed to counter the Assassins in the race for the necklace. I assume you know of that.”
“The Connarist necklace,” Joyah said. “You could say we’ve heard about it.”
“I am Lieutenant Henna Lyre,” the girl said. “You have not told me who you are.”
“I’m Joyah Pain,” Joyah said. “This is Jeffery Raymond, Gilla Fletcher, Mallew Archibald, Hasin Starling, and Ala and Ruen.”
“Are you sure the Assassins did this?” Mal asked. “I was one of them once and this wasn’t their style.”
Henna had her sword under Mal’s chin before he could even finish his sentence.
“Hold on,” Joyah said, knocking Henna’s sword away. “Mal left the Assassins when he was young after he realized what they really were. He’s been in the race for the necklace before and he’s been a huge help to us this time.”
“No one leaves the Assassins and lives,” Henna said sharply.
“Mal did,” Joyah told her. “Lieutenant, I give you my word he’s on our side.”
After a hesitation Henna reluctantly sheathed her sword.
“You seem like an honorable girl, Miss Pain, so I shall hold my sword this time. Just know that if he betrays us we will have to hold you responsible. You must understand that traitors are what destroyed this town, so we cannot take any more chances.”
“I understand,” Joyah assured her. “And Mal won’t betray us.”
Henna remounted her horse. “We must go now. It is dangerous for us to stay in an area too long.”
We’ve learned that from experience, Joyah thought. She stepped forward.
“Wait, we can help you.”
Henna gave her a penetrating look. “You wish to join us.”
“At least I want to work with you. Our group hasn’t been fighting the Assassins long, but we’ve been pretty successful.”
Henna thought for a moment.
“We shall take you to a location to meet with my superiors. You may talk to them further about this.” Henna called one of her group. She gave him a message and he galloped off.
Joyah looked over her shoulder at her friends.
“You’re all okay with this, right? It’s not one of my Journey things and it’s happening rather suddenly, but-”
Gilla cut her off. “Joyah, we just found out we’re not the only ones! There aren’t just seven people against a super guild, there’s a whole other mega guild!”
“The odds aren’t stacked so high against us anymore,” Jeff agreed. “We want these people with us.”
Joyah looked at Hasin.
“If they can help us stop things like this from happening, then we’re there,” he told her quietly.
One of Henna’s group brought four extra horses forward.
“You may use these for the duration of our trip,” she told them. “My superiors will be waiting for us at a meeting point higher in the mountain.”
Joyah held back as her friends went to mount. She looked at the horses dubiously.
“What’s the matter?” Gilla called. She was already astride one of the large animals and looking as comfortable as if she was sitting on a bench. Jeff pulled himself up behind her, looking almost as comfortable. “Haven’t you ridden a horse before?”
Joyah looked back at the rest of the horses. She did not want to admit it, but she had absolutely no idea how to ride.
Hasin pulled his horse up in front of her. He held a hand down to help her up, grinning.
“Finally something you don’t know how to do.”
Joyah smirked up at him. “That was with making an odd little tent, this is riding a horse.”
“And somehow not knowing how to make a handmade tent, a trick pretty easy for people to figure out, is better than not knowing how to ride?” Joyah took his hand. He pulled her up to sit in front of him. “Besides,” he said quietly in her ear. “No one will know your lack of skill if you’re riding with me.”
Henna led the way out of the broken town. Joyah gripped the horses’ mane tightly as the big beast rocked to a trot. She was glad Hasin was behind her. Joyah kept her eyes straight ahead as they passed down Main Street one last time. She’d seen enough of the death and destruction. She didn’t need to see anymore. The sun still shone down warm from above. It seemed wrong that it was such a nice day when such tragedies happened. The day almost seem to mock the terror that the people of this town had undergone. The world would have been a better place if groups like the Assassins didn’t exist.
The horses started up a wide trail into the mountain. It was a meandering little road that went up slowly, most likely so wagons and horses could go up without the threat of sliding backwards. Joyah had the feeling that if they were to get to the little mountain village they’d be experiencing worse terrain later. They entered another forest where it was cooler and more shaded. At least the leaves blocked out the mocking sun. Joyah peered up higher on the mountain where the forest slowly changed to evergreens. She wondered when the forests stopped and the hard rock began.
The group stopped on an open overhang that overlooked far out into the Gorem forest. Hasin discretely helped Joyah down from the saddle. The feeling of his arm around her waist was reassuring and a little distracting. She kept catching herself enjoying the feeling. Still, she was glad when her feet finally touched the ground again. They’d only gone for a little while and already her butt was hurting. Joyah walked over to the edge of the overhang. Down below she could still see the fires and the blackened buildings of whatsitcalled town. She turned away. She’d experienced that first hand. She didn’t need the constant reminder of what was at stake here.
Joyah’s friends gathered around her as Henna approached. Jeff stood at her one side, Hasin on the other. Henna stopped before the half circle they had formed.
“My superiors should be here soon.” A soft horn sounded off the mountain side. The young Lieutenant turned to look over her shoulder. “There they are now.”
Out of the forest galloped five more horses. They stopped in front of Henna and dismounted. Immediately Henna and the rest of her group dropped to one knee.
“Rise,” the man in the lead of the group said. He swept past Henna to stand before the seven. “I am Commander Laurence. This is Captain Jones and Captain Twain. We received a message that you seven wished to form an alliance with the Guild of Angels.”
“We do,” Joyah said. “We’ve been fighting the Assassins for the past couple weeks. If we can form an alliance together then we’d have a better shot at taking them down. For so long we thought we were the only ones.”
“You must be Miss Pain,” the Commander said. “The message said you spoke for your group. I understand what you’re feeling. Normally we would allow you to train to become one of us, but you say you want an alliance instead. Pardon me but I’m afraid I must ask; how could six children and an older man help us? I have a whole establishment to worry about so I can’t make alliances with just anyone.”
Joyah’s hand hesitated beside her pocket. For a moment she didn’t want to take it out. People had betrayed her before. What if she was leading her friends into a trap? What if this group was just an offshoot of these Assassins, tricking people into giving them what they wanted? But if she didn’t they could lose a powerful ally. If she didn’t trust people then where would that get her?
Joyah pulled her hand out of her pocket but kept it closed. She drew herself up to her full height. She had to look strong without looking hostile or stuck up.
“I understand where you’re coming from,” she said. “It is only reasonable to be careful to protect your own. My group would be an asset to your guild because we were able to protect this for weeks.” She opened her hand.
Everyone gasped. Commander Laurence took a step back like he’d seen a ghost. Then the guild members pressed in closer, staring at the jewel like it was a miracle that could make their dreams come true.
“Is that…” the Commander began in awe.
“It is,” Joyah confirmed. “This is the jewel, a piece of the Connarist necklace. I found it. We’ve managed to bring it this far. We’re planning on getting it to the Sanctuary where it will be safe.”
They continued to stare at it in awe. Finally the Commander stood up straight again.
“This is more than we’ve ever hoped for. We have been working and fighting for so long. This guild has existed for hundreds of years and we haven’t done so much as found one of the clues for the location of one of the pieces or the Sanctuaries. And you say you found this?”
“Yes.”
“This needs the utmost protection possible,” he said. “We can take it from here. You don’t have to go any further or suffer any more. You can go home. We can have our best and bravest make sure it gets to where it needs to be.” He held out his hand to her.
For a moment Joyah wanted to give it to him. It would be so easy to just hand it over and go home. It wasn’t like she’d be throwing it away in the woods like she’d been tempted to do before. She’d be leaving it in the hands of a mega guild, one that had hundreds of years of experience doing this. They could take it the rest of the way and she could go home to her family. The Assassin’s attention would be distracted away from her and her friends when such an important piece fell into the hands of their rivals. It would be all over.
Joyah’s hand closed and went to her chest. “No.” The guildsmen seemed to break from their trance when the jewel disappeared from their sight. “This is my Journey and my duty. I’m taking it the rest of the way. But, we’d love to accept help in doing so.”
Commander Laurence studied her for a moment.
“But you are just a young girl. What could you possibly do that groups of highly trained and armed soldiers couldn’t do better?”
Joyah opened her mouth to answer, but before she could say anything Gilla snorted.
“You really don’t know her well enough. If you saw her fight you’d be telling a different story.”
“It is a mistake to judge someone before you know what they’re capable of,” Mal said. “Do not underestimate the wrong person.”
“We’ve brought it this far, haven’t we?” Jeff said. “The rest of the way is only a little farther.”
Commander Laurence raised his eyebrows at Joyah.
“Your friends speak highly of you.”
“They’re being a bit over-generous.”
“No they’re not,” Hasin put in.
“And you are…?” the Commander asked.
“Hasin Starling,” Hasin said. He stood tall and looked the Commander directly in the eyes. Joyah marveled at his ability to radiate confidence while still being respectful. “And I’ve only been with these people for a couple days, but already I know what they can do. Somehow a small group of highly skilled people have managed to find their way to each other and join together under one cause. I wouldn’t write them off just yet. You may find that they’re more effective than your soldiers.”
Laurence studied Hasin the same way he had studied Joyah a moment before. His eyes slid back to her. She watched him break past the wall of what he saw and begin to evaluate what was underneath.
“Very well,” he said. “I cannot give the final decision on this, this is a big enough matter that it must be left to my superiors, but in my opinion it might be a good idea to try leaving the jewel with you. I would like to invite you all to come back to our base as allies.”
Joyah looked over her shoulder at her friends. They all nodded.
“We would be honored.”
They remounted their horses and rode back out onto the road. Jeff pulled his horse up next to Henna’s.
“I’ve never heard the terms you use for ranks here before.”
“We use different terms than the Middle Kingdom’s military but basically the same structure,” Henna said. “We’re divided into multiple sections. The smallest groups are led by Lieutenants, which are kind of like the P'u li yen.”
“Oh, I know that,” Jeff said.
“It’s very similar,” Henna said. “Those sections are put into groups each under a captain, which is similar to a Mou k’o. Those sections are grouped under commanders, or Meng an, and then there are two generals, or Wan hu,”
“And then one chief general?” Jeff guessed.
“Actually we don’t have a Tu t’ung,” Henna said. “The mystics are in charge of the Guild of Angels.”
Joyah really started paying attention at this. “Did you just say mystics?”
Henna nodded. “We actually have quite a few mystics, but only five of them are in charge of the military.”
“That’s amazing!” Joyah started getting excited. Real mystics! She’d always dreamed of meeting one for real, but it had always been only a dream. She’d never thought it would ever happen! To listen to what they had to say about the forces of nature, philosophy, martial arts, and weaponry would be an honor. Did all mystics study those last two? It didn’t seem likely. How would one tell the difference? She didn’t want to walk up to a mystic and start talking about something they knew nothing about. That would be embarrassing!
After ten or fifteen minutes Commander Laurence led them off the road. The small, twisting trail they followed was obviously not used by the public. It was so thin they had to go single file. It was also much steeper and rockier, so much so that they had to dismount and lead the horses. Finally they encountered a small structure covered in moss, leaves, and branches so that it almost looked like part of the forest. Two more white cloaked people came out and took the horses from them.
Gilla peered through the doorway.
“It’s a stable,” she reported.
“We have to keep the horses in these stables since it’s too rocky for them to go any further,” Henna explained.
“Our actual stronghold is much farther up in the mountain,” Commander Laurence said. “We also have a scouting base not far from here where our scouts can stay while they’re on duty. We can stay there for the night if you wish before making the journey back to our main base tomorrow.”
Joyah looked to her friends for their opinions before answering since apparently she’d turned into the spokesperson for their group.
“That sounds fine.”
They had to walk for another five minutes before they reached the scouting base. The outside of the scouting base appeared to be much like the outside of the stable, only much larger. It was one building about as long as the town hall back in Jen’s town but only half as tall. A cloaked person stepped out from a group of trees to talk with the Commander as they approached. Joyah wasn’t surprised. After spending so much time looking for the Assassins she had seen the guy from way back. The guy dropped to one knee before the Commander before the group past him.
“You’re well organized,” Mal commented.
“After so much time we should be,” Laurence said over his shoulder.
Inside the base there were three rooms. The room they first entered into seemed to be a training area. Some soldiers were drilling there. What was with all the cloaks? No one had worn cloaks for at least over a century. Talk about out of fashion. To their right Joyah could see a room filled with mats. The room on their left had long tables for eating. The soldiers all stopped as the Commander entered and dropped to one knee.
“Commander,” they chorused in unison.
“As you were,” the Commander told them. They went back to training. “Lieutenant Lyre,” the Commander said. “Show our guests to the captain’s room. The captain can stay in the commander’s room tonight. Then send one of your men to the commander’s room in order to take a message. After that you may return to your duties.”
“Yes, Commander,” Henna said.
The Commander turned back to the seven.
“I apologize but I also have duties that I must attend to. You must excuse me.”
“We understand,” Joyah said. Commander Laurence departed.
“Right this way,” Henna told them.
They followed her into the dining room and through one of two doors on the left wall. It led into a space that Joyah had not seen from the outside due to the angle of the building. It was a small room with two mats and a low table.
“I’ll have some men bring in more mats,” Henna said. “If you need anything just ask one of the lieutenants.”
“How can we tell between the lieutenants and anyone else?” Jeff asked.
Henna showed him her right arm. There was a thin band of plain metal around her bicep.
“All officers have these. Captains have bronze, commanders have silver, and generals have gold. Feel free to wander the compound, though I wouldn’t suggest going into the woods. The posts won’t recognize you or let you back in.” Someone knocked on the door. It was a young man who bowed to Henna before talking to her quietly. She nodded and said something else. She turned back to the seven. “I apologize, but I’m needed somewhere else. I’ll send someone to tell you when dinner’s ready. As I said, if you need anything just ask someone with a steel band, they’ll be able to help you.” Henna left with the soldier.
“This is a nice setup,” Jeff commented. “They really have everything down.”
“I’m glad we have such an expert,” Hasin said wryly. Jeff scowled.
Gilla sat down on the low table. “I like it out here. It’s so rustic.”
“Except everything’s very militaristic,” Jeff said. “They seem very strict. I bet you don’t like that.”
“Which is why we’re only forming an alliance, not joining them,” Gilla said like it was obvious.
“Besides, we’d start down at the bottom of the ladder,” Joyah said. “I don’t intend to become a nobody on this adventure.”
Joyah cracked the door open a bit as her friends kept talking. She couldn’t see anything besides the rows of low tables from her viewpoint. She still couldn’t believe they were actually there. Just that morning they’d woken up believing that they were the country’s last hope, that they had to succeed or there would be no one to stop the Assassins. Now suddenly there she was inside an organization made a hundred years ago for that very purpose. If they failed there were still people to go on. There were still people willing to do what needed to be done to protect the innocent. It felt like the world had been lifted off her shoulders.
“If you want to go out, why don’t you?” Joyah looked up to see Hasin standing beside her.
“What makes you think I want to go out?”
“It’s what I would want to do if I was in charge.”
“I’m not in charge.”
“Uh-huh. They said we can wander. Why not?”
Joyah looked back at her friends. “Hey, I’m going to go out.” Mal nodded to her, but other than that no one seemed to hear her. Jeff and Gilla were both in the middle of a conversation. Quietly she slipped out the door.
No one was in the dining room except for two Angels washing dishes in the back corner. Joyah crossed to the entrance room. Around a dozen more Angels were training while a Lieutenant paced the ranks making corrections. Joyah kept to the back wall to stay out of their way as she made her way to the sleeping room. She noticed a pair of Angels practicing with katana. They weren’t bad, but they had a bad habit that was driving her crazy. She didn’t want to get in the way, though, so she continued by.
The sleeping room was completely empty. Joyah counted the number of mats. It seemed that the scouting base was prepared to hold thirty one soldiers. She paused before heading back out. If she remembered correctly then there were thirty men under one P'u li yen, or lieutenant.
“Hey,” she asked someone passing by. “Why are two captains, a commander, and a bunch of lieutenants doing here if this place is built for just a lieutenant and her men?”
“The problem with the town,” the guy told her. “It required more people and officers than normal. It’s too bad we were too late.”
On her way to the door outside Joyah passed the two katana wielders. That was it, there was no way she could walk by those two again.
“You’re doing it wrong,” she told them.
The person practicing attacking, a guy around Hasin’s age, stopped and stared at her.
“What?”
“Most katana are meant to be used with both hands, but yours is single handed like mine. You’re still gripping it like you would a two handed sword. Your grip needs to change like this.” She grabbed his hand and shifted his grip to the right position.
He yanked his hand away. “Who the Abyss are you?”
“Also, your attacks are predictable,” Joyah went on, ignoring him. “In a real fight your opponent would be able to anticipate your next move easily, which is bad for obvious reasons. So, your opponent was in a standard high block.” She looked at the girl he was fighting. She hurriedly got into the position. “You had just attacked with a downward cut.”
“But-”
Joyah gave him a hard look. He put his sword to the girl’s blade like she’d just blocked him.
“Now, instead of doing a standard attack try something different.” She called out the sequence of attacks as he did it. “You’re being too choppy,” she told him. “Try smoothing out your strokes a bit. Now try it again.”
At the end of the sequence the girl he was fighting stepped back and ran the back of her hand across her forehead. “How do you defend against that?”
Joyah stood next to the girl and showed her the blocking sequence. “You can anticipate your attacker’s next move by his body language, but you can’t rely totally on that in case he fakes you out.” She stepped back. They started practicing again. Joyah called out the next attack or block depending on who was doing worse at the time. Halfway through she called out, “Now switch.” Without missing a beat the two switched rolls, the girl stepping into attack while the boy backed off. Then she said, “Now try mixing it up.” As they went she started calling out moves less and less until she was basically just giving tips. “Watch your front foot, it’s too far forward. That blow was too hard, strength is good but you don’t want to overcommit. In a real fight it would have been better to just punch her in the nose, but that’s fine for now since you’re not actually trying to hurt each other.”
None of them had noticed a crowd forming around them until Henna’s voice rang out across the practice room.
“What’s going on here? Move aside. What’s this commotion?” The duo and Joyah stopped as the crowd separated and bowed. “What’s going on here?” the Lieutenant demanded.
“I was giving some pointers,” Joyah said. “These two are really good.”
“What are you all standing around for?” Henna demanded of the crowd. “Back to work, soldiers!” The crowd almost seemed to disappear. “You two, back to practicing.” The boy and girl immediately started up again.
Joyah followed Henna as she crossed the room. “Sorry, I didn’t mean to cause a scene.”
“It’s not your fault, these soldiers should know better than to become distracted.”
“So what do you people do on your free time?”
“We train.”
Joyah stopped and looked back across the room. “Like this?”
“Yes. It’s necessary if we are to achieve our goal.” Henna’s eyes blazed with ardent fire. “We are striving for a better future! We shall give our lives for the Guild of Angels and its cause! Great will be our glory when the guild of murderers lie smoking at our feet and the land is safe once more!”
“Right.”
Henna went back to surveying the troops. That had been rather melodramatic. At least these people were on the right side.
Joyah looked back over the soldiers. Her idea of fun was spending hours in the studio studying. These people weren’t studying or learning. They were drilling themselves until they broke. She couldn’t imagine living like that. Going out to spend hours scouting or fighting Assassins only to come back and drill themselves until dinner. Their whole lives were like living in the army. Joyah thought back to whatsitcalled town and Addri. She had been on her Journey for only a couple weeks and had seen horrors she hadn’t dreamed of before. These people had been living with it ever since they joined the guild, which itself had been dealing with such tragedies for a hundred years. What toll must that have taken on the organization and the people in it?
Joyah moved to go back to the room she and her friends had assigned when a Lieutenant blew a whistle. Simultaneously the soldiers hung their weapons on the racks on the walls and filed into the dining hall. That must have been the dinner call. Joyah joined the stream of people heading into the dining hall. There she slipped out of the line and found her friends. They were already kneeling by a table placed in the front left hand corner of the room.
Jeff passed her a plate with a piece of meat, bread, and a small salad on it.
“They had us come out early so we didn’t have to wait in line behind all of the soldiers,” he explained. Joyah knelt in the empty space beside Jeff. “Find anything interesting?” he asked.
“No,” she said. “Other than these people have no free time. They’re a full out military establishment.”
The Commander, the two captains, and the lieutenants joined them. Henna sat on Joyah’s other side. As they ate the lieutenants gave the commander reports. Joyah was glad to hear Henna report that the traitors in whatsitcalled town had all been caught. It was their fault all of those innocent people had died. After the reports they fell silent. Henna glanced at the dagger in Joyah’s belt.
“That is a fine weapon. Where did you get it?”
Joyah’s friends all stopped eating and looked at her. She drew Addri’s dagger slowly.
“It belonged to a friend of ours.”
“Where is he now?”
“He died in the swamp.”
Henna sobered. “I am sorry to hear that. Did he lose his life in the line of duty?”
“Yes, he died protecting the jewel.”
“That is good,” she said. “It is an honor to die for the cause. He has honored himself and his family.”
“Still, I think we all prefer to not die at all,” Jeff said.
Henna shrugged. “We shall all die eventually. Better to die for the cause than in an act of cowardice.”
“How about from old age?” Gilla asked.
Henna shook her head. “If they are going to die from old age then they are bound to die in a fight first, so if one does die of old age he must have been cowardly in his last days.” They all stared at her. Seeming to realize how she must sound, Henna set down her chop sticks and folded her hands before explaining. “In this guild we are born with the knowledge that our lives are committed to the cause. We have one destiny, and that is to become soldiers. If we do not spend our lives doing what we are committed to do then our lives were wasted and we dishonor ourselves and those who raised us, our family.”
Joyah thought about that. It was almost like what would happen if she gave up her Journey. It was her destiny to do it. Without it her life would be wasted. She’d never be complete. The same thing was true for these people. Their whole lives were dedicated to their cause. If they were to give up on their cause, even in the last days of their life, then they were incomplete. The main difference was that Joyah’s Journey would end. These people’s destinies would not.
“So how far away is the base?” Jeff asked.
“A three hour walk,” the Commander said. “If we leave tomorrow morning then we should be there before noon.”
“When will we be able to speak with your superiors?” Jeff asked.
“If our leaders wish to speak with you then they may summon you at any time,” Laurence told them. “They are very busy with many wondrous things. Often they do not have the time to do things directly. They must give orders through those of lower station.”
“You are led by mystics, yes?” Hasin asked.
“Yes,” the Commander confirmed. “Mystics who have spent many of their years unraveling the secrets of the universe.” Joyah frowned at her plate. If the mystics were as busy as he said then there was no way they were ever going to want to talk to her. Such an opportunity slipping by! Maybe when they summoned them (and Joyah would be very insulted if they weren’t summoned at all) she’d get a chance to start a conversation with one. Maybe when they found out how much she knew they would want her to come back. The idea might have just been a silly dream, but at least it was something.
Joyah felt eyes on her. She looked up to find Hasin looking at her. He smiled like he found her daydreaming amusing before turning away to flirt with one of the lieutenants.


Chapter 20
The Guild of Angels


A whistle blew. Joyah rolled over and rubbed her eyes. Blearily she exchanged looks with Jeff.
“Was that the breakfast whistle?” he asked.
She sat up and looked around. Her friends were all getting up slowly.
“Does anyone know how early it is?” she asked.
“Too early,” Mal said.
Joyah slipped into and buttoned up her vest. She put on her belt and boots and stood up to go out.
The soldiers were filing into the dining room for breakfast. Joyah crossed to the doorway to look out the entrance. The sun wasn’t even up yet. She went back into the dining room and got in line behind the soldiers. Her friends filed out one by one. Henna was already at the table, so Joyah sat down beside her.
“We’re going to have to get used to getting up earlier.”
After breakfast they gathered outside the main door. The Commander, the two captains, and the lieutenants joined them there.
“We will be escorting you to our main base,” Commander Laurence told them. “Lieutenant Allen will stay here so that Lieutenant Lyre may also join us. She’ll be your guide until the mystics make a decision.”
They took a trail behind the scouting base that led farther up the mountain. As they walked Joyah noticed that more of the trees were evergreen than before.  At times the trail went up a steeper point so they had to climb up the rocks. Joyah noticed Gilla peeking at Addri’s map as they went. How the girl managed to look at a map and walk at the same time was a mystery.
“What are you looking at?” she asked.
“I can’t find any of this on here,” Gilla told her quietly. “There are no scouting bases, strongholds, stables, or trails.”
“This is a secret group, remember?” Joyah reminded her. “They wouldn’t be marked on a map, not even this one.”
“It’s just so weird,” she said. “I’ve gotten used to finding everything on this, and yet there’s this big thing that’s left off of it.”
They arrived at a rock face a couple hours before noon. The seven stared up at it doubtfully. The top was hidden by thick pine trees.
“Just past those trees is our stronghold,” Henna announced. “We made it hard to get to so that no one would ever find it. So far no one has.”
“I wonder why,” Jeff said under his breath.
Henna started up first to show them where to put their hands and feet.
“There’s a specific way up,” she told them. “If you don’t know where it is then this cliff is basically impassible.”
 Joyah went after her, followed by Jeff and then Gilla. Joyah lost track of who was coming after that. Climbing the rock face was harder than she’d expected. She had to cling to small ledges, hanging feet above the rocky ground with gravity trying to rip her off. Not only that, but the rocks were slippery from the recent rain. Despite all this they managed to get up the face without anyone falling to their deaths. Gilla looked a little disgruntled that Henna was a better climber than she was.
When Joyah got past the thick pine trees she nearly gasped. The sight before her was beautiful. A huge white compound stood in the middle of a green, flower-dotted meadow. Great arches, domes, spires, and towers made the building look like something from a dream. Joyah had never seen so much marble. Statues, gardens, and fountains decorated the exterior and the courtyards. Children ran about the meadows and courtyards, playing with wooden swords and spears. A couple scholarly looking people sat on marble benches in the courtyards reading expensive looking books and writing on scrolls. Everyone she saw wore the same white cloaks. To the left of the giant compound a large, slow moving stream bubbling past some rocks. Bamboo pavilions and pathways ran across the stream with dragon flies buzzing around the people there.
Gilla came up to stand next to Joyah.
“Hey, did we fall and die and end up in heaven?”
Henna laughed. “This is our stronghold, the main base of the Guild of Angels.”
“You really took the angels thing to the next level,” Jeff said.
The Commander led them through the meadow. Everyone would stop and drop to one knee as they came up until they passed by, including the children. They went through a large archway and along the edge of a courtyard with a Koi pool in the center. Then they passed through another smaller arch into a marble hallway. There was no carpet on the floor or any decorations. Many arches scattered the walls, some of which were doors and some windows. So far Joyah had yet to see any glass or sliding doors. Everything was open.
“What do you do in the winter?” Jeff asked Henna.
“We bundle up,” she told him.
“Show our guests to their rooms,” the Commander ordered Henna. “Make sure they have everything they need. I must take a message to my superiors.”
Henna bowed her head as he, the two captains, and the lieutenants swept past her.  She led them through many passageways very similar to the one they had first entered. Finally she brought them to two rooms with actual sliding doors.
“These are yours for as long as you stay here. The girls are on the right and the boys on the left. You’ll be given time to settle in before the midday meal. I have been assigned to you, so if you need anything you may ask me or any of the servants.”
“Is there a color coded way to tell the servants from everyone else?” Gilla asked snidely.
“Yes,” Henna answered. “It’s called they’re not wearing cloaks.”
Joyah slid open the brightly colored door assigned to her and the other girls. Inside was a neat little room. There were three mats against the far wall. A small, waist height bamboo table stood under a small open arch window. There was a bookshelf against the left wall and a bamboo wardrobe against the right. She crossed to the window and looked out. The window overlooked the big stream with the bamboo pavilions scattered among walkways. They reminded her of smaller, more open versions of her martial arts studio without the weapons.
A loud thump came from the boy’s room. Joyah and Gilla looked at each other.
“They stuck Jeff and Hasin in the same room,” Joyah said.
“That’s going to be fun,” Gilla said.
“I’m going to go make sure Jeff didn’t start strangling him,” Joyah told her. She slipped out past Henna and knocked on the wall next to the boy’s door before opening it. “We heard a thump. No one’s dying in here, right?”
Jeff was standing beside a chair that had been tipped over. Hasin was leaning up against the wall near the window with his arms crossed. He was looking amused.
“We just got clumsy and tipped over a chair,” Hasin told her. “Glad you ladies are so worried.”
“Just make sure no one kills someone else,” she said before she stuck her tongue out at him and closed the door. A moment later Jeff followed her out.
“Are you going to wander around?”
“Yes.”
“Great, I’m going with you.”
They walked back down the hallway the way they had come. After some wrong turns and ending up in the wrong courtyards they found the big entrance archway out onto the meadow. It was just as they had last left it. Joyah spotted a group of children playing with wooden swords. She walked closer to them through the tall grass. The grass swished around her feet and the mud under them squished beneath her boots. Even here the abundant rain had soaked the ground until everything was covered in mud. She closed her eyes and breathed in the scent of the flowers. It was so peaceful here. It had been so long since she didn’t have to worry 24/7 about being ambushed.
“Look out,” Jeff said calmly. Joyah felt the wind of the sloppy attack a moment before it happened. She brushed the sword away with her elbow and flipped the girl over. She put her hands under the little girl’s back and carefully lowered her down so she landed on her feet. Immediately the little blond girl grabbed her wooden sword and leveled it at Joyah’s stomach.
“Halt, intruder!”
Joyah did her very best not to smile. The girl looked like she was barely older than seven. Joyah raised her hands.
“I’ve halted. I’m not an intruder, really.”
The little girl narrowed her eyes. “But you aren’t one of us. Are you a servant?”
“No, I’m here to make an alliance with your guild.”
The little girl gave her a suspicious look, but she lowered her sword. Joyah noticed that the other kids had formed a circle around them and were watching in anticipation.
“I see you want to be a soldier,” Joyah said. The little girl drew herself up proudly.
“I’m going to be the greatest soldier ever and follow in the footsteps of my noble sister!”
“Who’s your sister?”
“Lieutenant Henna Lyre, first of her class and youngest soldier to become an officer!” the little girl announced proudly.
Joyah raised her eyebrows. “I know your sister. She was the first person I met from your guild, and she’s been assigned to be our guide.”
The little girl got excited. “Really, she’s here?! And she’s been assigned to be a guide with a possible alliance?! What an honor!” She seemed to remember that she was supposed to be uptight and noble. “I mean, I had not yet been told of my sister’s arrival. My family is honored to have her in such a position.” Joyah grinned at Jeff. She was so cute!
“What’s your name?” Joyah asked.
“I’m Brenna Lyre,” the little girl told her. “And when I start training I’ll be first in my class too!”
“You’re definitely showing promise,” Joyah told her. “That was a pretty good attack you did.”
“But it didn’t work,” Brenna said glumly.
“That’s just because I have around eight years of experience on you,” Joyah assured her. “Don’t worry, when you finish your training I’ll bet you’ll be able to ambush me all you want.”
Brenna perked up at this. Then she looked abashed.
“Um, please don’t tell anyone I attacked our allies.”
Joyah laughed and resisted the urge to pat her on the head.
“Don’t worry, I won’t.”
“Hey!” one of the kids piped up. “You have a kat… kati… katan…”
“Katana?” Joyah asked. The little boy nodded.
“Like this!” He raised the wooden katana he was using.
“Like that one,” Joyah agreed. “Except that is a two handed and mine’s single.”
The boy looked at his little sword in surprise.
“Two handed?”
“Yes, you hold it like this.” She moved behind him and put her hands over his so he was in the right position. “Then you can move it like this.” She moved the sword through a few blocks.
“Ooh, show me how to move mine!” another kid yelled.
“And me!”
“Me!”
“Me!” The kids were suddenly surrounding Joyah waving their different swords in her face while Brenna looked at them disapprovingly.
“Alright, alright, hold on,” Joyah said. “One at a time. Some of you might want to go over to him, he actually knows more than me.” Joyah pointed at Jeff. He gave her a pained look before he was surrounded by yelling children.
The two of them showed every kid with a sword how to hold it. Between the two of them they also helped some kids with spears, quarterstaffs, and nunchucks. One little boy had a bow and a couple non-lethal arrows. The poor kid was crushed that neither teenagers knew how to use it until one of the other kids gave him a small wooden dagger.
Henna tracked them down while Joyah was giving instructions to the final kid.
“You cause commotion where ever you go,” Henna commented to Joyah, but she didn’t seem to be unhappy.
“We were just showing some of these children how to hold their weapons,” Joyah told her.
“Henna!” Brenna shouted. She threw herself at her sister. Instead of embracing her little sister Henna raised her eyebrows and put her hands on her hips. Brenna stopped mid throw. She dropped to one knee. “Lieutenant.” The other kids followed her lead. Henna smiled and held her arms out to her little sister. Brenna grinned, leaped to her feet, and gave her sister a big hug.
When Henna released her sister she turned to Joyah and Jeff.
“Lunch is going to be sent to your rooms soon. I also have a letter that I will present to your group after you are finished.” She leaned forward and looked at them with almost childish intensity and awe. “It’s from our mystics.”
Henna and Brenna led them back to their rooms. Joyah still found the whole place incredibly confusing, though she had the feeling Jeff already had the route between their rooms and the front entrance memorized.
“So how many people live here?” Joyah asked.
“I’m not sure,” Henna answered. “Our soldiers live here while they’re not on missions. That’s almost everyone besides the very young, parents, and mystics. Parents take time off from the army to raise their children here, though they are expected to keep their skills sharp. When their kids reach ten they start training and the parents go back to being soldiers.”
“So whole families live here?” Jeff asked.
Henna nodded. “That’s what I just said.”
Their friends were all slowly gathering in the girl’s room. Ruen, Hasin, and Mal were already there. Gilla arrived next, quickly followed by Ala. Ala went straight to her mat and sat down on it, looking like she’d seen a ghost.
“What’s wrong?” Gilla taunted. “Too many pretty things, joy, and white?” Ala glared at her.
Two servants brought their lunch. It was much finer than what they’d had back at the scouting base. They had roasted meat, fluffy buttered bread, and sweet potatoes. After the servants had cleared everything away Henna stood up and took out an envelope with a golden seal. She opened it and unfolded the golden lined letter inside. She cleared her throat and began to read:

To the seven keepers of the precious jewel,
 Hail to the most honorable seven. We hope this letter finds you well. You are summoned to the most wondrous Hall of Angels at precisely two o’ clock to present the precious jewel to the five Mystics of Angels and to discuss the terms of our alliance.

Sincerely,
Orion, Most Honorable Mystic
  
Henna carefully folded up the letter and slipped it back into its envelope. She put it on a silver tray that one of the servants was holding out, who then whisked it away.
“This is a huge honor,” Henna told them breathlessly. “To meet the five Mystics of Angels, our supreme leaders, and to receive the invitation from the Most Honorable Mystic himself! You must prepare! Oh dear, what in the world are you supposed to wear?”
Henna bustled about, fretting more than a mother hen. In the end they decided to wear their normal clothes, only the sets that were actually clean. This decision was reached mostly because Gilla down right refused to wear a dress. In the girls’ room they all brushed their hair and made sure they looked alright. Joyah swept her hair up into an elegant twist behind her head held together by the jeweled chopsticks Henna gave her. Gilla, after a long while of arguing, was finally convinced to put a green bow in her hair and to leave her hunting knives behind. Ala made absolutely no change and didn’t even register when Henna was practically yelling at her to do something a little more formal. She didn’t respond to threats either, which Henna greatly provided.
They met the guys in the hallway. They hadn’t changed clothes either, though they were all cleaner and had brushed their hair. Hasin looked at Joyah’s hair and raised his eyebrows. Joyah blushed and turned away. Why did he make her react that way? The last person who had was Addri, and there was no correlation between how she had felt about Addri and how she felt about Hasin. She still liked Addri, and she wasn’t going to let go of that just because someone came along who was cute, smart, brave, nice, dangerous, fun, great at fighting, didn’t hold her back, and covered up for her. He was cocky, coy, and self-assured, which was not attractive at all. Sure.
Henna, who had gotten out of her armor during the day, had shined it up and put it back on. Her long blond hair fell about her shoulders and made her really look like a warrior angel.
“Everyone ready? Follow me.” She led them down some hallways until they came to one that was bigger and grander than the others. It had designs cut out of the marble near the ceiling in the shapes of dragons and other mystical beings. White and gold banners hung on the walls. White and gold were the colors of mystics. Pillars led to a set of white stone doors.
They stopped outside the doors. Other people were going in. Mostly there were officers, but there were also a few normal soldiers and some families.
“We encourage parents to bring their kids to our meetings so that they can learn exactly what it is we do from a young age,” Henna explained.
Brenna, who had been walking with them, let go of her sister’s hand. “See you inside!” She ran off to join her friends.
“She’s going to be a leader one day,” Joyah said. “She already has a group that follows her every move.”
Henna smiled at her sister’s disappearing back. “She’ll make us proud.”
Once people stopped filing in Henna turned to the seven of them.
“When we go in I’ll be in the front. Once we get to the stairs we’ll all drop to one knee before the five Mystics of Angels. One of the generals will tell us to rise and speak. One of your group must be the spokesman for the rest. You’ll discuss the terms of arrangement for our alliance. Got it?”
They all nodded.
“It’s obvious who will speak for us,” Hasin said. He looked directly at Joyah. Jeff looked annoyed at Hasin making decisions, but he agreed. So did the rest of them. Joyah suddenly felt a little overwhelmed. She was supposed to make an alliance for all of her friends when she hadn’t ever spoken much in public before?!
Hasin must have noticed her freaking out, since he said, “What’s wrong, frightened?” He put his hand on her far shoulder so his arm went behind her back. He smiled his confident, amused smile down at her. “It’s exactly what you’ve been doing all along. Just like when we first met Lyre.” That was kind of true. She had been stepping up more since Addri died. Even before that she’d been the one who spoke the most. She’d even gotten mad in that little village when Deril had spoken to Mal more than her. Maybe she could do this.
Trumpets sounded in the hall.
“That’s our cue,” Henna said. She took her position in the front with Joyah on her right and Hasin on her left. Their friends fanned out behind them. Henna checked over her shoulder to make sure they were ready before striding forward, her white cloak billowing behind her, and pushing open the great doors.
The room beyond wasn’t as large as Joyah had expected, but it was still pretty big. Large decorated pillars lined a marble walkway to a platform at the end of the hall. Beyond the pillars was a good amount of space filled with a surprising amount of people. Joyah spotted Brenna and her group of friends. Behind the people on the walls were calligraphy pictures of mountains, trees, and rivers. These paintings were interspaced between arched windows that actually had glass.
The small group didn’t look around at the walls, though. They marched straight down the aisle to the platform. The major officers stood on the stairs at each side of the platform in increasing rank. At the back of the platform stood a bunch of people in white and gold robes whom Joyah assumed were lower mystics. Behind them hung a large silver banner with the white winged symbol of their guild. Five older people knelt in a semicircle on white cushions on the platform. There were three women and two men. They all looked very wise. The man in the center knelt on a gold cushion. Joyah guessed that he was Orion, the Most Honorable Mystic.
Almost in unison the eight of them dropped to one knee in front of the platform. Henna bowed her head. The rest of them followed suite.
“Hail, the Five Mystics of Angels,” she said. “I present the seven keepers of the most precious jewel.” The Most Honorable Mystic nodded.
“Rise and speak,” one of the generals said. They rose to their feet. Joyah stepped forward. She kept her chin high and her back straight even though she felt like her insides were shaking. She looked straight into the Most Honorable Mystic’s eyes. She hoped she looked respectful but not submissive. There was no way she was going to enter into this alliance less than an equal.
“Most Honorable Mystic, we wish to form an alliance with the Guild of Angels for greater success to keep the jewel of the Connarist necklace safe from the Assassins.”
For a moment the Most Honorable Mystic looked thrown off. Joyah guessed that he was used to the worshipping attitude that everyone else gave him. He collected himself quickly and said in a grand voice, “We have been informed of your request and the reasons you gave for the continuation of your group to carry the most precious jewel. The Commander that received you has given his opinion that we support you in your decision. What is it that you would require from this alliance?”
“We would receive the support of the Guild of Angels in the form of protection, transportation, and supplies,” she said.
“And what would the Guild of Angels receive in return?” he asked.
“One less piece to worry about,” she said.
“We have yet to see the proof that you do in fact have the precious jewel,” one of the women said. She had gray hair pulled back into a tight bun, a pointed nose, sharp eagle-like eyes, and thin rimmed glasses. “Let us see your proof.” Commander Laurence wheeled a glass case with a red velvet cushion inside to the center of the platform in front of them.
“Bring forth the most precious jewel before the Five Mystics of Angels,” intoned one of the generals.
Joyah took the jewel from her pocket. The room gasped. She climbed the three stairs and approached the case. She laid the jewel on the cushion and closed the lid. The mystics leaned forward. The woman adjusted her glasses.
“Behold, the most precious jewel.”
“Behold,” the room intoned. Joyah backed down the steps.
“We will not give the jewel to your guild, but we shall ally ourselves with you to increase the chance of success against the Assassins.”
“We accept,” the woman said immediately.
The Most Honorable Mystic glared at her. “May the mystics cast their vote.” All of the five raised their right hand. The Most Honorable Mystic nodded. “We accept.”
Joyah had to keep herself from grinning. They’d done it! She’d done it! They had allies!
“Now, down to business,” the Most Honorable Mystic said. “Generals, report on the conditions of the route into the mountains.”
Joyah blinked. “How did you know the Sanctuary was in the mountains?”
The Most Honorable Mystic gave her a cool look.
“We are the Five Mystics of Angles. Do you think we got to our position by sitting around all daydreaming?”
Joyah turned red. She’d just majorly put her foot in her mouth. If a couple teens could figure out where they might learn of the Sanctuary then mystics could.
“I intended no disrespect,” Joyah apologized. “I spoke without thinking.”
The Most Honorable Mystic nodded before turning back to the Generals.
“Report.”
One of the Generals stepped forward.
“The route is blocked, impassable. The rain has turned it into a river and trees and other debris have fallen over the trail. The Generals suggest that we send scouting parties out to find new ways.”
“What trail were you taking?” Gilla asked. The whole room turned and stared at her. Joyah glared at her small friend. Henna had told them that only one could speak, and from the look of things it was considered impolite to just barge into the conversation. Gilla didn’t seem to care. She just looked directly at the Most Honorable Mystic waiting for her answer. Joyah groaned inwardly. Of all her friends, it had to be Gilla who cut in. She didn’t think Gilla even knew what the word respect meant. “Well?” Gilla demanded.
Joyah recognized the major unease of her Journey sense forming in her stomach, but she didn’t need it to know that if she didn’t do something things would turn ugly. She mouthed shut up furiously at Gilla before turning back to the mystics.
“I beg your pardon for my friend. We are not used to the way things are done here. She seems to have forgotten the rules.”
To her surprise the five weren’t even looking at Gilla anymore. They were all staring at her.
“Just then there was a strong energy flowing around you,” the Most Honorable Mystic told her. “Are you a scholar of the ancient art?”
“Yes,” Joyah said. “Though that wasn’t me. It was my Journey sense.” The other four mystics leaned forward eagerly. The Most Honorable Mystic managed to keep looking detached.
“What is this ‘Journey sense’?” he asked. “We have spent our lives studying and have not heard of such a thing.”
“It’s a family thing,” Joyah said. “It happens without our control, but I have also studied the works of ancient mystics. I’ve been teaching myself how to focus to reach perfect balance.” The mystics in the background looked impressed.
“Show us,” he ordered.
This was amazing! Joyah couldn’t believe it was really happening. She was about to step forward eagerly when she heard Hasin clear his throat softly.
“Now’s not the time,” he said quietly so only she could hear.
Joyah stopped. That was right. As much as she wanted to talk with the mystics they had a mission to do.
“With all due respect I will have to decline,” Joyah said politely. The Most Honorable Mystic and everyone else in the room stared at her. She didn’t think anyone had dared disobey him before. “I would be honored to demonstrate for the Five Mystics of Angels at a later time, but for now we are in the middle of a more important matter,” she hurriedly explained. The room waited with bated breath. Finally he nodded. The tension dropped.
“I believe we were talking about the route into the mountains,” Joyah said, getting the conversation back on track.
Gilla hissed at her, “Hey, I want to talk!” Joyah had to think for a moment. She had to get them to allow Gilla some floor time without insulting them.
“Gilla Fletcher, our Foresting expert, wishes to speak in order to discuss our route to the Sanctuary as allies.” Joyah said carefully. She was pretty pleased with that statement. She just hoped it would do the trick. The Most Honorable Mystic nodded to the speaking General.
“The Five acknowledge Miss Gilla Fletcher.”
Gilla stepped up next to Joyah.
“So, what route were you planning on taking? ‘Cause I picked one out off a map that looked pretty good.”
Joyah was wincing inwardly. Gilla’s manner was so far from respectful it was almost painful. The General gestured to Commander Laurence, who took out a large map and spread it on the floor before the platform. The two Generals stepped up to the edge of the map.
“Here is the mountain,” he began, pointing with his toe. Gilla cut him off.
“Well I know that. I’d be a poor forester if I couldn’t read a simple map!” She walked over next to one of the Generals so her arm could reach the mountain. She squatted down and drew a path up the side with her finger. “This is what we were going to go up.”
The General scoffed. “There is no way up in that area.”
“Uh, yes there is,” she said. “I just traced it. We had a map that showed little pathways like that.”
“Where is this map?” he asked, interested. Gilla paused.
“It belonged to a friend. He had it when we lost him in the swamp.”
Joyah looked at Gilla sharply. What she had said was true, but she had made it sound like they’d left it behind.
Gilla turned back to the map. “My trail was pretty easy to get up compared to some of the others. Is it still open?”
“It’s in a flooded area,” he told her stiffly. “We could send out some scouts, but-”
“That’s a good idea,” Gilla interrupted. “So was your path also in the flooded area?”
“Yes,” he said.
Joyah was wondering if it was possible to make and lose an alliance in the same day.
The General traced a path near Gilla’s with his toe. “As you can see-”
“It wouldn’t have worked anyway,” Gilla interrupted again. “See up there? That area is too steep for armored men to get up.” The General looked furious. His voice was very tight.
“And what would you suggest a better path would be?”
Gilla studied the map. “Why didn’t you pick this route instead? It’s similar to the other one only less steep.”
The General had triumph in his eyes when he answered. “That is an area full of falling rocks. It would be too dangerous to bypass.”
Gilla cocked her head. “How can you tell? Other than having rocks fall on your head I mean.”
He squatted next to her and pointed out some characteristics. Gilla narrowed her eyes.
“That kind of thing is all over the place.”
“The trick is to find a way that has only small places like this,” he explained. Joyah noticed that his voice was starting to sound less demeaning.
“So, somewhere like this would be better,” she said.
“Except that way has brambles at the bottom that are too thick to pass,” he said. He circled the area with his finger.
“That would be easy enough to bypass,” Gill said. “Just start in the gorge and pick up the trail where they meet here.”
“I never thought of that before!” he exclaimed, sounding excited. The other general crossed to their side and the three of them started debating eagerly.
Finally the Most Honorable Mystic cleared his throat. Immediately the two generals fell silent and sprang to their feet.
“Set up another time with Miss Fletcher for this discussion after the meeting,” he ordered. “After the routes are set you may send out scouting parties up them.” Looking disappointed, the two Generals stepped back into their places while Laurence rolled back up the map. Gilla stood up and went back to stand next to Joyah. She heard her mumble, “Party pooper.”
“When they send the scouts up the trail I would like to go with them,” Joyah said. The Five raised their eyebrows.
Jeff whispered to her, “People in high station usually don’t go on things like simple scouting trips.”
“I’m not in high station,” she whispered back.
“It seems to them like you are,” he told her.
“If it is your wish to join the parties then you may,” the Most Honorable Mystic said. “The Generals may discuss this topic with you.”
Joyah briefly wondered if the mystics ever made any real decisions. Then she brushed the idea away. Of course the mystics made real decisions! It was considered beneath them here to do things like organize scouting and finding paths. They had a whole organization to run.
“Are there any other topics that must be discussed at the present time?” he asked the hall. When no one said anything he announced, “You are dismissed.” The people near the walls turned to file out of the hall. Jeff stepped forward and pinched Joyah’s arm.
“Ask them what we’re going to do with the jewel.”
Joyah turned back to the mystics. “What shall be done with the jewel during our stay here?”
The motion in the hall stopped as everyone turned to listen. Into the silence the Most Honorable Mystic said, “With your permission the Guild of Angels will safe keep it until the time when you are ready to take it up the mountain.”
“But it still belongs to us,” Joyah said.
“Yes,” he agreed.
Joyah took a look at the gem glowing in its case. She’d been carrying it for so long. Could she really just leave it here and let someone else protect it for a while? If they were going to be allies she had to start trusting them.
“Okay.”
Outside, the hall was crowded from people trying to get out of one door very quickly. The Generals appeared on either side of Gilla and whisked her away to set up a time for a meeting among the officers.
“I think someone’s made some new friends,” Jeff commented.
Joyah snaked through the crowd until she found the three of them again. She smiled at the two Generals.
“I’m sorry, but I’m afraid we need to borrow Gilla for a while.”
They nodded. “We’ve already set up a time for an officer meeting today,” the speaking General told her. “You and the rest of your group are invited to come so we may set up the scouting parties.”
Joyah nodded. “We’ll be there.”  She clasped one hand around one of Gilla’s biceps, making her wince. She dragged the smaller girl back through the crowd and met the rest of their friends in a deserted hallway.
“Let go of my arm, you’re hurting me!” Gilla demanded.
Joyah rounded on her. “Why didn’t you tell them about Addri’s map?!”
“I did,” Gilla said. “I just left out that little detail that we still have it.”
“Why?!” Joyah demanded. Gilla shrugged, looking a little more subdued.
“I don’t know, really. I was going to tell them, but then I just stopped.”
“Gilla, allied forces don’t keep information as important as this from each other,” Jeff said. “Especially with people as uptight as this. If they find out that you deliberately misled them then they’ll react badly.”
“It’s too late now,” she said. “We’re going to have to keep it hidden.” Joyah rubbed her temples. First day and already something was going wrong. They couldn’t afford to screw this up.
“Don’t worry,” Hasin said casually. “Other than one little mistake that went wonderfully.” He smiled at Joyah and Gilla. “You two played that perfectly.” Joyah ran a hand through her hair.
“I had no idea what I was doing!”
“And you still did it well,” he said. “Imagine what you can do once you get more practice.”
“I really messed things up,” Gilla said glumly.
Before Jeff could say anything Hasin said, “The Generals didn’t seem to think so. They snatched you up after the meeting pretty quickly.” Gilla grinned.
“You think they liked me?”
“Of course, who wouldn’t?”
Jeff opened his mouth angrily to say something, but Hasin cut him off.
“You don’t think she was good?”
Gilla glared at Jeff. Jeff tried to backtrack really fast.
“No, it’s not that!”
“Then what is it?” Gilla demanded, getting in his face. “What were you about to say?”
“N-nothing important! I, uh, I agree with Starling.”
“Good!”
Jeff glared at Hasin once Gilla’s back was turned. Hasin just smiled.
Henna walked down the hallway to them.
“There you are. I’ve been looking everywhere for you! I was just officially assigned by the mystics as your guide as long as our alliance stands.”
“Good,” Jeff said, glad for a change in subject. “You’re the only one we know here.”
Henna led them back down the twisting hallways until they arrived back outside their rooms. Joyah noticed Jeff concentrating on something.
“What are you doing?”
“I’m memorizing the way,” he said. Gilla looked at them over her shoulder.
“You’ve figured out how to move around here already?”
“Well, anywhere we’ve been. Haven’t you?”
Gilla looked away, grumbling.
“Not so easy to navigate indoors, is it?” Joyah teased. Gilla glared at them.
“I have better forestry than any of you!”
“Why are you looking at me like that?” Jeff said. “I didn’t say anything!”
“I find your tendency for insults odd,” Henna said.
“People don’t fight here?” Jeff asked.
“People fight,” Henna said. “But once a bad comment is made the target usually challenges him to a duel.”
“If Gilla challenged everyone she was angry with to a duel we’d be stuck in one place forever,” Joyah commented. Gilla opened her mouth angrily to reply, but Jeff was already talking.
“That sounds a bit extreme.”
Henna shrugged. “An insult is taken for a challenge. If the insulted does not take up the challenge then he is seen as a coward.”
That makes sense, Joyah thought. She wasn’t sure that she’d do any different.
“When we make fun of each other it’s just friendly teasing,” Joyah explained. “It isn’t like we’re actually trying to hurt each other.”
“That is part of what makes it so strange,” Henna said thoughtfully. “I’ve never encountered it before.”
“So we’re in a militaristic society that bases its whole culture on fighting, honor, and destiny,” Gilla said. “You fit right in, Joyah.” Joyah wasn’t sure whether she had just been insulted or not.
Gilla opened the girl’s room door and walked in.
“Do you have an archery range around here?” she asked Henna over her shoulder.
“Of course,” Henna said. “I could take you there if you like.”
“Definitely,” Gilla said, grinning. She picked up her bow and followed Henna out of the room. They could hear her voice drifting away down the hall. “So how good are you archers here…?”
“You know,” Jeff said. “Apart from the crazy intense part it’s rather nice here.”
“You ever heard of the word understatement?” Hasin asked with his usual cockiness. Jeff glared at him.
Joyah crossed to the window and looked out across the little river. A dark haired woman in a kimono of white and gold, a mystic, was sitting in one of the red pavilions. She was reading a scroll. A tree with pink blossoms made a beautiful backdrop, and the sun glinted off the diamonds on the sticks in her bun. The scene was picturesque. Joyah sighed softly through her nose and leaned her elbows on the windowsill. She agreed with Hasin, it was an understatement to call this place nice. There were so many people to practice with and so many peaceful places to study. There was even more, though. There were families, children, laughter, playing, joy. It felt almost like home.
Hasin wandered over and stood at her elbow.
“I bet we could find our way out there if you want,” he said.
“This place is basically a giant maze,” she told him. “We’re more likely to get lost then make it there.”
“Maybe if you have that attitude,” he said, leaning his elbow on the wall next to her. “I thought you were a girl who liked adventure.”
Jeff made a disgusted sound. “I’m going to find Gilla.” He walked off in the direction Gilla and Henna had gone.
Joyah held Hasin’s gaze with a small smile for a moment. Then she jumped out the window.
“I was talking about a door,” Hasin said.
She turned back to the window with her hands on her hips and an eyebrow raised.
“I thought you wanted adventure.”
He returned the raised eyebrow before chuckling and jumping out the window after her. He did it as easily as she did even though he was taller than her. Joyah walked over to the edge of the water. Once she pushed away the cattails she could see the little shallow pools near the edge where koi fish swam. They stared up at her before swimming away as if to say, “What the abyss do you think you’re doing?”
“Are you planning on wading to a pavilion as well?” Hasin asked.
Joyah returned the cattails to their original position and turned back.
“No, I think the window is the end of my unconventional methods.”
They walked together to the nearest walkway and stepped out above the water. The still ponds continued out for a bit before changing into the moving water of the river. The water bubbled cheerfully over the smooth stones. Somehow it had managed to avoid the floods that the other rivers had experienced and was staying at a peaceful height and speed. The first pavilion they came to was small compared to the others. It was about half the size of her martial arts studio back home. Joyah walked over to a tiny hut on the far railing and peered through the bars. A little black cricket chirped inside.
“Aunty says crickets bring good luck.”
“What are you two doing here?” The voice came from a larger pavilion off to their right. Joyah straightened and faced her challenger. It was the black haired woman she’d seen before. Upon seeing her face the woman stopped herself. “Oh, I did not know it was you. My apologies. It’s just that this place is reserved for the mystics. It’s so we can have a peaceful place to study. I believe you said that you have studied the ancient art?” Joyah nodded. “Then you are welcomed here,” she said. She turned a critical gaze to Hasin. “And you?” Joyah became worried Hasin would be sent away. She’d been enjoying the evening so much and now this woman was ruining it!
“I have also studied the works of ancient mystics,” he assured the woman.
Joyah turned to him in surprise. “You have?”
“Then you are welcome here as well,” the woman said in a kinder tone. “Please, come join me.” She went back to the pavilion and sat down on one of the benches along the wall.
“Why didn’t you tell me?” Joyah demanded as they walked over to join her.
Hasin shrugged, unconcerned. “You didn’t ask.”
They sat on either side of the woman.
“I don’t believe we have been formally introduced,” Hasin said.
“Oh, my apologies,” she said. “I am Lia, second level mystic of the Guild of Angels.”
“I’m Hasin Starling, and of course you know Joyah Pain.”
“What are you reading?” Joyah asked.
Lia held out the scroll farther so both of them could see.
“This was written around a hundred and fifty years ago by a famous mystic named Cho Ming.”
Joyah squinted at the ink. It looked similar to what Aunty had taught her but not close enough to understand.
“I can’t read it.”
Lia looked shocked. “Surely you can read?!”
“Of course. I read common and Ancient, but not this.”
“This is the Ancient language,” the woman said. She held it out to Hasin.
He peered at it. “I can read it.”
“Are you sure you learned it right?” Lia asked.
Joyah was starting to get annoyed. She hated feeling stupid, and she could tell that this woman was slowly losing respect for her. At least it didn’t seem like Hasin was.
“I’m sure I learned it right,” Joyah snapped. “My Aunty taught me to speak and read it, and she’s the healer of my village. She said healers all know it so they can read the ancient scrolls of healers past.” She paused when a thought came to her. “My friends told me that I speak in the Olden Language. Maybe written down it’s different enough that I can’t read the Ancient language.” She felt a little stupid for not thinking of that right away, but it had been a week, a death, and about a thousand battles ago.
Lia sat forward suddenly. She grabbed Joyah’s wrist.
“You speak the Olden Tongue? That is a forgotten language dating back long before our first empress!”
Joyah yanked her wrist out of the Lia’s grip. She didn’t like people grabbing her.
“My friends think it might be.”
“Say something,” Hasin suggested. “Lia might be able to tell whether you learned Olden or not.” Joyah shrugged her shoulders in frustration. What in the world was she supposed to say?!
“The sky is blue, grass is green, it looks like it will rain soon, again, this place is pretty, I…” she trailed off as Lia’s face turned white. The woman put her hand over her mouth.
“I take that as a yes,” Hasin said. Lia put her hand on Joyah’s shoulder.
“You,” she stammered. “You are a very strange girl. You say your aunt taught you this? Where in the world did your aunt learn such an ancient language?” Joyah shrugged.
“She never said. I always thought it was the normal special language, not some olden one. Do you speak it?”
Lia shook her head. She still looked in shock.
“I have never heard of a person in over a hundred years knowing it. If anyone would it would be the Five Mystics of Angels. They are wise beyond any other.”
“I’ll have to ask them next time I see them,” Joyah said. Lia looked almost as shocked at this as she had on her discovery of Joyah’s odd education. Hasin chuckled.
“I don’t think people around here talk about seeing the Five Mystics of Angels so casually, Pain.”
A dragon fly landed on the scroll. Lia held very still so not to scare it. Joyah gazed at its multicolored wings.
“Everything is so beautiful here.”
“Of course,” Lia said quietly so the dragon fly wouldn’t fly away. “Our founders made it to be a sanctuary in a broken world. A place for learning and study.” She held out her finger slowly towards the dragon fly as a place for it to perch. “You, little one, are said to be the spirit of a deceased dragon reincarnated into another form.”
The dragon fly spooked and flew up into the air. To Joyah’s surprise it landed again on her shoulder. She felt almost like it was staring at her. Then it zipped away.
Hasin smiled and raised an eyebrow at her. 
“It seems you are liked by the dragon spirits.”
“So how was an organization created for both learning and countering the Assassins?” Joyah asked. “It’s a bit of an odd combination.”
“At first our guild was only a group of mystics focused on study,” Lia said. “They discovered a text about the Connarist necklace. Some of them went out to learn more of it, but the Assassins slaughtered them. That was when our military side was created, to stop the Assassins.”
They talked with Lia for a while. Before Joyah knew it Jeff was walking up the walkway towards them.
“It’s time for the officer meeting,” he told them when he got close enough. “Henna sent me to find you.”
“Do you also practice the ancient art?” Lia asked.
Jeff shook his head. “No.”
Lia stood up and stared down her nose at him.
“Then I am sorry but you are not allowed out here. It is reserved for mystics and scholars.”
“Uh…” Jeff looked to Joyah.
She and Hasin stood up and went over to him. “Come on, let’s go.” She looked over her shoulder at Lia. “It was nice talking with you.” Lia looked a little miffed at the hurried and informal good bye. Joyah would have been a little more respectful, but she didn’t really like the way the woman had talked to Jeff. It was rough. She respected the woman, but then Lia would go and do something like that.
“Your friends are still missing,” Jeff told Hasin once they got back to land. “Mal thought you’d have better luck finding them than us.”
“Most likely,” Hasin said. “They’re too hard to find for ordinary people.”
Jeff glared at his back as he walked off. “He drives me crazy.”
“Maybe if you were a little friendlier he’d be nicer back,” Joyah said.
“I’ll be friendlier when he stops making jabs at me,” Jeff snapped. Joyah let the subject drop.
After a moment of silence Jeff said, “I’d hate to admit it, but watching him fight’s a bit like watching you.”
Joyah blinked at him. “Really?”
“Yeah. You use the same style, and you have the same power and grace in your strokes.”
Joyah cocked her head as she stared thoughtfully in the direction Hasin had gone.
“I wonder if we ever got into a fight who would win.”
“You would,” Jeff said automatically.
Joyah raised an eyebrow at him. “Is that in your professional opinion or your biased friend opinion?” Jeff made some grumbling noises.
Jeff led Joyah through the twisting passageways to their rooms. She did her best to memorize the way so she could make it back out without having to jump through the window, but it was hard. Everyone but the trio were already gathered in the boy’s room.
Henna got in Joyah’s face as soon as they walked through the door.
“Where are those three?!”
Joyah raised her hands. “I don’t know! Hasin went to find the twins!”
“I have never been late to an officer meeting and it’ll look bad if I do now!” Henna cried, throwing her hands up in the air and stomping to the window. “Especially as your guide. I’m supposed to make sure you get to where you need to be when you need to be there.”
“Then we should be heading out,” Hasin said, making Jeff jump. He was standing just behind them leaning on the door frame. The twins were flanking him as always.
“Finally,” Gilla said. She was leaning on the wall next to the window. “Henna’s been driving us crazy. Where did you two go?” Ala and Ruen gave her cold looks.
“It doesn’t matter,” Henna said. She brushed past Hasin and stalked out into the hallway. “Come with me.”
They followed her back in the direction of the Hall of Angels. Before they got there Henna took a left down another finely decorated corridor. She marched up to a bronze door. She stopped and looked back at them.
“You don’t need a designated speaker here. Just, don’t blurt things out all at once, okay?” Henna turned back to the door and pushed it open.
Inside was a medium sized room. Most of the room was taken up by a large rectangular table covered in a very large map. Draperies hung on the walls behind each group of people gathered around the table. On either side at the closest end gray fabric was draped behind the groups of lieutenants, farther up bronze was behind the captains, off to the right of the far end the commanders stood in front of silver, and at the head of the table the generals stood in front of gold. Off to their left was draped a red fabric.
Henna led them past the officers until they came to stand in front of the red drapery. She turned to go back to the gray drape, but a captain gestured with his head for her to stay. Joyah saw Henna glance at a clock above the door.
“Right on time,” she sighed under her breath. Commander Laurence also looked at the clock.
“The officers’ meeting shall now commence.”
One of the generals nodded to Joyah’s group.
“Welcome. We are honored to have you join us here.”
Joyah nodded back. “It is we who are honored.”
“Nice touch,” she caught Jeff mutter.
The general leaned his hands on the table as he surveyed the map. “Down to business. We must find new routes up into the mountains.” Gilla stepped up to take Hasin’s place next to Joyah. “We’ve marked down the route you suggested during the meeting with the Five Mystics of Angels,” he told her. “We also have marked out three more routes that we had kept in reserve in case our original route failed.”
Gilla leaned over the table to get a better look.
“Well that one there won’t work. The ending brings us too far from our destination.”
“But it also takes us past one of our outer posts,” the other general pointed out. “It would be easier for our men to take a break before continuing up.”
Gilla shook her head. “Then we’d have to climb down somewhere to get there, and it’s all too steep for armored men to get down. It would be better for them to cross over here instead of going by the post.”
“But there is no trail there.”
“Oh, there is, trust me.”
Joyah managed to follow their conversation as they picked out three new trails to take up the mountain. Eventually she found herself beginning to understand their reasoning behind taking a route or finding another one. Then she saw something she didn’t quite get.
“Hey,” she said. “How come there are all these lines lower down on the mountain but once we get past a certain point it stops.”
The conversation stopped as they all looked at her.
“Those lines represent the change in elevation,” one of the generals told her. “No one really knows what the elevation is in that area. We barely have enough information to have a vague idea of what our trails will be like once we get up there.”
“Then how do we know these routes will even work?” Joyah asked. “Gilla has vetoed a lot of these trails based on the incline. Once we get up there the terrain could become impassible like the way up into your fortress. Unless you’re sure that the entrance to this place is the only cliff face with only one way up.”
The generals looked at each other. “No, we are not.”
Gilla leaned her elbows on the table.
“You’re right, we don’t know whether or not this will work.”
“We will just have to look up as high into the mountain as we can while our parties are scouting the trails,” a general said. “The scouts will have to add into their report how passible their trail looks higher up in the mountain.”
Joyah nodded. Or her group could just look at Addri’s map when they got some time by themselves. But then they’d need some excuse for suddenly pushing for one trail or another. She needed to talk to Gilla about this.
“Which brings us to the next matter of business,” the general said. He looked to Joyah. “Do you still wish to be one of the scouting parties?”
“Definitely,” Jeff said before she could answer.
“Then if it is alright with you I shall assign Lieutenant Lyre as the last member of your party,” he said.
Joyah smiled at Henna. “Of course.”
“Lieutenant Lyre, you shall be expected to give us a full report.”
“Understood,” Henna said.
Gilla leaned across the table so her short arm could reach the trail she wanted. “We can take this one.” It was the trail Gilla had changed during the meeting with the mystics. The one that started in the gorge to avoid the brambles.
“Very well,” he agreed. “Lieutenant Oliver.” One of the lieutenants, a woman in her higher twenties, snapped to attention. “You shall divide your men into six groups to go up the remaining trails. They will give their findings to you. We expect you to give a full report to your captain.” She nodded.
“The scouting parties will leave tomorrow,” the general said. “Be back in four days. We will have another officer meeting at the same time as today where Lieutenant Lyre and Captain Twain will give their reports. Understood?”
“Understood,” the officers said in unison. Joyah figured they must practice for hours to be able to speak in unison like that at the drop of a hat.
“You are dismissed,” he said. The officers all turned and started filing out.
Unlike the meeting with the mystics the people didn’t mill about in the hallway. Instead they walked swiftly off to get back to their duties. Henna led them back most of the way to their rooms before stopping.
“I have some things I must attend to. Can you find your way back from here?”
Jeff said “Yes” the same time Gilla said “No.” Henna blinked before looking to Joyah.
“I think we’ll manage,” Joyah said with a smile.
“Remember, if you need anything just come find me,” Henna said before walking back the way they had come.
Joyah held her hand up for her friends to wait. Once the lieutenant’s footsteps had died away she said, “Once we get back to our rooms we need to talk.”
“Second meeting in the girl’s room!” Gilla said happily.
Jeff led them the rest of the way. They gathered in the girl’s room.
“You want to have a look at the map,” Hasin inferred as Joyah shut the door behind them.
“Yes,” she said. “It’s probably the only thing that can show us how our trails might look like farther up the mountain.”
Gilla lifted up her mattress and pulled at a board underneath. Jeff took the mattress for her so she could use both hands pry up the loose board. It came away with a pop. Gilla took Addri’s map out from the small space underneath before pushing the board back into place. They all gathered around as Gilla spread the map out on the floor.
“It’s got lining,” Joyah pointed out.
“But not well done,” Gilla said, disappointed. “I doubt who ever made this was able to go all the way up. Just far enough to know where the village is and the general terrain.”
“It’s better than their map,” Hasin said.
They watched Gilla follow their chosen route with her finger.
“From the looks of it we should be able to follow this one almost the entire way. Things get a little fuzzy up here near the village, but it’s good enough.”
“Some of the other trails won’t make it,” Jeff said. Gilla looked at him in surprise.
“How do you know that?”
He rolled his eyes. “I can read maps, Gilla.” He pointed at three different trails. “It looks like these three come right up to a cliff face.”
“These too,” she said, pointing at two more.
“That leaves only two that actually make it,” Joyah said. “Ours and this one.” She traced the remaining trail.
“I suppose you have a plan on how to lead them towards these two trails without giving the map away,” Hasin said to Joyah.
Joyah looked to Gilla. “Any ideas?”
Gilla studied the map, thinking hard.
“Is it possible for them to see the cliff faces by the time they have to turn around?” Jeff asked. Gilla shook her head.
“Only for this one.” She pointed to one of them. “And I guess these two have a chance of being flooded out.”
“You do realize that we could request to try one of the two trails first,” Hasin said. “Then all we would need are excuses in case they have some objections.”
“That’s a good point,” Mal agreed. “They’ll have to take our opinion seriously.”
“That high chance of flooding thing is a good excuse,” Joyah said. “How about the last one?”
Gilla thought for a moment.
“Higher risk of rock falls. That also goes with one of the high risk of flooding ones too.”
“Hey, we might actually pull this off!” Jeff said happily.


Chapter 21
The Five Mystics of Angels


Joyah made sure to pack that afternoon for the following morning. She didn’t want to have to scramble to get everything done when Henna woke them up way too early the next morning. Henna hadn’t said that she was going to do that, but the Angels all seemed to start their day hours earlier than normal people. Her friends all seemed to have the same idea. Packing seemed like a horrible way to spend such a beautiful afternoon, especially with the little river and gazebos beckoning from outside her window, but she did it anyway.
There wasn’t much to pack anyway since none of them had had enough time there to make a mess. There was still time before dinner to go exploring when Joyah had finished. She was tempted to go back out to the gazebos, but since only Hasin could follow her there she decided to go somewhere else instead. She opened the door to go see if Jeff wanted to come and nearly walked into a soldier who had been about to knock.
The soldier stared at her in surprise for a moment before holding out a fancy envelope.
“A message from the Five Mystics of Angels to Miss Pain.”
Joyah took the envelope. “Thank you.”
The soldier bowed and marched away. Gilla bounced up behind her to peek over her shoulder.
“A letter from those mystic guys? What does it say?”
Joyah opened the envelope and unfolded the equally fancy letter within.

To Miss Joyah Pain,
The Five Mystics of Angels wish for an audience with you on the subject of your studies of the ancient art. You are invited to the Meditation hall at five. We would be honored if you could attend.
Sincerely,
Orion, the Most Honorable Mystic

Joyah shrieked. She jumped up and down, accidentally squishing the letter in her fists.
“Someone’s excited,” Gilla commented.
Joyah grabbed her by the shoulders.
“Do you know how amazing this is!? This is amazing!  I can’t believe I’m finally going to be conversing with really mystics! I’ve been dreaming about this for forever!”
Jeff opened the boy’s door. “What’s going on out here?”
Joyah bounced over and waved the letter in his face.
“I’ve been invited to the Meditation hall to talk with the mystics at five!”
“Really? Cool!”
Joyah stopped bouncing.
“Five’s less than an hour away. How do I even get to the Meditation hall? I barely know how to get outside. It would look horrible if I was late. How am I supposed to get there on time?!”
Jeff put his hand on her shoulder.
“Oookay, let’s calm down. All we need to do is find Henna. Come on.”
They found Henna on a large field where soldiers were training. Henna was conversing angrily with two other lieutenants, both of whom were gesturing angrily at some papers.
“I don’t care what the scheduling says! If you two can’t share a training session then you are ill fit to be lieutenants!” Henna shouted.
“Someone likes yelling,” Gilla noted.
Henna stormed away from the two, who started comparing papers sulkily. She caught sight of Joyah, Jeff, and Gilla and changed her course to them.
“Trouble?” Jeff asked as she approached.
“Someone accidentally scheduled for two groups to use the training field at the same time,” she said. “They were under the illusion that a third party could make the decision for them.”
“Look at this!” Joyah said excitedly, shoving her letter at her.
Henna took the crumpled letter and read it. Her eyes went wide.
“A personal audience with the Five Mystics of Angels?” she breathed. “And in the Meditation hall, their personal study hall, too? What an honor!”
“I have no idea how to get there,” Joyah said.
Henna folded up the letter and handed it back to her.
“What are guides for? I can meet you at your rooms at four thirty to take you there. Right now I should hang around here and make sure that these idiots don’t start something again.”
“Okay!” Joyah exclaimed happily. She felt like bouncing again as Henna left to supervise the training.
“Geez,” Gilla said. “I haven’t seen you this excited since, like, ever.”
“This is the first time we’ve had free time since the Laar library,” Jeff said. “We’ve never seen each other outside the Journey.”
“Except you and me, idiot,” Gilla added. Joyah cocked her head in thought.
“What are you thinking?” Jeff asked her.
“I’m thinking how it’s so weird that we’ve been with each other so little and yet it feels like I’ve known you forever,” Joyah said.
“That’s why we had our little get-together session back before the swamp,” Gilla said.
“Duh.” Jeff snickered. “Like that was helpful. It’s not like we learned much of anything new.”
“Besides that Mal likes badminton,” Gilla added.
Joyah slipped into thought again. She really didn’t know much about her friends. They’d spent so much time on the Journey and so little time hanging out. Her mood turned a little melancholy. She didn’t want to lose one of them at all, but especially not without knowing who they actually were. She’d barely known Addri.
“After my meeting I want to hang out,” she told them. “Like, however normal teenagers hang out.” Jeff caught her mood shift. He hooked his arm in hers and turned them back towards the building.
“Sure thing.”
Gilla hooked arms on Joyah’s other side as they walked back toward their rooms.
“It’s going to be very hard to be normal stuck in a military compound.”
Henna arrived at exactly four-thirty. She looked rather frazzled and was running her fingers through her hair as Jeff opened the door.
“I see the other two started something again,” he observed. Henna rolled her eyes in annoyance.
“I honestly don’t know how some people became lieutenants here. Ready?” she asked Joyah.
Joyah nodded and followed her out the door.
“See you guys later,” she told her friends before shutting the door behind her.
The route they took started off like the other two before it. Joyah assumed that all of the rooms that anyone important used were in the same general part of the compound. They passed by the Hall of Angels and came up to a silver door decorated with engravings of angels. A woman in a white and gold kimono stood outside. They stopped just before her. Henna dropped to one knee.
“Rise,” the woman said.
Henna straightened to her full height. “As the guide for the seven keepers of the Most Precious Jewel I request entrance into the halls of the mystics in order to escort Miss Joyah Pain to an audience with the Five Mystics of Angels.” Joyah marveled how she was able to spit out such a long sentence with such ease.
“I am to escort Miss Joyah Pain the rest of the way,” the woman said.
“But I am the assigned guide to the seven keepers of the most precious jewel,” Henna protested. “It is my duty to lead any member to their destination.”
“I am aware of your assignment, but as only mystics are allowed pass this point I have been sent in your stead.”
“But I am expected to uphold my duty to the fullest of my extent,” Henna said, sounding distressed. “I must be her guide the whole way or my duty will be incompl-”
“You know of the rules,” the woman said harshly. “Only mystics are allowed beyond this point. You have your orders, lieutenant.” She said Henna’s rank like it was an insult. “Are you disobeying the command of the mystics?”
“No.”
“Then you are dismissed.”
 Henna stared at her for a moment before bowing sharply and marching away. Joyah took her eyes from her friend’s disappearing back to stare fiercely at the woman. The woman barely glanced at Joyah.
“Come.”
Joyah glared at the woman’s back the whole way through the hallways. She barely noticed how the décor had suddenly become intricate and rich, very different from the plain décor of the soldier’s halls. The woman stopped sharply next to a set of golden double doors. She pointed to them and said, “In there,” before stalking away. She thinks she’s being dishonored by being sent to get me, Joyah thought as she watched the woman disappear around the corner. Henna finds guiding us to be a great honor. They should have just let her do her job instead of forcing some arrogant woman to do it. With that thought Joyah pushed open one of the doors and entered the Meditation hall.
The Meditation hall was less of a hall and more of a room. The walls were white (big surprise!) and the designs were accented with gold. At the top of each wall was the face of a beautiful angel. Each one had wings that were spread long enough to touch the tips of the other angels at the corners. The floor was almost completely covered by a white carpet. Marble flooring peeked out near the edges of the room. Each of the other three walls had an alcove at the center. The alcoves each contained a beautiful and incredibly intricate structure made up of thin clear crystals. On each side of the alcoves stood bookshelves filled with rich and very old looking books and scrolls. The five mystics knelt in the center of the carpet in the same semicircle on silver, or gold for Orion, cushions. They were much as Joyah remembered them.
“Welcome to the Meditations hall,” Orion said as she entered.
Joyah closed the door behind her and walked to stand in front of the five mystics.
“It is an honor to be called to this audience,” she said.
“We are most glad that you are able to join us,” he said. “It is so unusual for one at your age to have reached the level you have.”
“You claim to be attempting to reach perfect balance,” said the sharp nosed woman who had spoken during the meeting in the Hall of Angels. “Would you demonstrate to us your progress?”
Joyah nodded, feeling slightly giddy.
She took a couple steps so she was an equal distance from each of the side crystals and directly in front of the far one. She closed her eyes and breathed out as she brought her hands together in front of her chest. She calmed herself from the excitement she’d been feeling only a moment before. This was the most pressure she’d ever had to get it right. Actually it was the only pressure she’d ever had. She had to forget all that, though, if she was to succeed. She breathed in and out slowly again, calming herself.
Joyah focused on the crystals, all three structures of them. The reaction she got was overwhelming. She’d never tried this with so many crystals before. On top of that the room itself was shaped to channel the energies of the world around her in the proper way. For a moment her centering broke. It was all too overwhelming. Just one, she thought to herself. You can handle one tower. She brought her focus completely on the tower in the far wall. The swirl of energy inside and around her narrowed down. This level she could work with.
First she brought her foot up to rest on her knee, her opposite knee facing outward. She pressed her hands together in front of her chest, gently; hard enough to create pressure but not hard enough to tire herself out. She didn’t wobble a bit. Stone steady. Next she moved her hands so they were pressed together above her head. She leaned forward so that her stomach was parallel to the ground and extended her leg out behind her. Her back formed a straight line. Unlike the time in the studio her foot didn’t wobble. She felt a little flutter of joy in her chest. She was doing it! Her leg began to tremble. She immediately suppressed the bit of joy and focused more on the tower. She couldn’t lose focus now.
Slowly, very slowly, Joyah moved her leg so it formed an arch over her back. She realized her mistake. She’d broken her focus worrying about doing it instead of just doing it. Joyah let go of all her thoughts to try to regain the ground she’d lost when her focus had wavered. Refocusing in the middle of the routine was a lot harder than in the beginning. Even slower yet, she took one hand and started to move it back towards her ankle. She was starting to lose it. Her hand was inches from her ankle when she began to wobble. She was getting angry at herself for losing it and that was just making it worse! She nearly jumped when her hand closed about her ankle. This was the farthest she’d ever come! She couldn’t believe it!
Only a bit more now. She started leaning forward, bringing her ankle past her head and her body closer to her leg. Her surprise and joy at reaching that new point had nearly broke her concentration. She could feel her focus wearing down. Desperately she tried to get rid of her emotions, but she was fighting a losing battle. Her leg collapsed out from beneath her, and she cracked her head on the floor.
Joyah sat up and rubbed the back of her head. That wasn’t the first time she’d conked herself falling over and she was sure it wouldn’t be the last. What was new was the sound of the mystics politely applauding.
Joyah bounced to her feet. She stood straight in front of the mystics, a little embarrassed at her failure. She had said she was trying to learn the feat, right? It wasn’t like they’d expect her to do a perfect job right away.
“Very good,” the woman said. Joyah really needed to get her name. “I sensed something inserting itself inside your focused energy, fracturing it.”
“My emotions,” Joyah said.
The mystics all nodded wisely.
“Many novices have struggled with the same problem,” the other man said. “One must learn to use one’s emotions instead of fighting them.” Joyah frowned. That didn’t make any sense.
“But all of the writings I have read claim that you’ve got to let go of all your emotions in order to reach peace.”
“That is true,” Orion said. “But once you have reached inner stillness you must then use the energies. Then your emotions may lend strength and power behind what you do.” Joyah thought about it for a moment.
“That makes sense, I guess. I don’t think that would work well for balance, though. Balance does not use power. Isn’t power one of the other goals the ancient mystics strived for?”
The mystics looked politely surprised.
“Why yes,” the woman said. “We were not aware that you knew of them.”
Joyah nodded. “How would you use your emotions in balance?”
The mystics looked at each other.
“We have been informed by one of our mystics that you speak and read the Olden language,” Orion said. Joyah mentally raised an eyebrow at the sudden topic change but didn’t say anything about it.
“Apparently.”
“She claimed you said your aunt taught you,” the woman said. “How did a healer of a small village know the forgotten tongue?” Joyah shrugged. “Everyone keeps asking me that, but I have absolutely no idea. It’s not like I can ask her now.”
The mystics looked a little miffed. Joyah realized she’d gone a little informal there. She needed to keep in mind who she was talking to. It wasn’t like she was having this conversation with her friends.
“We have some manuscripts here that are written in the Olden Tongue that no one has been able to read,” the other man said, gesturing to some of the bookshelves. “Would you care to have a look at them?”
“I would be honored,” Joyah said.
He stood and led her over to the left wall. There he carefully picked out a very old looking scroll and delicately handed it to her.
“We believe this was written around two thousand years ago.” He went back to his place. Joyah knelt on the floor in front of the mystics. She laid the scroll on the ground and carefully unrolled it. The pages crackled as they unrolled. Joyah leaned closer to make out the faded writing. She read it out loud.
“The thoughts and teachings of Sai Akimoto, written by his faithful student Sachio Myoki.”
“I have never heard of these names,” the woman said. She looked around at the other mystics. “There could be hundreds of ancient mystics and scholars with knowledge long forgotten and you could be the only person able to access them!”
Joyah looked around at the shelves. How many of these writings had been inaccessible for the mystics here? How many secrets were unlocked because their language was dead?
“We would be honored,” Orion said, “if you would translate some of our most valuable texts for us.”
“I would love to,” Joyah said. “After the scouting mission.”
Orion waved a hand dismissively.
 “That can be dealt with by the soldiers. Someone like you should be able to spend your time with something more important, something worth your talents.”
Joyah shook her head. “I want to take an active part in this mission, not just sit behind a desk while others do the dangerous things for me. Besides, I’m just a village girl. I’m really not any better than anyone here.”
The mystic’s eyes bore into her.
“That may be so,” Orion said. “But you have trained for something higher. Only you can translate these documents.”
“And I will,” Joyah said. “I want to. Just after the scouting mission.”
The mystics didn’t say anything. Since the first time she climbed into the compound she’d been denying powerful people who weren’t used to the word no. She just hoped she hadn’t said no one too many times. To her relief Orion said stiffly, “As you wish. We request that the first thing you do after the officer meeting upon return is translate our volumes. We don’t know when you may have to leave and it would be a catastrophe to lose this opportunity.”
Joyah smiled at him. “Don’t worry. I’ll get to it right away.” She looked back down at the scroll she was holding open. “Should I read this through?”
“We would be most delighted,” the woman said.
Joyah hadn’t gone far when she stopped.
“This doesn’t make sense.”
“What?” one of the other women asked.
“Well, he’s talking about controlling the energies of nature outside your own body,” Joyah said. “That’s not possible.”
The other woman smiled at her with an expression that seemed to say, Oh what a quaint little girl, she doesn’t even know about that.
“It is possible to bend the forces of nature to your will. The most successful example is when a small collective channels energies into someone, making them stronger, faster, and more balanced.”
“How hard is it?” Joyah asked.
“For the common person it is more difficult than to control your internal energies,” the original woman said. “It is not often reached. The Guild of Angels, however, is very skilled in this area. Our mystics learn its basics before learning internal control.”
“Do you know who came up with this?” Joyah asked, scanning the page. “’Cause this man claims that he had just discovered it.”
“The founder of this idea is unknown,” Orion said. “Every writing we know of is built on this basic idea. None of them claim to be or act like they are the one who discovered it.”
“So this guy probably is one of the founding mystics,” Joyah said. She squinted at a small date up in the right hand corner. “I can’t make this quite out, but I think it’s actually over three thousand years old.”
“Then we know more of our history than before,” the woman said. “We know that the ancient art started much earlier than originally imagined.”
Joyah read through the rest of the scroll. To the mystics it must have been just a bare skeleton of what they already knew, but to her it was the beginning of a whole new idea. The more she thought about it the more she decided that it might actually work. After all, all things of nature were connected to each other. They remained in balance, yin and yang, and in a never ending circle of life and death. That kind of connection tied them together. Humans were also tied in this circle, so if she could control herself then she should also be able to reach out and control the forces tied to her.
When Joyah was finished reading the scroll she closed her eyes and took a calming breath. She let all of her emotions and thoughts drain out of her. When she was centered she reached out with her awareness to the world around her. She could feel the energy inside of her and swirling around her, but when she tried to move it other than in her it slipped away like fog. Disappointed, she opened her eyes. The five mystics were watching her. Their faces were neutral, but she felt like inside they were making self-satisfied smirks.
“Commendable try,” Orion said. “We have never encountered someone so far along with so little experience with the energies of nature. It will be interesting to see how that affects your studies. If, that is, you plan on studying this area more.”
“Of course,” Joyah said. She scanned the scroll quickly in case there was anything she’d missed before carefully rolling it back up. After she could reach perfect balance, whenever that was, she’d try this. The other man took the scroll from her and carefully placed it back in its slot.
“So, how many books and scrolls do you have here in Olden?” Joyah asked once he’d sat down again. They looked to the last woman.
“Many,” she said. She gestured to the left wall. “All of the volumes you see here as well as a large section of our personal library. The exact number escapes me at the moment, but I have it written down in some files.”
“Don’t worry about it, I get the picture,” Joyah said. She stared at the left wall. “That is going to be a lot of writing.”
“Not necessarily,” she said. “If you could write down the basic characters then we can have our scribes do the rest. Then all you’d need to do is translate the books in this room. They are our most precious and we would prefer to have them dealt with in a more controlled setting.”
Joyah nodded. “Okay.”
They gave Joyah a notebook and a quill pen to write down as many characters as she could so their scribes could begin the translation while she was away. As she went she would tell them what each character meant. Then the last woman would write down their equivalent next to it. Joyah lost track of time as they worked. They had nearly reached the end of the book when she caught a faint dong echoing somewhere in the compound.
“What was that?” she asked. The sharp nosed woman gave an annoyed sigh through her nose.
“That would be the dinner bell for the soldiers. We have had our craftsmen create a new one that is not so loud that it echoes through the Hall of Mystics, but it is not ready yet.”
“But we have been bad hosts,” Orion said. “I did not realize that it had become so late or I would have sent for a dinner. You see,” he explained to Joyah. “As mystics we are used to studying until we are finished with our work and eating after, but I believe others eat at more fixed times.”
“That’s alright,” Joyah assured him. “I don’t really care when I eat.”
“Nevertheless,” Orion said. He made a gesture. The last woman stood to pull a rope hanging near a small door in the far wall. “Our dinner will arrive shortly,” Orion told her.
They had just finished filling the notebook when dinner arrived. Some teenagers, most likely apprentices to the mystics, brought in a fold-up table on which they laid more food than Joyah had ever seen at one time. There was a whole turkey, mashed potatoes, gravy, some meat that they said was mountain goat meat, boiled vegetables covered in gooey cheese, and a bowl filled with sweet smelling fruit Joyah didn’t recognize. It was a rather strange meal, no dumplings or roast duck, but it all smelled wonderful. Someone offered her rice wine, which she politely refused.
It was a very good dinner, though Joyah didn’t think she liked the gravy very much. It was a much richer dinner than she was used to. She stopped once she felt her stomach start to protest the new foods.
After everyone had finished and the apprentices were taking the leftovers and table away, Joyah looked around for a clock. There was none in the room. She wished she knew what time it was. Eventually she wanted to get back to her room so she could spend time with Jeff and Gilla before it was too dark. The second woman must have noticed her look since she leaned over and whispered something in Orion’s ear. He nodded and whispered something back. Then he straightened and addressed Joyah.
“I believe we have kept you long enough. It is getting late and you must be tired.”
Joyah nodded even though she wasn’t the least bit tired.
“Thank you, it was an honor to be here.”
“The same,” he said. Joyah nodded to them all before she left.
This time Lia met her outside the room.
“So, how did it go?” she asked as she led Joyah back through the hallways. “Two whole hours with the Five Mystics of Angels!”
“It was amazing,” Joyah said with a sigh. Then she cocked her head at the woman. “The last mystic sent to guide me acted like it was below her, so why are you so chipper?”
“It is a job usually fulfilled by apprentice mystics. It is below a full mystic, but they decided that you deserved someone higher than that,” Lia said. She grinned. “I volunteered to take the place of your first guide because I couldn’t pass up an opportunity to speak with you again.”
They met Henna outside the mystic’s halls. Henna looked even more stiff and formal than usual. Lia turned to Joyah.
“I hope that we will meet each other again soon. It is always a pleasure to hear new views of the ancient art.”
“It’s even more of a pleasure to me to talk with actual mystics,” Joyah said. “It is an honor to have met you.”
Lia smiled. “Farewell, and good luck on your scouting mission.” She turned and disappeared through the door.
“This way,” Henna said stiffly. She took off so fast Joyah had to jog to catch up to her.
“Hey, you’re not still mad about before, are you? I think that woman was horrible to act like that towards you.”
Henna stopped suddenly. Joyah nearly ran into her. She whipped around, fire in her eyes.
“Do not dishonor the great and wonderful mystics! It was my fault to have let my ego grow too large and it was right for her to remind me of my place!”
“Do you honestly believe that?” Joyah demanded. “You were just trying to do what you thought was right and she walked all over it!”
“I dishonored myself when I challenged her,” Henna said angrily.
“No,” Joyah said. “She dishonored herself when she acted like she was better than you. It’s not okay for anyone to act like that, not even mystics.”
Henna took a step forward so they were almost touching noses. Her hand dropped to her sword.
“Do not ever dishonor any of the mystics. They know things you couldn’t even dream of.”
“Oh I could dream of them all right,” Joyah said, not backing down an inch. “Or do you forget the reason I went there in the first place? You don’t see me walking around treating people like dirt.”
“You are nothing more than an apprentice the Five Mystics of Angels have taken a liking to,” Henna told her.
“That would still put me above you,” Joyah retorted. “But I still think of you as my friend.” Henna opened her mouth to say something, but she blinked instead.
“Wha- your, friend?”
“Yes,” Joyah said. “Aren’t we?”
“I, are we?”
“I would say so,” Joyah said. Henna looked thrown.
“Oh.”
“Have you never had friends before?”
“I’ve had followers and colleagues.”
“Anyone you really like hanging out with? Like, for fun.”
“Not really.”
Joyah shook her head as they continued walking. “Well, now you have five.”
Jeff and Gilla were waiting for them in the girl’s room. Gilla bounced up and over to Joyah as she entered.
“Hey! So, what do you want to do?”
Joyah shrugged. “I don’t know. What do normal kids do?”
Gilla shrugged and turned to Jeff. He rolled his eyes and stood to walk over to them.
“Am I the only one here who had a normal childhood?”
“Yup,” Gilla said the same time Joyah said, “Probably.”
“Well,” Jeff said, running his hand through his hair. “We could go for a walk outside.”
“Sure,” Gilla said. “I’ve never been stuck inside for so long before.”
Jeff led them through the maze of halls until they came to the front arch. The meadow outside was just as magical as that morning. The sun had almost set behind the pine trees. The many colors of the sunset lit the sky. Fireflies were just starting to appear, blinking over the flowered grass across the meadow. Joyah closed her eyes as a cool breeze gently swished past her face and played with her hair. She could hear the sounds of mothers calling their children in for bed and the crickets just starting to play.
“I think some of those trees look rather climbable,” Gilla commented. Jeff and Joyah looked at her.
“You’re going to make us climb them with you, aren’t you?” he asked. With an impish grin Gilla took off across the lawn. Her two friends ran after her. She was already part of the way up one of the trees when they reached the base. “Aren’t we going to get enough climbing going up the mountain?” Jeff called.
“Come on,” Gilla called back. “You’re missing a great view!” Joyah shook her head before pulling herself up onto the first branch. She turned to give Jeff a hand up before climbing up after Gilla.
Gilla was high enough that calling some of the limbs of the tree “branches” was being generous. Joyah stopped at head height to Gilla’s ankle and gazed out over the land. She caught her breath. From this height she could see past the tree tops surrounding the compound and out over the mountain side. The white compound sparkled in the setting sun. Above it the sky blazed in fiery colors slowly fading to the deep blues and purples of night. The mountain range spread out beneath the rainbow sky with great heights and canyons that made Joyah dizzy from just looking at them. She couldn’t quite see the rolling hills beyond the Gorem Forest, but she could imagine their light green grasses adding even more color to the grays of the mountains, dark greens of the forest, and many colors of the sky.
“Come on, Jeff,” Gilla called down. “You’re missing a beautiful sunset.”
“Gilla, I’m a bit heavier than you,” he said from below. “If I go too high those branches will break.”
“Joyah’s this high.”
“Joyah’s crazy, you know that.”
Joyah looked down at him. “Hey!”
“I can see it from here,” he continued as if she’d never spoken. “Imagine how it’s going to look on top of the mountain.”
“Man,” Gilla said. “We’ll be able to see all of the Middle Kingdom from there!”
They stayed in the tree until the sun had completely set. Going down the tree was a little hairier than going up. Gilla passed Joyah and used the branch she was standing on as a handhold. That was a mistake. Under both their weight the branch snapped, sending the two girls tumbling into Jeff, who then joined them on their fall to the ground.
Joyah landed on her back and rolled over one shoulder to keep the wind from being knocked out of her. The other two just landed in heaps.
“You three have a habit of nearly getting yourselves killed wherever you go,” a voice said from above her. Joyah looked up to see Mal standing next to her.
“We weren’t going to get killed,” she said. “And it was Gilla’s idea.”
“You seem to think that actually helps your point,” he said.
“What does that mean?” Gilla demanded.
“What exactly were you doing in that tree in the first place?” he asked.
“Watching the sunset,” Joyah said. She climbed to her feet and brushed herself off. “And then falling. Where’ve you been all this time?”
“In the library,” Mal said. He got a wistful look on his face. “There are so many wonderful, old books. I spent the last couple of hours organizing them.”
“Haven’t you had enough of libraries after all that researching?” Gilla asked as she and Jeff staggered to their feet. Mal looked miffed.
“My dear, one can never have enough of libraries.”
“Out of all the things you can do in a library you chose to organize the books?” Jeff asked incredulously.
“Of course,” Mal said. “For such an organized place their books were in horrible disorder. They had history mixed up with fairy tales, short stories in amongst series, and I even found a cook book among ancient tomes! Not to mention their lack of alphabetizing or chronological order. It took me forever just to find where they kept their scrolls!”
“Once a librarian, always a librarian,” Gilla said.
“I came out here to let you know that the guild holds a curfew in a few minutes,” Mal said, ignoring Gilla. “It would be a bad start to get into trouble breaking that curfew.”
“I break curfews all the time,” Gilla said.
“That’s with your mother. These are our allies,” Jeff said. “We should follow their rules while we’re in their facility.”
Gilla rolled her eyes. “Whatever.”
“Come on, guys,” Joyah said. “Let’s head back.”
They followed Mal back to their rooms. The girls said good night to the guys before going in and shutting the door. Gilla stretched like a cat before lying down on her mat. “It’s too bad these people are such sticks in the mud,” she told Joyah. “I was hoping we’d get more time to hang out.”
“Wow, that was almost sentimental,” Joyah said.
Gilla made a face at her. “Oh shut up.”
Joyah lay on her mat for a while, staring up at the ceiling. She wanted to get to sleep, she really should get to sleep so she’d have a good rest for tomorrow, but she just couldn’t get the events of the past weeks out of her head. Since this was the first time she wasn’t strung tight at the thought of getting attacked at night images kept swirling around clogging her brain. She thought of home, of the jewel, the first time she saw the Assassins, Miss Faulet, Addri. Addri. She closed her eyes for a moment, trying to block out the image of his dead, staring eyes. She tried thinking of home again. No, that was no use. She still got melancholy. This was not the time to be sad! She could be sad in a couple weeks once the jewel was safely in the Sanctuary. She sighed. This was pointless. Joyah slipped out of bed and put on her vest and boots before climbing out the window and onto the roof.
It was harder getting onto the roof here than at the Raymond’s house since she was on the first floor. She had to climb up onto the second story window sill before pulling herself up onto the roof top. She didn’t peek inside the second story window just in case it was someone’s private room. Joyah sat on the slanted roof with her feet braced against the gutter so she wouldn’t fall off. She gazed up at the sky sparkling with stars. The moon was full that night. It cast a hushed light over the meadows before her. Joyah tilted her face to the sky and closed her eyes as a night breeze wafted past.
Joyah opened her eyes and nearly hit the person standing next to her.
Hasin laughed softly. “You have dangerous reflexes.”
“Not many people can sneak up on me like that,” Joyah admitted grumpily.
Hasin sat down next to her. “I didn’t think you were the rebellious bad girl type.” He shook his head. “Breaking curfew. Maybe I should go tell Henna.”
“I am not a rebel and if you tell Henna!-” She cut off when she realized he was pulling her leg. She faced front again and crossed her arms as he silently laughed at her. “No one likes a wise ass, Starling.”
“Wise assess like wise assess, it’s just no one else can appreciate them.”
“Do you have a comeback for everything?”
“Yes.”
 She continued to glare at the moon, purposefully not looking at him. He touched her far elbow.
“Okay, I’ll stop teasing you. Why did you come up here?”
Joyah sighed and brushed some hair out of her eyes.
“I guess it’s just that so much has happened in such a short amount of time that it’s gotten a little overwhelming. I needed to clear my head.”
“It’s a lot to take in,” he agreed. He smiled his cocky smile down at her. “If I were to pick someone I thought could handle it, it would be you. You are the strongest girl I know.”
Joyah smiled and looked down. She found it suddenly hard to meet his eyes. Then a thought intruded. This is stupid, you’re acting like a little girl, just like when you met Addri. Joyah stiffened. No one was going to take Addri’s place.
Hasin pulled his arm back from around her.
“And there you go again, closing up. What’s stopping you?”
“I lost a friend in the swamp and nothing’s going to replace him.”
Hasin shook his head.
“Pain, I understand what it’s like to lose someone special, but that shouldn’t stop you from continuing to live. You can’t cut yourself off from the future. Besides, he’s moved to a different part of your heart now. Living relationships come and go, but he’s always going to be with you.”
Joyah brought her hand up and curled it up on her chest.
“Wow, that was really deep.”
“I know, right? Look what being around you’s turned me into. Come on.” He stood up and took her hand to drag her to her feet.
“Where are we going?” Joyah asked.
He flashed his self-assured smile again. “You’ll see.”
Joyah followed him across the roof tops, running silently among the spires and slopes. It was like a giant playground for grown-ups. Finally they came to the edge of the roof. Without hesitation Hasin leaped off. Joyah hurried to the side just in time to see him land on the roof of one of the pavilions over the water. For a moment Joyah marveled at his control and agility. He was so strong, so dangerous. He rolled and came to his feet at the edge of the pavilion.
“You couldn’t have just used the board walk?” Joyah called.
“I thought you liked the unconventional way,” he called back.
Joyah smiled and shook her head. Then she backed up until her back hit a spire, judged the distance, and took a running leap off the building. She landed and rolled easily on the pavilion, coming up just in front of Hasin. He smiled down at her.
“So how many more times can you do that?”
“More than you,” she challenged. He raised an eyebrow.
“Is that so?” Then he turned and leaped to the next one. Without hesitation she followed.
They jumped from roof to roof, winding their way around the river until they finally reached the middle pavilion. It was the biggest one there, about as big as the martial arts studio at Joyah’s village. Joyah nearly ran into Hasin, who had finally stopped.
“What’s wrong, tired?” she taunted.
“Not at all,” he told her. “But this is what I wanted to show you. Come here.” He led her to the far side where they crouched at the edge. Joyah peered down at the water and caught her breath.
The slow moving water was glowing. She could see water lilies and fish silhouetted against the green lit river. For the first time Joyah looked up at the river around her. It was all starting to light up in a soft, green glow.
“What is this?” she breathed.
“Phosphorescence,” Hasin said. “There’s a chemical in the river bed here that reacts with the water in the dark to make this glow.”
“Why’s that?” she asked. He shrugged.
“I have no idea, but it’s pretty cool.”
“It’s beautiful,” she breathed. The night breeze picked up some petals off the nearby blossom trees and blew them in a dancing swirl around the pair, playing with their hair and adding to the soft beauty of the scene. Joyah took her eyes off the river and found his bright green eyes looking into hers. She briefly wondered how anyone could have eyes like that. So vibrant.
Joyah looked away as the wind died down, dropping the petals to be swept away by the river.
Hasin sighed and shook his head.
“Someday I’m going to crack past that shell you’ve got, Pain.” He stood up and held out his hand. “Come on, let’s go back.”
Joyah hated to admit it, even to herself, but she was a little sad to go. She was acting like a stupid little girl. She had a mission to do. Distractions caused mistakes and mistakes caused death. There would be time for having fun after the jewel was safe. But she had had such a wonderful time.


Chapter 22
The Resistance


The morning came way too early. It felt like Joyah had just closed her eyes when the sun was stinging them awake. She put her hand over her eyes. These people really needed shades. Joyah rolled over onto her stomach and looked around at the room. Gilla was still asleep. What did that make it? Five in the morning? Joyah groaned and plopped her head back down on the pillow. Why did she have to wake up at freaking three in the morning?! Joyah thought back to the night before and sighed. That had been fun. Jumping on rooftops like that? Awesome! Glowing river? Amazing! And what Hasin had said about Addri. It was so sweet and open. Maybe she should start moving on. It wasn’t like Addri was going to come back, even though she wished he could. Joyah sighed again as she thought back to last night…
“Come on, Joyah! Time to wake up!” Gilla was shaking her awake. Joyah picked up her head and squinted around. She must have dozed off. Gilla’s stuff was already packed up in her bag and any sign that Ala had once been there was gone.
“What time is it?” Joyah mumbled.
“Time for you to get up!” Gilla answered.
“Thank you, that was very helpful,” she grumbled.
“Breakfast is going to be here soon,” Gilla continued as if she’d never spoken. “Then Henna wants to hit the road right after, so you’d better finish getting your stuff together or she’ll hit the ceiling. Which would be fun to watch, but still.”
Joyah crawled out of bed and put on her vest and boots. She borrowed Gilla’s hairbrush again before gathering her belongings she hadn’t gotten before into a bag the guild had given them. Gilla took her brush back and looked at it.
“Now it’s all covered in red hair. Can’t you get your own brush?”
“If you want to go back to Laar and beg Miss Faulet for mine back, be my guest.”
“No, I meant get a new one!”
“I know.”
Just then Henna poked her head through the door.
“Breakfast is here. We’re all going to eat it in the other room so we can discuss a few things before heading out.”
“Okay,” Gilla said. Henna paused before closing the door.
“You two are all packed, right?”
“Yes,” Joyah said, standing up to follow her out.
“Good,” she said.
Everyone else was already in the boy’s room when they entered. A small fold up table had been erected in the center and held a bowl of rice and vegetables. The two girls both helped themselves to a bowlful. When everyone was ready Henna took out a map and unrolled it on the floor next to the table.
“Can everyone see this? Okay good. Now, this is the route we’ve been assigned to. As you can see it follows this trail up the gorge before joining this deer trail up here. Our trail is one of the riskier ones since no one has ever gone up it before. There could be rockfalls or other disasters we don’t know about since none of our maps have a good idea of what it’s like.”
Jeff snorted. “Like unknown disasters are new. We’ve been dealing with that since the beginning.”
Henna raised an eyebrow at him.
“I didn’t say you wouldn’t be used to it. All I said is that we need to keep an eye out for those kinds of things. There’s also the possibility that the gorge will be completely flooded due to the recent weather. We’re hoping that since there’s barely any water running down it normally there won’t be too much to get by now.”
“How steep is it?” Joyah asked. She hated being the only one who didn’t know how to read a map well. At some point she really needed to have Jeff teach her.
“We think it may be steep but passable the whole way up,” Henna said. “But as I said we really don’t know for sure. That’s one of the objectives of this mission. We need to get up the path as far as we can and make sure it’s not too steep, dangerous, or impassible.”
“How far up are we planning on going?” Mal asked.
Henna shrugged. “That all depends on how fast we move. We have two days to get as high as we can before heading back down. The difficulty will determine how far we get, though if it turns out to be impassible right off the bat then our mission will end up being rather short. Any other questions?” No one had any. “We’ve already been provided with sufficient supplies, so we can start heading out right away.”
“Oh, wait,” Joyah said.
“What?” Henna demanded. Joyah thought really fast.
“Uh, I forgot, I lost my… hairbrush!”
Gilla gave her a “seriously?” look. Henna looked like she was ready to hit the ceiling.
“Why in the world didn’t you try to find it earlier?!”
“Well, I did,” Joyah answered. “But, I couldn’t, and then you came in to get us for this meeting, so I didn’t have time to find it. Could you guys help me find it?” Joyah asked her friends. Jeff picked up on what she was doing first.
“Oh yeah, sure Joyah.”
“Of course.”
“Definitely.”
Henna threw her hands into the air.
“Well I’m going to the entrance to wait! This better not take long.”
“It won’t,” Joyah said innocently. Henna slammed the door behind her. Joyah turned to her friends, all business.
“Gilla, do you have Addri’s map?”
“Yup, got it right here.” Gilla pulled the map out of her pack and unrolled it where Henna’s map had been. They all leaned over it.
“Does this tell us anything that Henna’s map might have missed?” Joyah asked.
“It tells us that it isn’t too steep,” Jeff answered. “See here? The spacing’s tough, but the contour lines are far enough apart that I think we’ll be able to make it.”
“Same way all way up,” Gilla added in. “Not that many rockfall zones either, so if all goes well this should be the trail that we take.”
“If all goes well,” Jeff repeated with a short laugh. “Since when has that happened?”
They met a very impatient Henna at the front arch.
“So, you found it?” she demanded.
“No,” Joyah said. “I must have lost it somewhere else. Oh well, I’ll just keep having to borrow Gilla’s.”
“No, no you won’t,” Gilla interjected.
“Are we ready to go now?” Henna demanded. They all nodded. “Then let’s go.”
“Wait,” Jeff said. “Lieutenant, you shouldn’t be wearing your uniform.” Henna looked confused.
“Why not?”
“Anyone who sees you will easily be able to identify you as a member of the Guild of Angels,” he told her. “They could tell the Assassins where you are and bring the whole guild down on top of us.”
“He’s got a point, you know,” Joyah agreed.
“It’s not like we’re going to run into anybody!” Henna protested.
“You don’t know that,” Jeff pointed out. “Anyone could be in these mountains.”
“There is no way I’m leaving my armor behind!” she said. “We can take anything they throw at us! Let them attack, we shall battle them with honor!”
“Unless they don’t attack,” Hasin said. “They could just follow us on our way back. You would have led them straight to your stronghold.” She froze at his words. “And before you claim that your guild can take all of them on, just think,” he continued. “They’re assassins. It’s not like they’re going to march up and knock on the front gate to challenge you.”
“They’ll just slip in in the middle of the night and slit all of the officers' throats while you sleep,” Mal agreed. “The mystics’ too. Then they’ll start on the soldiers, methodically working their way from veterans on down. By the time morning comes only the inexperienced and families will be left. If your stronghold is found you won’t stand a chance.”
Henna was staring at him in horror. Finally she squeaked, “I’ll go change.”
Henna replaced her cloak and chain mail with a plain, long sleeved brown shirt and dark brown trousers. She’d wrapped the handle of her sword in leather and changed the sheath. She looked completely different and completely miserable.
“I haven’t gone without my uniform in years,” she said mournfully. “It’s the symbol of my station and duty, of my destiny and courage.”
“And you can put it all back on when we come back,” Hasin assured her, putting his arm around her shoulders and leading her towards the entrance. “Besides, all that takes away from your pretty face and strong figure.”  Joyah crushed a stupid little pang of jealousy.
They followed Henna down the trick cliff. From there they went around the compound and started up the mountain again. Their path to the gorge was sloped uphill. Joyah decided she’d better get used to it. They were going to be doing a lot of uphill from then on. The trees around them were completely evergreen now. They were getting steadily smaller and scrubbier, and the underbrush was getting lower. Joyah started spotting little patches of blue berries. Finally, after a half hour walk, they came to the entrance of the gorge.
The gorge was full of fallen rocks leading up into the mountain. Many of them had moss and ferns growing on top of them. Those had been there a long time. The ones that worried Joyah were the unstable looking ones. They seemed to have fallen down not too long ago. They’d have to avoid those. A stream was bubbling down the middle of the gorge. Sometimes it ran on top of the rocks to fall off in little waterfalls. Other times it slipped under the rocks so they only knew it was there from the noise. They took a break on the rocks at the bottom of the gorge.
Gilla walked over to inspect the stream.
“This is little compared to what we’ve been dealing with.”
“It should be easy enough to avoid,” Henna agreed.
After their water break Gilla and Henna led the way up the gorge. It was much different than traveling along the paths and roads before. Behind her Joyah could hear Jeff and Mal slipping and grumbling the whole time. On the other hand she could see Gilla hopping from rock to rock like a little mountain goat and having a blast.
“If you keep up that pace then you’ll be exhausted before we even get anywhere,” Henna said disapprovingly.
“Are you kidding? I haven’t had this much fun in weeks!” Gilla called back. “It’s like climbing a tree only better.”
Jeff caught up to Joyah and stopped for a moment. He watched Gilla scamper on ahead and shook his head.
“She is so amazing.”
Joyah grinned. “Oh?”
“Just look at her,” he said. “She’s just going from rock to rock like it’s nothing. She’s so nimble, so sure.”
Joyah patted him on the shoulder.
“Don’t worry. Someday you’ll be up there with her.”
“Not likely,” he said a little sadly. “Compared to her I’m so big and clumsy.”
“Don’t sell yourself short,” she said. “Someday you’re going to be the experienced one dragging around a bunch of newbies.”
They took another break near a little pool of water. Gilla sat down next to the little water fall pouring into it to look at the fish. (How did those fish get there?!) The scenery really did make her look like a woodland cherub.
Henna caught Jeff gazing at her.
“Is it me,” she asked Joyah and Mal, “or is he acting a little strange?”
The two looked at each other.
“No way,” Joyah said.
“No one can be that ignorant,” Mal agreed.
Henna looked between them in confusion.
“What?”
“So how long are we going to be doing this?” Jeff asked as Gilla joined them.
Gilla made an involuntary motion toward her pack as if she was going to pull out Addri’s map before realizing that it wasn’t in the place she always kept it.
“Man, I need to stop doing that.” Henna pulled out her map and held it up for them to see. Gilla peered over her shoulder. “At the pace we’re going we should get there near dusk.”
“What?!” Jeff said.
Henna nodded in agreement. “Dusk sounds about right.”
Jeff put his hand on his forehead.
“We’re going to be doing this all day.”
Mal sighed. “What you kids are pulling me into. I haven’t done this much climbing in… ever.”
“Oh stop being such babies,” Gilla told them as Henna put her map away. “It isn’t like we’re going very fast.”
“Easy for you to say,” Mal grumbled.
They climbed in little bursts. They’d go up for ten to thirty minutes before stopping for another little break. Even with the frequent breaks it was still very tiring, though Joyah had to admit it was a bit fun. Even with Gilla and Henna finding the easiest ways up there was a lot of jumping, catching small hand holds, and inching their way up slopes. It was exhilarating at first, much like jumping around the roof tops back at the compound with Hasin had been. Joyah smiled as she thought back to the night before and nearly missed the next step. Her foot splashed in the stream. Gilla turned around to roll her eyes at her.
“Pay attention, Joyah!”
Joyah stuck her tongue out at her. At least the water here was shallow. She really didn’t need a re-do of the swamp. Why did she always manage to get only one foot wet?
The sound of a large falling boulder behind her broke through Joyah’s thoughts. She whipped around, her heart in her throat. Luckily she found that Mal had simply knocked a boulder harmlessly down behind him.
“Now that,” Gilla called down, “is why we need to watch out for loose rocks. If I did that then all seven of you would have to scramble to get out of the way.”
Mal looked sourly up at them. “Yes, I believe we understand.”
As they climbed Joyah grew a little worried about Ruen. The small, weak boy was really struggling to get up the gorge. Hasin and Ala were practically lifting him up some of the harder rocks. Maybe they should have left him back at the compound so he’d only have to do this once. But then they wouldn’t have his knowledge with them. A poisoner. Joyah clenched her jaw at the thought. Mal had said they were people who created poisons for a living and then had someone else do the dirty work. It sounded cowardly. Then she shook her head. How could she think that of a friend?! Ruen was putting himself through strenuous work so he could use his knowledge for good. Shame crept up in her thoughts.
Joyah stopped for a moment and peered farther up the gorge. It stretched up and disappeared among the trees. She sighed. Not an end in sight. It had been exhilarating at first, but now it was just tiring.
It was a little before noon when Hasin called another break, for lunch this time. They all sat around on a large flat rock and shared some dried meat and bread. Joyah looked distastefully at her food as she thought longingly for the rice, duck, and fruits of the Guild of Angels.
“Agreed,” Jeff said, noticing her look.
“Double agreed,” Gilla added.
Jeff raised his eyebrows at her.
“What, no ‘I’m such a tough forester I’m used to all this you’re all wimps’?”
“Okay, so one, I’m not like that-”
“Yes you are,” they all chorused. Gilla glared at them before continuing.
"Two, no one likes trail food.”
“I like beef jerky,” Henna mumbled.
“You don’t count,” they chorused again.
It was around noon when they reached the end of the rocks. The boulders slowly dissipated into a slick slope covered in grass and shrubs pressed flat from the recent rain and mud slides. Small trees started popping up along the gorge. They provided more trustworthy hands and foot holds than the weeds. Going up the slope was much more dangerous than the rocks. There was a much greater chance of someone’s foot slipping out from under them. Joyah found she no longer had time for her mind to wander. She had to concentrate on getting her hands and feet to secure looking niches and to grabbing onto plants when the mud gave away beneath her.
The only warning she had was a small sliding noise and Henna’s foot connecting with her mouth. Joyah’s first reflex unfortunately was to strike out at the sudden source of pain, so although she managed to stop herself before she connected with her friend she was also unable to catch herself before she was falling backwards. Ala was behind her. The smaller girl had no chance of catching both Joyah and Henna. The three of them bowled over Ruen. Fortunately Hasin managed to grab onto a tree right before the four hit him. Unfortunately the tree was small and completely unprepared. It snapped and sent them tumbling down the hill.
Joyah had managed to not only get kicked in the nose, but to also slam the back of her head into the ground and take an elbow to the stomach. She finally came to a stop with her head awkwardly propped up on somebody and her legs up on Henna’s stomach. She carefully levered herself up on her elbows and craned her neck around. Jeff had all four of his limbs braced on the hill and had taken the group on his shoulder.
He glanced up at her. “Hurry please.”
Joyah scrambled to sit up. She got her feet under her and launched herself forward to grab strong looking plants on either side of Henna. Hasin took the tree that had broken under his weight and stabbed it into the ground like a pole. With a good base behind her and Joyah’s weight off her Ala managed to get her and her brother into stable positions. By then Henna had found good hands and feet holds of her own.
“Oh my gosh are you guys okay?!” Gilla shouted back.
Joyah looked behind her.
“Everyone good back there?” Everyone seemed fine, though a bit shaken. “We’re fine,” Joyah called up to her. “Jeff caught us.”
Henna looked stricken. “I, I can’t believe, I should have, it just all collapsed…”
“Don’t worry about it,” Joyah reassured her. “Any of us could have done it, and Jeff stopped us before it got carried away.”
She didn’t look reassured. “With all of my training, I should have…”
“It was just a mistake,” Jeff said. “Though I think we’d all appreciate it if you started moving again. We’d like to get into better positions.”
Henna started up again, still looking shaken. They stopped on the first flat spot they got to. Joyah sighed in relief as she sat on the thankfully flat ground. Jeff sat down beside her.
“Nice catch,” she said.
“Thanks,” he said. “I’m just glad I got braced in time.”
“So are we,” she agreed.
“I thank you for making up for my mistake,” Henna told him. “I feared I had doomed my friends to a fall all the way back down to the rocks below.”
“I doubt it would have been that bad,” Jeff said. “One of us would have caught something eventually.”
“Exactly,” Hasin cut in. “You really have nothing to feel sorry about, Lieutenant. Any one of us could have made the same mistake and any one of us could have just as easily stopped it. It wasn’t a big deal.”
“It was,” Henna said quietly. “We are trained not to make mistakes.”
“That is ridiculous,” Mal said sharply. “It is impossible for someone to make no mistakes. Beating yourself up for it is highly pointless. Nothing came from it so there is nothing to be ashamed of. No, do not argue. You might as.well move on to the real problems at hand. How much farther is this gorge going to go?”
Henna pulled out her map and unrolled it. She chewed on her thumb nail as she studied it.
“Er, Miss Fletcher, could you look at this?”
Gilla looked over her shoulder.
“We should be around here, so we have this much to go. We’re still going to get to the top a bit before dusk.”
“That means we’re going to be hiking for a couple more hours,” Joyah said. She ran a hand through her hair and looked farther up the gorge. “How long is this gorge?”
“It’s a pretty tall mountain, if you don’t remember,” Gilla told her. “And we have to eventually get all the way to the top.”
“Hey Henna,” Joyah said, ignoring her. “How easily could armored soldiers get up this way?” Henna rolled up the map.
“It would be difficult, but anywhere we go will be difficult. I believe it is doable.”
They started up again after everyone had gotten a drink of water. They didn’t have any more big disasters heading up to their next stop. They found a bunch of trees that they could brace their feet on to take another break. They continued up like they had been, taking frequent breaks and being ready to catch each other at the slightest slip. Joyah lost track of time. The world was just putting one hand or foot over another, pulling herself up each step.
“Top ho!” Gilla called. Joyah’s head shot up as someone behind her cheered. She strained to see around Henna. There it was, a section branching off onto a deer trail to their left up ahead.
“We made it, guys!” she said.
“We still have to get there,” Mal warned.
“Oh, stop being such a spoilsport!” Gilla said. “It’s not that far. For all intents and purposes we made it!”
It took them ten more minutes to get to the off trail. Joyah stood up and stretched when she made it to the flat ground.
“Oh, it feels so good to not be climbing.”
“Just imagine,” Jeff said as he pulled himself up behind her. “We’re going to have to do this again in a couple days.”
Gilla groaned and rubbed her shoulder.
“Don’t remind me.”
“Just be happy we’re up now, guys,” Joyah said. “We’ll deal with that when we get to it. Gilla, which way are we heading?”
She pointed upwards. “That way!”
“Going up,” Mal said. “Big surprise.”
Even walking up the steep hill was easier compared to what they’d been doing. The sun was sinking down towards the horizon as they went. Joyah shaded her eyes as she looked at the sky. “We’re going to have to stop for camp soon.”
“But it’s so early,” Gilla protested.
“We’re traveling on more dangerous terrain,” Joyah told her. “It’s one thing to trip in a forest. It’s another to trip on the side of a mountain.”
“Point made,” Gilla said reluctantly.
“I doubt that anyone else has noticed how unusually wide this trail is,” Hasin said. Joyah looked around. “If no one’s come here before then it should be just a small deer trail,” he continued. “This is wide enough to fit two deer at the same time. That’s highly unusual.”
“Hm, he’s right,” Gilla agreed. “That’s odd.”
“Any odd tracks?” Joyah asked. Gilla shook her head.
“Nothing out of the ordinary. Maybe it’s just naturally bigger.”
“Maybe,” Joyah agreed, unconvinced.
Suddenly something snapped around her ankles. Joyah dove to one side. She didn’t quite make it. She found herself being yanked into the air by her ankle. She could hear shouts and exclamations coming from her friends. The ground dropped away and bounced around beneath her.
When everything stopped bouncing Joyah looked down, which happened to be up since she was upside down. Her ankle was caught in a rope trap attached to a tree limb. She looked up (down) and found the ground to be an uncomfortably long distance away. She wasn’t the only one caught in the rope traps. Henna had also nearly made it out, but the rope had snagged her arm. Jeff and the twins all had failed to move in time and were hanging from their waists. Only Gilla, Mal, and Hasin were left on the ground. It seemed that Gilla had managed to walk by all the traps without springing them, Mal hadn’t gotten to them yet, and Hasin had rolled out of the way before his trap had caught him.
Joyah sat up to reach her ankle. Her first attempt failed. She caught the rope on her second try. She yanked at the knot to no avail. With a heavy sigh she flopped back down.
“A little help?”
Gilla looked like she was trying not to laugh. She knocked her bow and took aim at Joyah’s rope.
“Hold still.”
“Wait!” Joyah exclaimed. She grabbed her ankle again and with some effort managed to pull herself up. Then she grabbed the rope and pulled so her ankle was under her. Now she wouldn’t fall on her neck. She leaned as far away from the rope as she could so there was room for Gilla’s arrow. “Okay, go ahead.”
Gilla smirked and loosed an arrow. It easily cut through Joyah’s rope and dropped her to the ground. She hit the ground and rolled, ending in a crouch near her sword.
An arrow thumped into a tree a few feet from Gilla’s head. Suddenly a dozen people in greens and browns appeared from the trees. Most of them held bows, though some had other weapons. All of them had trained their assorted weapons on the four on the ground.
“Don’t move!” a girl called. “That was just a warning shot.”
“A warning shot?” Gilla scoffed. “You call that a warning shot? What was that, four feet off? Honestly, you couldn’t get it at least half a foot closer?” An arrow whizzed past the girl’s ear, making her jump a mile. “Now that,” Gilla said, now with an unnocked bow. “That was a warning shot.”
All of the people started yelling and tensing up, ready to fight.
“You just shot at our scout leader!” someone yelled.
“Hold!” the scout leader yelled before they could attack. The people stopped. She glared at Gilla. “Very funny. Now you’d better drop that bow and not try that again or you’ll see just how accurate we are. That goes for all of you, drop all your weapons. Now!” Everyone but Gilla reluctantly dropped their weapons. Joyah stood up slowly, her hands slightly raised and away from the sword at her feet.
“Look, I don’t know what this is about, but we’re not here to fight you. We’re just passing through.”
The girl scoffed. “Yeah right. Hey archer, I said drop the bow.”
Gilla held on tighter to her bow like a little kid trying to keep their teddy bear.
“No way, this is one of my favorites! I’m not letting it go just because some kid got angry!”
Joyah inwardly groaned. The scout leader took an angry step forward.
“This is your last warning. Drop it or get pin cushioned!”
“Gilla, just put down the bow,” Joyah told her. Gilla shook her head.
“Gilla,” Jeff called. “Put it down now. Please.” Gilla scowled up at him, but after a moment’s hesitation she dropped her bow. Her arrows and three of her four daggers followed.
“Good,” the girl said. “Now all of you keep your hands where we can see them. Don’t try anything funny.” She nodded to a boy standing next to her. He went into the trees. A moment later Jeff, Henna, and the twins dropped to the ground.
Joyah had had about enough of this. She stepped forward. Immediately most of the bows focused on her.
“Excuse me,” she said sharply. “I believe we have a right to know what is going on here.”
“You know exactly what’s going on here,” the scout leader said. “You scum aren’t getting away with your crimes. Don’t think we didn’t see the smoke from that poor town.”
“Oh,” Joyah said, dropping her hands. “You think we’re part of that super guild.”
“Of course you are,” the girl said. “You’ve been sent to find us. Too bad we found you first.”
“You’ve made a mistake,” Joyah told her. “We’re fighting them too. We’re on the same side.” The scout leader scoffed.
“Do you think we’re stupid? Search them,” she ordered a couple people on her left. They immediately stepped forward to search them. The girl searching Gilla found her last dagger and tossed it to the scout leader. Joyah looked around at the group surrounding them. They were all kids, their ages ranging from just barely Joyah’s age to a little younger than Jen. They were all rather dirty and scraggly like they hadn’t had a decent meal in a while. Their clothes looked badly hand-sewn and made out of random pieces of brown and green material. They all were rough and worn down, their eyes holding too much experience and distrust for their age.
Joyah caught the arm of the young girl searching her and spun her around so her arm was twisted behind her back. Joyah hooked her other arm around the girl’s throat. The circle of kids tensed.
“Don’t be stupid,” Joyah told them. “If so much as one of you makes a move I could easily break her neck.” The scout leader held up a hand to signal her scouts to hold. “Next time send someone with a little more experience in hand to hand combat,” Joyah advised her. Then she pushed the young girl at her. The scout leader caught her before she could fall and looked at Joyah with extreme distrust, and a bit of confusion.
“Look,” Joyah told them. “We really are on the same side. We were as horrified at the town as you were.”
“I doubt it,” the scout leader said quietly. For a moment Joyah caught a haunted look in her eyes. Then it was gone, and the girl was just as tough as before. “Alright you eight, start walking.” She gestured off into the trees to their right. As far as Joyah remembered from the maps there was nothing that way except a drop off. These people weren’t about to let them go.
“No,” Joyah said. She planted her feet and crossed her arms over her chest.
“You’re going to do as we say or we’ll shoot you,” the girl said sharply.
“You’ll just shoot us anyway,” she retorted.
“One of the first rules for surviving an attempt at kidnap is to not go with the kidnapper no matter what they do,” Jeff agreed. “Why would you let someone in that guild go? If we really were one of them then we’d just go get some assassins and kill you.”
“Hah, you admit it!” the girl exclaimed.
Jeff rolled his eyes. “No I didn’t. If we were part of that guild I wouldn’t have told you that.”
“You backstabbing thieves!” Henna shouted suddenly. “You dare ambush us! You are not worthy to clean the mud off our shoes!” Joyah groaned and pinched the bridge of her nose.
The scout leader bristled. “I knew it! You are one of them! You think you’re so special, but you’re just a group of murderers!”
“No,” Joyah said. “She’s just eccentric.”
“You may fight it but there’s no way around it,” Henna continued as if Joyah hadn’t spoken. “You’re a bandit with no honor, lower even than servants!”
“She’s worse than Gilla,” Jeff said.
“Hey!” Gilla said indignantly.
“Look,” Hasin said, stepping forward. The bows turned towards him. “We’re not here to fight you, but we will protect ourselves. So, there are two things you can do. You can either fight us, and trust me, none of you are even close to good enough to walk away from that unharmed, or you can stop yelling and actually listen to what we have to say.”
“What makes you think I’ll fall for your lies?” the girl asked heatedly. “We’ll know when you’re lying.”
“So what’s the problem?” Hasin asked. “You won’t have to fight us and if there’s no chance for you to be swayed by our words then it’s a win-win situation for you.”
The girl stopped to think about that. “Fine,” she said at last. She waved for her scouts to lower their weapons a bit. “Start talking.”
“Henna,” Joyah said. “Shut up.”
Henna looked outraged.
“How dare-”
“SHUT IT!” Joyah bellowed, turning to stare right into Henna’s eyes. The lieutenant’s eyes widened and her mouth fell open a bit. Then she snapped it shut and turned away angrily. Joyah looked to the rest of her friends. Jeff gestured for her to go ahead. Taking a small breath Joyah faced the scout leader. “For the past couple weeks we’ve been traveling across Gorem. We found something the guild wanted and they’ve been trying to kill us too since. We’re scouting out a path up the mountain so we can take the object to a place it can be safe.” The girl raised an eyebrow.
“Do you think we’re stupid? Do you honestly expect a story like that to sway us? I thought you’d be clever enough to at least come up with something believable.”
Before Joyah could make a retort another girl pushed through the line. She was older than most of the kids, just a little taller than Joyah and around the same age. She had dark brown hair pulled back into a pony tail and serious brown eyes. She wore a hunter’s hat and had a quarter staff slung across her back. The scouts all looked surprised.
“What is this object?” she asked Joyah. She still had the mistrust of the others, but she also seemed to be interested in Joyah’s story.
“I can’t tell you,” Joyah answered. “If they find out you know then they’ll stop at nothing to kill you.”
“They already want to kill us,” the new girl answered. “No one before you has managed to find a way past the brambles.” Joyah shook her head.
“I’m sorry,” she said. “We can’t take the chance.”
The girl narrowed her eyes at her. Finally she said, “We’re taking them back to camp.”
“But, Chieftess-” the scout leader began.
The chieftess cut her off. “I said we’re bringing them back to camp.” After a moment’s hesitation the scout leader bowed her head.
“Yes, Chieftess.”
The cheiftess disappeared into the woods to their left. The ring of scouts ushered them after her.
Joyah left her friends and hurried to catch up with her. The scouts aimed their bows at her chest to stop her. The chieftess looked over her shoulder and slowed down until she was even with Joyah.
“Why are you taking us to your camp?” she asked.
“I may believe your story,” the chieftess told her. “I was watching you for a while and you don’t act like a guild member.”
Joyah looked at her sideways. “How long were you watching us?”
“Since you came into sight at the top of the gorge,” the girl answered.
“Huh,” Joyah said. “You’re good.”
“You were a little distracted,” the girl answered.
After a couple minutes Joyah caught sight of two more people sitting in some trees ahead of them. Once they got closer one of the two jumped down in front of the chieftess. They spoke quietly for a moment before the kid climbed back into the tree and the little party went on its way.
“You’re rather organized,” Joyah commented.
“We’ve been doing this for a while,” she said. They stopped just at the edge of close grown trees. The chieftess turned to her captives. “You’re going to have to wear blindfolds. We can’t take any chances.” Joyah frowned in thought for a moment.
“If we put them on then we’ll be completely at your mercy. I’m not willing to put myself at the mercy of people who just tried to kill me.”
“But you also don’t want to start a fight with us,” the chieftess said.
“You don’t want to start a fight with us more,” Gilla pointed out. “We could take on everyone here in a matter of minutes.”
“Listen,” Jeff said. “We can come up with a compromise here. How about you let one of us keep the blindfold off?” The girl didn’t look convinced.
“Then there will still be one of you who knows what our camp looks like.”
“But it’ll be easier for you to watch that one person than all of us,” he said. “All you’d have to do is make sure that the one doesn’t make it out.” She thought about it for a moment.
“Deal. Who do you want to be able to see?”
Jeff looked over his shoulder at everyone else. They all nodded.
“Her,” he said, pointing to Joyah. The scouts went around blindfolding all of her friends. Joyah stood next to the chieftess, watching.
“If any of yours hurts any of mine I’ll kill you first,” Joyah told her quietly.
“Don’t worry,” she answered. “It’ll be the same with me.” Once everyone was set they stepped out of the trees into a clearing.
The clearing was large. To one side farther up the mountain were some rickety looking wooden buildings. Most of them looked large enough to fit only one room.  The largest was slightly in front of the others and was about twice the size of the rest. Very young children were helping older children do some chores outside the smaller buildings. To the right side was a flat open area that had targets and badly made straw dummies. Kids of all ages were practicing with bows and other various weapons while a couple older kids overviewed them.
“What exactly do you do here?” Joyah asked.
“I can’t answer that yet,” the chieftess said. “Don’t forget you’re still our prisoners.” They headed towards the largest building. As they went some of the younger kids stopped what they were doing.
“Look, Chieftess is back!”
“Chieftess, look what I just learned!”
“Who do they have with them?”
“Yay, we have prisoners!”
“Lurie,” the chieftess told the scout leader. “Go find Fen, Dewu, and the other officers. I’m calling a meeting in the hall.”
“Fine,” Lurie said. She glared at Joyah before running off towards the field.
“The rest of you,” the chieftess told the scouts. “I want guards around the hall and those weapons locked up tight. I don’t want to take any chances.” They either saluted or nodded really enthusiastically before hurrying to their positions. Joyah caught a couple of whispers.
“The Chieftess gave me a direct order!”
“Cool!”
“They adore you,” she commented to the girl. The chieftess shrugged.
“This way.” She led them inside the larger building, what Joyah assumed was the “hall.”
Two scouts stood inside the door on either side. The inside of the building was one simple room. A long table took up most of the floor space with a dozen chairs gathered around it. A small, badly made bookcase had some sheets of paper and clean slates. The chieftess closed the door behind them.
“You may take off the blindfolds now.”
Joyah’s friends removed the thin strips of cloth and looked around.
“Go stand over there,” she said, pointing to the far left corner. Obediently they went to the corner and waited. A moment later the door opened again and eleven people walked in. The front two went to stand with the chieftess, who had moved to the far right corner. One of them was a plain looking boy, the other a tall, sandy-blond haired girl. The girl wore her hair in a ponytail and had a thin cream tank top that clearly showed many scars crisscrossing her arms and shoulders. The most pronounced ones looked like someone had at one point driven a hook under each collar bone.
The rest of the officers took their places around the table. They all were throwing Joyah’s group distrusting glances. When they were all settled the chieftess spoke. “As you can see we’ve taken some prisoners. This group was found going up the south trail.”
“That trail is impassible,” someone said.
“They passed the brambles using the gorge,” she told him. “You missed that possibility.” He looked abashed.
“I’ll have my team go and fix it after this meeting.”
“Good,” she said. “As I was saying, they claim that they aren’t a part of that guild of murderers. They say they’ve been keeping the guild from getting their hands on a valuable object for the past couple weeks, which puts them on our side.”
“Yeah right,” the tall girl, most likely Fen, said. There was no scoff in her voice, just hardness and anger. “They lead you into believing them, trusting them, and then they turn on you. They’ve done it before and they’ll do it again.”
“And that’s why we need to stop them!” Gilla cut in. “They’re liars and cut throats are we’re going to kick their asses!” Fen narrowed her eyes at her before turning to the chieftess.
“An, why are they here? Typical procedure is to walk them off the nearest cliff.”
“I’m not sure they were lying,” An answered.
“Of course they’re lying! What else could they be doing?” someone exclaimed. An looked at Joyah.
“Their story was too crazy. Everyone we’ve encountered has either come up with an intricate story or just plain tried to kill us. Why would someone tell us such an idiotic sounding story?”
“Because they’re idiots,” the person said.
“They’re not wearing the hoods,” the plain boy, Dewu, observed.
“So they got smart,” another girl said.
“But their hoods are more important to them than their weapons,” Dewu said. “They’d never leave them behind unless it was completely necessary, even to fool us.”
Joyah was about ready to cut in, she didn’t like being referred to like she wasn’t there, but Jeff cut in instead.
“Do you have something to draw on?”
Everyone but An looked surprised. She just raised her eyebrows and reached behind her to take a slate and piece of chalk. She passed them to him. Jeff took them and started drawing. When he was done he flipped it around for them to see.
“This is a rough and very bad drawing of the Connarist necklace.” Joyah could not believe he was doing this. “It’s an ancient artifact that the super guild wants very badly. It was split up into five pieces and hidden. A couple weeks ago we found that jewel in the center. Now we’re taking it up the mountain to a place it will be safe.”
Silence met his story. Then a couple of the officers started laughing.
“Do you honestly expect us to believe that?” one of the girls who had spoken before asked.
“Yes,” Jeff said. He set the slate on the table. He turned to An and spoke directly to her. “Look, I don’t know what it is you people are doing here, but I do know this. You’re a leader. All you want to do is keep your people safe. If you interfere with what we’re doing then your people are going to get hurt.” Once again his words were met with silence.
After a pause An said, “Everyone in this camp comes from families that have been ripped apart by the guild. A year or two ago a couple of us came together to fight them. We are the Resistance. We can’t do much, but we raid them and try to disrupt their missions as best we can. We keep the people of this area safe, so if you really are part of the guild then it is our business and we have to interfere.”
The officers looked about as shocked at her honesty as Joyah’s group did at Jeff’s. Joyah looked around the room. She thought back to all of the kids outside in the camp.
“All of those kids are victims?” How many families had the Assassins destroyed? How much pain had they created? Joyah clenched her hands into fists. “You need to let us go.”
“I can’t,” An said. “Not until I know for sure you’re-”
“I don’t care,” Joyah cut her off. “We’ve given you all the evidence we have that we’re on your side. Why did you bring us here if you’re just going to keep questioning our motives? Either you’re going to start giving us a reason that we should stay a little longer or we are marching out that door, because we’ve wasted too much time here already.”
“Joyah,” Jeff said warningly.
For the first time An was starting to look angry.
“I have an establishment to run. Do you know how hard it is to keep people safe while still managing to stop a mega guild from gaining a complete hold on the surrounding countryside? And yet here I am bending over backwards to try to understand what’s going on with you so I don’t have to just kill you.”
“I have a lot of respect for what you people are doing here,” Joyah answered. “And no, I don’t know how hard it is. But I’m done playing nice little prisoner. You don’t have the power to keep us here, so start giving us a reason to not just walk out.”
“How about thirty armed people ready to jump into a fight?” An demanded. “Is that good enough for you? I’m the only reason you haven’t been attacked yet.”
“Your soldiers are children,” Joyah told her. “They may be able to handle guerilla warfare against unsuspecting guildsmen, but they won’t be able to stop us.”
“These ‘children’ have gone through more pain than you’ll ever experience!” An said angrily. “Have you ever lost your entire family? Have you ever been tortured?”
“No, I haven’t!” Joyah said. “But life experience doesn’t make a warrior! Training does, and half of us here have been training since we could barely walk!”
“I don’t care how privileged you were!” An said. “We have been fighting, standing for something, way longer than you! You can’t just walk into our section of the forest and belittle everything we’ve done!”
“I’m not trying to belittle you!” Joyah exclaimed. “But I am done with playing captive! We’ve got more important things to be doing than humoring every freedom fighting group we come across!”
“Enough!” Jeff yelled. The two girls stopped and looked at him. “Why don’t you just listen to yourselves!” he exclaimed. “You’re both on the same side! Why are you fighting? An, do you really want to risk your men just because you couldn’t try to put some trust in someone? Joyah, do you really want to have to fight your way through a bunch of kids?”
“No,” Joyah answered. “You know I’d never want that.”
“Then maybe you should shut up and try to be friendly.”
“I did,” Joyah said, looking at An. “But they still won’t listen.”
“Why’d you get so angry all of a sudden?” Dewu asked her quietly. Joyah closed her eyes.
“So many people here have been hurt. I can’t just stand around when something like that happens. Something has to be done about it.”
“We are doing something about it,” An said. “We’re fighting them.”
“But the only way I can do something about it is by finishing my mission,” Joyah told her. “And I can’t do it here. That’s why we need to go if nothing good is going to come out of staying here.”
An looked at her for a long moment. Joyah wondered what was going on through her head. Finally she said, “Either you are very good at lying or telling the truth.”
“Which one do you think I am?” she asked. An shrugged.
“That’s not totally up for me to decide.” She turned to the officers. The officers all looked very unsure.
Finally Dewu said, “What if we keep them around for the rest of the day and see how they react? We might get some more insight on whether they’re telling the truth or lying.”
An nodded slowly. “If they’re telling the truth we will have gained an ally, and if they’re lying then we can still walk them off the nearest cliff.” The officers didn’t look incredibly happy with the idea, but they agreed.
Joyah raised her eyebrows at her friends in question.
“Why not?” Mal said.
“Can I have my bow back now?” Gilla asked.
“Once we’re sure you’re not going to betray us,” An told her.
“It had better not be damaged when I get it back or we’re going to have some trouble,” Gilla said, pointing at An threateningly.
“She’s not serious,” Jeff cut in.
Gilla looked indignant. “Yes, I am!”
“So what now?” Joyah asked.
“Well, we’ll have to assign you guards,” An said, thinking. “And the three of us are going to keep a close eye on you, but I guess you get free reign of the camp. As soon as one of you does anything slightly suspicious all of you are getting dragged straight back here, got it?”
“Uh-huh,” Joyah agreed. What could someone do that was slightly suspicious? An clapped her hands.
“Alright, everyone back to your posts! This camp isn’t going to run itself! Ji, I want three people assigned to each of them. Make sure they’re on guard. Fen, Dewu, you two should hang around too just in case.”
The girl who had spoken against them before, Ji apparently, ran out. The rest of officers filed out, casting last distrustful looks back at them. An looked at Jeff. Jeff looked at the rest of them. The rest of them looked at Joyah.
Joyah sighed. “Why do I always have to be the one to start things?”
Gilla rolled her eyes and led the way out of the hall.
Twenty four wary looking teens were waiting for them. Ji was finishing splitting them up into threes and assigning them to each person.
“… and you three will stay with that sly talking, aggressive, belittling redhead.”
“Geez,” Joyah said to Jeff. “I’ve never had someone hate me that fast.”
“I wonder what she called me,” he said thoughtfully.
“She left out almost all physical characteristics and went with personality traits,” she said. “What happens if I start acting completely different?”
“You do realize that you’re the only redhead in our group, right?” Gilla asked. “She could have said, ‘you three stick with the red head,’ and they would have been able to pick you out.”
“If you three would stop mumbling and giggling amongst yourselves then perhaps you should join us,” Mal said wryly. “We have to get busy not looking suspicious.”
“That’s ‘slightly suspicious’,” Gilla corrected. “You forgot the ‘slightly’.”
“So under that logic could we act incredibly suspicious and not get in trouble?” Jeff asked. An was staring at them.
“You three change moods faster than anyone I have ever met.”
Joyah decided it was time to stop being silly.
“So what now? We just wander around while you guys warily follow us?”
“Think of it as a test run,” An told her.
Joyah looked at her friends and shrugged. She turned and started down the hill towards the training field. An kept in step with her.
“So how long are we going to keep this up? This place isn’t that big, and as I said before we have places we need to be.”
“As long as it takes to make sure you’re not evil,” An said.
“And if we aren’t?” Joyah asked. An shrugged.
“We’ll see.”
“Where are you from?” An asked Jeff. “You don’t seem like a country kid.”
“I’m not,” he told her. “Gilla, Archie and I are from Guem. Actually, my father’s the Constable there.”
“The Constable,” An said. “Upholding justice. That’s a job I would have liked. You must be very proud of him.” Jeff smiled.
“Definitely.”
“I never did catch your names,” she said.
“I’m Jeffery Raymond,” he told her. “This is Joyah Pain, Gilla Fletcher, Mallew Archibald, and Henna Lyre.”
“And,” Joyah added, giving Jeff a look, “Hasin Starling, Ala, and Ruen.”
“I’m An, but people here often call me Chieftess. This is Fen and Dewu, my second and third in command.”
“How’d you end up as Chieftess?” Jeff asked her. Fen elbowed her in the ribs and shook her head.
“It’s not like I’m giving away information,” An told her. Then she told Jeff, “My town was ransacked while Dewu, a couple other children, and I were out playing. After that he came up with the idea of creating the Resistance. I got dragged into it and took charge so everyone wouldn’t starve the first winter. After that people just kept joining.”
“Is that how you came along?” Joyah asked Fen.
Fen stopped suddenly and faced her squarely.
“My family tried to bargain with that guild to leave our town alone. They invited us to their headquarters to negotiate, where upon they took us and tortured us for a week straight. Do you know what they do to people there?”
Joyah shook her head. She wasn’t sure she wanted to know what they did to people there.
“First they hang them by their collar bones,” Fen said, jabbing Joyah just above each collar bone. “Then they whip you, peel your skin off, cut off pieces of your fingers and toes-”
“I get the picture,” Joyah cut in.
“By the time An and her group attacked the outpost and stumbled upon us I was the only one left alive,” Fen continued. “When I recovered An saw my determination and insight, and she made me her second. Is that what you wanted to hear, girl? Is that enough backstory for you?”
“Fen,” Joyah said quietly. “I don’t think I can ever understand what you went through. But I want to do what I can, just like you.”
Fen looked away, looking hurt from the memories.
“Words are deceiving. I can’t trust you.”
“I do not doubt your story,” Mal said. “But it doesn’t sound like something the guild would do. They’d never make the mistake of doing something so noisy. Do you know about any other way they may have changed their tactics?”
“How do you know what they will or won’t do?” An asked sharply.
“I left their group when I realized what they were,” he told her.
“What?!”
“An, calm down,” Jeff said. They didn’t seem to hear him. Suddenly the guards had their weapons drawn and aimed at the small group.
“It’s not what you think it is!” Joyah said, but her voice was lost under the yelling from the ring around them.
“Once a guildsman, always a guildsman,” Fen snarled.
“Destroy them!” someone yelled.
“Wait a moment!” An shouted, but it was too late. Fen drew her light mace and swung it at Mal. Joyah leaped forward and caught her wrist, twisted so she dropped the mace, and then caught it. An leaped forward to take the mace from Joyah. Out of the corner of her eye Joyah saw Henna grab a dagger Ala had somehow managed to conceal.
“Henna no!” Joyah yelled. “She’s not going to hurt-” but it was too late. In horror she watched Henna drive the blade into An’s stomach. An staggered back, clutching at the handle, her face white. Then she toppled to the ground.
The group gasped. Joyah grabbed Henna’s shoulder.
“What have you done?!”
“Kill them!” Dewu shouted.
“Run!” Joyah yelled. They broke through the ring of guards before they had time to react.
“We need to find our weapons!” Gilla called.
Joyah strained her memory. Where had she seen the scouts take their weapons?
“This way!” she said, changing direction to a small shack near the training field.
They were only a couple feet from the shack when a horn sounded three times followed by Fen’s voice.
“Traitors have infiltrated the camp! They’ve stabbed our Chieftess! Stop them before they get away!”
Two kids were standing guard outside the shack. Joyah ducked under the first arrow and flipped the girl over her head. She grabbed the boy’s wrist and hooked her ankle behind his knee, gently collapsing it to bring him down. She took his sword. “Don’t try anything,” she warned them. Then to her friends she said, “Try not to hurt anyone if you don’t have to. Go get our stuff.” She and Hasin stood guard outside the door. They could hear everyone else noisily searching through the contents inside. Everyone in the training field was bearing down on the shack. If they didn’t get out soon they’d be surrounded. “Hurry up!” Joyah called.
Gilla came out and handed them their swords.
“Arrows,” she said. The three of them ducked. A dozen or so arrows bit into the wall behind them.
Joyah looked around to find the archers from the archery ring preparing another round of volleys.
“Come on!” she yelled through door. “We can’t get surrounded!”
“We can’t find all of our bags,” Jeff called back.
“Then leave them,” she answered. Jeff passed Joyah her katana through the door.
The rest of them came out just as the first scouts got there. Joyah dropped the sword she’d taken from the boy. A girl attacked her with a light mace much like Fen used. Joyah dodged her swing and half drew her sword, ramming the handle into her stomach. The girl doubled in half. Another scout shot over his friend’s back. Joyah tilted her head sideways so the arrow went past her ear. Before she could attack Hasin brought the hilt of his sword down on the base of the boy’s skull. He dropped like a stone.
“You two take the lead,” Joyah told Hasin and Jeff. “I’ll cover the back.” The two boys led them on a diagonal path angling towards the way they’d come. The scouts scrambled to cut them off.
“Watch out for the archers!” Gilla yelled as they ran. “Most of these people will try to shoot you instead of fight you! They’re more dangerous.”
“Can you take out any without hurting them?” Joyah asked. Their pace slowed as they encountered some of the scouts.
“No,” Gilla answered. “I can minorly injure them. My weapon isn’t the greatest at nonlethal damage.”
“Watch it!” Mal called. They had nearly made it to the trees when archers stepped out of nowhere and fired at them. They scrambled to avoid the arrows. Joyah felt one knick her ear. Jeff picked up two small shields someone had dropped on the training field and tossed one to Hasin. The two of them held the shields up and charged the line of archers.
Joyah turned around to face behind them. Another line of archers had formed behind them.
“Watch your backs,” she warned just as the archers fired. One arrow struck her thigh, making her stumble. Short-ranged attacks she could deal with. Long-ranged attacks were much harder. She heard some cries of pain from her friends behind her. They had come so close only to be shot down here. So, she did something very stupid. She charged the archers.
The archers fired at her. Joyah dove underneath the arrows and rolled to her feet only a few feet away. She grabbed the bow of the scout in front of her and yanked it out of his hands. The boy stepped back as his friends on either side scrambled to reload. Joyah whipped the bow across horizontally, smacking them both and dislodging their arrows. She dropped the bow and drew Addri’s dagger. She jumped forward and cut the string of one of the bows aiming for her right before it fired.
Disorganized without their leader, half of the archers turned and ran. The other half converged on her. They were unable to use their bows in such a short distance, but almost all of them had a blade of some sort. Joyah caught the wrist of someone trying to drive a dagger towards her eyes. She turned and used the person’s momentum to deflect the dagger someone had been trying to get to her with from behind. Then she dropped and rolled backwards under a taller scout’s legs. She came up behind him and kicked him in the small of his back. Someone grabbed her hair, but she reached back and ducked to flip the girl over her head. A foot connected with the arrow sticking out of her thigh, tearing it away. Joyah gritted her teeth in pain and slammed the hilt of her dagger into the guy’s forehead.
Joyah had fought against large odds before. She’d taken on five assassins, fifteen thugs, and three crocodiles. The scouts were not as tough as assassins, but twenty of the thirty people there were now pouring down on her. Not to mention the scouts coming in from their posts every minute they continued fighting. Even for someone who could take on five assassins couldn’t defeat that number. Joyah found herself tiring. No matter how many scouts she took down two more just took their place.
A lucky someone somehow managed to hook their foot behind her ankle. Joyah fell backwards. She rolled with the fall, but when she came up her back hit a tree. If she could just get around the base of the trunk she could run for it, but the scouts had formed a semicircle around her. Someone stepped forward and drove a dagger down at her skull.
Thunk. An arrow embedded itself into the person’s arm. He dropped the dagger and fell back, knocking over his friends in the process. For a moment an opening broke in the circle. “Come on!” Gilla yelled. Joyah shot to her feet and was gone before the scouts could stop her.
Gilla was waiting for her just farther in the forest.
“What in the abyss do you think you’re doing?!” Gilla yelled. “You nearly got yourself killed! I’m supposed to be the reckless one, not you!”
“I had to give you guys a chance to escape,” Joyah panted. “Those archers would have killed us all if they weren’t broken up.” Gilla shook her head slowly.
“Don’t disappear and scare me like that. Come on, the others will be freaking out and those scouts will be here any second.”
Gilla led Joyah back along the way An had led them not too long ago. They caught up to the rest of the group at the top of the gorge.
“Are you alright?” Jeff asked. “Gilla wouldn’t let us go back with her.”
“I’m fine,” Joyah assured him. She noticed the broken off tip of an arrow sticking out of his upper arm. “How about all of you?”
“No serious injuries,” he told her. “A couple arrows, but none of them hit anything important.” A noise came from the woods behind them. Joyah looked over her shoulder.
“We should get going.”
“If we go down the gorge we’ll be sitting ducks,” Jeff said.
“We don’t have much of a choice,” she said.
As they carefully stepped out onto the slippery gorge trail Hasin suggested, “Gilla and Ala should stay in the back. They can keep the archers off our backs.”
“Sure!” Gilla said. Joyah stayed close to the two of them to catch them if they slipped.
Going down was harder than going up. It was much trickier to keep themselves from slipping on the muddy slope. They hadn’t gone far when a line of archers appeared at the top of the gorge. Gilla loosed an arrow, forcing them to draw back.
“The first person to shoot gets an arrow in the stomach!” she told them.
“No major injuries,” Joyah reminded her.
Gilla gave her an annoyed look over her shoulder.
“I know, but they don’t need to.”
The archers appeared at the top of the gorge again, but they didn’t fire. Gilla, who was walking backwards, slipped. Joyah put a hand on her friend’s back to keep her upright. Ala raised her tiny crossbow more threateningly to make sure the archers didn’t get the idea of using the moment as an opening.
It was rather nerve wracking going down the hill with a bunch of unfriendly archers taking aim at their backs. Eventually they made it back to the rocks without any disastrous incidents. By that time the scouts had gone out of sight. The sky had long since blackened into night and the moon was high in the sky. They kept descending, though. There was no way they could stop to sleep with the scouts searching for them in the forest. They took a break on the rocks to bandage their wounds before continuing down.
By the time they reached the bottom of the gorge everyone was nearly asleep on their feet. They dragged themselves back the half hour walk to the compound. It seemed to take much longer going back than it had going up. Finally Joyah spotted a white cloaked figure in a tree farther up the trail. When they got closer the person jumped down. Henna talked with him a moment before they were allowed to continue. Henna led them up the trick cliff and they were back in the compound. The sky was starting to turn pink overhead. They walked the familiar hallways to their rooms where they mumbled something that could be taken as a goodnight to Henna before going inside and collapsing on their mats.


Chapter 23
The Demonstration


Joyah had a strange dream. She was climbing. She looked below her and saw the cliff she was on go on down into an abyss. She looked up and saw it went up almost towards the clouds. Up on top she could barely see two figures. It was Henna and An. They were fighting each other at the edge of the cliff. Joyah tried to call to them, tell them they were on the same side and had to stop before it was too late, but her voice came out as a weak hiss. She tried to climb faster. She had to get there in time to stop them, but every time she pushed or pulled herself up her momentum would stop dead and she wouldn’t go anywhere. She looked up at them again desperately. They had to stop! In horror she saw Henna once again draw a dagger. Joyah screamed, but her voice still hissed. This time, though, it was An who grabbed the dagger and stab it into the other girl’s chest. Even from that distance Joyah could hear her friend scream.
Joyah opened her eyes. She was lying on her back staring at a white ceiling. She rolled over and looked around. She was in the girl’s room of the Guild of Angels compound. Gilla was still asleep across from her, her face glowing in the sun from the window. Joyah rolled over again so she was facing the wall and closed her eyes. Today she was sleeping in.
Joyah dreamed again. Only this time she wasn’t herself, she was another girl. That girl was running through some tunnels. She ran headlong into a boy, but instead of crashing into him they were both suddenly in a sunny meadow. A great monster, a dark cat-like thing, was crouching near them, ready to pounce. The girl stepped up, holding up the spear she apparently had had the whole time. The monster jumped. She braced the end of the spear on the ground so the monster fell on the tip. But then it wasn’t a monster. It was An, staggering backwards and holding the hilt of the dagger Joyah had just stabbed her with. Joyah looked at her bloody hands with horror.
“I’m so sorry!” she cried. “I didn’t mean it!” But then a great swarm of shadows leaped at her, burying her so she could no longer see the sun.
Joyah opened her eyes again. She rubbed them and blinked at the room. Gilla was sitting up on her mat and looking around.
“Man, my dreams stink,” she said.
“Mine too,” Joyah agreed. “They all ended with someone getting stabbed. What were yours like?”
“I’m standing next to a pool,” Gilla said. “I can’t move or turn my head, but I can hear two people. A boy is laughing, the other one, a girl, is screaming. Suddenly I’m standing on a wall looking over at the sea. The sea is bashing at the wall, breaking it down around me. Then I see this great red dragon trying to keep the sea away from the wall. I know someone’s supposed to be there to help her, but the person’s missing. I try to scream out a warning to her, but before I can the waves rise up and drag her under.”
“Geez,” Joyah said. “Talk about a downer ending.”
“Not any more downer than yours,” she pointed out.
“But at least mine somewhat relate to what we’ve been through,” Joyah said. “Yours are just weird.” Gilla stuck her tongue out at her before lying back down.
“I’m going back to sleep.”
Joyah sat up and pushed back the covers. Her eyes fell on the bandage wrapped around her thigh. Blood was starting to soak through. That wasn’t good. She’d have to go find the infirmary to have that dealt with.
She stood up and stretched. Her arm and back muscles protested. They’d have to get used to so much climbing. Joyah checked the time before heading out the door. It was nearly noon. Someone had left a tray with some breakfast food just inside their door. She took a piece of toast with her before going out into the hallways.
The people in the compound were already in full swing of their day. Joyah weaved through the throng of people going about their day in search of Henna. She could ask any one of them how to get to the infirmary, but she remembered how Henna had reacted the last time someone else had done her job for her.
She found her friend just outside the room where the officer meeting had been two days before. Henna had her uniform back on again, though she had left off the armor.
“Giving an early report?” Joyah asked as she approached.
“It is good to be prompt and punctual,” Henna said. “They offered to give us another assignment, but I turned it down on your behalf. I thought you’d want a day off. That’s okay, right?”
“Definitely,” Joyah agreed. “Do you have time to take me to the infirmary? I’d like to have this looked at.”
“Sure,” she said. “This way. Does anyone else need to see our healers?”
“I don’t know,” Joyah said. “Gilla wants to keep sleeping and I didn’t knock on the boys’ door in case they want the same. You can ask them later.”
The infirmary was a large room filled with rows of white mats. Some of the mats were filled. Healers went around between the mats checking on the patients.
“Do you have a lot of injuries here?” Joyah asked. Henna shrugged.
“Just the amount you’d expect. Military accidents happen, people get hurt on scouting trips, a kid falls outside, the usual. We have this space in case we must defend ourselves in a real battle.”
“Has that ever happened?” she asked.
“We’ve had skirmishes with the Assassins,” Henna told her. “Those who are seriously injured come here. We’ve never had to defend our fortress.”
Henna respectfully asked one of the healers to take a look at Joyah’s wound. After taking a look, the healer had her sit on an empty mat while she went to get the supplies. She numbed it and stitched it up before re-bandaging it. She also checked the other smaller cuts and scrapes Joyah had gotten. After she was all done Joyah thanked her and the two girls went to leave.
As they were going out they ran into Jeff coming in.
“Oh, hi,” Joyah said. “How’re you doing?”
“As fine as can be expected,” he said wryly. “You?”
“The same,” she said. “What’s up with the rest of the guys?”
“Mal’s still sleeping. Starling was gone when I woke up.”
“Gilla’s planning on sleeping in longer too,” Joyah said. “I think I’ll wait for you here.”
“Do you mind if I go?” Henna asked. “I have some things I need to attend to, and I’m pretty sure at least one of you has become rather adept at find the way around on his own.” Jeff grinned.
“Sure. I’ll make sure Joyah doesn’t get lost.”
Henna nodded before sweeping out the door.
After Jeff had finished his visit to the infirmary they went walking back to their rooms to see if someone had left them lunch, if Gilla and Mal had woken up yet, or both. When they arrived they found that Mal was still asleep but Gilla was up and already eating lunch. They joined her.
“So, last night sucked,” Jeff commented as he took a piece of bread. Gilla laughed wryly.
“No kidding.”
“I just can’t get the picture of An out of my head,” Joyah said. “I was so sure we’d be able to work something out.”
“Maybe if someone hadn’t walked up and stabbed her,” Gilla said.
“They were so full of hate,” Jeff said quietly. “So much pain. That girl, Lurie, I bet she was a survivor from whatsitcalled town.”
Joyah nodded solemnly. She remembered the pain in her eyes when she mentioned the town at the base of the mountain.
“Starting a group like that is exactly what I would have done,” Jeff said.
“They weren’t half bad at what they did either,” Gilla commented. “They had good technique with those bows.”
“They’re better than the average person,” Joyah agreed. Those scouts had been harder to take out than the thugs back in Guem and Tayne.
“And now we’ve made them our enemies,” Jeff said.
“And now we’ve made them our enemies,” Joyah agreed.
“We suck at making friends,” Gilla said.
Henna joined them a little after they were finished eating.
“The Five Mystics of Angels have called a meeting for a demonstration tonight,” she announced with excitement.
“What are they demonstrating?” Gilla asked. Henna gave her a wink.
“It’s a surprise. All of you will be in places of honor.”
“You’re in a good mood,” Joyah commented.
“There’s always a big ceremony and celebration when they do things like this,” Henna said. “It’s very exciting!”
“Can’t wait,” Jeff said. “We could use something uplifting right about now.”
“Oh, and before I forget,” Henna added to Joyah. “The Five Mystics of Angels would also like to meet you in the Ancient Library to start the translations of their tomes. Do, do you really speak the Olden Tongue?!” Joyah grinned.
“Of course,” she said in Olden. Henna’s eyes widened.
“That’s amazing!” she said in Ancient. “You really are the most interesting person I’ve met.”
After a little while Henna took Joyah back through the hallways to the entrance of the mystic’s halls. Once again a mystic met them at the door. This time it was a boy a little younger than Joyah, most likely an apprentice. Henna bowed curtly to him before turning on her heel and marching away. Joyah looked after her sadly for a moment before following the boy inside. Something needed to be done with the treatment the mystics were giving everyone else.
The Ancient Library was much like the rest of the compound. It was pure white and had many open windows. The different sections of the library were separated with large, decorated arches. Each room was filled with white bookshelves covered with very old and expensive-looking books and scrolls. The boy led her through the different sections until they came to an arch that was blocked with a great golden gate. Two guards stood outside the gate.
“Miss Joyah Pain,” the boy announced. The guards bowed respectfully before stepping aside and opening a door. The boy gestured for her to go through. Joyah smiled thanks at the guards before passing through the gate, which they closed behind her.
There was a smaller room beyond. It was much like the rooms before it except there was a low table in the center and the floor was covered with a white rug decorated with silver flower designs. One of the Five Mystics of Angels was kneeling on a silver cushion on the other side of the table. It was the other male mystic. He smiled at her as she came in and gestured to the red cushion across from him.
“It is a pleasure to have you here, Miss Pain. I am Jedu.”
“The pleasure is mine.” She knelt on the red cushion. “I believe you have some texts that you would like me to translate?”
“Yes.” He took some scrolls from the table and slid them across to her. They looked so old she was afraid to touch them.
“These are our eldest and most valuable texts. We were hoping you would start with them.”
“Sure.”
He also gave her a quill with ink and a large stack of empty journals. Joyah carefully unrolled the first scroll. It crackled and bits of the pages fell away into dust at her touch. She sucked in her breath.
“Here,” he said. “I have more experience with delicate scrolls.” He stood and came over to her side of the table. Carefully he unrolled the pages for her so they didn’t disintegrate.
Joyah carefully copied down the ancient scrolls for most of the rest of the day. Jedu helped her with the more delicate ones and provided her with any materials she might need. What she read in those texts were amazing feats that opened her mind to possibilities she couldn’t have dreamed of. Some of the things the ancient mystics described doing were beyond what she was capable of, but some of them seemed actually doable.
By the time dinner time came around Joyah’s hand was so cramped she felt like she’d never move it into a different position again. She set down the quill and rubbed at her hand, trying to get some feeling other than pain into it.
“Enough,” Jedu said, rolling up the scroll she was working on and removing the journals. “You have done a great deed for us today. No one would expect you of more.”
“No problem,” she said, still rubbing her hand. “What time would you like me to come in tomorrow?”
“We would be honored if you would come as soon as possible to continue.”
“Okay,” she said. She stood up and stretched. Her muscles protested after being in the same position for so long. “I’ll see you tomorrow. Thank you for having me.”
The guards opened the gate for her. The same apprentice was waiting. He took her back out of the halls. From there Henna led her the rest of the way. She had changed back into her armor for the demonstration. Instead of going back to their rooms, however, they passed through the front arch to outside.
“Where are we going?” Joyah asked.
“We thought that since you’ve been stuck inside all day that it would be nice to spend the evening outside,” Henna told her over her shoulder. They rounded a corner and came to a pavilion near the trees. Candles stood on the rails to give it light in the darkening meadow. Their friends were already waiting inside. Jeff and Gilla leaned over the rail as they approached.
“There you are!” Gilla said. “We thought the halls had eaten you!”
“There are no monsters in the halls,” Henna said, slightly confused.
“How’s your hand?” Jeff asked.
“Feels like it’ll never move again,” Joyah said, grinning.
Food was already on the table. There was wild boar, bear paw, fried carp, and cai. They were offered rice wine, though most everyone politely refused it in favor of tea. Everything there was delicious. Joyah decided she liked this meal more than the overly rich one the mystics had. The sun was getting low on the horizon when they finished. As some servants cleared away the dishes Henna stood and looked over the compound.
“I believe it is time.”
They followed her back through the halls until they once again came to the great white double doors of the Hall of Angels. They joined the stream of people into the hall. It was just as Joyah remembered it except for a red curtain that was covering something large to the right of the mystics. This time the Five Mystics of Angels were all standing. Henna led them to the left side of the platform where they waited for everyone to settle down. Brenna followed by her group of friends wormed her way through the crowd so she could stand next to her sister. Joyah noticed another difference in the hall. This time there were so many people that the ones in front were practically stepping into the center aisle. Joyah felt a small thrill of excitement. What was the surprise everyone was gathered to see?
Finally the stream of people stopped. Orion raised his hand. Immediately there was dead silence.
“Good people,” Orion said grandly. “Today we shall avenge the lives so wrongly taken by villains and bring justice to those wrongdoers who deserve to be brought to justice!” He gestured towards the curtains. With a grand gesture one of the commanders drew them away. The crowd cheered.
Joyah heard some of her friends gasp. Under the curtains were people.
There were five of them in all. They hung from metal frames. They were completely naked and their bodies were so damaged and misshapen that it was hard to distinguish features. They were absolutely covered with cuts, burns, and injuries of all kinds. Most of them were completely missing their eyes, ears, and fingers. They were completely red from their own blood. One of them moved. Joyah’s heart gave a huge leap. How could someone be alive after all that? It was impossible to tell its gender or age, but she could make out the words its lip’s shaped. Help me.
“That’s not right,” Joyah said. The cheers of the crowd drew silent. The Five Mystics of Angels were all looking at her.
“These are the last of the traitors from that wretched town,” Orion told her. “They refused to tell us where they were hiding the Assassins.”
“Please,” the person croaked. “We don’t know.”
“Even now they tell us lies!” Orion boomed.  “But now they are all caught, and none of them shall betray us again!” The people in the hall cheered.
Joyah marched forward so she was directly in front of the platform.
“You did this to them?! Do you honestly expect someone to go through this much pain and still lie about something like that?! They’re just innocent people who don’t know anything!”
Orion shook his head at her like she was a silly child.
“Many have been tricked by their deceit as well. The Five Mystics of Angels, however, are wise enough to see past their lies. None shall fall victim to them again while we live!”
The crowd went wild. Joyah stared at the faces in horror. They had turned so suddenly from honest, honorable people to bloodthirsty fiends. She could see Brenna and her followers jumping up and down in savage delight at these poor people’s blood. Joyah looked back at the five souls hanging from their frames. She realized that the one who had spoken was smaller than the others. It was merely a child. The child still had eyes, and it looked at her pleadingly right before it died.
Then she saw it. The five victims were being hung from hooks stabbed under their collar bones.
“You did it,” she said in shock. She stared back over the now quiet crowd. “You killed them. You killed everyone in that poor town.”
“We were protecting them and they betrayed us,” Orion said. “They had to die.”
“No! They were probably terrified of you and were completely innocent!” Joyah cried. She looked out over the crowd. “How could you do this?” She looked over her shoulder at the Five Mystics again, her temper rising. “You murderers! You’re the monsters, not the townsfolk! How dare you take so many lives and then parade around here like you’re gods!? How dare you stand there and look anyone in the eyes!” Orion looked furious.
“Now listen here. We have been graciously bending over backwards for you since you first arrived here! No one else has had that much leniency, and now you stand here and berate us?! That is enough!”
“I’ll tell you when it’s enough!” Joyah told him.
“Nothing will ever be enough!” Jeff yelled. “Nothing can take away what you’ve done!”
“You’re just a pack of lying, murderous dogs!” Gilla joined in.
“And you call yourself mystics,” Hasin said coldly. “You have no honor.”
A gasp went up through the hall at that one.
Joyah turned and looked at the crowd.
“Please, can’t you see what you’ve been driven to do? Look at them.” Joyah crossed to the bodies. They were all very obviously dead. Joyah turned around and this time looked directly to Henna. “This one, it was just a child. A child! You started out with such purity and honor, but it’s all gone twisted. Please, we can end it. We can bring everything back to the way it should be.”
“Enough!” Orion bellowed.
“We can fix this,” Joyah said. “Together.”
“Shut up!” Henna shrieked. “Don’t you dare defile our mystics!”
The crowd burst into an uproar.
“Yeah!”
“Praise to the wonderful Mystics of Angels!”
“Down with the traitors!”
“No more hateful lies!”
“How could you do this?!” Joyah demanded over the uproar. “Don’t you see the madness?!”
“All I see is someone who claimed to be my friend betraying me!” Henna shouted back. “You can’t just walk in here and defile the great deeds of our guild!”
Joyah looked around the room one last time. Everywhere she turned she found hate filled faces and mouths screaming for blood. They can’t see the madness, she thought, because they are mad. Every single one of them.
“Move!” Hasin shouted. Joyah ran for the glass case on the far side of the stage. Instead of taking the time to open it she merely punched in the glass and grabbed the jewel inside. Then she ran for her friends. They had already knocked aside an aisle in the crowd of people and were jumping out the window. Joyah just barely made it before Orion’s voice was heard above the confusion.
“Ring the alarm! We have traitors in our stronghold! Find them! Kill them!”
“Second time we’ve been running out of someone’s base in two days,” she caught Gilla mutter. “I think we’re doing something wrong.”
“We’ve got to get out of the compound before they get organized!” Jeff called. “We can’t take them all!”
They ran through an arch that took them out of the courtyard they had jumped into.
“Where’s the exit?” Joyah asked him.
“This way,” he said, taking a sharp left down another hall. Suddenly Gilla stopped short.
“Wait! Our bags!”
“Leave them,” Joyah told her. “We need to get out.”
“No, Addri’s map!” Gilla cried. Joyah and Jeff looked at each other. Oops.
“This way,” he said, heading back the way they had come and taking the right instead of the left.
They were almost to the end of the hallway when they heard footsteps coming from the corridor ahead of them. They skidded to a stop as the shadows of the guildsmen loomed on the wall.
“Back, back!” Mal hissed. They turned to run back in the direction they’d come again. Suddenly a small section of the wall slid away.
“Quick, in here!”
Without hesitation Joyah dove through the wall. Her friends followed.
The small section beyond the wall was very dark. Joyah moved past someone crouched next to the opening and found herself in a space tall enough to stand up in. She was pushed farther back in the space as her friends came in. Their helper closed the hidden door. There was a sound of running feet outside. They listened silently until the sound of feet had disappeared. Then there was the sound of a flint being used and a torch burst into flame.
They were standing in a dingy, off-white little hallway. It was just tall enough to make Mal bend over a bit and just wide enough for one and a half people to stand shoulder to shoulder. Joyah peered around her friends. The person holding the torch was a bent, dirty old man dressed in rags. After a moment she realized he wasn’t as old as she had originally thought. He was just so worn down that he looked much more aged than he really was.
“Who are you?” Mal, who was standing next to the man, asked.
“I believe I had a name once,” the man said. “But I have long forgotten it. Come, we’re helping you out of here.”
“We?” Joyah asked as the man squeezed past her friends. She looked over her shoulder but saw only darkness. As the man drew closer the torch showed that there was another wall only a couple feet behind her. Down low was an outline of another secret door.
The man peeped out the crack of the door for a long moment before opening it. He knocked on the floor outside before ushering them out. As Joyah exited the little corridor another door opened out of the far side of the floor. This time a younger woman lifted the trap door and waved for them to follow her. Joyah climbed down after her.
“Close the door behind you,” she called to Mal in a whisper. She also had a torch, and she walked with the same stoop as the older man. She started leading them down a longer hallway.
“Who is ‘we’ and why are you helping us?” Joyah asked her in a whisper.
“We are the slaves here,” she answered. “The so called ‘servants’.” For the first time Joyah noticed how scars covered the back and limbs of the woman leading her. Some of them looked old, and some of them looked very new. One was still oozing.
They reached another wall. The woman peeked through the cracks in the trapdoor above her before opening it and slowly climbing out. Joyah climbed out much faster after her. She came face to face with a ring of ragged, bent, defeated looking people.
They ranged in their ages. There were the very old who looked like they were about to fall over on their feet, and there were the very young children with no hope or joy in their eyes. All of them showed signs of frequent beating. Beyond them was a large, clean kitchen. Joyah’s friends climbed out of the hole after her. The woman closed it behind them.
“We are helping you,” the woman said as she waddled to stand with the others, “because you are the first to stand up to our captors that have had a chance of surviving. Even if all you do is make sure they don’t get that pretty thing in your pocket it will be worth it.”
“But if you know a way out then why don’t all of you escape?” Jeff asked.
“We’d be cut down before we could even reach the trees,” she told him. “We’re not strong enough. They made sure of that. Come.”
She led them farther down the wall behind them. A couple slaves handed them their packs as they went. One handed Joyah her notebook of characters she’d made for the mystics. There was no more room in her pack so Hasin put it in his. Three slaves moved aside a cupboard and opened yet another secret door.
“There are small passages they’ve forgotten about all over the compound,” the woman told them. “They’re short and you must cross open spaces to get from one to another, but it will do the trick.” A young man took the torch from her and went into the secret hall.
Joyah took one last look at the faces of those around her.
“Thank you.”
The woman shook her head.
“Thank you.”
They went through a series of hidden passageways. In each passage another slave was waiting to lead them. Finally two people, a young man and woman who looked like a couple, opened the end of one that led into a small hall. At the end of the hall was an arch that led outside.
“Thank you,” Joyah told them again before they closed the door. The man nodded.
“Hurry.” And then they were gone.
They ran for the arch. Once they got outside it would just be a break to the edge of the forest, a climb down that little cliff, and then they could disappear into the forest…
A white-hooded figure stepped out from around the arch in front of them. On reflex Joyah drew her sword. All she could see under the cloak was a sword, a flash of armor, and a lock of blond hair. Still, she knew.
“Henna.”
Henna’s hood fell from her face.
“You can’t call me by that name anymore.”
“Henna, listen to me, please. What you’re doing here is wrong. You need to stop this! It’s not too late to come with us.”
“Silence,” Henna hissed. “No one is getting past this corridor!”
“But we’re friends!” Joyah said desperately.
“I don’t need any friends!” she yelled. Then she lunged at Joyah’s chest.
Joyah turned sideways and deflected the blow to the side. Henna had been aiming to kill her. Joyah knew she should have pressed, but she couldn’t bring herself to attack her once friend. It cost her. Henna was almost good as Jeff. In fact it was hard to tell which one was better. Henna continued pressing forward hard, aiming to kill or badly maim. Joyah backed away slowly, deflecting the shots but not pressing her advantages.
“Joyah, get out of the way!” Gilla called.
Joyah knew her archer friend needed room to shoot, but there was no way she could move aside without leaving an opening.
Suddenly the sound of feet came from behind them. Joyah was done with this. She stepped in past Henna’s arm and rammed the butt of her hilt into the other girl’s nose. Since before this she had never attacked, Henna was unprepared to counter. Joyah took her moment’s hesitation to whip around and slam her elbow into the side of her head. Henna fell against the wall.
“Go!” Joyah shouted. Her friends ran past her and out the arch. She blocked Henna’s attack and hooked their sword hilts together. With a twisting motion of her body she wrenched the lieutenant’s sword from her grip. She kicked Henna in the chest against the wall again so she wouldn’t jump on her back. Then she sheathed her sword and ran.
Henna staggered upright against the wall, blood dripping down from her nose.
“Coward!” she screeched at Joyah’s back. “You coward! Come back and fight me, honorless dog! I’ll kill you, J-, Pain! Do you hear me?! I’ll kill you!!”
Joyah did in fact hear her, but she chose to ignore her. They pounded across the meadow, Angels streaming from the main arch after them. She looked over her shoulder at the roofs of the compound. “Archers! Scatter!” They all ran in different directions. The arrows thunked into the ground all across the meadow. “Get to the cliff!” she yelled to her friends. They ran different zigzagging paths towards the edge of the trees. Joyah dove and rolled many times to avoid the volley of arrows and bolts being shot at her.
Hasin made it the tree line first. He stopped and turned back. Joyah could not believe that he was still wearing that smug grin.
“If you keep up that pace then I’ll be the only one left,” he called.
Joyah really thought that now was not the time to be making smart-ass comments, but before she could say so something small lunged at his back. As it turned out she didn’t have to warn him about that either as he easily caught his attacker and sent her stumbling past him.
Joyah got to the tree line the same time as Jeff and a little after Mal. Hasin’s attacker was Brenna. Instead of a wooden sword, though, this time she had ambushed them with a real knife.
“I’m going to kill you!” she screeched, struggling to her feet. “You’re all traitors and liars and…”
Joyah stopped listening to her insults as Gilla, the last one, arrived.
“I’ll keep them off our backs,” Gilla panted.
“Be careful,” Joyah warned her before going to the edge of the cliff. Brenna kicked her in the shin on the way by. Mal picked her up by the collar and tossed her carefully back out into the meadow.
“Don’t get hit in the crossfire, little animal,” he warned her.
Joyah went down the cliff first, carefully trying to remember the right foot and hand holds Henna had led them up only a night before. She made it down without incident. Gilla’s bow started sounding from up on the top.
“Hurry up, guys,” Gilla warned. “There a heck of a lot of them and I’ll need arrows later on.”
Finally Jeff, the last one, made it down.
“Come on, Gilla!” he called. After a moment they saw Gilla appear at the top of the wall, her bow once again slung over her shoulder. She lowered herself over the edge and got her first leg onto a foot hold.
Suddenly someone grabbed her arm.
“Hey, let go!” Gilla shouted.
“You’re not getting away!” It was Commander Laurence.
“Let her go!” Jeff yelled. He picked up a rock and threw it. As it turned out he didn’t have to since Gilla had already drawn her hunting knife and stabbed the Commander in the arm. He yelled in pain and let go of her arm. She fell from the cliff but caught herself half way down. She practically flew the rest of the way.
“Are you okay?” Jeff asked as her feet touched the ground. Instead of answering she pushed him forward.
“Go go go!” 
They flew down the path.
“I don’t suppose any of you have noticed but I believe we’re supposed to be going up,” Hasin said.
“The map the map the map!” Joyah yelled to Gilla. The girl struggled to get the map out of her pack while running. Joyah grabbed her pack and pulled them both to a stop.
“At the bottom,” Gilla told her. Joyah dove her hand to the bottom of the pack and pulled out the map. She held it open for Gilla, who scanned it desperately. “This way!” she shouted before taking off into the trees to their left.
They looped around the fortress, going uphill this time. Joyah could tell from the noise that the Angels in their armor were having a harder time navigating the trees than them. They scrambled up a muddy slope before running up an easier slope heading towards their left. Joyah tried to look at the map without face planting.
“Are we going to this little squiggly line up here?”
“Yes, very good,” Gilla panted ahead of her. “You’ve had your first lesson in map reading. Watch where your feet are going.” Gilla dodged around a large boulder and started heading diagonally up again, this time heading towards the right.
“We’re just going back the way we came!” Mal called from the back.
“No,” Gilla called, sounding a bit annoyed. “We’re taking a winding route up so you guys don’t kill yourselves on steep slopes. Now shut up, I’m under a bit of pressure here!”
“Wait!” Joyah said, skidding to a stop. Jeff nearly ran into her.
“What is it now?” Gilla asked.
“I just realized, Henna recognized An’s little group,” she told them, a bit panicked. “Fen was a victim of the Angels, not the Assassins! That means they’re enemies of the Angels.”
“So?” Jeff asked.
“So,” she continued. “That’s why Henna stabbed An. Not to defend me. To take out their leader.”
“And now she knows where their base is, so she can march an army up there and slaughter them,” Hasin finished.
“Cào nǐ zǔzōng shíbā dài!” Gilla swore. “What do we do?!”
“We warn them, of course,” Hasin said. He and the twins turned and started back down the mountain.
“We have to get to the Sanctuary,” Jeff said.
“You four get to the Sanctuary,” Hasin said. “We’ll warn the little rouges and meet you there.”
“How will you know how to get there?” Joyah asked. He stopped and tapped his head, grinning at her.
“Photographic memory.”
The three of them disappeared into the forest.
“This is a bad, bad idea,” Joyah said with dread. The sounds of men running through the forest got their attention. Jeff grabbed her arm.
“They’ll be fine, come on!”
The now four of them ran on, Gilla leading the way. Up in the sky thunder rumbled as clouds began to boil.
“Oh not now,” Joyah groaned. The first drops of rain pitter pattered down from the sky as they found the trail.
“This rain is a blessing in disguise,” Gilla told them. “It will erase our tracks so we can disappear into the woods farther up.”
“Less explaining more running, please,” Jeff said.
“Why do we always end encounters with running?” Joyah asked Mal. He just shrugged.
Lightning lit up the sky. Thunder crashed hard enough to make Joyah sure that the mountain would split from the noise. The trees bent from the wind and low shrubs were ripped up by the roots. All in all it didn’t take long for their prints to be non-existent.
Joyah held the map close to her chest, shielding it from the rain. Surprisingly enough the rain was actually light. It was the wind and the lightning that really made the storm. Finally Gilla left the trail to their right. The scrubby trees did little to shield them from the wind. They climbed up a six foot ledge next to a wall of rock. The ledge went up the side of a cliff to end at the top. It was only a foot and a half wide. Lightning once again crossed the sky. Joyah heard a huge crack behind her. She turned just in time to see Mal topple over the edge on the other side.
“Mal!” she screamed.
“Archie!” her friends cried. They scrambled to look over.
“I’m okay!” Mal called. They breathed a sigh of relief to see him picking himself up off the ground. It was a good thing they hadn’t climbed too high yet. The sounds of dogs barking caught their attention. It was coming from back the way they’d come.
“They’ve cut you off!” Gilla called to him. “We can’t make it back to each other!”
“It’s alright,” he told them. “Keep going. I’ll find you later.”
“No way in the abyss!” Jeff yelled.
“Yeah!” Joyah agreed. “We’ve already lost Starling, we can’t lose you too!”
“Pain,” he said sternly. “Your first duty is to get the jewel to safety. Don’t forget the slaves in that compound. Don’t forget those five and all those like them who were tortured to death. You must get the jewel to safety for them.”
For a long moment Joyah held his eyes. Then she rose to her feet and back away from the edge.
“Come on, guys.”
“But, Joyah-”
“We need to go! He’s right. He can take care of himself. All of this is too big for us, but there is one thing we can do. So we need to do it.”
Reluctantly her friends climbed to their feet and they continued on. In only a few events their numbers had dropped from seven to three.
They continued to climb higher. At one point Joyah made the mistake of peering over the edge. The only thing she could see were the tops of the trees bellow.
Suddenly a huge bolt of lightning broke the sky and crashed into the trees she was looking at. A fire roared up. The wind fed it until it had become a huge forest fire right before her eyes. She pressed her back against the cliff.
“Uh, Gilla,” Joyah called. “I don’t think it’s such a good idea to be on a cliff in amongst some trees in the middle of a lightning storm. Forest fire or no forest fire.”
“I think I just came to the same conclusion,” Gilla said. Both she and Jeff had pressed their backs to the cliff as well. All three of them stood there, shaking. “Unfortunately,” Gilla continued. “Unless we want to go back, let the Angels see us, and ruin the reason Mal had to go off on his own, the only way to get somewhere safer is to keep going up. Sorry, guys.”
“That’s okay,” Jeff said, sounding terrified. “You were under a lot of pressure.”
They somehow made it to the top of the cliff without getting killed. They crouched down so they weren’t the tallest things around anymore.
“Where to?” Joyah asked. Gilla looked around, panicked.
“I, I…” She gesture to Joyah. “The map!”
Joyah opened the map, praying that the rain wouldn’t ruin it. What she should have been worried about was the wind. In one swift blast it ripped the paper from her fingers.
“The map!” she shrieked, grabbing for it. It eluded both her and Jeff’s hands and flew out over the cliff. Then it fell, disappearing into the fiery forest bellow. “No!”
The three of them dove to the edge, lying on their bellies to scan the fire bellow. The map was nowhere to be seen. Oh Addri, I’m so sorry. Joyah stood and grabbed her friends’ arms, dragging them with her.
“No time, let’s go! Move!”
Feeling like they’d just lost yet another person, they ran farther away from the edge. Before they got to the trees Joyah pulled them down to their knees and covered her head with her hands. They cowed there, hoping that the lightning would miss them as the storm played out.

Joyah opened her eyes. She must have fallen asleep at one point because she couldn’t remember the storm stopping. It was obviously over now. She sat up and looked around. The whole right side of her clothing was covered in mud and she was soaked through. Jeff and Gilla were still curled up on either side of her. Neither of them looked hurt, though they both looked as wet and miserable as her. All business, Joyah checked her bag. The contents were a little wet, but at least they weren’t soaked. The food was edible. She scooted over to the edge and lay down on her stomach like she had the night before. The forest below was all blackened. At least the fire was out now. She looked for any sign of life, but none was there. No Mal or Angels anywhere. She scanned every little detail, but the map was also nowhere to be seen. It was gone.
Joyah moved away from the edge and looked up. The sky still boiled but was no longer storming. They’d get another doozy later. For now it was safe to travel. She shook her friends awake. Jeff groaned. Gilla rubbed her eyes. She blinked a lot, her left eye tearing up from the mud on her hand.
“Tā māde niǎo.” She rubbed the mud out of her eye with her other hand.
“Archie?” Jeff asked. Joyah shook her head no. “Angels?” Still no. “Map?” No. He sighed. “How about our stuff?”
“Damp,” she reported. “But usable. The food looks terrible, but it’s also still edible. It could be worse.”
“How could it be worse?” Gilla demanded.
“We could be separated,” she told her. Jeff and Gilla looked at each other.
“That’s true,” Gilla agreed.
“It seems as if we’re going to end this like we started,” Jeff said. “Just the three of us.”
“That’s all we need,” Joyah said. She stood and slung her pack over her shoulder. Her friends did the same. “Do you think you can still find our way without the map?” she asked Gilla. The small girl sighed and looked around.
“It’s going to be rough, but I think so.” She gave a wry little laugh. “I didn’t do so hot last night with it anyway.”
“You did fine in those circumstances,” Jeff reassured her. Gilla flicked some hair over her shoulder.
“So, I guess for now we just go up.”
Joyah’s friends started off into the woods. She went to follow them, then hesitated. She turned to look out over the land below them. She spotted the dense trees that hid the Angel’s compound. Henna had betrayed them. She’d turned out to be just as crazy as those around her. It hurt, trusting a friend only to have her try to kill them.
No. Henna was not her friend. Joyah felt anger begin to rise inside her, replacing the hurt. She could never be friends with such an evil, ruthless murderer.
“Hey, are you coming?” Gilla called.
After taking one last, hateful look at the trees Joyah turned to follow her friends.
“Let’s go make those bastards pay.”


Chapter 24
The Mountainside


The rock fell away beneath her hand. She grabbed at the cliff, but her hand slipped off. She tumbled down into the abyss bellow.
Joyah landed on her butt.
“Ouch.”
“Seriously?” Gilla asked. “It’s, like, three feet high. How did you slip?”
“It’s wet,” she said.
“Everything’s wet,” Gilla told her. Joyah stood up and levered herself up the ledge.
“Well then we’ll be slipping over everything.” 
Gilla rolled her eyes. 
“Oh yeah, totally. You’d better look out! I’m going to slip on this bit of perfectly flat ground!”
Jeff sighed as he levered himself up the ledge.
“You do remember that we have a mission to do, right? I don’t think fooling around is a part of it.”
“We’re on our mission right now,” Gilla said. “Is it such a crime to do two things at once?” Joyah immediately went serious, but her friends didn’t notice.
“I didn’t think of you as a multitasker, Gillie,” Jeff said, grinning. Immediately Gilla got in his face.
“What did you just call me?!”
He didn’t look scared at all.
“Gillie.”
She grabbed his arm and forced it behind his back.
“I told you never to call me that!”
Joyah could tell Jeff was trying not to laugh.
“Sorry, sorry.”
She let go. “Don’t do it again!”
They continued on up the mountain. Since that morning they had been steadily climbing higher into the mountain. Gilla had been playing it by ear so far, picking routes as she saw them. It was slower and forced them to backtrack a lot, but so far they hadn’t run into any real obstacles. Joyah found it a little too good to be true. Her fears were confirmed when Gilla stopped and looked at the sky.
“I don’t like the look of those clouds.”
“I think it might rain later,” Joyah said. “Another doozy of a storm.”
“Agreed,” Gilla said. “We’d better get as far as we can before it hits. I’d hate to risk another night out in one of those storms again.”
“We still have some time,” Jeff said hopefully.
It didn’t storm that day. By the time it was too dark to continue the scene around them had changed dramatically since the day before. Gone were the tall pines. The trees were all small and scraggly. They had become so spaced apart it was hard to call it a forest. There was more open rock and much less shrubbery. There was no shelter in sight, so they huddled together under their blankets and hoped it wouldn’t rain that night.
It didn’t, though the wind continued to buffet them and the trees around them. Joyah snuggled lower in her blanket between her two friends and stared up at the sky. She wished she could see stars. It had been so long since they had shown in the sky. The clouds remained a constant, gray, dreary blanket as far as the eye could see. She closed her eyes and rested her chin on her knees. It was nearly dawn before she finally managed to get some sleep.
Joyah had only slept for a couple hours when Jeff moved out from supporting her right side. She jerked away when she nearly toppled sideways.
“Sorry,” he said sheepishly.
“It’s fine,” she told him. She rubbed one eye with her hand and looked up at the sky. It was far enough past dawn that the sky was no longer colorful from the sunrise, but other than that she had no real idea when it was. Joyah shook Gilla awake before daring to venture out from under the warmth of her damp blanket. The morning air was cold even in the summer.
“I wonder how high we are,” Joyah wondered.
“Pretty darn high,” Gilla mumbled.
“Very helpful,” Joyah told her.
They had a cold, damp breakfast. They couldn’t build a fire since it would be like sending an arrow with dragon weed attached to it into the sky. Anyone could easily see it on the side of the mountain. Joyah stared sadly at her damp piece of beef jerky. She wouldn’t be having a warm meal in a long time.
“Agreed,” Gilla said.
“I didn’t say anything,” Joyah said.
“Your look said it all,” Gilla told her.
They continued climbing. Eventually the shrubs started getting replaced with grasses and the trees disappeared completely.
‘Meeeeh.’
Joyah looked up from climbing a large rock to find herself face to face with a goat. 
‘Meeeeeh,’ it said again.
“Who are you meh-ing?” Joyah asked him under her breath. It started chewing on her hair. “Off, off!”
Gilla snickered. “I think he likes you.”
Joyah pulled her hair out of its mouth and got on top of the rock. The goat looked up at her before going back to eating the grass.
“What is he doing up here?”
“He’s a mountain goat, Joyah,” Jeff said. “He lives up here.” The goat scampered away, going over the rocks easily. The three of them watched him go.
“Little bastard has it so easy,” Gilla mumbled.
"Why is it harder to breathe up here?” Joyah asked Jeff.
“The air is thinner,” he told her. “As we go higher we’re going to run out of breath faster.”
“Oh goody,” Gilla said.
Joyah looked up at the goat again. Suddenly something large and orange leaped out onto the goat. The three of them jumped. The goat went down under the big cat. Within seconds it was an ex goat. Jeff said something unintelligible along the lines of: “Uhghbduh.”
“My sentiments exactly,” Gilla said.
The cat looked up at them from its meal. Its lips were reddened from the goat’s blood.
“What exactly is that?” Joyah asked.
“Mountain lion?” Jeff guessed.
“Cougar?” Gilla offered.
“Bad news,” Joyah decided. The bad news lifted its lip and growled at them. “Right,” Joyah said. “We’re not food, we’re not after its food. We’re just fellow predators slowly backing away now.” The three not-foods slowly backed away. The bad news growled at them before going back to eating.
“What do we do?” Gilla whispered to Joyah.
“I don’t know!” she whispered back. “It’s not like I’ve ever encountered this before! Jeff?”
“I don’t know,” he whispered. “You did pretty well with those crocodillies.”
“The word is crocodile and that was totally different! Gilla, you’re our wild animal expert!”
“Uh,” she said. “Well, what we’re doing seems to be working. For most wild animals you back away slowly or scare them. I don’t really want to scare this thing. It’s got food, maybe it’ll leave us alone.”
“We have to find a way to get away from it before it finishes eating,” Joyah said. “Any ideas?” They looked around.
“Mountainsides are very bad places to hide in,” Gilla commented.
The bad news growled again. They looked at it in alarm. Joyah’s hand drifted to the hilt of her sword. The bad news rose to its feet, its yellow eyes staring directly at her.
“Joyah,” Gilla said out of the corner of her mouth. “Non-threatening please.”
Joyah took her hand from her sword and held it up for the bad news to see. It went back to eating its meal.
“Think guys, think!” Jeff whispered.
“Hey, you’re the smart one!” Gilla whispered.
“You’re the animal expert!”
“Joyah’s quick thinking!”
“Joyah, what do we do?”
“I don’t know!” The cat looked up at her yell. “Oops.”
The bad news stood from its meal, its eyes on them.
“I think it’s done,” Gilla squeaked.
“Shoot it,” Joyah said. She didn’t bother whispering now. Gilla didn’t look happy.
“I can’t do that! It’s not its fault that we invaded its territory!”
“Gilla, if you don’t shoot it then we’re going to be its next meal!”
The bad news charged. Joyah stepped forward and drew her sword. The bad news was bearing down on her. She planted her feet and raised her sword. Jeff was running up behind her. It jumped…
Gilla’s arrow hit it in the shoulder, knocking it away from Joyah. The bad news landed on its side. It climbed to its feet again and gnawed at the arrow. It turned its head towards Joyah and growled.
“Yell, scare it!” Gilla yelled.
“Aaah!” Joyah screamed at it, waving her arms and snarling. Jeff was yelling too. Gilla shot it again when it turned to attack its challengers. She shot it once more before it turned and ran away. Joyah closed her eyes and sighed, allowing her arms to drop to her sides. That had been close.
“Good job,” she heard Jeff say. Gilla hmphed bitterly.
A loud noise from farther up the mountain caught Joyah’s attention. Joyah looked up.
“What’s that?” Jeff asked.
“Sounds like that mud slide back in the swamp, only louder,” she said. That was when she saw the rocks. Huge amounts of rocks and mud were falling down the side of the mountain. It looked as if the whole face of the mountain was coming apart.
Gilla swore. “That yelling must have set off an avalanche. This must have been one of those high risk rock slide zones.”
“That would have been nice to know about,” Jeff said.
“Oh, sorry, next time I’ll just check the map,” Gilla said. “Oh wait, we don’t have the freaking map!”
“Run!” Joyah shouted.
They ran. Jeff grabbed their arms and pulled them to their left. “Run sideways!”
“How do we know where the edge is?!” Gilla yelled.
“I don’t know!” Jeff called. After a beat he added, “At least we lost the cat!” Out of the frying pan and into the fire, Joyah thought.
“Watch out!” Gilla shrieked. Joyah stopped short to avoid a bouncing boulder. Her friends dove out of her line of sight. She looked up the mountain to see the avalanche bearing down on her. She ducked another rock and sidestepped a third. There was no place to climb to get away from it. A rock the size of her head caught her in the stomach. She fell back, suddenly finding it much harder to breathe. She opened her eyes in time to see another rock flying towards her head. She rolled sideways, then rolled the other way to avoid an even bigger one. She sprang to her feet and immediately danced sideways so they wouldn’t be taken out from under her. As she dodged rocks left and right she caught sight of Jeff just in time to see him take a rock to the shoulder. She heard something pop.
The air was full of flying rocks. She stumbled over to her fallen friend. A pebble stung her cheek hard enough to draw blood. Dirt clogged one eye, but she didn’t have time to brush it away. By the time she got over to him Jeff was up again. He was clutching his left arm tight against his body and his face was white with pain. She grabbed his uninjured shoulder and propelled him in the direction they’d been going.
“Where’s Gilla?” he demanded over the noise.
“I don’t know!” she answered. “Move!”
Somehow, though Joyah had no idea how, they somehow managed to get to the edge of the avalanche without getting killed. Joyah was covered in bruises, but at least she was alive. There were only a few rolling rocks in their area when they stopped, but they were far enough apart to avoid. Jeff lowered himself to the ground.
“Gilla?” Joyah looked back. There was no sign of her smaller friend. “No,” Joyah said under her breath determinedly. “Not going to happen.”
She staggered farther in, but the density of rocks forced her back. She back away until she was next to Jeff again. He sighed in relief.
“There.”
Joyah followed his gaze down the mountain. Gilla was just pulling herself up over a slope farther down. The girl was obviously battered, but alive. Joyah also sighed in relief. Then the girl crested the slope and fell to one knee, holding her side. Smile gone, Joyah nearly killed herself running to her.
“What?” Joyah asked her, dropping to one knee.
“My side,” Gilla said painfully. “Can barely breathe.”
Joyah pried her hand away. “Let me see.” There was a large bruise and a horizontal slice across her ribs, but none of them felt broken. “It’s okay,” Joyah reassured her. “You just got the wind knocked out of you.”
“It’s not freaking okay until I can breathe again!” Gilla growled.
“Do you know how to fix dislocated shoulders?” Joyah asked her. Gilla looked up.
“Why?”
“I think Jeff dislocated one of his.”
Gilla sighed and put her other hand on Joyah’s shoulder.
“Take me to the klutz.”
Gilla carefully sat down next to Jeff.
“Are you okay?” he asked her, looking really worried.
“Fine,” she wheezed. “As soon as I can breathe again. It’s you we need to worry about. Show me that shoulder.”
Joyah had to pry Jeff’s hand from his shoulder in order for Gilla to take a look at it. Joyah could easily see that it was dislocated.
“Have you ever done this before?” Joyah asked.
“Nope,” Gilla said. “But I’ve seen it done twice and my father showed me how a couple years ago. It’s the best we’ve got.” She placed both hands on Jeff’s shoulder and with one swift motion popped it back into the socket.
When Jeff came around again both girls were leaning over him.
“How are you feeling?” Joyah asked.
“Like an avalanche just fell on me,” he answered. Gilla nodded.
“Pretty accurate.”
They helped him into a sitting position.
“We need to brace it and keep that arm in a sling,” Joyah said. They looked at her.
“How did you know that?” Gilla asked. Joyah rolled her eyes.
“My Auntie’s a healer. I know how to treat a dislocated shoulder. I just wanted someone with a bit more experience actually putting it back in.” Joyah took out a bandage and wrapped it around his upper arm. Gilla had already taken another piece of fabric and turned it into a sling. Jeff winced.
“At least it isn’t my sword arm.”
 Joyah helped him to his feet. 
“It’s going to be interesting for you getting up the rest of the way. And how are you doing?” she asked Gilla.
“Breathing,” she answered. “Still got this cut on my side.”
“A what?!”  Jeff exclaimed. Joyah took a look at her cut.
“I don’t think it’s that deep. Just a bandage will do.”
“Are you sure?” Jeff asked.
“Thanks,” Joyah said shortly. “You’re very reassuring.”
“I think you’re right,” Gilla said. “Just bandage it up so we can get outta here. I’m so done with this place.”
Joyah cleaned and bandaged the wound before they continued on. Gilla started picking trails that took them away from the avalanche zone. Joyah dropped into the back so she could keep an eye on Jeff. If he slipped he’d only have one arm to catch himself.
The sky rumbled overhead. Joyah glared up at it.
“Quiet you!”
Her friends looked at each other.
“Is she talking to the sky?” Gilla asked.
“I think so,” Jeff said.
Ignoring them, Joyah scolded the sky, “We’ve had enough trouble without you.”
“Joyah, are you feeling well?” Jeff asked her.
“Did you take a rock to the head?” Gilla inquired.
“I took one to the stomach,” Joyah said. “Does that count?”
“Joyah,” Jeff said with an air of resignation. “You’re bleeding.”
She touched her cheek. She’d forgotten about that. Jeff shook his head.
“You really need to remember when you start bleeding.” He took a piece of cloth that might have once been and handkerchief from his pocket and pressed it against her cheek. She held it there.
“Thanks.”
Joyah held the fabric to her face until she was pretty sure she’d stopped bleeding. Until then it made moving a little more dangerous since two out of three of them had only one usable arm. Amazingly enough no one slipped by the time she could use both arms again.
The incline gradually steepened. There were points they had to climb straight up. (Joyah had absolutely no idea how they managed to get Jeff up those.) The grass was starting to get scarce. Everywhere she looked Joyah saw open rock. The view behind them was spectacular. If it hadn’t been so cloudy they could have seen far out past the Gorem forest. As it was they saw a small section of the forest, but it was enough. From there Joyah felt like she was watching the whole world go about its life.
They stopped when they came to the ravine.
“Huh,” Gilla said.
Joyah walked up next to her and looked down.
 “Is there supposed to be a ravine in our path?”
“Huh,” Gilla said again.
Jeff took his eyes off the ravine and looked around.
“So, we’re lost.”
“Huh,” Gilla said again.
“I think Gilla’s broken,” Joyah said.
“No,” Gilla said. “Gilla’s lost.”
“Gilla’s speaking in third person today,” Jeff said.
“Let’s stop talking about Gilla!” Gilla said.
“Wasn’t our original plan to follow the river?” Joyah asked.
“Yes well, that went out the window when we met the mega guild,” Gilla said.
“So all we need to do is find the river again,” Joyah said.
“Yes,” Gilla agreed. “Except Gilla’s lost.” Jeff pulled out his compass.
“Which side of the river was the ravine on?”
“I don’t even remember there being a ravine,” Gilla complained. He gave her a stern look. She rolled her eyes and thought really hard. “South? No, that doesn’t make sense.”
“West,” Joyah said. They stared at her. She shrugged. “I read a little of a book on this area back in Guem,” she explained.
“Okay,” Jeff said. “So all we have to do is head north-east and eventually we should hit the river.”
“Which way’s east?” Joyah asked. Jeff stood facing up the mountain and pointed to his right.
“This way.”
They continued on north-east, following Jeff’s compass. It was a little unnerving knowing that Gilla had gotten lost. Gilla had said before that she’d never been in a mountain terrain before, but she’d always been a never ending fountain of wilderness knowledge. Maybe it was good to get a reminder that she wasn’t perfect. Joyah noticed that Gilla was being unusually subdued. She felt bad for putting so much stress on her. Now she must think that she had let them down by being human.
The sound of dogs barking in the distance turned their heads back down the mountain.
“If they don’t shut those dogs up then they’ll bring the whole mountain down on all of us,” Jeff said.
“It’s hard to tell how far away they are,” Gilla said. “The sound’s bouncing all over the place. They could be miles off or only a mile away.”
“If they were only a mile away they’d be louder,” Joyah said. “Sound travels far here.”
“Do you think they realize that they’re giving themselves away so easily?” Jeff asked. The dog barking stopped suddenly. It was replaced by a huge roar of a rock slide farther down the mountain. Jeff’s lips quirked up into an unpleasant little smile as he shook his head. “They aren’t very smart, are they?”
“At least we had a good reason for being loud,” Gilla agreed. “They’re just loud.”
“I hope that mountain lion eats them,” Jeff said as they continued walking.
Gilla added, “I hope the avalanche squishes them all.”
“I hope they fall into the ravine.”
“I hope they get lost.”
“I hope they get struck by lightning.”
“I hope you two shut up,” Joyah cut in. Gilla rolled her eyes.
“Yes, mother.”
Joyah started to say something but stopped. She looked at her friend, slightly hurt.
“I’m not that bad.”
“Oh no, one can be as bad as my mother,” Gilla agreed, backtracking. “You are definitely not like my mother. You’re way cooler than my mother. And more fun. It’s just a phrase.” Jeff snickered. Gilla refrained from punching him so she wouldn’t hit his injured arm. “Shut up and check the compass again.”
“Still heading north east,” Jeff said. “The same direction we were going two minutes ago.”
“Look, if you’re going to lead the way you need to make absolute sure you’re right. Don’t roll your eyes at me. Hey!” She grabbed the side of his tunic. “This is serious! When you lead an expedition the whole success of your mission rests on your shoulders. If you make one mistake you lead your trusting group to the wrong location and then you fail. It’s a big responsibility that needs to be taken seriously.” He looked at her evenly.
“Is this the burden you’ve been holding this whole time?”
“I’m the guide, idiot,” she told him. “It’s my job. It’s what I do. Just like Joyah has to carry the jewel and Mal has to keep us alive. It’s nothing more than anyone else is doing, but it’s important and you can’t ever slack off on it. Got it?” He nodded. “Good,” she said stiffly.
The barking started up again. Jeff sighed.
“I guess wishing they’d all gotten crushed was too much to hope for.”
 Joyah looked over her shoulder thoughtfully.
“I wonder what Starling’s doing now.” Wow, where’d that thought come from? She also hadn’t meant to say it out loud. Jeff nearly scowled.
“They’re probably fine. We’re the ones getting chased up a mountain.”
“You’re probably right.”
“Mal’s going to have to get past everything we have, and he’s all alone,” Gilla said. She sounded worried.
“I’m sure Mal can take care of himself,” Jeff said, but he didn’t sound convinced. Good going, Joyah thought. Way to freak out your friends.
 “Of course he can take care of himself,” she said confidently. “All of them can. They’re all able people. We don’t have to worry about them.”
“Then why’d you bring it up?” Gilla asked. Joyah hesitated.
“I don’t know. Just something that randomly came out of my mouth without checking with my brain first, I guess.”
“I do that all the time,” Gilla said wisely.
Still, Joyah found her mind drifting back to Hasin. It was a little aggravating. The funny thing was she wasn’t worried about him. She’d just be walking along and start thinking about things, like that knowing smile of his, or the way he fought, or if he was thinking of her. It was a little distracting.
Thunder rumbled overhead. They looked at the sky dubiously.
“I don’t like the sound of that,” Jeff said.
“It’s like it’s taunting us,” Gilla observed. “Like it just wants to remind us it’s there so we go and freak out about it only to have it do nothing.”
“Or to have it suddenly drench us,” Jeff said.
“You’re optimistic today,” Gilla said.
“If it rains, it rains,” Joyah said. “Worrying about it isn’t going to change anything. We’ll deal with it when the time comes.”
“If it starts raining it’s going to be rather hard to find the river,” Gilla said.
Joyah said, “We’ll see it when we come to it.”
“Not unless the rain’s too thick,” Jeff added.
“Then we’ll hear it,” Joyah said, starting to get exasperated.
“The wind and thunder’s always too loud,” Gilla said.
“Then we’ll freaking step in it! Are you two set on finding every single bad thing in our situation?” Joyah demanded.
“You mean other than being chased by murderous psychopaths?” Jeff asked.
“Yes,” she said.
“What’s up with you?” Gilla asked. “Usually you’re the fretting grim one.” Joyah pinched the bridge of her nose.
“I guess when you two decided to get pessimistic that meant there wasn’t any more room in that group for me. I’ve been shoved over to morale keeper.”
The first drops of rain came down while they were half way up a steeper section of the mountain. Joyah held out a hand and caught a drop.
“It’s not coming down that hard,” Gilla said.
“It could come down harder any moment,” Joyah said. “Are there any caves or something to stay in for the night?” Gilla shrugged. Joyah sighed. “Rephrase: Gilla, would you please keep an eye out for caves or any kind of shelter that we may stay in for the night?” Gilla shrugged again.
“Sure, just don’t get your hopes up. It’ll all depend on what we come across.”
By the time it was too dark to go on they hadn’t found any sort of shelter. Luckily the rain hadn’t escalated past a drizzle either. Still, being the tallest things on the mountain wasn’t making any of them happier, so they found a ditch and huddled in there for the night. Joyah took first watch. She sat in between her friends and watched the rain fall down from the sky. It was hard to tell how long she had to stay up since she couldn’t see the stars. When she felt like she’d stayed up a little longer than the normal watch she woke Gilla. Her blanket and clothes were soaked, but how was that new? It was nearly Jeff’s watch when she finally fell asleep.
The next morning when Jeff woke them all Joyah found herself stiff, cold, and tired. She stood and stretched to the sky, looking over the forest. That was a view she could get used to. It had stopped raining sometime while she was asleep. She climbed out of the ditch and walked around a bit to get the stiffness out. Her muscles hurt from the steepness of the mountain. After a bit she sat at the edge of the ditch were her friends were already eating dried vegetables for breakfast. She took the one out of Jeff’s hand right before he bit into it and popped it in her own mouth. He blinked, closed his mouth, and looked at her.
“I know what you’re going to ask,” Gilla said. “’How farther is it to the top of the mountain?’ Let me think about it a bit, okay?”
“How do you know what we may or may not ask?” Joyah asked around Jeff’s vegetable.
“Because you always ask it every morning,” Gilla said. “’How far is it to the top, Gilla?’ ‘How far are we going today, Gilla?’ Now shush, I’m trying to think.” Gilla gnawed thoughtfully on her food. Jeff took out another piece of veggie and carefully protected it from Joyah on the way to his mouth.
Finally Gilla announced, “I have no idea.”
“You said you were lost,” Jeff said. “Why try answering anyway?”
“I might have been able to figure it out,” Gilla said. “But no, I didn’t. This bare mountain side is a lot harder to keep track of than the trees back down there.” She dropped her chin into her hand.
“Sucks being way out of your comfort zone, doesn’t it?” Jeff asked. She glared at him.
“You’re not helping.”
“Sorry,” he told her. “But, it’s true.”
“Yeah,” she grumbled. “And it sucks.”
“Yup,” Joyah agreed. “You guys ready to go?” They both glared at her. “I’ve got you both beat,” Joyah said. “I’ve been out of my comfort zone since I left my village. You don’t see me moping around about it. It sucks. Let’s go so we can all get it over with.” They collected their stuff.
“You’re heartless,” Gilla muttered.
“No,” Joyah said. “I’m ready to go home. Watch out, you’ve dumped some arrows.” Gilla looked annoyed at herself.
“Geez, I haven’t done that in years.”
That day was much like the one before. That is, it was until they reached a slick cliff face a little after noon. Joyah squinted up at the top.
“Well there’s no way we’re getting up that,” Jeff said.
“Really? I had no idea,” Gilla said. She walked a bit to their right and Joyah went some distance to their left. “No sign of an end over here,” Gilla called. Joyah peered up farther.
“Same here. Looks like we’re going to have to pick a direction and hope there’s a way by.”
“My way’s east,” Gilla called. “That means you’ve gotta make the long walk to me!”
They followed the base of the cliff. The rain stopped falling eventually, though they were already soaked through. After a half an hour or so the cliff decreased in size until they were able to clamber up a section of it. With luck they wouldn’t have to get up the rest of it to the top. They climbed over the rocks that had fallen down next to the rock face until Gilla stopped them. She held up a hand and turned her head slightly to the right, listening.
“What is it?” Joyah asked, watching her.
“Water,” Gilla said finally. Joyah and Jeff exchanged excited looks.
“We’ve found it!” Jeff said excitedly.
“Not yet,” Gilla said. “It’s still a ways off.”
“At least we know now we’re going in the right direction,” Joyah said. “Lead the way.”
It was longer than Joyah’d expected to finally reach the river. She heard it before she saw it. There was a faint roaring that increased as they went until it sounded like thunder. They climbed up a slope and found themselves face to face with the rapids. And they really were rapids. The river here was farther across than her entire village and was rushing fast enough to carry off a library. White water churned over the bumps and twists of the waterbed. Menacing looking rocks jutted out at random points.
“Well,” Jeff said. “I think we found the river.”
Gilla looked farther upstream and grimaced. Joyah followed her gaze.
“Are those cliffs going to be a problem?”
“They might,” Gilla said darkly. “It depends on if they’re far enough away from the banks for us to get through.” Joyah hadn’t counted on that.
“Do you mean we may have to go all the way back the way we came in order go around this thing?” Jeff asked.
“Maybe,” Gilla said.
Gravel crunched under their feet. The rock face was looming closer and closer. It was pushing them nearer to the bank of the rapids. One false step and one of them could take the hard way back down. It was starting to make Joyah nervous. She peered up past her friend.
“That’s starting to look kind of close.”
“No kidding,” Gilla said. Joyah reached out her left hand and touched the rock on her left.
“Hold up,” Gilla said. She edged forward a couple paces. Before her the rock face had left only inches of land between them and the river. She turned sideways so her hands rested on the rock in front of her and edged forward some more.
“Be careful,” Jeff warned, leaning around Joyah.
Gilla made a face at him before scooting forward a couple more inches. She leaned forward and stared farther up the trail. Joyah watched her feet for any sign of slipping. She wished she was the one risking herself on the ledge instead of her friend. Finally Gilla came back.
“There’s no way through. It thins out to basically nothing up there.”
“Tā māde niǎo,” Jeff said.
Joyah looked up the rock wall next to them. It actually had a gradual incline that might have allowed them to scale the side, but not with an injured shoulder and not while wet. Plus the thought of climbing this thing even dry was scary. One little slip and you’d be in the water. Joyah sighed.
“Time to back track.”
They retraced their steps, going back along the cliff. It was long enough that it didn’t show any signs of ending by the time night had fallen. They spent the night huddled at the base of the cliff. Just as Joyah’s watch was ending it started raining again. She snuggled down deeper into her damp blanket and tried to ignore the freezing rain dropping on her head. At least if it started storming they’d be safe from lightning.
The next morning wasn’t much brighter than the night. The clouds were so thick that they blocked out the sun. The rocks and their blankets were covered in a fine layer of frost. Joyah’s breath misted in the morning air.
“It’s gotten colder,” she observed.
“Yeah, it’s called going up in elevation,” Gilla said snidely.
After a cold breakfast that matched the cold air they continued on their trek. The light cold Joyah had had not too long before was returning with greater vigor. She kept reminding herself to wiggle her toes in a poor attempt to keep them warm. At least it was something. The lingering chill inside her from the night before hadn’t receded much even though the day was warmer.
After a couple hours Joyah started spotting places that might be passable for a very experienced rock climber on a dry day, but that didn’t help them much. She squinted up through the rain at various intervals, looking for any sign of the top getting closer. Every time she tried the pouring rain would flood her eyes and make it nearly impossible to see. Still, she kept at it.
At some point the rain had turned into a downpour. It felt like thousands of buckets were tossing their contents at them.  They were long gone past soaked and were far into the territory of looking like they’d gone swimming.
A little before noon Gilla said over the rain, “Hey guys, I think the base might be curving up.”
Joyah shielded her eyes from the heavy rain and looked at the base of the cliff. Yes, it might have started curving up a bit. Possibly up ahead it would curve enough to go vertically up the mountain.
“Thank goodness for that,” Jeff said. “If this rain gets any harder we’ll get washed down the mountain.”
It sounded like an exaggeration until Joyah realized that it could be true. The water already was pouring down around their feet. She wondered what Hasin was thinking of the weather right now. His voice echoed through her head. What, scared of a little rain? It just adds to the adventure. He was crazy. Except she couldn’t be thinking about him right then. She had to be concentrating on other stuff. What was wrong with her?
The rain was starting to come down so thick it was hard to see more than a foot. They each kept a hand on the cliff so they wouldn’t lose it. The water was starting to drag at their feet, pulling them backward. At least that meant they were going up instead of sideways. Not for the first time Joyah found herself wishing for her hat. As soon as the option was available she was going to get a new one. Its wide brim had kept the rain out of her eyes.
They didn’t stop for lunch. There was no good place to sit to rest and the rain would just turn it to mush. It was probably turning to mush anyway since their packs were just as soaked as their clothes. At least they were definitely going up now. The incline they were scaling was so steep they almost had to use their hands as well as their feet. Maybe the incline was a good sign too. This could lead them up on top of the cliff. Then they could rejoin with the river.
“Hey,” Jeff called, his voice barely audible over the storm. “How do we know when it’s night time? I mean, lunch time feels like it was hours ago but it’s dark enough that it could be night and we wouldn’t know it.”
“Do you really want to sleep in these conditions?” Joyah asked.
“Well no, but…” he paused as Gilla helped him up an even steeper section. “We’re going to get fatigued if we don’t sleep. I mean, we already missed lunch. We don’t want the Angels to catch us exhausted and starved.”
“There is no way they could find us in this weather,” Gilla said. “I can barely see the mountain.”
“He’s got a point, though,” Joyah said. “We’ve been hiking this way for hours. We got up that gorge in one day and it was miles long. It feels like we’ve passed that distance, so it could be night now.” Gilla frowned.
“You’re right. Out of that logic maybe we should stop here.”
“Here?” Jeff asked incredulously. “What kind of place to stop is this?”
“Well we’re already wet so it won’t matter if we sit in the water,” Joyah said. “Who knows, maybe tomorrow the storm will be over.”
Jeff might have rolled his eyes, though it was hard to tell for sure through the rain. Like that storm was going to end any time soon.
“Alright.”
They sat in the inch deep water and brought the blankets over them to shield themselves from the rain a little better. It was by far the worst conditions they’d ever stopped in. Joyah had no idea how she would manage to get to sleep.
As it turned out she didn’t need to. They’d only just closed their eyes when Gilla said sharply, “What’s that?”
Joyah had no idea how she could have heard anything over the storm.
“Honestly Gilla, you need to remember that you hear things before us,” Jeff said. “What’s what?”
Gilla stood up and pulled the blankets off them. Joyah shot to her feet beside her. Their hair whipped around their faces in the wind and thunder crackled overhead. Joyah watched Gilla watching the mountainside below them.
“Dogs,” she said seriously. “They’ve found us.”
“The dogs won’t be able to track us in the storm,” Jeff said, but he stood up anyway. Joyah could hear them now. Somehow the harsh barking was cutting through the dim from the rain.
“They’re close. We should move on so they don’t happen across us. They can’t find us in the storm.”
Gilla swore, dove for something, and missed.
“They can now,” she said, straightening. “The water just took our blankets. They find those and it’ll lead them straight to us.”
“Let’s go,” Joyah said.
They fought their way up, half climbing, half running up the mountain. Behind them shouts rose up through the storm.
“They’ve found them!” Jeff called.
“Move!” Joyah shouted.
They picked up their pace, but the sounds of dogs and shouting voices were drawing nearer.
“How the abyss do people keep finding us?!” Gilla yelled. “Out of the entire forest, the entire mountain, the entire Gorem region they always find us! Are we seriously that bad at covering our tracks?!”
Joyah had lost track long ago how far they had run from the spot where they’d lost the blankets. All she knew was that she didn’t want to have to face greater numbers of soldiers who knew how to fight on a mountain side when they didn’t.
Joyah’s hand touched empty space. She nearly fell into the crack in the side of the cliff.
“This way!” she called. Gilla stopped and looked at it dubiously.
“It could be a dead end.”
“But if we keep going how we are they’ll catch us.”
“Jeff won’t be able to climb it.”
“Stop arguing,” Jeff said. He unslung his arm and dropped the sling. “Go!”
Gilla went first. Joyah stayed behind Jeff just in case. The crack was V shaped. It was wide at the top but too thin for their feet at the bottom. They had to wedge their feet into the space and keep their balance with their arms. At times they had to hold their weight with their arms when there wasn’t good enough traction for their feet. It should have worried her about Jeff’s shoulder, but at that point more pressing matters were filling her mind.
The crack did in fact go up into the cliffs. Unfortunately it ended on a ledge overlooking the rapids.  Gilla stopped not far out.
“It’s a dead end!”
Joyah turned back the way they’d come. Then the sound of barking echoed out from the crack.
“We can’t go back, we’re trapped!”
Lightning split the sky, followed immediately by thunder that seemed to shake the mountain. The wind was blowing so fiercely now that it felt like they were going to be ripped from the ledge. The three of them pressed their backs to the wall behind them.
“What do we do?!” she asked her friends.
“Uh…” Jeff looked around desperately. The sounds of people coming up the crack reached her ears.
“They’ve heard us!”
“We’ve got to jump!” Gilla yelled.
“What?!” Joyah demanded.
“Are you crazy?!” Jeff shouted.
“Look, it’s the only way!” Gilla yelled. “We can’t get caught here. They’ll just shoot us.”
“If we jump in the river then we’ll be killed!” Joyah yelled.
“But we’ll have a chance of surviving!” Gilla shot back. “Either of you have a better idea? Honestly, if you do I’d love to hear it!” Neither of them did. Gilla took a deep breath. She looked terrified. The three of them held hands. “One, two…” A white cloaked figure stepped out of the crack and aimed a crossbow at Joyah. “Three.”
They were falling. Joyah had enough time to think wǒ kào! before they hit the water.
Cold. Calling it cold was like calling winter hot. It felt like Joyah was submerged in ice. It sapped the strength from her limbs. Suddenly her head broke surface, but before she could take a breath she was shoved back under. Swim. She had to swim! She needed air. Her limbs worked and her face broke the surface again. Back under again. Her world was a raging mass of freezing darkness. She was shoved into the side of the bank. Her head broke the surface again. She caught a glimpse at her surroundings. Gilla and Jeff were struggling together not too far away. She managed to reach out and catch his tunic before she went under again.
Sky, water, mountain, darkness, clouds. These flashes were her world. She tumbled around in the rapids. The river was deciding her fate. There was no way she could fight it. It was just luck they hadn’t been bashed to death yet. Then Auntie’s voice echoes through her head, an answer to a random question from long ago she’d forgotten.
“I don’t know why you’d need to know that. Alright, if you fall into a river stay on your back with your legs downstream so you can navigate yourself away from rocks.” Immediately Joyah flipped herself around, dragging Jeff, and by extension Gilla, with her. Her head broke the surface. She gasped for breath before submerging. Her head came up again and she caught a glimpse downstream. They were heading for a rock. Back under, where she kicked furiously to their right.
They must have made it since the next time they resurfaced the rock was gone. A new one loomed up. Back under. She resurfaced and kicked left. She waited with bated breath underwater to see if Gilla made it passed the rock. She did. The next rock was right ahead. That’s when disaster struck. Joyah pulled left but the other two went right. Joyah got yanked their way, nearly losing her grip on Jeff. Her shoulder barely scraped the side of the rock. They were yanked under again. Once her head broke the surface again Joyah turned to get a better hold on Jeff. Some small part of her brain noticed that the cliffs on either side had disappeared. A sudden underwater current flipped her so her back was turned downstream.
WHAM! Joyah got blindsided by a rock. She went limp in the water, her hands slipping from her friend. The fuzzy world was rotating between light and dark. Her head was pounding. Some part of her knew she needed air, but she couldn’t react. Her limbs wouldn’t work. And it was so cold. So very, very cold. Blackness was closing in on her vision. Distantly she heard a thoosh, like something hitting the water. Distantly she felt an arm wrap around her waist and a hand close over her mouth and nose. Next thing she knew she was being dragged from the water and laid on what felt like grass. A head was above her for a moment, but then it was gone followed by another splash. Then the blackness overcame her.


Chapter 25
Orwen


Joyah was warm. Warm and comfortable. She couldn’t remember the last time she was comfortable. Was it back at the Angel’s compound? Yes, that was right. Wow, that had only been a couple days ago. It felt like forever. Off somewhere a bird chirped, happy and bright. Sun was shining on her closed eyelids, but not unpleasantly. It was so nice here.
But where was here? With a start Joyah remembered the river. She’d nearly drowned! And she should still be drowning. Actually, she should be dead. Instead she was warm and comfortable. That was odd. Unless this is what it felt like to be dead. She didn’t feel dead. With a small sigh Joyah realized that the only way to tell where she was and why she most likely wasn’t dead was to open her eyes. She knew as soon as she did she’d be thrown back into that world of terror and cold, but it couldn’t be helped. She opened her eyes.
Joyah found herself staring at a thatched ceiling. She looked left and found a mud and straw wall with a window farther up. She looked the other way and saw she was inside the single room of a very small cottage. The far wall had a table covered in small clay pots, different herbs, and bandages. Larger clay pots stood on the floor. Colorful herbs, most of which Joyah didn’t recognize, hung in bunches from the ceiling. Mats lined the other three walls. All of them were empty except the one Joyah was in. An empty fire pit sat in the center of the room. There was no doubt about it. Joyah was in a healer’s cottage. But a healer’s cottage where?
Joyah sat up slowly. Surprisingly enough her head didn’t hurt as badly as she’d expected. She was very, very tired and a little groggy, but otherwise fine. Actually, she was much finer than she’d been in days. She wasn’t sore, and she realized that the great number of little injuries she had been sustaining over her Journey weren’t hurting at all. To her surprise she found that the largest ones, like the one on her arm and thigh, were healing well. The smaller ones were gone completely. Her head cold was gone too. Maybe she had died. She touched the back of her head and winced. No, if she had died she wouldn’t still have a bruised head. Gingerly, Joyah stood and moved towards the door. She was rather unsteady and very weak, but nothing hurt much. She stopped just outside the door and looked around.
She was standing outside a cottage on top of a green, grassy hill overlooking a tiny village. It was tiny even compared to Joyah’s standards. There were a little more than a dozen cottages bunched together with no roads. None of them were any bigger than the one she’d just come from. There was a small meadow to the left of the village where some children were playing. The rapids Joyah had nearly died in were at the far end of the meadow. A wall of rock a little more than one Joyah high lined the edge of the meadow, broken only by the rapids.
“No way,” Joyah breathed. There was no way they could have nearly died and happened upon the mountain village.
Joyah looked back down the hill towards the little village, if it was even large enough to be called a village. She spotted someone standing in the sun at the edge of the village looking over the meadow. Something about him seemed familiar. Then he turned and looked at her.
He was angelically beautiful. He was small and delicate boned but not weak. He had white blond hair soft enough to drift in the breeze. The sun glinted off his hair and fell in beams around him, giving the illusion that he was glowing. He wore simple clothes; a white long sleeved shirt, black pants, and brown moccasins. He was pale and his eyes were a pure crystalline blue. He looked young, barely fourteen, but his eyes held wisdom far beyond his age. He smiled a gentle, caring smile up at her before walking up the hill to join her. Finally Joyah recognized him. He was the boy who had dragged her from the river.
“It’s good to see you awake,” he said. His voice matched his appearance, soft and gentle. “Your friends were worried about you. How are you feeling?”
“Weak, but alive. I think I have you to thank for that,” Joyah said. “You’re the one who saved me.” He shrugged.
“I was at the right place at the right time. I’m Orwen, the senior healer here.”
“I’m Joyah Pain,” she said. “Though my friends probably already told you that. Where are they?”
“Your friends are down there with the children,” Orwen said, pointing over at a group of kids. Joyah recognized the taller figures of her two friends surrounded by the crowd. “You’re the first outsiders to come here in generations,” Orwen said. “People here are a little fascinated by you.”
“Why does no one come here?” Joyah asked.
“Usually we prefer to be left alone,” Orwen explained. “And the mountainside surrounding us is impassible, that is unless you grew up here. You three probably found the only way in for outsiders, through the river. I wouldn’t recommend doing it again, by the way.” Joyah shook her head, remembering being caught in the rapids.
“Oh Abyss, no. Did Jeff and Gilla tell you why we’re here?” Joyah asked.
“They wanted to wait until you were awake,” Orwen said. “The elders will most likely want to speak with you tomorrow once you have your strength back."
“How long was I out?”
“A day and a half. Jeff told me about your tendency to move about when you shouldn’t so I gave you something to make you sleep.”
“Oh.” That would explain some of the grogginess.
“Joyah’s awake! Joyah’s awake!” Gilla’s piercing shriek carried over to them. Orwen winced.
“The whole village is going to descend on the hut.”
Joyah’s friends sprinted to them, making Joyah a little afraid of getting knocked over. Normally that wouldn’t be a problem, but at the moment she was really feeling drained. Luckily Orwen raised his hand slightly right before they got there so the two of them didn’t knock her over when they hugged her.
“It was so terrifying when you hit that rock!” Jeff told her once they’d stepped back. “One moment you were there and the next there was this big thwacking sound and you were gone! Then there was this splash and-”
“And then we were pulled under water again,” Gilla cut in, not willing to let him get all the recapping to himself. “And when we came back up-”
“I caught a glimpse of you and him on the shore,” Jeff said, gesturing towards Orwen. “And then we were back under again-”
“And he grabbed us and pulled us on shore,” Gilla finished. “Jeff nearly went crazy cause he thought you were dead!” Jeff looked at her indignantly.
“I did not! I was worried.”
“But you aren’t dead!” Gilla continued as if he’d never spoken. “And you know the best part? We found the mountain village! They do exist!”
“I kind of got that, Gilla,” Joyah said.
Joyah spied some people trying to inconspicuously gather at the edge of the cottages. They seemed to be badly pretending to just so happen to stop and chat at those spots while taking quick peeks at them.
Orwen had noticed them too.
“If you want to you three can go inside so you won’t be stared at. I’ll go deter the mob.”
“Thanks,” Joyah said.
Before they went back in through the doorway Orwen added, “Oh, and Joyah, you should try to take it easy as much as possible. I don’t want you wandering around or doing any running.”
“Okay.”
The three teens disappeared into the hut. Joyah could hear Orwen’s voice drifting away.
“Alright, everyone go back to what you were doing. No one’s fooled and she needs her rest…”
“I like him,” Gilla said, sitting down on the mat Joyah had recently vacated. Joyah sat down next to her. She was rather surprised how tired her legs had become after such a short time standing.
“Me too. What do you guys think of this village?”
Jeff sat on the dirt floor across from them and snorted.
“This is not a village, it’s a couple huts bunched together.”
“Don’t be mean,” Gilla told him patronizingly. “Everyone here is really friendly. I mean really friendly. I’ve never met a group of such happy people.”
“As far as we can tell there are a couple different families here, but it’s almost like there’s only one,” Jeff said. “There’s no currency, not even bartering. If they need something they just ask their neighbors for it.”
“They act really strange around us, though,” Gilla added. “It’s like we’re a bunch of lions that just walked up and asked to be their friends. And the kids all act like they’re in awe or something.”
“They probably are,” Joyah said. “Orwen said they haven’t had outsiders here in generations.”
“Yeah, he told us that too,” Gilla said. “They know nothing of the outside world.”
“But the outside world knows about them,” Jeff said darkly. “What if those guilds find this place?”
“They can’t,” Joyah said. “Only the people who grew up in these mountains can make it past those cliffs. Unless if you take the river, but we can just tell them what people to not pull out.”
“Wait,” Gilla said. “So, we’ve finally found a place we won’t destroy by staying here too long? Is that even possible? Like, they won’t suddenly turn into blood thirsty psychopaths just because we’re safe here, right?”
“Gilla, I highly doubt these people are like the mega guild,” Jeff said. “They saved our lives. The Angels would have just left us there.”
“I’m thinking people who save us are trust worthy,” Joyah agreed. “You, Mal, and Starling all helped me and now you’re my best friends.”
“Are we seriously having this conversation?” Gilla demanded. “Have you two even seen this place? Everyone’s too nice to even dream about hurting someone!”
“Hi!” Two kids poked their heads through the door before entering. One was a red haired girl a little younger than Orwen. She was barefoot and wore a pink dress. The other was blond boy around Joyah’s age. He had on a blue and brown outfit. “We’re junior healers here,” the girl said happily. “We just came to get some supplies. Don’t let us bother you,” the boy explained. They went around the room gathering different things. Orwen and a tall young woman with light red hair appeared in the doorway.
“Did someone get hurt?” Joyah asked.
“One of the cattle hurt its leg,” Orwen explained.
“Do you know how to treat animals too?” Gilla asked.
“A little,” he told her. “But Tillie’s better at it.” The girl in pink giggled.
The two junior healers scrambled out with their supplies. Orwen introduced Joyah and her friends to the woman with him.
“This is Lora. She’s our most experienced junior healer.”
“It’s nice to meet you,” Lora said.
“Why are there so many different healers here?” Joyah asked. “My village only has one.”
Orwen shrugged. “All four of us had an interest and talent in healing.”
“You’re from a village too?” Lora asked.
“Not one like this,” Joyah explained. “It’s much larger and it’s in the Gorem forest.”
“You mean the forest at the base of the mountain?” Orwen asked.
“Yes,” Joyah answered. “It’s all one big forest in the Gorem Region, so it was given that name.”
“What’s a region?” Lora asked. Jeff stepped in.
“Our country is divided into four sections, called Regions. Each was put under the rule of a lord by the Empress. That lord then choses dukes to rule smaller sections, who choses Counts, and so on. The most northern Region is called Gorem. That’s where we live.”
“Excuse me.” They turned to find a timid looking woman peeking in through the doorway. She was holding a bundle of something and was taking quick glances at the three teens, especially Joyah. “I, I brought some bread since it’s lunch time and all and I thought they might be getting hungry.”
“That’s very kind of you,” Orwen said. Gilla bounced to her feet and took the bundle from the woman.
“Yeah, thanks!”
The woman smiled shyly before disappearing out the door.
They stayed inside the hut with the two healers for a couple more hours. A few people worked up the courage to enter the hut on the pretense of bringing food or water. Mostly they just wanted a good look at the outsiders, especially Joyah since Gilla and Jeff had been walking around all day.
A little after noon Joyah wandered out of the hut. The sun was shining brightly as if the storm of the night before (actually two nights before) had never happened. Joyah wandered across a part of the meadow near the village. She quickly became aware that she was being followed. The group of children did their best to pretend like they weren’t up to anything, but it was pretty obvious that they were. After the fourth time she looked over her shoulder to find them only a couple yards away hiding and giggling in the grass she finally said, “You know I can see you, right?” Slowly they clambered to their feet, caught red handed.
Joyah couldn’t help but smile.
“I’m Joyah, what’re your names?”
“Miyabe.”
“Miyake.”
“Billy.”
“Sato.”
“Sano.”
“Kata.”
“Kana.”
Joyah memorized each face to a name, something she’d become rather good at after living with her family.
“Why do you have a sword?” Miyabe, no, Miyake asked.
“So I can defend myself,” Joyah told her.
“Why do you need to defend yourself?” Sano asked.
“Um, maybe you should ask your parents that,” Joyah said.
“Look, my mom’s right there!” Kata shouted, pointing behind Joyah. The kids ran past her to two women talking together between two of the huts. One of the women had a heart shaped face and sleek, light brown hair much like Kata and Kana. The other person was a red haired girl a little younger than Orwen.
“Mom Mom Mom Mom!” Kata and Kana shrieked, running up to their mother.
“Why do they need to defend themselves with swords?” Kata asked.
“Because the world outside of our mountains are a lot more dangerous than our village,” their mother told them. “We don’t have any here because no bad people can get to us.”
“Except for mountain lions,” Kana added. She made claws out of her hands and pretended to pounce at her sister. “Rawr!”
“We ran into a mountain lion on our way up,” Joyah said. “We hit it with an avalanche.” Kana crossed her arms over her chest.
“How big?”
“It seemed to go on forever,” she told her. “It took up almost the entire mountain side.” The kids all nodded appreciatively.
“We don’t get ones that big up here,” Billy said.
“But we get them a lot,” Sato added.
“Why don’t you seven go find Kale and Tillie,” Kata and Kana’s mother suggested.
“Okay!” They scampered off. The woman and girl smiled at Joyah.
“I hope they weren’t bothering you,” the woman said.
“Not at all,” Joyah reassured her. “I love children. My name’s Joyah Pain.”
“I’m Kate,” she said. “And this is Oma.”
“Pleased to meet you.”
“Did you really come from that forest?” Oma asked eagerly, unable to keep her interest away any longer.
“Oma!” Kate scolded.  “We have to respect her privacy!”
“Why?”
“It’s okay,” Joyah reassured them. “I don’t mind.”
“Oma, go be with your friends,” Kate said. Oma rolled her eyes and scampered off.
“I really don’t mind,” Joyah said. “Nothing’s going to stay private for very long in a little place like this.”
“Maybe,” Kate answered. “But the rest of the elders and I know that you shouldn’t be bombarded with questions until Orwen says you’re ready, and if one person starts doing it then everyone will want to. It’s better to just not start.”
“You’re one of the elders?”
“Technically,” she said. “But just because I’ve risen to that rank doesn’t mean I’m old. I need to take these fruits to my hut. You may walk with me if you’d like.”
“Who’s the mayor here?” Joyah asked as they walked. Kate looked at her blankly.
“What’s a mayor?”
Right, there was that.
“Um, I mean who’s in charge here?”
“Oh, you mean our chief,” Kate said. “The village’s run by the elders. Technically the older you get the greater weight your opinion carries, but we also elect a chief. Right now that would be Saito. He’s right over there, talking with Oza. She’s another elder.” She pointed at a sturdy looking brunette man conversing with an older, petite woman. Joyah, who was looking over her shoulder to see them, walked into the side of the hut they were approaching. She wobbled for a moment before catching her balance, embarrassed. Kate did a fair job of keeping herself from laughing.
“There something wrong with your eyesight, girl?” The call came from a very old woman sitting in a chair woven from grass outside of a hut across from them. She was bent and withered with age, but she waved her cane around in a manner that was far from weak.
“This is Onni,” Kate said. “Onni, this is Joyah Pain.”
“I know what her name is! Not that I care much, anyway. Come here, girl.” Joyah obediently went to stand next to the old woman. Onni squinted up at her. “Is something wrong with you eyesight, girl? I’m the one who’s old enough to be nearly blind, not you!”
“No, ma’am. I just wasn’t paying attention to where I was going.”
Onni shook her head.
“Youngsters these days. You need to be taught to keep your eyes forward! You can’t go around running into walls, you’ll knock your brains out that way!”
“Yes, ma’am.”
“Where’d you say you were from again?”
“The Gorem forest.”
Onni harrumphed. “They don’t teach yah well enough down there. Up here we’ve got good minded children!”
“Now, Onni,” Kate began.
“Don’t you patronize me, girlie!” Onni said, waving her cane at Kate. “I was there when you were born!” She leaned towards Joyah. “Did you know that back in my day I was the midwife here?”
“I didn’t know that,” Joyah said politely. She wasn’t sure whether to like this woman or not.
“I was the best midwife we’ve ever had!” she crowed happily. “I was popping babies outta women left and right, and I didn’t lose a single one of em! That was back when we had that other healer woman, Suki. She’s the one that trained our senior healer, you know.”
“No, I didn’t know that,” Joyah said. Onni nodded knowingly.
“And he turned out to be a fine healer, too. Youngest person ever to become one in my life time.”
“In anyone’s life time,” Kate added.
“Onni,” someone said light heartedly from behind them. “You aren’t getting our guest all worked up now, are you?” Joyah turned to find that Saito and Oza had wandered over during their conversation. Onni scowled.
“I’m not working up nobody, whippersnapper! Guest,” she harrumphed again. “Since when have we had foreigners here? Not one single soul has stepped inside this village in my life time!” She waved a finger at the three younger elders. “You youngsters have been doing a bad job of keeping us isolated!”
“Our goal isn’t to be isolated,” Kate said in a tone that said they’d had this conversation many times but they liked the old woman enough to not mind doing it again. “We just prefer to be left alone, and it so happens that our location keeps us from the outside world.”
“And it’s not like we’re going to send away people when they come to our doorstep,” Oza added.
“They’re dangerous!” Onni insisted. “I can still see their weapons fine, you know!”
“Onni,” Saito said consolingly. “Do you really think these three kids are dangerous?” Onni went off into a trail of grumpy mumbling that Joyah didn’t quite catch.
“Come with me,” Kate said to Joyah. “You may join me in my hut if you wish.”
“Thanks,” Joyah said. She was feeling tired again and the old woman’s voice was starting to drill into her head. Oza followed them into Kate’s house. Saito stayed behind to continue his conversation with Onni.
The inside of the hut wasn’t much different from the healer’s, minus the jars and herbs. Five sleeping rolls and a chest stood against the left wall. A couple clay containers stood against the right wall. Kate put her fruit into one of the containers. A small, low table stood near the far wall, and an empty fire pit stood in the center. There wasn’t enough space to put many people inside, but the three of them fit.
“Don’t mind Onni,” Oza told Joyah as they entered. “She’s rather cranky, but it’s endearing when you get used to her.”
“She’s the eldest person in our village,” Kate added. “She’s even older than her husband, Wilsy.”
“How old is she?” Joyah asked. Oza thought for a moment.
“Eighty five.”
Joyah’s eyebrows went up in surprise.
“We don’t have anyone that old in our village.”
“We’ve never had someone that old in our village before either,” Kate said with a small laugh. “Not before Orwen. He hasn’t lost someone yet.”
“Good morning, ladies,” someone said from the door. It was an old man who stood with a cane. “Maybe I join you? I don’t mean to intrude.”
“Of course, Wilsy,” Kate said. She picked up the chest and brought it out farther into the room for him to sit on.
“Thank you, my dear,” he told her before lowering himself down. He looked across the room to where Joyah was sitting on the floor. “And hello there. My name is Wilsy, though you heard that already. And I hear your name is Joyah Pain.”
“Yes. It’s a pleasure to meet you, sir.”
He chuckled. “Haven’t ever been addressed like that before. I think I might like it. Maybe folks around here should start calling me sir.”
“Nice try,” Oza said wryly. Wilsy leaned forward a bit.
“I heard you met my wife today,” he said to Joyah.
“Yes,” she affirmed. “She’s… very animated.” He chuckled again.
“Now don’t you mind her. She’s got a mouth on her, that one.” His eyes went dreamy for a moment. “But I married her for her spirit, so I’m not one to talk.” After a moment Wilsy focused back on Joyah. “Say, I’m sure you got a nice young man fancying you back home.”
“No, not really.”
“No?” He cocked his head. “A pretty thing like you? Why not? Are all the young men blind?” She shrugged and smiled.
“I just never thought of it. I was always too busy.”
He nodded wisely. “I see.  Your friend did mention something about you being like that. She’s got a mouth on her, too.”
“Gilla?” Joyah said, grinning. “Definitely.”
“Well how about your travels then?” Wilsy asked. “Meet any nice boys out there on the road?”
Joyah was about to answer no when an image of Hasin Starling crossed her mind. She felt herself turning pink and quickly shoved the image back down. Wilsy chuckled again.
“Uh huh, there it is!” He sighed. “It’s a wonderful thing, to fall in love. I hope that someday you find yours.”
“Hey Joyah!!”
Joyah sighed. “That would be Gilla.” She stood and crossed to the doorway to look out. She spied her friends standing not too far away at the edge of the village. Apparently Jeff had just said something since she caught the end of Gilla’s next sentence.
“What? It’s not like she’s not going to hear us and it’s an easier way to find her.”
“It’s really annoying, though,” Joyah called.
“Oh, don’t worry,” Gilla said happily as they approached. “Most people here are off taking care of the cattle and crops or doing chores. Hello Wilsy, Oza.”
“Good morning, Gilla,” Oza said mirthfully, coming out to stand next to Joyah.
“A good day to you both,” Wilsy said from inside the hut.
“Not such a good morning for me!” Onni called from the hut across from them. “With you kids shouting and making commotion out there!” Wilsy smiled lovingly.
“Now now, my dear, it’s just natural for kids to be kids. A free child is a happy child.”
Onni harrumphed. “Kate, why aren’t you out helping the others?”
“Oh dear,” Kate said anxiously, running a hand through her hair. “I forgot.” She turned back to her company. “You all may stay as long as you’d like. I need to get back to work.” With that she hurried off. Oza led the three teens back inside Kate’s hut. Wilsy nudged Jeff on the way by.
“Got any farther with that girl yet?” Joyah caught him murmur. Jeff went pink and turned away, making Wilsy chuckle.
Saito must have finished his conversation with Onni since he followed them in. He looked around the room.
“It seems we’ve got our three guests and a good number of our elders all in one room. A bit of a tight squeeze.”
It was a tight squeeze. They were all stuffed into the one room around the fire pit, standing (or sitting) nearly shoulder to shoulder, and Saito had to stand by the door.
“Just everyone make sure no one bumps into anything,” Oza called from the back of the room. “We don’t want to break any of Kate and Torm’s things.” Wilsy squinted down at Joyah, who was sitting on the floor next to the chest.
“I hope this doesn’t count as crowding you.”
“Don’t worry,” Joyah said. “With my family this is nothing.”
After that they asked Joyah to explain what her family was like. The people of the mountain village understood it better than most since the entire village was like one large family, but the idea was still rather strange to them.
“You mean you don’t know who the child of whom is?” Oza asked.
“Not really,” Joyah said. “I never thought much about it while I was there.” As the conversation shifted on to something else Joyah’s hand crept up to where the chain around her neck was. She didn’t linger on the homesickness long, though.
They talked for a while, mostly about random things. Jeff was very interested in the way their society worked while Gilla wanted to know what it was like living in the harsh conditions of the mountain. Joyah was mostly trying to keep track of who was who and the complicated family ties. While she was fairly good at keeping track of names she turned out to be pretty terrible at remembering who was who’s kid, cousin, aunt, and so on. Wilsy was Willy’s father and Tillie’s and Billy’s grandfather. Kate had the largest family in the village. Oza was Miyabe’s grandmother… no, that wasn’t right. She was somehow related to Oma. But wasn’t she related to Miyabe and Miyake too? No, maybe she wasn’t. Joyah hoped that it wasn’t a lost cause.
As it grew later the villagers began coming in from work. After hearing the conversation in Kate’s house they’d stop outside to try to listen in. Saito would have to send them on their way or else a whole crowd would have stopped outside the hut. Joyah noticed how most of the town had similar features. It seemed common for them to be very light toned.
Tillie appeared outside the door.
“Hi grandpa!”
“Hello there, my little granddaughter,” Wilsy said warmly. “And how is your work going?”
“Just great! One of our animals hurt herself, but I patched her up.”
Kate’s husband, Torm, squeezed himself past Tillie and the rest of them to get some twine from one of the containers.
“Kate would like to invite you three to join us for dinner,” he told the three teens on his way by.
“But I came here to ask them to dinner at the healer’s cottage!” Tillie said. Wilsy chuckled.
“I’d invite you to dinner, but I think you’d rather not spend an evening with my wife.”
“Thank you for the invitation,” Joyah said to Torm. “But I think I’d like a slightly quieter place to eat.”
“Understandable,” he said. “I didn’t think you’d take up our offer anyway, but Kate insisted I try.”
Tillie led them out of the village and back up the hill to the healer’s hut. Inside Lora and the boy junior healer (Joyah really needed to get his name) were setting a table.
“Where’s Orwen?” Joyah asked.
“He went to check on Saito’s arm,” Lora said. “Saito broke it a couple weeks back. Orwen’s going to see if it’s fully healed enough for him to go back to work.”
It didn’t take long for Orwen to return. Lora was just starting to serve rice when he walked in.
“How’s Saito?” the junior healer who’s name Joyah still did not know asked.
“Ready to work as long as he doesn’t overstrain his arm,” Orwen reported. He knelt between Tillie and Joyah at the table.
“So, how long have you been a healer here?” Joyah asked him between bites. He stared at the wall in thought.
“Lora, how long have I been a healer here?”
She shrugged. “Longer than I have.”
“My mom said you started when you were four,” the boy said. Orwen nodded slowly.
“That’s right. That makes it ten years. I became senior healer when I was nine.”
Jeff’s eyebrows went way up.
“When you were nine?”
He nodded. “Suki, my teacher, left the position to me when she died.”
“How’d you get the herbs from the ceiling?” Gilla asked.
“I got them,” Lora said. “I was around by then.”
“How about you?” Tillie asked. “When did you three start doing… whatever it is you do?”
“I’ve had a sword in my hand since as long as I can remember,” Joyah said. “Does that count as whatever it is I do?”
“If we’re going along those lines then I’ve been doing archery since I was five,” Gilla said. “It sounded a lot more impressive before you two went and beat me out.” Jeff shrugged.
“I don’t remember when my father started teaching me.”
Gilla tilted her head and squinted at him.
 “We first met when we were five. You’d already started training by then.”
Jeff looked slightly surprised. “You remember when we first met?”
“Of course! Don’t you?”
“Yeah, I just didn’t know you did.”
Gilla sighed and dropped her elbows on the table.
“Everyone started before me!”
“And yet you’re really good,” Jeff said. “Maybe that means you’re more naturally talented.” Gilla seemed to like that idea.
“Yeah, yeah!”
“Well you still don’t have to worry about starting last,” Lora said. “I started when I was fourteen. Both Tillie and Nagai started two years ago.” Joyah had finally learned that boy’s name!
After dinner Joyah went outside. She climbed the rocks around the meadow so she could look across the landscape below her. The view was spectacular. This was the highest up in the mountain she’d ever go, and with the clear night she was able to get the full view. Out in the distance she could see where the forest slowly dissipated and the rolling hills began. To each side the mountain ranges faded off into the distance. As she watched the sun slowly dropped towards the horizon. The sky was bursting with colors. There were oranges and yellows and reds and pinks. Up higher, the sky was fading to mixtures of purples and blues and blacks.
Orwen pulled himself up next to her.
“This is amazing,” she said.
“It’s always been one of my favorite parts of living here,” he agreed. “I suppose you don’t get sun sets like this down in the forest.” She shook her head.
“You don’t see nearly as much. And the sun goes down earlier than this. I guess you can see farther past the horizon here.”
Orwen took his eyes off the sky and looked at her.
“When you get your strength back, are you going to be leaving here?”
“I suppose so,” Joyah said. “I mean, we’ve never been able to stay in one place for very long. Though, I guess it’s actually safe here since they can’t find us. And it’s not like they know where we’re going, so maybe we should stay longer.”
“Everyone likes having you here,” he told her. “It’s been so long since something different has happened or since we’ve met someone new.”
Orwen looked back over the skyline. After a pause he asked, “What’s it like? In the real world.”
Joyah chewed her lip.
“Different than I’d expected, though I’m not quite sure what I expected. Everything’s so big and grand. There are cities full of people from all over. The houses alone are at least two stories high, and there are libraries four stories high that are absolutely full of books. Merchants line the streets selling all sorts of things, and you can get anything you want from the shops there. The healers buy their supplies from herbalists instead of foraging for them. People there usually don’t know those on the next street over, and there are those who’d stab you in the back for a couple gold coins. It’s so large and dangerous, and yet…” She paused, looking for the right words. “Enticing.”
Joyah looked at him. “Do you think you’ll ever leave here and see all that for yourself?”
He shook his head slowly. “Most likely no one here will ever leave this mountain, especially not me. Lora, Tillie, and Nagai could handle things without me, but still.”
“Do you have any friends your age?” Joyah asked. He thought for a moment.
“Not really. I don’t spend much time with other teenagers. I don’t mind.”
Joyah felt a pang of sadness when she realized that once they left they’d most likely never see this boy again.
“Well,” Joyah said. “Now you have three.”


Chapter 26
Reunion


Joyah hadn’t meant to stay in the village so long. She’d hoped originally to find out what they needed and get to the Sanctuary as quickly as possible. But before she knew it another whole day had gone by, and then two. Without even realizing it Joyah started drifting back into the happy daze she’d lived her life in back in her home village. The people of the mountain village started feeling a little less timid around Joyah and her friends. The small group of children absolutely adored taking them out into the mountains and showing them their favorite playing spots. Each expedition they went on, Joyah was slowly getting stronger. There were four teenagers in the village who were friendly enough, but the three foreigners found themselves staying more with the healers, especially Orwen. It wasn’t until three days after Joyah had woken up in the village before things began to change.
The children had taken Joyah and Gilla farther than they had before. Jeff was staying back at the village. One of the men was going to start teaching him how to make arrows. The seven kids scampered ahead, shimmying up rocks and drops like they weren’t even there. The two girls followed much more slowly.
“Where are you taking us?” Joyah called up, not for the first time. Sano stopped to look back at them.
“You’ll see!” he called. “It’s just right up here!”
Joyah and Gilla climbed up a small cliff to find their little guides standing before them next to a drop off.
Miyake stepped up importantly.
“Look, this is the edge of our cliffs that faces down the mountain! Watch this!” She took a small rock and threw it as far and high as she could. Together they counted the seconds out loud.
“One, two, three, four…” Sploosh. Joyah heard the rock land in the river below.
“Nice one!” Miyabe cheered. Sato stood straighter.
“I hold the record with eight seconds,” he said proudly. Gilla stepped up near the edge, close enough to make Joyah nervous, and peered over.
“I could beat that.”
“Then you try,” Sato said, handing her a rock.
“If it doesn’t hit the water it doesn’t count,” Kata warned.
Gilla took it and backed up. With one motion she lobbed it into the air. The kids counted.
“One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven, twelve…” Sploosh. “Yaaaay!!” They cheered and jumped around. Joyah’s heart was in her throat, they were all so close to the edge! Sato pouted.
“Don’t worry,” Joyah told him, putting her hand on his shoulder. “She’s bigger than you. When you get older I bet you’ll hold the record again.”
“Joyah,” Gilla said. “You need to come see this.”
The kids fell silent at her tone. Joyah stepped up near the edge and looked to where Gilla was pointing. Joyah’s breath caught in her throat.
“I thought these cliffs were impassible.”
“They are,” Miyabe said.
“Then why are those people climbing into them?” she asked her.
Miyabe looked where Gilla was pointing. A dozen or so white cloaked figures were climbing some ledges in the distance to their left.
“Those aren’t part of our cliffs,” Miyabe said. “They’re a different part of the mountain. It’s another set of cliffs off that way. We don’t go there.” She looked up at Joyah, concerned. “Why? Are they bad?”
Joyah watched the people disappear behind the rocks, wondering if Henna was with them.
“We need to get back to the village.”
A couple minutes and skinned limbs later the two girls ran up the hill to the healer’s cottage. Jeff had seen them coming and met them half way.
“What’s wrong?” he asked.
“The Angels are in the mountain,” Gilla told him.
“The mountain?” he asked. “As in, these cliffs this mountain?”
“No,” Joyah said. “But it’s still bad. Those people knew of our plans. Even if they can’t get to the village they still have a chance of finding something before us.”
“Vacation time’s over,” Jeff summarized. He turned to call back into the hut. “Hey Orwen, we need to talk with the elders!”
Joyah had thought that they would have to wait for hours until the adults came back from work, but as it turned out the elders left work early. She felt touched that they cared enough about their mission to make time for them like that. They gathered inside a larger hut at the center of the village. It had the fire pit in the center and the low table that most huts had, but other than that its only furniture were some rugs stacked in a corner for kneeling on. This place was obviously not used for living in.
Wilsy and Onni were both given chairs to sit in, but otherwise they all stood. The elders gathered around the room with the three teens in the center. There were around a dozen of them, all respectable looking people over the age of thirty. Kate was the youngest. She had an air of uncertainty that came with newbies. Saito leaned against the far wall, the center of everything. Orwen came in last even though he wasn’t an elder. Saito nodded to him.
“Healer. Welcome to the council hall.”
“Thank you, Chieftain,” Orwen answered. Joyah understood that Saito had showed him respect by addressing him by his title, and Orwen had done the same. Even here healers were highly respected.
“So,” Saito said. “I guess that you are going to give us your reason for being here.”
“Yes,” Joyah said. “Sorry we didn’t tell you earlier.” Saito shrugged.
“We didn’t want to pry.”
“Well I did!” Onni called, waving her cane. “This village hasn’t had foreigners here since before my lifetime! I want to know why they’re here now!”
Joyah caught a few of the elders rolling their eyes. She looked at her friends, a little unsure of how to begin. Jeff stepped in.
“We’re looking for a special place, called a Sanctuary. It’s supposed to be a place where the pieces of an ancient, magical necklace can be safe.”
“An ancient magical necklace,” one of the elders echoed. He looked like the second youngest there. Jeff looked a little embarrassed.
“I know how it sounds, but Joyah found this.”
On cue she reached into her pocket and produced the jewel. Almost simultaneously the elders sucked in a breath and leaned forward to get a better view.
“A man named Mallew Archibald told us that it’s the center of the Connarist necklace,” Joyah explained. “Right now there are two super guilds, the Assassins and Angels, who are willing to kill to find it.”
“This is ridiculous!” the man scoffed. The elders mumbled amongst themselves. Joyah couldn’t tell whether they agreed or not.
“Nagao,” Saito said warningly. “We must take turns speaking.”
“Seriously, Saito,” Nagao said. “Magic? Super guilds? Angels? That doesn’t exist.”
“Nagao,” Orwen said quietly. Immediately the room went silent. “Perhaps you should let them finish before you start judging them.”
“What does that have to do with us?” Oza asked Joyah. “All you have told us has to do with the outside world.”
“We heard that one of the Sanctuaries may be in the mountains,” Joyah told them. “We were hoping that, although you may not know of it directly, there may be stories of havens such as that in your legends or tales.” The elders looked around at one another. The mumbling in the room increased again. Joyah felt hope flutter and wane in her chest. Had they been wrong? Had they come all this way only to find their lead false?
“Onni,” Saito said. “Have you ever heard of a story like this?” Onni rested her chin in her hand thoughtfully.
“In all my years here I have never heard of such a place.” She paused. “But I do remember of a tale my grandmamma once told me, just once, when I was a little girl.” She paused again. “I do not remember all of it, but it begins like this.”

Once, long ago, when the great gods and demons ruled the lands and the humans were merely barbaric tribes wandering about, our river was kept by a great dragon whose life force rested inside a gem. It lived in the pool where the river began. The pool had healing properties, but the dragon guarded it from any who would try to use it. One day a young warrior journeyed to the pool to save the life of his true love. Like many before him he was defeated by the dragon. Right before he died, he discovered the gem and broke it. The dragon died, but the pool lost its properties once the dragon was gone, so the warrior died as well.

She looked around the room. “If any place were to be the one you’re looking for, it would be that one.”
Joyah grinned at her friends. Maybe there was hope after all!
“Do you know anything about where this might be?”
“Of course not!” Onni snapped. “What do you think I am, a walking map?” Gilla involuntarily made a motion like she was reaching for Addri’s map, but she stopped herself. No one but Joyah noticed.
“There’s no guarantee the pool would even be there,” Oza said. “It is, after all, an almost forgotten story.”
“But that’s why it might be,” Jeff said. “These things we’re dealing with are so old almost everyone’s forgotten about them. If any story’s going to be useful it will be the old ones.”
“Hey, if any of you are even able to give us a sense of direction at least it might be helpful,” Gilla said. “I’m pretty good at finding my way with little to go off of now.”
“How about nothing to go off of,” Nagao said. “Sorry kid, but no one here’s even heard about any of this accept Onni. You’re just chasing shadows.”
“Not necessarily.” They all turned to look at Orwen. “Healer?” Saito asked. Orwen stepped forward a bit, right into a ray of sun that seemed to make him glow. “When I was younger, before Nagai’s little incident with the rock slide, some of the children would go out to those lower cliffs. We found this place in the cliffs with a pool and waterfall inside.”
“Could you take us there?” Joyah asked hopefully. He thought for a moment.
“It’s been a while, but I think so.”
Gilla put a hand on her hip and looked over at Nagao.
“Chasing shadows, huh?”
“When do you need to be leaving?” Saito asked them.
“As soon as possible,” Joyah said. “We want to get there before the Guild of Angels does.” She looked to Orwen. “But it’s really up to you.”
“You have your strength back already,” he said. “So I could take you there today if you wish.”
“How far away is it?” Jeff asked.
“Only a few hours for us,” Orwen said. “It might take you a day or so.” Oza started for the door.
“You’re going to need supplies. Let’s see, food, flint, water…”
Kate ran out after her.
“Oo, wait for me!”
“I’ve got a spare water skin!”
“How about some new arrows?”
“I’ve just finished a couple new blankets!”
Gilla followed the flow of people out. “Did someone say something about arrows? I’m running low.”
It didn’t take long for the elders to get everything they thought they might need. This was obviously the most exciting thing that had happened to them in years. Joyah left it to Jeff to politely explain that no, they did not need a tent or a live sheep. In a matter of minutes Joyah and her friends found themselves at the far edge of the meadow ready to go. Their packs were surprisingly light, though since they would only need supplies for two days that made sense. The elders were gathered to see them off, wishing them good fortune and a safe return. Even Nagao seemed hopeful.
After the elders had gone and before Joyah could climb the ledge a hand gripped her shoulder. She turned to find Onni standing behind her.
“Now you take good care of our healer, you hear? He’s the best healer in anyone’s life time and a good boy.”
“I will.”
“And take care of yourself. No need to send a search party out to drag back your dead corpse.”
Joyah smiled. “I will. It’s almost as if you care, Onni.”
“What gave you that idea?” She turned and hobbled back to the village in a huff. Joyah smiled at her retreating figure before following her friends.

Orwen turned and helped pull them up a particularly tricky spot. Joyah and Jeff both accepted his help. Gilla, on the other hand, stubbornly ignored his outstretched hand and scrambled up herself.
“Don’t worry about her,” Jeff told him. “She’s just annoyed that you’re a better climber than she is.”
“He is not! I mean, I am not!” Gilla exclaimed. Joyah grinned.
“Just admit it, Gilla. You had trouble there and he didn’t.”
“So?” Gilla said crossly. “He’s been this way before.”
“But not in years,” Joyah reminded her.
“Gilla, you are a very good climber,” Orwen stepped in. “If you’d grown up in the mountains you’d be better than me.” Still huffy but more pacified, Gilla went on ahead and scurried up the next set of rocks.
Joyah rolled her eyes before following her. The rocks were simple enough, but there was a loose section she hadn’t seen. Her foot went through the hole. The rock under her shifted, tilting her backwards. She felt a hand brace on her back. The hand pushed her back up into position. A little embarrassed, Joyah smiled her thanks to Orwen. 
 “Gilla,” Orwen said once they’d caught up to her. “I think maybe it would be best if you’re in the back.”
“Why?” she asked warily.
“Because if someone falls we need someone else who’s able to catch them without falling themselves,” he told her. Joyah turned a little pink. Gilla straightened a bit.
“Sure, whatever.”
“So, how come we’re going up when that place you’re taking us is down?” Jeff asked as they climbed.
“We have to follow the lay of the land,” Orwen told him. “After this crest we should start going down again. Be careful here, we’re going to come close to the edge of the cliffs.”
Joyah pulled herself up a rock and found the ground dropping away to her right. She peered over the side, but she saw no one.
“How far do you think the guildsmen may have gotten?” she asked.
“It depends on where they were,” he told her.
“They were over there!” Gilla called from the back.
Jeff made room for her so she could join them on top of the rock. She pointed off in the direction they were going. Joyah and Jeff exchanged looks.
“Is it possible for them to find this place we’re going?” Joyah asked.
“I don’t know,” Orwen admitted. “I’ve never come in that direction. It’s a rather large mountain though,” he added reassuringly. “They’re not likely to find it.”
“Yeah, with our luck?” Gilla said sarcastically.
“There’s someone down there,” Jeff said suddenly, looking down the cliff. Immediately they dropped to their stomachs to peer over the side without being seen. There really was a figure moving along at the base of the cliff. The figure was like a live shadow. There was only one group of people who looked like that. Assassins.
“Should I shoot him?” Gilla asked. Suddenly the figure looked up the cliff like he’d heard her. The four of them drew back from the edge.
“I see you up there. You three are getting lazy.”
Gilla and Jeff exclaimed “Archie!” and Joyah yelled “Mal!” They stood to their knees and leaned out to get a good look at him. And there he was, Mallew Archibald, standing at the base of the cliffs. She couldn’t see his face from this distance, but Joyah could tell that he was trying to act grumpy.
“I’ve been gone less than a week and you three are already sticking your necks out like you’re just asking someone to shoot you.”
“It’s good to see you too,” Jeff called back.
“How did you find us?” Joyah asked. Mal reached into his pocket and pulled out what looked like a piece of paper.
“This came drifting down from the sky.”
Joyah’s mouth fell open.
“Is that Addri’s map?” Gilla asked.
“You need to keep better track of your things,” he told her.
“Hey, not my fault!” she complained. “Joyah lost it!”
“Who’s your friend?” Mal asked. “You three pick up people everywhere you go.”
“This is Orwen,” Joyah called down, putting her hand on Orwen’s shoulder. “He’s the senior healer at that mountain village we were looking for.”
“And he’s taking us to this special place that may or may not be the Sanctuary!” Gilla added in.
“Orwen, this is Mallew Archibald,” Joyah continued.
Orwen waved down at Mal. “Hello!”
“Good day, healer,” Mal called up. “Is there any way for me to get to you four?”
“If you continue down that way then you can meet us when we come down the mountain,” Orwen told him, pointing the way they were going. “I’ll try to keep us as close to the edge as possible.”
“Alright.”
They walked along the edge for a while. Joyah and her two friends filled Orwen in on how they’d met Mal. Orwen didn’t seem very surprised at any of it, though he looked furious when they told him about the evils the Assassins did. He didn’t react badly when they told him about Mal’s history with the Assassins either. To Joyah’s surprise he said, “He is a very strong person to leave a guild like that, and a good person to work against them.”
“So what’ve you been doing all this time, Archie?” Gilla called down.
“Attempting to find you,” he answered. “You have no idea how hard it is to find three people on a mountain.”
“Not too hard,” Jeff said darkly. He told him about their run from the Angels, that little incident in the river, and the Angels climbing into the cliffs.
“So keep an eye out for them,” Gilla summed up once he’d finished.
“What exactly are these ‘Angels’?” Orwen asked. Jeff sighed.
“Man, we really need to get you caught up.”
The three of them then went on to tell him about their incident with the Guild of Angels. Joyah felt a little dumb for not having told him earlier. After all, they had a greater chance of running into them on this trip than they had with the Assassins.
Joyah wasn’t afraid of heights, but climbing vertical ledges next to a huge drop was enough to make any sane person at least a little nervous. She paid careful attention to where Orwen put his feet and hands. Some of the spacing between the feet and hand holds were a little undersized for her since she was taller, but it wasn’t too bad. Orwen turned and offered his hand to help her over the lip of the ledge. Joyah in turn did the same thing for Jeff. Jeff didn’t dare try it with Gilla.
They came to a rather steep looking hill going down. Joyah peered dubiously at it.
“Are we going down that?”
“It isn’t as bad as it looks,” Orwen told her. “Just wait until I get down. Then you can go one at a time.” He leaned over the side of the cliff to see Mal. “We’re going to have to go inward a little ways. Just keep going forward and we should meet back up soon.” Mal nodded. Orwen turned sideways and edged down the flatter part. Small gravel skidded down below him. When it got steep enough he turned so he was facing the cliff and climbed the rest of the way down. He turned and waved back up at her.
Jeff leaned over the edge.
“It looks a lot farther now.”
Joyah gave him an encouraging smile.
“It’ll be fine.”
Joyah turned sideways like Orwen had, inching down the flatter part. Loose pebbles fell away just like they had for him. When she got to a tiny shelf he called up, “Now turn around and climb down.” Slowly she turned so she was facing the rock and lowered herself to a crouch. “The first foot hold is a foot or so bellow your left foot,” Orwen told her. “You can hold onto the ledge.” She put her hands on the smooth rock and lowered her foot down. She felt around until her toes encountered a sturdy feeling niche. Experimentally she put her weight on her leg. After discovering that she wasn’t falling she slid her right leg off the ledge and lowered it down near her other one. “The next foot hold is a little to your right and down,” he called. She continued slowly down like this. Orwen spotted the best route down for her and called gave gentle encouragement along the way. The encouragement wasn’t really needed, but it was nice anyway.
Finally her foot touched solid ground. She secured both her feet and stepped back.
“Well done,” he said. Joyah looked up the way she’d come.
“It doesn’t look as high from down here,” she called up to Jeff. He turned and started down the way they had done before him. Joyah found herself more worried than when she had gone down herself. It seemed to take longer this time around. Joyah breathed a little easier when he touched down. Gilla came down more confidently, though Orwen still had to spot some tricky holds.
Only when Gilla had made it safely did Joyah look at their surroundings. They had climbed down more inward just as Orwen said they would, the mountain blocking their view of down below. Joyah worried briefly about Mal out all on his own. They followed the way of the land even farther inward and down. They hit narrow and steep sections, but not as bad as the one they had gone down. It was hard to see the sun from where they were so Joyah had no way to keep track of how long they had gone. Eventually they came to a two way split. One crack went out to what looked like open air. The other went even farther into the mountain. In front of them was a smooth looking, diagonal chunk of rock.
Without hesitation Orwen went up to the rock, found some little cracks to hook his fingers and toes into, and started scaling it. Jeff looked over Joyah’s shoulder.
“Are we going to have to climb that?”
“It’s either go out onto a small ledge over open air, go farther into the mountain and lose any hope of rejoining Mr. Archibald, or climb,” Orwen said. He reached the top and pulled himself up. “It isn’t as hard as it looks. You can hook your fingers into those cracks there.”
“He always says that,” Joyah caught Gilla muttering. With a small smile she approached the rock and put up her hands and right foot the way she’d seen Orwen do it. If he could make it then so could she. (Technically not true, but she wasn’t going to think about that.) With one motion she hefted herself up. Orwen had been right, again. It wasn’t as bad as she’d thought. If she’d been doing this on her own she’d never have thought of trying it.
The three of them made it up uneventfully. After looking around Joyah found that once more they were on top of a large flat section. She looked back up the way they’d come. A mishmash of terrain led the way up to the plateau they had come from. She was a little surprised at how far they’d come in that amount of time.
Joyah stood and went over to the side. At first she saw no sign of Mal. Then she caught some movement ahead of them.
“Look, there he is.”
Gilla came up next to her and cupped her hands around her mouth.
“Hey Archie, wait up!”
Mal gave a start and spun around. He crossed his arms and tapped his foot.
“You do remember how well sound travels in these mountains, right?” Jeff asked. Joyah slapped Gilla on the back of the head.
“Be careful here, the ground slants out,” Orwen warned. Joyah leaned down a bit to put her hand on the rock to her right as they walked. The ground rose steeply to their right until it came to a point just above their heads. Mal waited until they had come even with him to start walking again. Joyah felt a sudden wish to be actually walking side by side with him. They were so close to being reunited and yet so far. Even if he was with him they still wouldn’t be complete, though. Not for the first time Joyah wondered where Hasin was and, maybe, if he was thinking of her.
The terrain sloped down jaggedly for a while. There were enough sharp points to brace their feet on, though they had to be careful not to slip and cut themselves on some sharp stones. Of course, even if they had it wasn’t as if it would be a big problem. They did have a healer with them. They had had Mal to patch them up before, and he was good at it, but it wasn’t the same. Joyah touched her face where her burns had been and once again marveled how they were completely gone.
Eventually the terrain stopped sloping down as much. For a moment Joyah was disappointed since they were still so far from Mal. Then she remembered that those cliffs were the only things between the terrible Guilds and the mountain village. They’d find a way to get to Mal. The cliffs could stay.
Shadows around them were getting longer. Joyah glanced behind her to see how high the sun was above the horizon. It had been past noon when they’d left.
“Did you really make this trip within one day?” Joyah asked.
“You’d be amazed how fast a couple mountain children can move,” Orwen said. “It took an hour or so to get out and maybe an hour and a half to get back. We had a lot of time and the distance just made it feel more special.”
“How much farther away is it until we can meet up with Archie?” Gilla asked. “We only have around an hour until dark.”
“We’ll come to the edge of these cliffs pretty soon,” Orwen said. “We can lower a rope to get down.”
“Maybe we should just have Mal come up,” Joyah said. “It’ll be safer if we spend the night up here.”
“Okay.”
“Did you hear that, Archie?” Gilla called down.
“Considering I am dozens of feet below you I’d say not,” Mal responded.
“When we get to the end we’re dropping a rope down so you can get up here,” Jeff told him. He gave them a thumbs up.
It couldn’t have been more than a half an hour until they reached the point where the cliffs really started curving up the mountain. The memory of their run up the mountain in the rain came to Joyah’s mind. They’d been so close to the Sanctuary without even knowing it. Jeff tied some rope he’d been carrying to a heavy looking rock and dropped the end down for Mal. After giving it a testing tug Mal braced his feet on the wall and started working his way up. When he got close enough Joyah and Jeff each took an arm and pulled him up next to them. Immediately the three of them wrapped him in a hug.
“It is so good to see you again,” Gilla said.
“The same with you,” Mal answered. “It seems you three had at least enough sense to keep yourselves alive in that amount of time.”
“Pleased to finally meet you in person,” Orwen said. Mal squinted at him.
“Aren’t you a little young to be a healer?”
“Aren’t you a little old to be an adventurer?”
Mal harrumphed. “I’m not that old.”
“I know,” Orwen said pleasantly. “I was just saying that to make my point.” Mal looked at him for a moment before shaking his head.
“Pleased to meet you as well.”
“We should pull this rope up so no one can get up during the night,” Joyah said. Gilla rolled her eyes.
“No dip.”
Joyah glared at her and reached for the rope.
“Surely you wouldn’t want to abandon the last three members of your party,” a voice called up from below. Joyah lunged to the side so fast she nearly went over. Sure enough Hasin Starling was grinning his knowing grin up at her, the setting sun shining off his golden hair and bathing him in light. She could barely make out the twins in the shadows.
“How did you find us?” she asked, delighted. He tapped his head.
“As I said, photographic memory.”
“Or because Gilla yelled to Mal,” Jeff mumbled.
“It seems I’m still out of the loop,” Orwen said.
“Don’t worry, I’m pretty sure these three are the last of our group,” Joyah said. “They went back to warn some people we met about the Guild of Angels when we found out the guild was evil.” She leaned over the edge. Gilla was talking but she missed what she said. Hasin was tying the end of the rope around Ruen’s waist. Joyah looked back at her friends. “There’s something I’ve been meaning to tell you guys.”
“What?” Jeff asked.
“Those sashes the twins wear signify that they’re part of an assassin’s guild,” she told them. She added in quickly, “Not the super guild, though. I thought you should know before they get up here.”
Before any of them could react Hasin called, “Pain!” Joyah looked down over the edge again. “Pull him up,” he called. Joyah stood and took the rope. Jeff took it behind her. Together they hauled Ruen up the side of the cliff. It was much easier than pulling Addri up from the underground tunnels had been. After Ruen was up he threw the rope back down. Hasin and Ala climbed up on their own.
Once Ala was up Hasin turned to Orwen and flashed him his charming smile.
“I don’t believe we’ve met.”
“I’m Orwen, the senior healer of the mountain village here.”
“Hasin Starling. It looks as if you four were successful,” Hasin said.
“More than that,” Joyah said. “Orwen’s taking us to a place that might be the Sanctuary.”
“Marvelous,” he said. “It seems your Journey’s almost completed.” Orwen mouthed the word ‘journey?’ to Joyah questioningly. She mouthed ‘later.’ “These are my friends,” Hasin said, gesturing to the twins. “Ala and Ruen.”
“Are you a herbalist?” Orwen asked Ruen, looking at the oddly shaped pockets on his pack.
“A poisoner,” Mal said softly. Orwen’s smile froze. He and Ruen stared at each other a moment too long. To Joyah neither of their expressions looked incredibly friendly.
“So where to next?” Hasin asked, ignoring Mal’s remark.
“We were about to stop for the night,” Joyah said. “Tomorrow we should make it to the Sanctuary. Or what we hope is the Sanctuary.”
“It shouldn’t take more than a half an hour to get there,” Orwen said. Joyah felt a small thrill of excitement. They were so close! And everyone she wanted was with her. With this group she felt like they could do anything.
It didn’t take long to set up a small camp. Joyah curled up the rope while her friends took some dinner out of their sacks. Hasin and Mal questioned Orwen on what the mountain village was like. He was happy to tell them about his home. Jeff and Gilla were talking quietly to each other, shooting not so happy glances at the trio. For a brief moment Joyah was worried that maybe it hadn’t been a good idea to tell them about the twins' occupation. She quickly dismissed the thought. After all they’d been through together Joyah didn’t have the right to withhold information like that.
Joyah put the rope in Jeff’s pack and sat next to Hasin.
“What happened when you left us? Did you get to the Resistance in time?”
“Naturally,” Hasin said. “I can’t say they were too happy to see us. We warned them about Lyre and the Guild of Angels. An wasn’t exactly friendly, but she moved them out as soon as we left.”
“An’s alive?” Joyah demanded.
“Highly unsteady,” Hasin said. “But alive.”
Joyah became aware of Orwen looking at her expectantly.
“We met a group of kids in the mountain while we still thought the Guild of Angels was good,” she explained. “They were the survivors from some of their raids. One of them overreacted and attacked us. Henna Lyre, a guildswoman we thought was our friend, stabbed their leader, An.”
“But now they’re safe,” Mal said. “Let us hope then we never run into them again.” Joyah nodded sadly.
“We’re technically on the same side, but they’re so full of hate. Meeting them again would only mean pointless bloodshed.”
“You have a knack for being depressing,” Hasin said lightly. She glared at him.
“How can you be so calm about something like that?”
He shifted closer so their shoulders were almost touching.
“Think about it. There’s not a likely chance we’re ever going to see them again, they have a strong leader who isn’t dead, and they’re still putting up a fight against the Guild of Angels. Even if we don’t get along, as long as they’re out there we know we’re not the only ones making a resistance.”
Joyah’s expression softened to slight annoyance, mostly because he was right. She looked at the ground, her face turning a little pink at their close proximity.
Luckily Orwen saved her from the silence.
“What are you planning on doing once the jewel is in the Sanctuary?”
Joyah rubbed a hand on her forehead and looked at Jeff and Gilla. They looked at each other.
“Go home?” she guessed. Hasin chuckled.
“Which means she has no idea,” he translated for Orwen.
“Hey, I haven’t had much time to think about it,” she snapped. She leaned forward a bit and played with the chain under collar in thought. “I guess I really will want to go home. See my family again.”
“Me too,” Jeff agreed.
“Well I’m not going home!” Gilla exclaimed, crossing her arms. Joyah laughed.
“You can come with me to my village.”
“But first both of you are coming to my house. I’ll need to prove to my mother that you’re still alive,” Jeff said.
“I’d like that,” Joyah said.
“How about you, Mal?” Jeff asked.
“I really would like to see my library again,” he said thoughtfully. “It must be a dreadful mess in my absence. Not to mention after someone knocked it down.” He looked pointedly at Joyah.
“Knocked it down?” Orwen asked.
“Yes, please tell,” Hasin said, raising his eyes at Joyah. She shrugged.
“We were getting attacked by some Assassins, so I kicked some of the bookshelves on top of them. They ended up taking out one of the walls too.”
Mal sniffed, hurt by the memory.
“My poor library, my poor, beautiful books.”
“Always a librarian at heart,” Gilla said.
“Don’t worry, I’m sure they’ve began fixing it by now,” Jeff reassured him.
“I wonder who the new librarian will be,” Gilla wondered.
“Mal’s still the librarian there, Gillie,” Jeff said. She jumped at him and twisted his arm behind his back.
“Don’t call me Gillie! I told you never to call me that!”
Jeff was trying not to laugh.
“All right, all right.”
“Just like siblings,” Hasin said. Jeff glared at him. Mal gave Gilla a withering look.
“New librarian indeed!”
“Children, have you had enough roughhousing now?” Joyah asked. They grinned impishly at her. “We should set up watches just in case,” Joyah continued.
“It shouldn’t take more than one person at a time,” Hasin said. “We are up in the cliffs after all.”
“Why set watches at all?” Gilla asked.
“New librarian!” Mal huffed. Joyah ignored him.
“In case something happens we don’t want to miss.”
“Plus it’s a good habit to get into,” Jeff added.
“New librarian!” Mal repeated.
  Joyah volunteered to get last watch, but somehow she ended up with first watch. She briefly wondered how this had happened as she leaned up against a rock facing the edge of the cliff. Her friends’ breathing one by one fell into a peaceful rhythm as they drifted off into sleep. She tilted her head back and looked up at the moon. It was full and bright, lighting up the night and the clouds around it. She still couldn’t see any stars.
“It’s a good moon tonight.” Joyah tilted her head so she could see Orwen. He was sitting just a bit to her left, glowing softly in the gentle light of the moon.
“It’s the first moon in a while,” she agreed. She looked back up into the sky. “Do you think we’re going to get any stars soon?”
“No.” He gazed up at the moon with her. “The clouds are coming back. It’ll rain again soon.”
“Orwen? Do you think the place we’re going to is really the Sanctuary?”
“I don’t know,” he admitted. “I hope it is.”
“What if it isn’t?”
“Then you keep looking. You look until you find what you’re looking for. I know you will.”
“How?”
“Because you’re that kind of person.” He took his eyes from the sky to her. “I don’t think you’d let something as small as an unknown location stop you.” A small smile appeared on her lips.
“That’s a silly thing to say.”
“I know.”
She let her breath out softly.
“It’s weird to be so close. I never really did put any thought into what’ll happen after my Journey until today.”
“What is your Journey?”
Joyah explained to him about her family’s Journeys and about her Journey sense. She told him about how she found the jewel in the river and the goal of her Journey. He was a good listener, sitting intently until she’d finished with her story.
“I know it sounds crazy,” she said.
“Maybe,” he agreed. “But not unbelievable. We are traveling to a magical place called a Sanctuary with an ancient artifact in order to thwart two super powerful guilds after all.” Joyah laughed quietly.
“My whole life is crazy.”
“It’s not necessarily a bad thing.”
“It feels like one.” She closed her eyes and leaned her head against the rock. “I’m only doing this because it’s my Journey.”
“That’s not really true,” he said. She hesitated.
“No, you’re right, it’s not.” She rubbed her eyes. “I’m doing it because I have to. No one else can, no one else will. I have to protect my family.”
“You’re a very noble person, Joyah.”
She looked over at him.
“I don’t feel like one.”
“But you are,” he said. “Even if you can’t see it.”
Joyah gazed down at the ground below them. She froze. In the light of the moon she caught a shadow move. She moved to the edge of the cliff and lay on her belly.
“What is it?” Orwen asked.
She held a hand back to quiet him. The shadow moved again. She was right. The Assassins had followed them into the mountains. How in the world do they keep finding us? she wondered. She watched the Assassins move off back in the direction Joyah’s little group had come from. At least they didn’t know where they were exactly. Joyah breathed easier once they had gone.
“The Assassins are in the mountains,” she told Orwen. “We’ll have to make sure everyone knows about them as they get up for watch.”
“Talking about watches, I think yours is up,” Orwen said. “Mine’s next. You should get some sleep.”
“How can I sleep now that I know they’re here?” Joyah asked. Orwen took her shoulder and eased her away from the edge.
“They can’t get to us. They don’t even know where we are. You’ll need your strength for tomorrow if there’s the chance of any trouble. You won’t have it if you don’t sleep.”
Giving in, Joyah crawled under her blanket and closed her eyes. She didn’t know what they were going to find tomorrow, but she had a feeling that whatever it was it was going to be important.


Chapter 27
The End



Someone was shaking her roughly by the arm.
“Wakey wakey! Rise and shine!”
“Gilla,” Joyah heard Jeff say. “Your voice is piercing.”
Joyah groaned and pulled the blanket over her head. A moment later two heavy things landed on her. She peeked over the blanket to find her boots sitting on her. Finally she sat up. It seemed everyone was up before her. They were all fully dressed and getting ready for the last leg of their trip. Hasin was pulling his other boot on.
“Late riser?” he asked with a grin.
“Usually not any more than you,” she said groggily. Joyah pulled on and buttoned up her vest before yanking on her boots.
The dew was still dampening and chilling the air around them. The sun hadn’t peeked through the clouds enough to burn it off even though it was past early morning. Joyah stood and rolled up her blanket. She was determined not to let herself get any stiffer from the cold than she already was. So she kept herself moving, packing the few things she had taken out and walking around as she ate a cold breakfast. After the few days of warm food in the mountain village the cold veggies seemed even worse. Joyah hadn’t noticed Ala’s absence, but she notice when the small girl returned. Ala said something to Hasin before going to help her brother pack his bag. Joyah caught the looks her friends, minus Mal, were giving the trio. She suppressed a sigh. Something would need to be done about that.
Orwen was at the edge of the group organizing his supplies. Joyah stood next to him.
“Alright,” she said quietly enough that only he’d be able to hear her. “So what’s with the hostility?” He sighed and stopped what he was doing.
“He’s a poisoner, Joyah.”
“I know,” she said. “And he’s our friend. He’s using his skills to help us save a whole lot of lives.”
“I know,” he said. “And I’ll try to be friendly, but I just can’t make friends with someone whose whole job is to kill others.” Joyah squatted next to him, her hands clasped on her knees.
“Mercenaries do that.”
“Mercenaries don’t have the knowledge we have,” Orwen said. “‘We’ being healers, herbalists, and poisoners. We know more about nature and how it can be used for us. Healers and herbalists use this knowledge to help people. Healers are the most selfless people out there.”
Joyah raised an eyebrow at him. He rolled his eyes.
“I’m not being vain, it’s true. Long nights at the bedside of the sick, going immediately to where we’re needed. Our whole career is dedicated to helping others. Poisoners are the exact opposite of that.” He shook his head. “All their knowledge and they use it for themselves. So I’ll try to be friendly, I’ll really try, Joyah. But I don’t think we’ll ever be friends.”
After a moment she nodded.
“That’s all I can ask of you. Thank you.”
Orwen went back to organizing. Joyah stood and walked a couple steps away. She had a feeling Jeff and Gilla would be less reasonable. She rubbed her eyes. She’d deal with them after they visited the magical place. Who knew, maybe that problem would take care of itself.
It didn’t take long for them to be ready to head out. Joyah stuck a couple sticks of Dragon Weed in her pocket, just in case. Jeff tied the rope to the same rock as the day before. They lowered Ruen down first before climbing down themselves. Orwen stayed at the top. Once they were all down, he untied the rope and dropped it down. He climbed down the side of the cliff by himself.
“Very nice,” Hasin said appreciatively when Orwen touched ground.
“Thank you,” Orwen said.
“Where to next?” Gilla asked. Orwen looked around for a moment before pointing diagonally up and away from the cliffs.
“This way, I think.”
“Without the ‘I think’ that would have had a little more conviction,” Jeff said.
“Keep an eye out for either kind of guildsmen,” Joyah reminded them.
Joyah went directly behind Orwen. After her came Hasin, and after that she lost track. She did hear a quick skirmish between Gilla and Mal on who would take the rear. She wasn’t sure who won. They climbed up. The thin air was making it hard for Joyah to breathe fully, but she wasn’t going to be the first to complain. They took more frequent breaks than usual. That must have been why. At one point far along they had to stay quiet while they passed through a falling rock zone.
They had been climbing for a while when they reached an odd formation in the rock. A gradual slant upwards had been carved out of the rocks on either side. It wasn’t until Joyah saw the metal railings sticking out of the ground to their right did she realize what it was.
“Are those stairs?”
“Yes,” Orwen said. “We thought that maybe people came to this place a lot a long time ago. It’s long been abandoned now.” They made their way up the stairs. Joyah ran her hand along the metal railing. It was very rusty, but it seemed sturdy enough. 
The stairs ended after only a couple yards. The rocks on each side rose steadily into the air until they formed a wall on either side that toward over them. The ground slowly gained altitude until the group was on top of the rock walls that had surrounded them. In front of them a narrow path led between even higher rock walls. Joyah heard the sound of falling water.
“We’re close now,” Orwen said. “It’s just around the bend.” They followed him onward. When they came around the bend they caught a view of what they were looking for.
High, mossy walls filled with ledges and holes surrounded a large, circular grassy area. At the far end a waterfall fell into a pool that took up most of the clearing. A large tree trunk somehow had fallen across the gap in front of the waterfall, even though there were no trees around. In the center of the pool stood a rock pedestal. Immediately Joyah knew. They had made it. This was the Sanctuary.
There was only one problem.
A ring of white cloaked figures surrounded the pool.
Joyah grabbed Orwen and Hasin and yanked them to one side. The rest of her friends joined them. Joyah and Jeff peered around the bend again to get a better look.
“They beat us here,” Jeff hissed in frustration. They put their back to the wall with the others.
“We led them straight to it,” Joyah said grimly. “They must have found it while looking for a way to follow us.”
“What do we do now?” Gilla asked.
“There are too many to fight,” Jeff said. “Even if we put a toe in there they’ll see us.”
“These walls are filled with a network of tunnels,” Orwen said. “We can at least get closer to them.”
Joyah looked up at the rock wall behind them. She scanned it until she spotted an opening farther above them. She turned to face the rock and secured her hands and feet before pulling herself up. She climbed to the opening and knelt inside. The tunnel was small enough that they would have to crawl, but it was big enough to fit through. She leaned back out.
“Orwen, do you know the layout of these tunnels?”
“As well as can be expected,” he answered. He climbed up after her. She leaned back to give him room to squeeze past her.
The rest of their group climbed up after them. Joyah followed Orwen through a maze of tunnels. They passed a couple openings that led out to shallow ledges. At one point they went down and past an underground room with a horizontal slit that allowed one to see outside. After going up again they finally came out into an open section. A chunk had been cut out from the rock where they could overview the pool far below. It was a tight squeeze to fit all of them inside, so Gilla and Mal hopped up on top of the rock wall.
Jeff stared down at the guildsmen thoughtfully.
“There’s got to be a way to get passed them.”
“I don’t suppose any of these tunnels lead directly into the pool,” Gilla said to Orwen.
“I highly doubt that,” he told her.
“All we need is a plan,” Hasin said. “If we can distract them and lead them away, then one of us can get to the pedestal.”
Joyah nodded. She drew the shape of the Sanctuary and the pool in the dirt at their feet.
“Time to make a plan.”

Joyah peered around the bend. The guildsmen were as they had been. Jewel in hand she snuck around the corner, keeping close to the wall.
“There!” The shout came from the pool. Joyah’s head whipped up. About half of the guildsmen were charging her. She ran forward, but it was too late. They formed a half circle around her, cutting her off. She backed up, but her back hit the wall behind her. It was to the left of the bend and way too far from the pedestal.
“Give us the jewel!” one of them shouted.
“Like the abyss I will!” she yelled back.
“You have nowhere to go!” the man said. With a jolt Joyah realized it was Commander Laurence. “Give us the jewel and you won’t be harmed!”
Like you’d just let me walk away, Joyah thought. She looked around desperately. There really was nowhere to go. The nearest tunnel was yards away. A flash of light came from the top of the rock wall across from her. She did her best to ignore it. Maybe she could climb the wall? No, they’d be on her before she could make it anywhere. There was only one option.
Joyah bowed her head. She slipped the jewel into a small pouch and pulled the drawstring tight.
“You win,” she choked out. Commander Laurence signaled for her to toss it to him. She hesitated. There had to be another way. She couldn’t just hand it over. The guildsmen raised their weapons threateningly. Joyah looked Laurence in the eyes. “Behind you,” she said calmly.

Jeffery Raymond watched the events play out from the observation point they had found before. They hadn’t created a simple plan. About a thousand things could go wrong. First Ala had to find the Assassins and get “captured.” She’d tell them about the Sanctuary and where it was. On the way there Mal would help her escape. Apparently that part of the plan had gone well. Mal had already given the signal to Joyah, and then she’d been “captured” by the Angels. Ala had given her a signal from the top of the far rock wall to let her know that the Assassins were about to enter the clearing.
That would be when things got complicated. In theory Joyah would provoke them into fighting. During the confusion Gilla would shoot as many of them as possible. Hasin would join their ranks as a member of the Guild of Angels. While they were fighting Joyah would climb halfway up the wall where she’d give the bag to Jeff. He’d give her a bag with a rock inside and then take the jewel to the pedestal. Hasin would then take out the Angels Commander as if he was an Assassin in disguise the whole time and the Angel guildsmen would fall. The Assassins would demand the bag from Joyah, who’d give them the fake one. Ruen would create smoke with all those herbs and such of his so she’d be able to escape. The Assassins would leave with the “jewel”, planning on finding her another day.
That was all in theory. About a thousand things could go wrong. Jeff’s stomach was twisting into knots. What if they just shot Joyah? What if Gilla wasn’t able to pick off enough of them in time? What if he messed up and got himself caught?
Of course Jeff would never show any of this. Especially since Starling was standing right behind him wearing a Guild of Angel’s cloak. He apparently had pillaged it from their compound while they were still staying there.
“You’d better get going,” Jeff told him. “Joyah should have them fighting any moment now.”
“Do you really think I’d miss my cue?” Starling asked. “Honestly, it’s like you have no faith in me.”
Jeff felt his face grow hot from anger. What a jerk. What a cocky, arrogant, playboy jerk. It was bad enough Starling had a habit of flirting with Gilla when he obviously had a thing for Joyah. He also knew exactly how to push Jeff’s buttons. Right now was not the time for that, though. Jeff had to stay focused. He had to set aside his feelings for his friends.
Down below the Assassins had already entered the clearing. Joyah was supposedly asking which group to give it to. The Angel’s leader was the first to turn on the Assassins. It didn’t take long after that for the fight to start.
“Look, you really need to go,” Jeff told Starling.
“Relax,” Starling said. “I’ll be one my way in a moment.” Jeff gritted his teeth. Remain calm, he reminded himself. Technically Starling was a friend.
“What’s the hold up?”
“I was just wondering whether or not your healer friend is still around.”
That was an odd question.
“Yeah, he should be down with Ruen. Why?”
“Because you’ll need him.”
In one swift motion Starling took a dagger from his boot and slid it under Jeff’s back ribs.

Orwen watched things play out without him. Everyone else had insisted that he didn’t take part in their plan. Orwen knew that they were just trying to protect him since he wasn’t part of their group. Still, he wished he could be doing more than nothing.
He heard Ruen moving around behind him. He didn’t know whose idea it was to leave the two of them alone in that underground room. He looked over his shoulder. The other boy was preparing the smoke. Orwen turned his attention back to the slit in the wall, remembering what he had told Joyah. Friendly, he had to be friendly. Usually friendly came easy to him. With Ruen this was not the case.
“How many times have you done something like this?” he asked politely, trying to sound interested. Ruen didn’t answer. Orwen hadn’t expected him to.
“Wait a moment,” he heard Joyah say. “You both want the jewel, right? So which one should I give it to?”
One of the Assassins held out his hand.
“The jewel is ours!” the Angel’s leader bellowed. He drew his sword and charged the Assassins. Orwen hadn’t been around very long, but he had the feeling wisdom was not a common Guild of Angels quality.
“It’s almost time,” he told Ruen. “Are you ready?” Still no answer. A hissing sound came from behind him. Orwen turned to find that the poisoner had already started the mist. He took a couple quick steps forward. “It’s not time yet. She still has to give the jewel to-” He cut off short when he smelled the smoke.
Orwen lunged for the pot. Ruen stumbled out of the way. It was too late. Orwen felt his limbs slowing down, his eyes drooping. He fell to one knee, still too far away from the pot to stop it. He had to yell, to warn his new friends of the betrayal before it was too late. But it was too late for Orwen. The world tilted sideways. He watched Ruen close the pot to stop the smoke. Then he blacked out.

Gilla Fletcher knew something was wrong. She stopped firing especially since it wasn’t any fun anyway it was like shooting fish in a barrel. Why would someone shoot fish seriously there were so many more practical ways to catch a fish. That was off topic the real problem was that Joyah was climbing the wall and Jeff wasn’t going to meet her where was he? It was not like him to be late with something as important like that. Contrary to her friend’s beliefs Gilla really did have a very good internal clock and knew for sure that Jeff was late.
 Gilla felt a flash of worry. Jeff didn’t know it but he was the closest thing to being a friend she had had before she’d nearly shot them at the archery range. He was the only person who hadn’t been chased off by her mother or her own aggressiveness for reasons she didn’t know and she couldn’t lose him now especially that they were real friends.
Gilla chewed on her lower lip for a moment thinking before she decided to go take his place in the plan. Joyah would be mad but Joyah could suck it because this time she had a good reason for not sticking with the plan. She was being mature since she was doing what was best for everyone instead of just freaking out and going to look for Jeff instead. Joyah wouldn’t understand that Gilla had learned her lesson because no one ever took Gilla seriously just because she tried to look on the bright side of things and Gilla hated it when Joyah was disappointed with her, but what else could she do?
There was one of those wicked cool tunnels not far from where she crouched so Gilla took that tunnel down to the ledge Joyah was on. She took a brief moment to appreciate the tunnels again before stepping out. Seriously, those tunnels were awesome! Joyah whipped her head around when she saw her coming and her curls bounced around her shoulders like they did whenever her head moved. Gilla had a flash of jealousy. Joyah looked beautiful and dangerous. Gilla looked cute. Right now Joyah also looked pissed.
“What are you doing here?” she hissed.
Gilla glared back at her, really annoyed.
“Look, Jeff’s missing and someone needs to get the jewel to the pedestal.”
“Do you have the other bag?” Joyah asked.
Gilla rolled her eyes seriously this girl needed to think things through.
“No, duh, Jeff has it. Just give me the jewel and put a rock into the bag you have.”
Joyah gave Gilla the jewel and Gilla gave a small start because she’d never touched the jewel before and it was not what she’d expected. She wasn’t sure what it was but there was something about it that seemed different. Whatever. Gilla handed Joyah a rock before disappearing back into the wicked awesome tunnels. Seriously, other places needed tunnels like these.

Joyah Pain turned her attention back to the two guilds before her as Gilla slipped away. Worry tugged at the back of her mind. Where was Jeff? Why wasn’t he there? From the looks of things Hasin had gone missing too. Maybe some guildsmen they hadn’t known about had caught them. If that was the case then at least they would be together. As much as they didn’t like each other, Joyah was sure they’d work together when the situation called for it.
There was not time to think about it, though. Even without Hasin and Gilla taking down their numbers, the two groups were doing a fair job of taking each other out. It was rather satisfying to watch them go at each other. While the Assassins were nimbler and sneakier, the Angels were tougher and better fighters.
There was a problem with that, though. They were spending so much time going at each other that Gilla would get to the pedestal before one of them went down and the other left. There could be no chance of someone spotting the other girl before she had a chance to make it with the jewel. Joyah glanced across the clearing. Gilla hadn’t appeared yet, but she could at any moment. Something had to be done, even if it meant deviating from the plan. The plan was pretty much blown anyway.
With a sigh Joyah realized what she had to do. As quietly as she could Joyah moved along the ledge towards the entrance of the Sanctuary. If she could distract them long enough Gilla could make it across the pool. She just hoped Ruen would be ready with the smoke to help her escape and hadn’t gone missing like Hasin and Jeff.
She hadn’t gotten far when the cry went up. “Hey, she’s getting away!” Joyah took off running. The two guilds started scrambling to get into a position to stop her. Unfortunately for them, they had to fight past each other to do so. Joyah’s ledge sloped down enough that she could hop off safely to the ground. She landed in a roll and came up running. “Ruen!” she yelled. She really could use some mist right about then!
No mist came. The two groups were disorganized enough for her to get around the main bulk of them without getting shot. She pounded towards the entrance, praying for mist with each step. Two Assassins and an Angel suddenly appeared in her way. Without hesitation she slid past the first guy, caught the second guy’s dagger hand and used his momentum to swing him around to stab the third guy. She took his crossbow for the heck of it, not breaking stride. The way looked clear, so she put more power into her legs. Joyah was giving up hope of getting that smoke from Ruen. It seemed she’d just added another person to the MIA list. What about Mal? She scanned the tops of the walls. No sign of him. That made four.
Joyah just barely got around the bend before they shot at her. She could hear the bolts tinking off the rock wall. One good thing about the situation was that they couldn’t shoot her in the path. It was too twisted to get a good angle on her. The bad thing was that they were gaining on her, and once the faster ones caught her, engaging them would slow her down enough to allow all of them to swarm her. From the sound of the many footsteps following her they’d gotten their act together enough to give up fighting each other and just go for her. Great. She needed a plan.
Joyah rounded another corner and found the corridor opening up a bit. The stairs were up ahead. She got an idea. It was ridiculous and stupid and she could not believe she was actually going to do it, but hey, she needed a lead to get time to find something better and was a little pressed for options.
Joyah practically flung herself down on the railing. Her momentum gave her extra speed as she flew down the rail. It turned out the railings were stronger than they looked. They held her weight and soon she was practically flying. The end came suddenly and she dove off into a roll. She came to her feet running.
She glanced behind her. The railings had given her a lead, but she was still being followed. She had to think of something soon.
A stitch was starting to form in her side. Joyah ignored it. There was no time for her body to give out on her. She’d been running for what seemed like forever, but what else could she do? Joyah nearly killed herself running down the now uneven ground. The chase had led them out of the smooth Sanctuary path and back into the mountains. A rock caught her toe and she fell. She rolled down a steeper section and came to a very ungraceful stop at the bottom.
Joyah pushed herself back up to her hands and knees. She shook her head to clear it. Ow. The sounds of running footsteps caught her attention. Joyah looked over her shoulder. She couldn’t see them yet, but she could hear them. They’d be there any moment. She looked around frantically. Time was up. Maybe something in the terrain could help her. Where were they? She strained her mind back to the walk up with Orwen. Hadn’t he said something special about this section? Joyah smiled. Yes, he had said it was a falling rock zone.
Joyah scrambled up into the rocks to her left. She’d have to figure out how to knock them down at the right time. That first part was easy. The rocks started tumbling from just the pressure of her hands. Joyah smiled down below her. That smile disappeared when the land around her started to buck. No! They were falling too early! Her one lifeline was slipping away! In a panic Joyah jumped in from of one of the largest boulders, bracing her back to it and her feet on a ledge. She gritted her teeth at the weight of it. She couldn’t let them go too early. She wouldn’t! Her friends were counting on her. The rocks ground to a stop. Whew, that was a close one.
That was when the guildsmen came running around the corner.
Her position had left her open for their crossbows.

Gilla Fletcher had already memorized where most of the tunnels went because she was just that awesome so it didn’t take long for her to reach the ground. Gilla left the tunnels near the water fall. She looked across the water and saw that yet another thing had gone wrong since Hasin hadn’t taken out the Angel’s leader and Ruen hadn’t helped Joyah escape. Joyah was making her move to get away and the two guilds saw her. Gilla heard them yell and saw Joyah take off with them hot on their heels. Something had happened to Mal too since he was supposed to cover her in case she was followed but he wasn’t. Gilla had to get this over with fast. She ran for the pool, but before she could get there Hasin Starling stepped in-between.
Gilla skidded to a stop.
“Where the abyss have you been?! This plan is falling apart!”
“I know,” Starling said earnestly and Gilla couldn’t help but notice how cute he was. “That’s why I’m here. You can help Pain more than I can. I’ll take the jewel the rest of the way.” He held his hand out to her. Gilla rolled her eyes.
“You should have just gone to help Joyah.” She moved to go around him but he sidestepped to still be in between her and the pool.
“You’re able to pick them off at a distance,” he told her. “There’s less of a chance of one of us getting hurt. You’re good enough to take them all by yourself.”
Normally Gilla would have been flattered but right then she was just annoyed.
“And you and Joyah are good enough to take them out with no problem. Get out of my way.”
He wouldn’t. “Stop being stubborn, Fletcher!” he said.
“You stop being stubborn!” she yelled.
Gilla darted past him, but he grabbed her elbow and used her momentum to spin and throw her to the ground where she had been before, slipping her bow off her shoulders on the way by and flinging it out of range. Gilla’s mouth dropped open in surprise. He’d attacked her.
“You guī sūnzi!” She staggered to her feet. “You wáng be! You’re the reason nothing’s going right! You betrayed us!”
Starling shrugged, unconcerned, his faked honesty gone. Suddenly he looked dangerous.
“It’s nothing personal. Just give me the jewel.”
“Traitor!” Gilla shrieked. She drew one of her hunting daggers and lunged.
Starling caught her wrist and spun her again. This time she landed on the other side of him near the edge of the water so she scrambled towards the pool. Starling came up behind her and hooked his ankle in front of hers, collapsing her leg out from under her. Gilla hit the water with a splash. It seemed unfair that he’d use a move she had so often watched Joyah use on others.
Starling grabbed her collar and threw her out of the water. She landed on her side and immediately scrambled to her feet. Rage was burning through her but she knew that she couldn’t stop to fight him now. She had to get to the center of the pool and then she could kick his ass. Gilla faked one way and darted the other. It didn’t work. Starling open-hand punched her in the chest sending her stumbling backwards.
“You don’t want to do it this way,” he told her idly. “You don’t want to end up like Raymond.”
Gilla froze. Her stomach clenched. She felt cold.
“What did you do to him?” she demanded.
“Give me the jewel and you can find out,” Hasin told her.
Gilla screamed. She lunged at him driving her knife at his face. There was a rumbling roar in the distance but Gilla didn’t care what it was. With infuriating ease the bastard sidestepped her and tripped her again. This time she didn’t fall but stumbled a bit before turning to kill him. He caught her wrist before she could turn and twisted bringing her arm above her head and nearly breaking her wrist. He caught her dagger as she dropped it.
“Nothing personal,” he said and brought it down on the base of her skull with a solid crack that reverberated through her head. She dropped like a stone.

Ruen met Hasin on the ledge near the tree bridge. He asked him with his eyes if he had the jewel. Hasin held it up, grinning.
“Did you ever doubt me?”
No, but that was of no consequence at the moment.
“Have you seen Ala?” Ruen asked. Ruen wasn’t worried about her, but it was unlike her to be late. Hasin shrugged, saying with his eyes that she’d be there any moment. As if on cue Ala jumped down from the rock wall.
“Where’ve you been?” Hasin demanded. “You were supposed to take out Fletcher after you finished with Archibald.”
Ruen raised an eyebrow at her. Had that joke of an assassin really given you trouble?
She rolled her eyes and gestured to a cut on her cheek. He’d seen her coming, but he wasn’t a problem now. Hasin turned to Ruen, silently asking about the healer. Ruen grinned evilly. Taking out that hùndàn had been very satisfying.
Ruen watched Hasin count off people in his head. They were all dealt with. Hasin held up the jewel triumphantly.
“Lady and gentleman, we have earned our prize!”
Ruen and Ala rolled their eyes. Hasin put it in his pocket before turning to leave over the tree bridge.
A shape leaped over their heads. Hasin sidestepped the person, who rolled to a crouch between him and the tree bridge. Pain rose to her full height, the wind fanning her hair out behind her.
“You’ve forgotten someone.”

Joyah Pain glared at Hasin, hatred boiling inside her. He’d betrayed them. He’d betrayed her.
“Where are my friends?” she demanded.
“Well you can see Fletcher right down there,” Hasin said nonchalantly. “Archibald and your healer are both where you last left them. So is Raymond, though he’s not going to be moving anywhere any time soon.”
Joyah’s heart jumped to her throat, but she didn’t let it show.
“Neither are you,” she snarled. Hasin laughed.
“Really Pain, I’d thought we knew each other better than this. You don’t want to have to fight me, do you?”
“Definitely,” she said softly. “I’d like that very much.”
“That would be a shame,” he said. “You don’t have to get hurt.”
“You’re just scared,” she sneered. “You know you can’t win.”
He drew his sword and swung it in circles with a flick of his wrist, unconcerned.
“No, I’m afraid it’s quite the opposite.”
Joyah lunged. He flicked her sword away and drove the tip of his towards her chest. She barely managed to slide it to one side. In the same motion she brought her sword down in a slash down across his abdomen. Jeff had taught her that move. He parried it high and thrust under her arm. She spun to avoid it, turning her momentum into a sweep kick. He stepped back. She came up from her crouch like a snake, aiming for his chest. He turned sideways and hooked the hilt of her sword in his, using her momentum to push her past him. Joyah spun to keep him in front of her. She leaped towards the wall and kicked off it. Ala scrambled to get out of her way. Joyah flipped in midair, deflecting Hasin’s sword away. She landed on the tree bridge. Her foot slipped off and she fell to one knee. Hasin didn’t press his attack, though. He waited for her to regain her footing.
The exchange had lasted for less than a couple seconds. Joyah hated the feeling that he was playing with her. Enraged, she attacked again, slashing and thrusting at him. At first Hasin didn’t seem to care. Then his eyes narrowed when he realized she was making him lose ground. Suddenly he pressed in, going on the offensive instead of letting her do the attacking. Joyah back peddled, the change taking her by surprise. She felt herself back out onto the tree bridge again. Then her eyes narrowed as well. She planted her feet and held her ground.
Their swords flashed in the air between them. Each time one of them pushed harder, the other one would step up even more. Joyah found herself going harder than she ever had before. Each move was faster, each one stronger. It was taking all her years of training, all her skills and talents to keep him back. She was approaching her limit, but Hasin was just getting faster, stronger. He started forcing her back, step by step. She was nearing the center of the tree bridge, where the waterfall had made it slick and thin. In a panic Joyah desperately thought for a way she could beat him. Jeff had told her that watching Hasin was like watching her. They fought the same way. What was he doing that she wasn’t?
Joyah took another step back, her foot landing on the slippery section. Hasin studied the ancient art too. Maybe he was focusing through a gem. But he didn’t have a gem. Joyah was forced another step back. Her foot nearly slipped. She wobbled and stumbled backwards to avoid his blade. His blade! The decorative hilt of his blade was covered in little diamonds. That was how he was doing it. Joyah ducked under his thrust. So he had jewels when she didn’t. It wasn’t like her sword was decorative. It didn’t have gems.
Except it did.
Joyah suddenly felt really stupid for not realizing it before. A red gem was implanted in the hilt of her sword. Joyah retreated back into the slippery area even more. Suddenly her foot came off again. She fell to one knee, clinging to the wood. Hasin stopped just before the thin part of the tree. Joyah struggled to get her balance, but it was too thin and wet. Joyah bowed her head and closed her eyes. Focus, balance.
Slowly Joyah stood. She brought her hands together in front of her, bringing her herself to an inner calm. She focused on her breathing. Then she turned her focus to the jewel in her sword. Focus. She took a step forward. Concentrate. She took the hilt in both hands and raised it in front of her. Balance.
Joyah opened her eyes. Hasin was realizing his mistake too late.
She stepped forward and attacked. Hasin blocked her attack, but just barely. She forced him back with her sudden force. With each step she felt the change. Suddenly the whole world seemed clearer. Suddenly each move she made felt right, each shift in her body felt… perfectly balanced. Hasin planted his feet. She didn’t know what kind of energy he was using, but finally they were even. Finally they were balanced.
Their swords flashed faster and faster. One would gain ground only to find themselves pushed back again by their opponent. Joyah remained in the slippery area, but it didn’t matter anymore to her. Neither of them touched one another. They remained interlocked in a frenzied dance, a stalemate neither of them could break. It was exhilarating and breathtaking and terrifying. Joyah was alive inside, her soul dancing with the hum of her blade. She could not tell who would win or when it would end.
“You must know I have the upmost respect for you,” Hasin said. Joyah considered that an odd thing to say right then.
Suddenly movement caught her eye. Joyah flicked her blade to one side and cut the dart Ala had shot at her from the air. Hasin lunged into the opening. She knocked his blade away from anything important, but his sword caught her side.
But it wasn’t Ala who had shot at her. It was Ruen. Ala’s shot had come a beat later, whizzing through the air the exact same time Hasin’s blade had cut her side. It hit Joyah squarely in the shoulder, knocking her backwards. Joyah staggered. Her link with the gem broke. The world was going black. Joyah glared at Hasin, sending out all her hatred and fury and pain at him as if her look alone could destroy him. Then she fell.

Ruen watched Hasin catch Pain and bring her to the side. Ala moved to stand next to him. She looked down at the girl’s form crumpled on the ground.
“Who would have won?”
Hasin looked down at her as well. Then he turned to cross the tree bridge.
“I have no idea.”

Joyah’s head hurt. Her shoulder hurt. So did her side. The ground was hard underneath her, and a rock was digging into her back. She groaned.
Someone moved near her.
“You awake yet?” Gilla asked.
“Starting to wish I wasn’t,” Joyah mumbled. Then her eyes snapped open. “Where’s Starling?!”
“Gone,” Gilla said. “He and his cronies were gone when I woke up.”
Joyah sat up slowly. Her throbbing head was almost unbearable, but she had to bear it. She looked around to find that they were the only two there.
“Where’s everyone else?”
“Orwen and Mal are working on Jeff,” Gilla said quietly. Joyah looked at her friend. The other girl’s eyes were red from crying, though her face had already dried.
“How is he?” she asked. Gilla shrugged.
“I don’t know. It feels like they’ve been down there for hours.”
Joyah looked away. She closed her eyes. They’d failed. They’d failed and her best friend was hurt, possibly dying. Oh no, she thought. I promised his mother I’d protect him.
“It’s the same spot Addri was hit, only worse,” Gilla whispered.
“Addri did not die from that wound,” Joyah said forcefully. She shoved down the pain of that memory and the panicky fear of it being repeated with Jeff. “Addri was hit afterwards. That’s what killed him. And we have a healer now to jump on this right away. Addri didn’t have that.”
“But we don’t know how long any of us were out,” Gilla said. “Who knows how long he could have been laying there bleeding before we found him?” Joyah fell quiet at that. She didn’t want to think about it. “Do you think…” Gilla started hesitantly. “…that he’s the one from your prediction?”
“No,” Joyah said immediately, her head snapping up. The other girl looked evenly at her.
“Is that your Journey sense or your friendship speaking?” 
Joyah opened her mouth to reply, then closed it. She dropped her hands to her lap and let her shoulders slump.
Joyah felt like her heart and hope had been ripped from her chest, stomped on, spit in, and left to die in a hole. She wanted to curl up into a ball and cry until everything went away. But she didn’t. Joyah carefully shifted so she was kneeing. Pain shot up her side, but she refused to wince. Joyah lifted her shirt to find her side bandaged.
“Who did this?”
“I did,” Gilla said. “I don’t have much experience with that kind of thing, but the other two have been a little busy.”
“Thanks.”
Gilla sniffed. “Last time I saw you the guilds were chasing you. How’d you get away?”
“Mostly I got lucky,” Joyah told her. “Do you want the long version or the short one?” Gilla shrugged.
“The long one. It’s not like we’ve got anything to do.”
“Okay,” she said. “Well, they were disorganized enough for me to get on the ground and out to the Sanctuary path without getting shot. A couple of them got in my way, but it wasn’t hard taking them out.”
“I knew that they were gaining on me. I needed a plan. That’s when I saw the staircase and I… kind of got an idea.” Joyah hesitated, a little embarrassed.
“What idea?” Gilla asked.
“It’s childish and stupid,” Joyah said.
“What is it?” she pressed. Joyah sighed.
“I thought that if I could get a lead on them then I’d have enough time to think of how to better get rid of them. And then the stairs made me remember about playing on the railings back at Jeff’s house and how fast we’d go, and…”
“You didn’t,” Gilla said.
Joyah smiled sheepishly. “I did. Turns out that railing is still strong enough to hold as much weight as me.
“It did the trick. I got a pretty good lead. I still had to figure out how to get rid of them all. I led them on a long run for a while until we came upon that falling rock zone.”
“I think I know how this is going,” Gilla said.
“Probably,” Joyah agreed. “Yes, I had the idea of dropping rocks on them.”
“You know, I think I heard that,” Gilla said. “There was this really loud noise when I was attacking Starling. I didn’t care about it at the time.”
“Yeah, well, I climbed up into the rocks as fast as I could. The rocks fell really easily, but they did it too early. I had to hold the one in the front up so they wouldn’t fall down before the guildsmen got there. The problem with that was that it was open for their crossbows. That was when I remembered the crossbow I’d taken from the Assassin, so I used it to brace the rock. That gave me another idea.
“The guildsmen had stopped when they saw me and were leveling their crossbows. I dove behind the rock when they fired. They started moving forward again once I was under cover. I lit one of the Dragon Weed sticks I’d had in my pocket using the sparks Addri’s dagger made against the rock behind me, just like my sword had down in the tunnels. I stuck the stick on the crossbow and ran.
“I knocked down as many rocks as I could without getting shot. Soon the crossbow was too weak to hold them up. It collapsed and the avalanche started. I had to dive out of the way. Once it was finished none of the guildsmen were in sight anymore. After that I ran back here, fought Starling on the tree bridge to a draw, reached perfect balance, and got shot by Ala.”
“That’s a lot more eventful than my story,” Gilla said. “I got my ass kicked by Starling and lost the jewel.” They fell silent at that.
Finally Gilla spoke.
“What was it all for?”
“What?” Joyah asked. Gilla moved so she was kneeling in front of Joyah, her face and posture hopeless and desperate.
“What was the point of this entire adventure? We failed. Nothing came out of any of it besides Starling taking the jewel and hurting Jeff. We accomplished nothing. What was the point?”
Joyah didn’t know. She stared at her hands. What was the point? What was the point of her Journey if she just lost everything in the end?
And then she knew. Joyah rose to her feet. Her face hardened as she turned to face out over the mountain. The wind picked up to fan her hair out behind her. When she spoke her voice was as hard as her determination.
“The point is that we’re in this now.”
“What?”
“We’re in this for real. It’s not just taking the jewel to the Sanctuary anymore. That was never my Journey. Our journey.” She turned back to face Gilla. “We’re going to make him pay. We’re going to beat him at his own game. We’re going to complete the Connarist necklace and use it so none of them can hurt anyone ever again. Especially Starling.”
Gilla stood beside her, still looking unsure.
“Are you sure we can?”
“Yes.” She was one hundred percent sure. Joyah looked back out over the mountain. “You hear that, Starling?!” she yelled. “We’re coming for you, and this time you’re not getting away!
“It has begun!”

###

Thank you for reading my book. If you enjoyed it, won’t you please take a moment to leave me a review at your favorite retailer? The second book in the Journey series is coming soon, keep your eyes open.
Thanks!
Serena Labrecque

Connect with Me

For the latest information on the series and promotions, please check out the website and join the mailing list. You won't hear from us too often, we hate spam as well. In addition, everyone that signs up for the mailing list will receive the first chapter of book two free!

Join my mailing list: http://www.slabrecque.com/mailing-list/
Follow me on Twitter: @SerenaLabrecque
Friend me on Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/authorlabrecque
Visit My Website: http://www.slabrecque.com
Favorite me at Smashwords: https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/grin5

About the Author

Serena Labrecque has grown up in a little New York town where she lives with her parents, sisters, very large extended family, and many cats. She’s been aspiring to be an author since the third grade. Now a senior in high school, she has finally finished her debut novel, a project that took four years. 

