Janell Rhiannon
Birth
Livingstone Saga
Book One
Princess Guild Publishing
An Indie Press
California, USA

Copyright @ 2013 by Janell Rhiannon
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, electronic or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, or any information storage device without permission in writing from the publisher or author. 
*
This book is a work of fiction. References to historical events and people, or real locales are used fictitiously. Other names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination, and any resemblance to actual events or persons or locales, living or dead, is entirely coincidental. 
*
Kindle 1st Edition published by Princess Guild Publishing
ISBN 13: 978-1483972831
ISBN 10: 1483972836
Cover Art by @ Two Sisters 
Cover Art by Dreamstime 
Cover Design by @ Two Sisters
Edited by Melissa @ There For You Book Editing and Review 

Summary: 13th century. Secretly carved from scared livingstone, the gargoyle Celestino must chose to obey the required oath written in the Codex of Gargoyles, or betray everyone to follow his own desires?
*
Excerpts of Tristan and Isolde are used from public domain files.
Excerpts of 1611 King James Bible are used from public domain files.

For Kali Rose
the little señorita in my life
this one is just for you
my sunshine and giggles
on Saturday mornings

The sun rose and set,
Yet, death refused to obey his private tears
He knew only the death of not possessing her 
So he sought solace in casting evil back to the abyss
Always his bloody tears following
Always the death of not possessing her 
Iseo a ghost behind every corner, every tree, every thought
Peace eluded his heart as a mist
Sorrow his only companion
Calling him home, but he was already home
Calling him to her smile, but she was only a dream
I will not forget you
I will not forget us

Codex of Gargoyles
The angels fell to earth like burnt stones. Their cries filled the universal expanse of blue sky between Heaven and Earth. Without regret, God turned a deaf ear to their tormented cries as they fell. When they begged forgiveness, He threw thunder and lightning at them, not to kill them, but rather to remind them of their treachery. Their angelic betrayal ended with a ferocious holy hurl, a descent through atmospheric flames that singed their wings, a suffocating choking, and a sickness born from the knowledge of what was and what would never be again. So, angels fell like burnt stones, scattered across the world, condemned to aimless wandering.
Thus, Hell began on Earth before it seeped into the molten core. Their angelic arrogance caused them to deny the permanence of their fall. Who knows, except them, when this clash between Heaven and Earth commenced. The apocalypse is known only by God, and He has kept the secret for millennia, refusing to give up His date of reckoning. During the Separation from the Light, the deepest, darkest pain angels carried began to weigh on their shoulders. This pressed them into darker places, where they hid from the emptiness that filled their being, the emptiness where God used to dwell. Slowly, it dawned on their collective minds that there was no hope of the forgiveness God afforded so effortlessly to mankind. Anger began to boil, festering slowly in their minds, sown ever deeper by their discord. The Fallen began to hate mankind, who became their enemies through the haze of flame and ash. The Fallen joined with lower demons to torment their common foe. Heaven and Earth divided. Hell’s molten stench surged up through the Earth’s upper crust, allowing demons and the Fallen to torment God’s soulful creatures. They tempted them with false promises, and led them to Hell...holding hands with the burning darkness forever.
Legions of angels, commanded by Archangels, were sent to protect mankind from the Fallen and their demon soldiers. God saw that a new creation was needed to become the defender of mankind...one who could fight amongst men, one who could understand and protect them. One who was strong enough to fight the Fallen—but not covet a place in Heaven—because they belonged to this Earth. They were made of stone, created by the God inspired human hands of Makers, but not by God himself. The new warriors He called gargoyles.
God inspired the chosen Makers with visions and dreams of fantastic creatures with wings and animal faces. The Makers, following their dreams like sailors mapping a journey by the North Star, began to free the gargoyles from the livingstone. Only humans and angels are made by the hand and breath of God, and their reward is a place in Heaven. The gargoyles, made by the hands of their Makers, are forever barred from Heaven. In fact, the very act of their creation is the barrier between them and Heaven, therefore, they do not desire Heaven. They are soulless creatures, but not without gentle hearts and forceful minds. It is these traits that make them the most powerful intermediaries between demons and human souls, for they are the sacred exorcists. 

España (Spain) 1210 AD 
Chapter 1
Birth
The moonlight bathed the gargoyle in a translucent silver glow. Shadows fell across his face in a way that made her think she saw him move, but she knew it couldn’t happen before the dead hour. That slip of time when night ends, morning begins, and everything is hushed. Iseo waited nervously for the lion beast to awake. A breeze pushed a branch against the window, drawing her attention to the eerie scraping. She walked toward the window and looked up. Between the boughs she saw the radiant moon, an ancient pagan symbol of mother. The white orb hung fully rounded like the belly of a pregnant woman. How fitting, she thought, a full moon will birth my gargoyle from his livingstone silence to breathe his first air. 
It frightened her to be alone with this birth. It was forbidden for anyone except the Maker to be present at the moment of animation by first breath, for only Makers were permitted the privilege of seeing their God inspired work transform from stone to life. Ever after, others could observe the human and stone form, but never the gargoyle in his full terrifying glory, except for the demons he wrestled back to Hell. Gargoyles lived among a chosen few, shrouded by the church among the mysteries of Heaven and Hell. They were protected by legends, myths, and make-believe. Consequently, people believed and did not believe at the same time. 
The hair on Iseo’s arms stood on end, as stillness settled inside and outside the room. The candle wicks spat and sputtered in their squat wax cylinders. The dead time had begun. Her eyes transfixed on the gargoyle. The golden flecks in the livingstone shimmered first, branching out in golden veins pumping life into the stone figure. Light burst from his chest with a roar that shook Iseo’s bones and the timbers of the room. His leathery wings flew open like a ship’s sails catching a strong wind on an open sea. He flapped them wide, knocking glass jars and stone working tools off the workbench, snuffing out most of the candles in the room. Iseo stifled a scream, not so much because she did not want to, but because the scream remained trapped in her throat and the pathetic sound produced was no more audible than a sigh. Instead, her mouth opened in terror and awe; any remaining doubt she had that her work was indeed inspired by divine intervention evaporated. The moment she looked into his gray-blue eyes, she believed in God more than she ever had in her entire life. Doubts she didn’t even know she harbored fell away. Pure faith filled her completely, like a jug of water poured to overflowing in a cup. This is what purpose feels like. 
The winged lion inhaled his first air, blinked, and folded his wings behind him. He sat perfectly still on the carving dais, watching her, waiting for her signal. Iseo approached cautiously, forcing her shaking limbs to move forward.  She reached with a trembling hand to touch his nose, half expecting to feel coarse stone and was quite shocked to feel a wet black muzzle. He tilted his head to receive her touch, pressing his cheek into her palm. His gentle nudge calmed her fear of being devoured as a first meal. She brought her free hand up, cradling the other side of his face and gazed into his round leonine eyes. The gray-blue pools shimmered with swirling streaks of gold. She knew instantly that he was truly a magnificent beast of God. “Holy Jesus,” Iseo gasped, crossing herself.
The gargoyle stretched all four legs and shook his body, much the way a hunting hound shakes off water from a river swim...from head to tail, and then each paw. As he stepped down from the carving dais with the unsteady legs of a newly foaled colt, his tail whipped a mortar and pestle from the table top, causing him to turn around with a start. Iseo backed up to give him room. He did not seem to understand his size in the confined space.
“It is just a tool. It is all right,” she said.
He blinked at her and nodded his head. His body began to shimmer. Iseo stepped back so fast she tripped over a three pronged stool. She shrieked as a tremor shook his splendid frame from the tip of his wings to his clawed feet. A roar tore from his throat as he reared up on his hind legs. His wings flapped frantically once, twice, and the third time folded up into nothing behind him. With spasms and shudders, his body reconfigured into that of a man. 
The gargoyle-man coughed, arching his back, trying to find some comfortable space inside himself for the immense form he concealed. The beast of stone she knew, the beast of flesh she easily accepted, but the man—dark haired and powerful—was a stranger. He stood straight and strong, unashamed of his nakedness. Iseo had never seen a grown man without clothes. A hot blush rushed to her cheeks as she undid her work apron and handed it to him. He took it, saying nothing. 
“You wrap it around your body,” she stammered quietly. He just looked at her and blinked. A pained innocence filled his eyes, which remained blue-gray like the livingstone he was carved from. He looked entirely naïve about his purpose, about the war he would be fighting. Iseo finally stepped forward, taking the cloth in hand and wrapping his mid-section. The end of the cloth she tucked into the waist. “For modesty’s sake,” she explained, hoping her embarrassment would fade from her cheeks.
Iseo offered water to the newly born stranger. His hand clumsily took the goblet before raising it to his lips, greedily gulping the water down.
“May the Lord bless you and keep you,” she said, still marveling at his impressive figure. She knew her training would culminate in this holy, yet entirely earthly creature divinely inspired by her God. She was not prepared, however, to see him stand before her—first, as the powerful beast, and then as a man—and it made her dizzy. For the first time, she understood that the fight between dark and light, the war between Heaven and Hell, was real. If the gargoyle existed, so too did the evil beings he was born to fight. And that terrified her. What she believed through faith now stood before her. He was the evidence that God indeed existed. He was proof of the divine, the tangible evidence the world craved in philosophical schools since Adam’s banishment from the Garden of Eden, since the flood cast Noah on stormy seas for forty days and nights, since the Immaculate Conception brought Jesus to the light. And then, he spoke.
“Have I arrived? Am I now...born?” he asked. His voice a bass so deep her ribcage felt each word.
“You can speak?” Iseo asked.
“I know your language,” he cocked his head to the side. “While you toiled to bring shape and form to livingstone, you spoke. I listened.”
“I see. I suppose that is good.”
“I am here?” he asked.
“Sí, you are freed from the livingstone.”
“Are you my Maker?”
“I am the Lord’s vessel who carved you from stone.”
The gargoyle stretched his arms wide. “You are not like me. I feel you are different.”
“This is true. I am human and you are not. But, we are not so different.”
“I do not understand your meaning.”
“We are both creatures of God. When we were created, why we were created...it does not matter. We both serve Him.”
“How do I address you, my Maker?”
“Iseo. You may call me Iseo.”
The gargoyle tilted his head. “What do you call me?”
“Celestino.”
“Celestino,” he repeated. 
“It means from Heaven. You are born to serve the Lord.”
He nodded understanding. “Gracías, for freeing me.”
“You must save your thanks for Him. He guides my hands to do His will.”
Celestino took her hands in his and raised them to his lips. She felt his warm breath caress her skin as he hesitated, before gently pressing his lips to them. “Entonces, I am blessed by your gift, my Maker. I do not know this Lord you serve, or who I am expected to serve.” She blushed again. Her knees weakened and her heart beat wildly. 
“You will, Celestino. I will inform Father Tomas you have arrived safely.” It had not occurred to her that the gargoyle would literally be tabula rasa...such a blank slate with such incredible power must be dangerous. 

Chapter 2
God of Stone and Spirit
Years had passed since Father Tomas had beheld the wonder of a gargoyle in his sanctuary. The Makers were rare beings themselves, and to have one emerge from the flock in his parish, a woman no less, was something he regarded as miraculous. Or, perhaps, even a chance at redemption for past mistakes. He would gladly take responsibility for the spiritual training of this new creature of God, for he was determined that the past would not be repeated. 
Father Tomas paused in front of the rough-hewn door, before lifting the worn iron ring to push it open. The hinges creaked. He heard the shuffle of feet as the door opened wide enough to scan the interior of the room. In the center of the room, stood a man, a full head taller than himself. He found he was quite unprepared for the sight of this magnificent specimen of power and beauty. He knew the demi-mortal before him cloaked a beast whose terror promised to burn human eyes as they rested in their sockets. He thought it must have been the female influence that produced such a beauteous exterior. It would be his job to train and teach this gargoyle-man to serve God.  
“Buenos dias, Celestino,” Father Tomas greeted. 
“I return your greeting, though I do not know you.” 
“I am Father Tomas. Iseo told me you had successfully been born to the light.”
“Iseo, my Maker. She told me you would come.”
“I will be in charge of your training and teaching.”
“Training. Teaching. And you can do this? You are also not like me. You are like my Maker. Not of the stone flesh.”
“True enough, but I have gained the required knowledge to teach you the ways of God and train you for battle.”
“May I question...Father Tomas?” Celestino asked.
“Ask whatever you wish.”
“Who is this God?” 
Father Tomas hesitated before replying, “We start with theology.” He pointed to a wooden bench in front of the table in the center of the room. “Sit. We will be here for a while.” The gargoyle remained standing. “As you wish.” He knew this new creature would be vulnerable to the forces of the Evil One and his legions of demonlings, if they were to somehow sniff out his existence before he had taken the mantle of the Lord as his shield and spear against them. This knowledge created urgency on his part.
The priest filled a tarnished silver goblet with wine from the decanter on the table. Iseo knows me so well, he thought. He drank deeply before beginning to answer Celestino’s question. Taking a deep breath, he prepared himself to begin the explanation. “God is the beginning, and the end, of all things. He knows all things that were, are, and will be.”
“He is here? In this place?” Celestino asked. 
“Sí. He is here always,” Father Tomas replied.
“Where is He? Why does He not come and show himself, like my Maker?”
“It is more complicated than that, Celestino,” Father Tomas said, realizing that what he took for granted on faith would have to be instilled in Celestino. Almost as trying as converting a pagan, except the threat of eternal damnation for his soul would prove to be no motivation for Celestino. Being crafted by human hands, he had no soul. “God is spirit, like air, and moves where He will.” Father Tomas paused briefly before continuing, “He is everywhere all at once. He is...limitless.”
“God is here now? In this room? He cannot show himself to me as my Maker?”
“Sí, He is here now. God reveals himself through your very existence.”
 “I do not understand, Father,” Celestino said.
“You are proof that He is here. That He is real, that He exists,” he explained. Father Tomas tried a different tact. “People do not believe in gargoyles, Celestino.”
“But I am here, Father.” Celestino puzzled over the idea that he did not exist, yet he knew that he did. 
“I know you are. Your kind is kept secret from the world. Only Iseo, your Maker, can know you in all your forms.”
“Did you not speak that this God has knowledge of all things? Does He not know me?”
“Of course. You are correct. God and Iseo know you in all your forms. Your human and stone form can be safely known by all. The flesh gargoyle may only be witnessed by God, your Maker...and the demons sent by the Evil One, whom you will fight. You are forbidden from revealing your true nature to humans; therefore, you cannot prove your existence as a defender of mankind on God’s behalf.”
“Do you see God?” Celestino asked.
“I see Him through his works. He changes people and I observe those changes. I feel His power through His work, and because of that, I know He exists.”
“There are none who see Him then?” Celestino questioned.
“No. No one.”
“But I was made to serve Him, to fight these...demons?” 
“Sí.”
Celestino thought for a moment. “Does my Maker believe in this God?”
“She would not be here, if she did not. I warrant that after seeing you, had she any doubts, they quickly took wing,” Father Tomas laughed. He sipped his wine before he added, “Ironic that, because of you, we have proof of our faith. Because of us, you have only questions.”
“What else need I know of God?”
“He is a trinity of holiness. He is Father, Son, and Holy Spirit. He is of flesh and sangre, as well as, a spirit.”
“He is a man not seen?” Celestino shook his head. “God is a puzzlement.”
“As you are three things at once, so is God. Even though you are a man sitting before me, you are also a beast of flesh and a beast of stone.”
“So, I am like this God of three forms.”
“Sí, I suppose you are,” Father Tomas thoughtfully replied. And then began to chuckle.
Celestino’s questions sounded childlike. At less than one day old, he was more a catechism student, than warrior. “Come, Celestino. Let us walk below and talk.”
*
Father Tomas led Celestino through a long, windowless tunnel lit by torches in dusty sconces and candles dripping from black iron cages onto the cold stone floor. They traveled the secret passageway underneath the main sanctuary because Celestino was uninitiated in the world of humans and unconsecrated as a warrior of God. Until then, he would remain hidden. Together, they walked in silence; Celestino following the priest, observing Father Tomas’s uneven gait. After a time, they reached a spiraling stone staircase and climbed until they reached an ancient door at the end of the corridor. Father Tomas placed his hand on the weathered planks and dusty hammered iron, and looked at Celestino. He thought he would find forgiveness for his past failings, but now he was not so certain. So it begins...again.
“This is where you meet God,” Father Tomas said, as he opened the door. Bright golden light filtered past them, casting their shadow on the wall behind them. Celestino shielded his uninitiated eyes from the shock of light. He blinked until the burning brightness yielded and he took in the expanse of blue and green spreading forever before him. 
Celestino scanned the sky. Clouds morphed into shapes as the wind blew, birds flew and twittered, and the bells of the church echoed across the rooftops of the town. He could not tell where the sky ended.
“What is that?” Celestino pointed above their heads.
“The sky. Beyond the blue is Heaven, God’s abode.”
“The blue heaven.” Celestino nodded, as he pondered the sight. “Does it continue beyond that far line?”
“You mean the horizon?” Father Tomas asked.
“Horizon?” 
“The place where the blue heaven meets the edge of the human world,” Father Tomas explained.
“Sí. The horizon. Does God’s abode reach beyond the horizon?”
“It reaches beyond the horizon. Even beyond the stars.”
“What are...stars?”
Father Tomas chuckled again. He had forgotten the innocence of newborn gargoyles. They were grown men, yet they were completely innocent of worldly knowledge. It is what made them vulnerable until their mission was consecrated into their hearts and minds.
“We only see the stars at night with the moon.”
Celestino nodded. 
“The God who made you possible is the same God who created all you see before you.” The priest swept his arms wide open. 
“Entonces, God must be powerful,” Celestino decided.
“Truly, He is.”
“Why does God have need of me?”
 “The world holds many things that defy explanation with words. God requires your aide protecting the innocent from the world below.”
“There exist two worlds?” 
“Below is Hell, a realm of perpetual fire and ash. A place swarming with demons and the Fallen. And God requires warriors of your kind to combat them.” 
“Demons,” Celestino nodded.
“And the Fallen,” Father Tomas added.
“Who are these demons? And the Fallen? Are they like me?”
“No, they are not like you,” the priest said, struggling to find the precise explanation. “Demons are powerful beings that serve evil. They exist as enemies of God. Their purpose is to drag as many human souls as possible into Hell’s fire. Souls taken by demons—into that place—can never return to God.”
“Hell’s fire. What is that?” 
“It is the putrid stench of evil that burns with eternal flame. Hell is a pain that quakes the bones, an everlasting torture. Truly, the most awful place.”
“Will I see this place? Hell’s fire?” Celestino asked.
Father Tomas hesitated. “No. I will make sure you never see Hell’s fire.”
“I think I do not wish to go there. What of these others? The Fallen? Who are these enemies of God?”
“They are entirely different, but serve the same purpose. These creatures began as divine beings. God called them His angels. Their sole purpose was to serve His will. Some became arrogant, exerting their will on God’s Law. These He banished from Heaven, forever. Their punishment is to exist on Earth knowing they may never return,” Father Tomas explained. The history of the disgraced angels was more complicated than that, but Father Tomas knew there would be time to explain the rest as Celestino’s training progressed. He chose not to tell Celestino that he would also face other gargoyles, ones that had been turned to the darkness. All things in time, he told himself.
“May I ask another question?” Celestino inquired.
“You may.”
“Does God care more for humans than all the others?”
“That question is not so easily answered. He made them different.”
“Their soul?”
“Sí, partly,” Father Tomas paused, “He also gave them a free will.”
“What is free will?”
“The ability to choose to follow, or to reject, God.”
“Why does He not make them choose Him?”
“He wants humans to choose for themselves. If they choose Him, Heaven is their gift. If they reject Him, Hellfire is their punishment.”
“I do not think anyone would reject Him and go to Hell fire.”
“You would think it an easy choice. Humans, and the world, are complicated. It is not always easy to believe in something that you cannot see. That is why He also grants forgiveness. It is a gift uniquely granted to humans.” 
Celestino looked around him again. He heard birds, felt the wind on his face, and smelled something warm and comforting. An unfamiliar growl rumbled and his belly tightened.
Father Tomas said, “That is the sound of hunger.”
“Hunger. It is uncomfortable. Will it cease?”
“Only when you take food. Unfortunately, it will return.” He considered the gargoyle’s size before continuing, “In your case, several times a day.”
“I do not look forward to this hunger.”
“No one does. Come, you will eat and prepare for your consecration study.”
“Very well. Father Tomas.” Celestino’s matter-of-fact tone with the word “Father” caused the priest to flinch on the inside. There had been another, years ago in his youth, who called him Father...Stop! Enough of that! The priest willed himself to forget the unforgivable.
 
Chapter 3
Talk of Stones and Souls
“Buenos dias, Celestino,” Iseo said with a small smile.
“Buenos dias, my Maker,” Celestino replied. He tried imitating her facial expression, but it felt strange on his mouth, so he let it fall away before Iseo looked up.
“Come, sit. I have your first meal.” Iseo motioned him closer to the table.
Celestino approached the table and his eyes narrowed. Then, instead of sitting, he remained standing.
“Observe me.” She sat. “See? Pull out the chair and sit down,” Iseo instructed. Celestino did not move. “It is not so difficult. You just bend and sit. I’ll walk you through what to do next.” 
The gargoyle pulled out the wooden chair by the low backrest, just as she did, but his landing was far less graceful. He looked surprised that he had incorrectly gauged the depth of the seat. 
“It is fine, Celestino. You will get used to sitting. You will get used to a great many things,” Iseo tried to sound reassuring, “I suppose.” She really had no idea what this new being become accustomed to, or if that was even possible. She knew nothing about the creature of flesh and sangre before her. The features she had carved in stone, those she knew like the back of her own hand. I know him, yet I do not.
“To begin, we do this,” Iseo made the sign of the cross over her chest and pressed her palms together. “Before each meal, we pray to God for His blessings.”
Celestino imitated her gestures. 
“Repeat what I say,” Iseo began. “Holy Father, we receive your blessing and give thanks.” She paused, waiting for Celestino to repeat her words.
“Holy Father, we receive your blessing and give thanks,” Celestino repeated.
“We beg for deliverance from our sins.” 
“We beg—”
“Amen.” Iseo hurried the prayer’s ending, since it occurred to her mid-prayer that she had no idea if gargoyles sinned. When she looked up, Celestino was looking directly at her. 
“Amen,” he repeated. It unnerved her to be observed more closely than the offered prayer.
“Entonces, we eat. This is our trencher.” She pushed a hollowed out loaf of bread between them, filled with a vegetable and fish stew. “And these are God’s forks.” Smiling, she held up her hands and wiggled her fingers. “There are a great many table manners you will need to remember, if Father Tomas intends on taking you to any public feasts. The Fathers are less...formal. First table rule, a señor always allows his señora to draw the first bite.”
Celestino watched her dip her fingers into the trencher and pull out a piece of something. She put it in her mouth and wiped her fingers on a bit of cloth. She pushed the trencher toward him. “Your turn.” 
He put his fingers into the trencher. He pulled out a chunk of white meat from the stew and put in into his mouth. It surprised him that this food felt warm. His tongue and mouth watered with the new sensation, and his stomach growled satisfaction. He wiped his fingers, as Iseo had done. 
“Go ahead, Celestino. You have never eaten before. I am sure you are very hungry, by the sound of it.”
“Sí. Father Tomas said I would be hungry several times a day.”
“True. We eat when we rise with the sun and break our nightly fast. We eat again when the sun moves above our heads, and finally when the sun fades to night. Unless, of course, it is a Wednesday, when we fast all day. And on some Fridays,” she thought before she added, “some Saturdays as well.” Celestino had nearly finished the contents of the trencher. “I think fasting will be difficult for you at first,” Iseo concluded out loud.
“Why will fasting be difficult?” he asked.
“Fasting means to go without food all day long and eat only an evening meal. Or none at all until the following day.” 
“I agree with my Maker. I will not like fasting.” 
“This is a mazer,” Iseo filled the shallow wooden bowl with red liquid. “Always wipe your mouth before you drink. It is considered vulgar to have food in your mouth, or grease on your lip, when you drink from a shared vessel such as this.” Iseo took a delicate sip, wiped the hammered silver edge with her napkin, and passed the mazer to Celestino. He mimicked her dainty handling of the bowl and Iseo bit her lower lip to keep from smiling. Celestino gulped a mouthful and grimaced at the bitterness of the liquid. “Perhaps wine is an acquired taste for gargoyles.”
“I do not care for this. It is not like the other...drink,” he stated, confirming her observation.
“Wine is common. You must learn to drink it without making that face. Others would find it strange a man did not take pleasure in his wine. Even a man of the cloth,” she added. 
“I will do as my Maker commands,” Celestino nodded.
“I am not commanding you to drink it. I only try to help you understand how to move within the human world. Too much wine is the cause of much tribulation.”
“I will not drink too much,” he said, “or make my face.”
“You have no idea what I mean by making a face, do you?”
“No.”
She squint her eyes and puckered her mouth to show him what she meant. “This is making a face.”
“I will try not to make my face.”
Celestino’s stoic expression made him a difficult man to read, as it was almost expressionless, except for his eyes. It felt like he used them as a weapon against her. She felt his gaze like a beam of light blinding her. With each simple word, he became the rising sun and she the flower bending its neck to feel the warmth. She was aware that he observed everything, and that nothing passed between them or in the room that he did not notice. His physical presence exuded strength and power; his words revealed an unworldly innocence that demanded protection. They finished their meal in silence. 

Chapter 4
Forty Days of Flesh
Father Tomas did not hear footsteps approaching his door, so when the knock sounded it startled him. “You may enter, Celestino.”
The gargoyle-man entered and stood in the middle of the room. Father Tomas stood up from his table and gestured for him to sit in a chair opposite him. Celestino approached the offered seat, pulled out the chair, and then backed into it slowly. It was an unusual posture for a man. Father Tomas suspected the female influence.
“Buenos dias, Father,” Celestino said. 
“Buenos dias, Celestino. I understand your first meal went well. Iseo informed me you did not like the wine?”
“I do not prefer it to the clear drink.”
“Water,” the priest said.
“Water?’
“The clear drink. We call it water.”
“Sí. I prefer the water.” 
“Well, my young friend, you are not wholly human, so I suppose it makes sense.” 
“My Maker says I shall acquire a taste for it. To move undetected among humans.”
“She is correct. Did she tell you anything else concerning yourself?”
“No.” 
Father Tomas waited for a question or some comment, but none came. He makes no uninitiated conversation. Curioso.
“We begin with your nature then,” Father Tomas said. “You already know that you were freed from the livingstone by Iseo, your Maker. She is a gifted sculptress. God’s inspiration guided her hands to make you so.” He paused for a reaction. Receiving only an intense stare, he continued, “Upon your Birth, you revealed yourself first as the beast Iseo released from the stone, and then as a man of flesh and sangre.”
Celestino felt warmth spreading inside his chest each time the priest made reference to his Maker. It is uncomfortable, like hunger, he thought.
“As an instrument of God’s grace, you have been endowed with special abilities to serve His purpose. And a price to pay for such power. Are you aware of this power now? Can you feel it growing?”
“I feel warmth in my chest. Here,” he pointed to the center of his chest.
Celestino’s response puzzled Father Tomas. He had not expected such an answer. He knew each gargoyle was as unique as each human being, so he guessed that he could not really expect any particular response at all. However, his reasoning could not quiet the small voice whispering a warning about the reply. 
“Interesante, perhaps that is where your power will emanate from. Are you aware of the price you must pay for your existence?”
“A price? I am not.”
“You are granted forty days of flesh, whether as man or beast, after which you must guard God’s house with seven days of stone. It is the cycle of your existence. We call it your price.”   
“What is God’s house?”
“This church. The grounds where I and the other priests live and worship. You will take position on the rooftop for seven days as stone. You are a reminder to Evil that God’s house is not for them, that here is sacred ground where Evil cannot tread.”
“Why does God desire I return to stone? Why can I not serve his purpose as a beast with wings or in this man-flesh?”
“As you are, you are virtually immortal. He commands that you return to stone to guard His house and to remind you that you are of this Earth. And that He is God. All beings endowed with special powers must pay a price for their existence. Even the angels. You will serve Him in all your forms.”
“These angels are not the Fallen? They also have a price?”
“The Fallen paid a heavy price for their immortal natures. They exerted their free will to challenge God. The angelic price is possessing divine knowledge and understanding surpassing all other creatures of God’s creation, but remaining subservient to God. For some, it proved too tempting. So they were cast down to Earth. In essence, their Hell.”  
“There are angels who remain in Heaven?”
“Sí. Many remain.”
“I will know these angels?”
 “Some orders will reveal themselves to you.”
“I do not take your meaning. Orders?”
 “There are ranks, or orders, among the angelic hosts. Angels rank lowest and closest to humanity. The Archangels, the warriors of God, are more powerful. These two ranks will be your companions, when necessary.”
“How will I know them?”
“They possess divine light and move as air might move. The Archangels even take the form of man, when required.”
“God made these angels,” Celestino said. “My Maker made me. I am different from men and angels.”
“You are unique, Celestino. You have never felt the breath of God, so you are bound to Earth for all your days. You will not know Heaven, for you possess no soul.”
“What is soul?”
“A cloud of God’s breath. A spark of divine nature within this shell of flesh.”
“Do you possess soul, Father?”
“All humans do. It is our gift from God. If we chose according to His will, we are rewarded with Heaven.”
“Heaven is not mine.”
“Neither is death, at least not for many years to come...God willing,” he added. He did not tell Celestino it was possible he could choose Hell. He pushed that knowledge down into darkness. “Tell me, Celestino, what have you learned from today’s lesson about your nature?”
“It is God’s will that my Maker freed me, I will know angels, and I exist without ever reaching Heaven. I have no breath from God. I possess no soul. My days on Earth will be spent serving your God.”
“Well done, Celestino.” Father Tomas stood up, stretching his back and legs. “I think that is enough teaching for one afternoon. Iseo has been instructed to keep you in the private wing of the living quarters. She will look after you and attend your worldly education. Until you are ready to be introduced to the world, it is important you bring no undue attention to yourself.” 
“May I now return to my Maker?” Celestino asked.
“Sí, she will be expecting you. Return tomorrow after you break your fast.”
“As you command, Father.”
“Peace be with you, Celestino.” The gargoyle-man nodded and left. Father Tomas followed him out the door, watching him disappear around the corner. He loathed admitting it, but it thrilled him to be in Celestino’s presence. He could not help but hope that the training and relationship would conclude with satisfaction. 

Chapter 5
Wisdom and Truth
Iseo felt the heat rise on the back of her neck, causing her to turn around. Celestino filled the doorway. 
“I knew you would be standing there. How did you find me?”
“I felt your presence. It brought me here.”
“Bueno. Since you are no longer a stone statue, you can not very well stay in my workroom. You shall reside in this room from now on.”
Celestino looked around. “Gracías, my Maker.”
“Por favor Celestino, use my familiar name. Iseo. It feels strange to hear you address me so formally.” Celestino did not respond one way or the other, so she continued. “Did Father Tomas speak to you regarding your stay here? I mean in this wing?”
“Sí. He informed me I remain here, until I am ready.”
“I will bring your meals to you for the duration. We can eat together if you would like,” Iseo suggested. 
“It would please me for my Iseo to eat and drink with me.” 
Iseo smiled. “It is just Iseo. Not my Iseo.”
“Iseo,” Celestino repeated. 
“I prefer the sound of my own name. There are few things a woman may keep in this world, her given name is one of them.” She tucked a woolen blanket under the simple mattress. “There. That should be sufficient. Are you hungry again?”
“I feel that again, sí...Iseo.”
“I shall return shortly with our evening meal. Wait here. I am not certain what you are to do while I am gone,” she said. “We will have to remedy that.”
Once Iseo left the room, Celestino studied the interior. It was an adequate size. A small window high in the wall allowed him to see the sky and the tops of trees. It was the only source of external light the room received. Candles, in various stages of melting, covered much of the surface of the small table beneath the lonely window. A solitary chair sat next to the table. In the center of the room stood another small table with two chairs, it too was laden with candles and a wooden mazer. Against the wall was the bed Iseo had laid blankets on for his comfort. 
Choosing to sit in the chair near the window, he backed into it slowly, careful to measure the distance before he relaxed into the seat. He could hear birds outside, and the wind blowing. He closed his eyes and pictured the view from the high ledge Father Tomas had taken him to. In his mind’s eye, he saw the distant horizon. It existed even as he sat there, alone and unsure of what would be expected of him. 
A gentle rap on the door stirred him from his musings.
“Celestino, open the door, por favor. It is—” He opened the door before Iseo could finish.
“I know it is you, my Iseo,” he said, but quickly corrected himself to obey her wishes, “Iseo.”
“The tray is heavy. Are you going to move from my path?” she asked, completely trying to ignore the fact that his use of the words my Iseo caused her knees to weaken enough to make her worried she might actually drop the tray on both their feet. Celestino reached out and took the tray from her. In his hands, the burden appeared less than a feather. 
“We eat together at the table, my Iseo?” 
She smiled, despite her irritation. “Sí, at the table.” 
Finding a space away from the candles, he set the food down. The contents looked identical to the earlier meal, except a round object of reddish color, which rolled against the edge of the tray. He picked it up.
“This is different,” he said.
“That is a pomegranate. A treat for us,” Iseo informed him. “Shall we sit and eat?”
Iseo noticed that Celestino sat with much more caution than before.
“First, we speak the grace.” Celestino pressed his hands together ready for prayer.
“Of course.” Iseo followed his lead, bowed her head, and spoke, “Holy Father, we receive your blessing and give thanks. We beg for deliverance from our sins. Amen.” 
“Amen,” repeated Celestino.
 She poured wine from a small decanter into the mazer and placed the trencher of fish stew between them. She laid a napkin at Celestino’s elbow. He picked it up.
“Unfold it and place it on your lap. Remember?”
“Sí.” Celestino did as he was instructed. “You bring wine, not water.”
“I know it is not your favorite, but you must accustom yourself to it. The only way to accomplish that is to drink it as often as possible. So you do not—”
“Make my face,” he finished for her.
She laughed. “You are right. You should not make any unpleasant faces when you are drinking another man’s wine. Especially a nobleman. They are so easily offended.”
“A nobleman?” 
“A man born into a family of wealth and land. A man with a title. Rare few are merchants. These nobles tend to thoughts of grandeur regarding themselves. I should know. Go on, drink your wine,” Iseo encouraged.
“After you, my...Iseo,” he said. Iseo thought she caught his attempt to smile in her periphery, but it flashed so quickly, she lost it before she could be certain.
“Such a gentleman,” she remarked. Wiping her mouth with her napkin, she then proceeded to sip from the wine bowl. “Entonces, your turn.”
Celestino took the mazer in one hand and tilted it to his lips. His mouth began to water before anything even passed his lip. The sensation surprised him and he tilted the mazer, spilling several drops on the table, where they immediately stained the old, dry wooden planks.
“Use both hands. It is easier to handle,” Iseo instructed, as she took a dainty scoop of fish from the hard bread bowl. “You will have a mottled tabletop if you continue in that manner,” she observed. Celestino put his other hand on the opposite side of the drinking bowl and sipped. His upper lip curled slightly and Iseo laughed at his involuntary reaction to drinking the wine. Celestino’s glance compelled her to defend herself without him uttering a single word.
Trying to control her laughter, she said. “Lo siento. I apologize.” But the image kept repeating in her mind. “I have never seen a grown man grimace so...your lip curled as if you would rather spit it out than swallow it.” Celestino’s stoic expression began to steal the humor out of it. “Again,” she coughed, the laughter fading completely now. “Lo siento. It is rude to laugh at another’s expense.” 
As if to prove a point, he took another sip. This time he was able to manage the task without making any facial expression at all. 
Iseo steered the conversation in a different direction. “How was your first lesson with Father Tomas? What did you study?”
“He spoke to me concerning my nature. My place on Earth. My price.”
“I see,” she replied.
“I have no soul, my Iseo. My kind is without God’s breath.”
“I had not thought of you like that. I mean, without a soul. From my perspective, you must be one of the most soulful creatures.”
“How do you mean? Most soulful?” he asked.
“You are not just a creature of the Earth, but one of God’s great warriors. A protector of human souls, if you will. Therefore, you would have a larger soul.” 
“I am of livingstone, made of earth and your hands. God has not breathed a soul into me. I will not go to Heaven if I am destroyed.”
“Destroyed?” Iseo had not given much consideration to Celestino’s demi-mortality. 
“Remaining on Earth as God’s protector of humans is eternal. I will not die, my Iseo, like a human. But you will die.” 
The truth of his words jarred her. Sí, I will die...we all die in the end. Some of us in small doses. “You mentioned a price? I am unfamiliar with this price. Father Tomas apparently let a few minor details about gargoyles slip by without mention.”
“I have forty days of flesh and seven days of stone. To protect the house of God.”
“I see. Forty days...then stone for seven,” Iseo whispered to herself. “That I did not know. Minor indeed.” She took a sip of wine. “How do you like your stew?” she asked, changing the subject.
“Gracías...my Iseo.”
There it was again, a tremor in her chest when he spoke her name. Iseo. She reached for the mazer and took a larger than usual gulp. Heat flushed up her neck at the thought of his eyes watching her drink. She could not force herself to look across the small table and the room suddenly felt cramped. 
She choked out, “I am glad.” She cleared her throat before speaking again, “You will be eating quite a bit of it. The Fathers prefer fish to all other meats. It is plentiful here. Inexpensive, really, being so close to the ocean.”
“What is the ocean?” Celestino asked.  
“How to describe the ocean...it is almost as big as the sky. It is a body of salty water as far as your eye can see,” Iseo explained, knowing that her description hardly did the ocean any justice at all. As she thought about the problem of describing things to someone like Celestino, who had no reference to anything outside his immediate proximity, she felt the room return to its customary parameters. Her breathing slowed to normal rhythm. “I think you will have to see it one day to truly grasp what it is.”
“You have seen the ocean?” Celestino asked.
“My father’s home is very near the ocean. I could glimpse it from different balconies. And smell the salt air when the wind blew just right.”
“Father Tomas is your father?” Celestino looked confused.
“Sí and no. There are two kinds of fathers. Father Tomas is a spiritual father, who is responsible for the souls of his parishioners. In that way, sí, he is my father. My birth father, the man who married my mother...he is my father. My other father. The one who has the power to give me away as chattel to any man he chooses.”
“What does it mean? To give you away?” Celestino asked.
“In marriage. He will decide who, and when, I am to marry. That is why I was sent here in the first place.”
“This is your purpose here? To have a marriage.” 
“No, I was sent here for safety. To be kept pure. I am worth more to my father if my chastity is easily proven. I will remain here until my father has a use for me.” Iseo’s words sounded logical, when she said them out loud, but the truth of them wrenched her heart. It unnerved her to know that she lived in peace, only until her father called on her to fulfill her duty.
“You will leave this place, when the other father requests?”
“Sí. I do not think my father will allow me to remain here forever, secretly carving gargoyles for the church.”
“Do you know the time he will make his claim of you?”
“No, I do not,” Iseo said quietly. “Shall we change the subject? I have something for you.” She walked over to the small chest near the bed and opened it. She pulled a leather bound book from inside and brought it to the table. “I thought earlier today that you might want to learn to read.” 
“Read. What is read?” Celestino asked.
“You look at script on a page. The script speaks to you,” she pointed to her head, “in your mind. You can learn about the world in a book.” She pushed the bound volume toward him. “Go ahead, open it.”
Celestino gently pulled back the cover of the book, the first few pages fanning up from the stiff leather binding. He noticed the black inked lines, the gilded edges, and the elaborate art framing each page. He turned a page over. “I hear nothing,” he announced, sounding confused.
“When you learn how to read the script...hand me the book,” Iseo said. “I will show you what I mean.” Celestino pushed it back to her. She opened to the middle of the slim volume and began to read:
Apart the lovers could neither live nor die, for it was life and death together; and Tristan fled his sorrow through seas and islands many.
He fled his sorrow still by seas and islands, till at last he came back to his land of Lyonese, and there Rohalt, the keeper of faith, welcomed him with happy tears and called him son. But he could not live in the peace of his own land, and he turned again and rode through kingdoms and through baronies, seeking adventure. From Lyonese to the Lowlands, from the Lowlands on to the Germanies; through the Germanies and into Spain. And many lords he served and many deeds did, but for two years no news came to him out of Cornwall, nor friend, nor messenger. Then he thought that Isolde had forgotten.
 “I will teach you how to read the words, just as I did,” Iseo said. “It will give you something with which to occupy your mind, when I am not here or you have no other studies from Father Tomas.”
“I would like that. Gracías, my Iseo.”
Iseo closed the book, smoothing the cover with both hands. “I have another treat for you.” She picked up the shiny red and yellow mottled fruit. “This is a pomegranate.”
Hours passed, drawing the darkness into the room like mist, so Iseo lit several more candles. Shadows thrown by the warm glow of candlelight danced in the corners.
“It is time for me to return to my own quarters, Celestino,” she announced. “You will be safe here. You can sleep. There is an extra blanket in the chest if you should so desire.”
“Sleep,” Celestino repeated. By now Iseo knew the repetition of words was really a question for clarification.
“You lay on the bed, close your eyes, and sleep. Rest. Your body needs to be still when night falls. Do you not feel tired?”
“I do not know if I am tired. I will try sleep, as you suggest.” 
“I will return when the sun rises on the morrow.”
He nodded. “I will wait for the morrow.” 
“Buenas noches, Celestino,” Iseo said, as she headed out the door.
“Buenas noches,” he replied, as the door closed into a sliver of light before shutting completely.
Iseo leaned her back against the door. This will be much more difficult than I imagined. She found the darkness of the corridor soothing. Ahead, a lighted torch cast an orange glow on the wall. Walking to it, she slipped it free of the iron ring it balanced in. Much to her relief, she navigated the winding halls that led to her room without seeing or speaking to anyone.
Celestino found his eyes did not want to stay closed. He stared at the ceiling and the moonlight flickering through the window. He heard a bird softly crying as the shadow of dancing leaves played on the floor and spread across his bed. The candlelight faded into nothing as he laid thinking about his Maker and God. The poem she read repeated itself in his mind. He tried to conjure an image of this man, Tristan, on the ocean. He tried to imagine a body of water so vast its end could not be seen. 
He had no idea how long the night would feel, but as the darkness lengthened he sensed a shift in the air. The bird quieted and the wind ceased. He became aware of his breath, aware of the rhythm’s rasp sounding loudly in his ears. The stillness that began outside crept through the window, blocking out the shadows. Celestino sat up, watching the room for signs of anything changing, but he could see nothing. The air felt different. Instinctively, he thought of his Maker. A pain stabbed him under his ribcage, compelling him to get out of bed.
“I will find my Iseo,” he spoke into the empty room. Opening the door, he followed the feel of her, the trailing scent of her, pulling through every livingstone fiber of his body. Soon, he stood in front of a wooden door, like all the other wooden doors he had passed along the way. He reasoned that if Iseo had found sleep, he would not take it from her. He pushed the door slightly, but it did not budge. He needed another way to enter her room. He reasoned that perhaps she too had a window in her room and that it might be larger than his. She was not a secret hidden from all eyes, as he was.
Celestino made his way outside. Far above his head, beyond the tallest trees, tiny flickering flames scattered as far as his eyes could see. His conversation with Father Tomas sounded in his mind.
“What are the stars?”
“We can only see them at night with the moon.”
He instinctively knew the large, white orb hanging so perfectly still against the black was the moon. Those must be the stars, he thought. They must be God’s candles. It did not take him long to find the window that belonged to Iseo’s room. It, too, was placed high up in the wall, but it was large enough to allow him through the opening. The jump to reach it was easy enough for him to accomplish in a single bound without making a sound. Silently, he slid down the wall, into the darkened room of his Maker. 
Iseo lay in her bed asleep with the coverings pulled high over her shoulders. He walked to the end of her bed, watching her sleep. Her breath rose and fell like the soft crying of the bird outside his window. He was aware that the unsettling stillness was passing. He felt a warm shimmer rise up through his body, urging him to unfurl his wings. Celestino allowed the sensation to surge through his veins. The leonine gargoyle twisted and expanded with a painful burst of energy, manifesting in his full terrible glory inside Iseo’s tiny room. He had not known how it would happen, but afterward he was satisfied that he had made the transition silently. Pacing on all fours, he watched his Maker’s breath to see if he had truly been successful. She rolled over and he froze, with nowhere to hide his immense form. Fortunately, her eyes remained closed and the tension released. Celestino curled up on the floor in a darkened corner and slept for the first time in this new world.
In the morning, Iseo woke up with a start. She looked around the room. Everything appeared in order, but she could not shake the feeling that something, or someone, had been in her room. Suddenly, she realized it was lighter than usual. I am late! She threw a woolen dress over her nightshift and slipped her shoes on, heading straight for the kitchen. It was her appointed day to light the kitchen hearth and begin preparations for morning meal.
When she arrived, the fire was already blazing. Father Antony was moving about, preparing the morning meal.
“My apologies, Father. I overslept,” Iseo murmured, as she tied an apron over her clothes.
“You have been preoccupied these several days passed. Work must be done, even when we have personal issues to attend to,” he replied in a tone that made Iseo feel defensive. 
“I have never been late before, Father.”
He stopped stirring the giant kettle and spoke over his shoulder, “I am not interested in your excuses. See that you do not let your duties slide in the future.”
“Sí, Father.” Iseo knew that of all the priests at Compostela, Father Antony favored her least of all. He did not think it wise to have a female living amongst the men. He grumbled to anyone who would listen that a woman was little more than a step above Hell’s Gate. He had repeatedly said to her, “Women are full of sin.” In the end, Father Tomas’s connection with Cardinal Demetrius held more sway, because she was permitted to stay.  
 Iseo began making the trenchers for the day, without once looking up. All she could think about was Celestino and what he might be doing sequestered in his room. 
After all the Fathers broke their fast, she slipped into the kitchen to make a tray for Celestino. It was difficult for her to think of him as the lion with wings, because the face of the man burned behind her eyes. She filled a wooden bowl with porridge and put it on a tray. As she turned to leave, Father Antony startled her.
“Where are you going with that?” He pointed to the tray in her hands. She knew she could not tell the truth, because Father Tomas had forbidden her from saying anything about the gargoyle to anyone, and lying was a sin. So, she did neither. 
“I am going about Father Tomas’s business,” she replied confidently. She turned and walked away as fast as she could without spilling anything. She wanted to put as much hallway between her and the kitchen as possible.
Iseo walked down several corridors and reached a dead end. A wooden bookcase filled the entire wall at the end of the hall. She looked over her shoulder to make sure no one was watching and pressed a hidden lever with her foot beneath the bottom edge of the shelving. A small groan indicated the locking mechanism was unhinged. She pushed the bookcase into the wall, swinging it like a door. She slipped through the opening and quietly shut the hidden door with her elbow. The torches lining the secret passage had long since burned themselves out. She could see the sun filtering through the windows placed high enough to discourage the casual glance or the peeping curiosity that composed human nature. 
Soon, she stood in front of Celestino’s room. Balancing the tray with one arm against her hip, she knocked. When no answer came, she knocked again.
“Celestino? It is Iseo.” The door opened slowly, revealing Celestino much as she left him the previous night. She set the tray down. “Are you hungry?”
“Sí. It has been long since we last ate food.” He paused. “I will take no wine with this meal.”
Iseo smiled, wiping her hands on her apron. “That is a good thing. I did not bring wine with the morning meal.” She gestured with her hand for him to sit with her. She noticed that today his movements were so graceful that he almost did not appear human at all.
She scooped out a bowl of porridge for him as she asked, “How did you pass the night?”
Answering her carefully, he said, “I listened to a bird weeping.”
“Birds do not weep.” Iseo said. “What sound did it make?”
He mimicked the sound, “Whoo. Whoo.” 
“Ah,” she laughed. “That is an owl. They are quite large birds, who only hunt at night. I am not surprised you heard one this close to the groves and orchards.”
“What it hunt?” he asked.
“Owls seek out their food. They usually prefer small rodents, like rats or mice. However, I have seen evidence they eat larger prey, but mostly nuisance creatures.” She could see from his unchanged expression that her explanation may have left much to be desired, so she added, “Hunting is when one creature, like the owl, kills another creature to eat it.” 
“Do you hunt, Iseo?”
“No!” she laughed, dragging the word out. “I will eat what is hunted, but refuse to be the hand that draws the sangre. Except for yard fowls. I can wring their necks as well as anyone, I suppose.”
Iseo surveyed the room for a moment. All the candles had burned to waxy puddles of hardened wax on the table under the window. 
“The candles need to be snuffed out before you go to sleep. It is dangerous to let them burn so low.” She pointed to the scene of her concern. 
“I will do so, my Iseo,” Celestino said, and if she was not mistaken, he smiled slightly. He quickly devoured the contents of his trencher.
“When does Father Tomas expect you?”
“Once our meal is complete. Now, I suppose,” he replied. She noted the way he said I suppose and recognized her own voice in his words. Curious, he learns by mimicking. 
Iseo smiled. “Off you go then. I will clear the tray. Do you remember how to get to Father Tomas’s chamber?”
“Sí. Do not fret, my Maker. I will not be seen or heard,” Celestino answered, as he shut the door behind himself without making a sound. Iseo sat there staring at the closed door. She shook her head.
“Maybe I should scrape some of this wax off the table tops and get new candles before evening comes around again,” she murmured to herself.
*
“Buenos dias, Celestino. I trust your first night passed without incident?” Father Tomas greeted the newly born gargoyle.
“Sí”
“You slept well?” 
“Sí. Gracías.”
“Did you sleep the entire night?”
Celestino did not want to tell the priest he went to Iseo’s room, so he said, “Sleep is not easy to find.”
“Is that all you experienced?”
“I do not follow.”
“I mean, what did you sense in the nighttime?”
Careful not to give himself away, he cautiously said, “The wind stopped. The air became heavy for a brief time.”
“Ah, bueno. You sensed the dead hour. It is a dangerous time for human souls. They are most vulnerable when the calm of night settles on the Earth.”
“I felt a presence with the stillness, but I do not understand it,” Celestino added.
“That would be the spirit of evil. It moves on the night air. At the dead hour it is most powerful.”
Celestino knew that was the motivation behind him going to his Maker’s bed chamber. He felt the instinctual need to protect her from the darkness. “Can the evil come onto the grounds of this God house?”
“We are protected, for the most part. Evil can move about in observation, but to penetrate the humans here...evil must pass through a strong veil of power woven by God.”
“This evil cannot come here?”
“If it were to come into God’s house, it would have to enter...hidden. Possession of the human would take place outside of God’s house. The human could enter here, and the demon would be hidden. Sí, it is possible, but the Eternal Codex forbids taking possession of a human in God’s house. Evil cannot fully manifest here.”
“My Maker is safe from this?”
“As long as she remains under this roof, she is safe. Mind you, evil may set temptations in God’s house. Vigilance of one’s thoughts is important at all times.” 
“Are servants of God safe from evil?”
Father Tomas considered the question for a moment before answering, “All of us are vulnerable to temptation. It is how we act upon temptation that determines our fate.” His past whispered loudly in his ear, You should know that better than anyone.
“Why does God allow these enemies to exist? Is God not strong enough to defeat evil?” 
“That is the eternal question, is it not? Why does God allow the evil to exist at all?” Father Tomas moved to the window, parting the heavy curtain, peering out through the lighted space. “If evil were completely eradicated, wiped clean from the world, then there would be no need for God. He exists, as He is...to save us, to bring us to the Light. If there were no Darkness, He would have no Light.” 
“This makes no sense to me,” Celestino said. “I would wipe Evil from the world.”
“Sí. It is natural you would feel that way. You exist to do just that, to wipe it away. Unfortunately, you will never rid the world of Evil entirely. Not even if you had an army of your kind. God would not allow it.”
“He requires Evil to exist?” 
“Sí and no. He would exist without it. He does exist without it. We would not exist without it. Neither myself...nor you, for that matter. We exist in this way because Adam, the first man, chose Evil. Temptation by Evil through Eve. So, mankind’s fate will always be woven with Evil’s presence. It is our human price.”
“To be tempted by Evil and dragged into Darkness?”
“Sí, simply put. We must be vigilant to guard our souls from such temptation and from such a fate. Once a soul is lost, it is lost forever. That is the ultimate price of our humanity.” 
“I pay with seven days of stone.”
“Sí,” Father Tomas answered, gazing at Celestino. “I believe you are ready to begin formal Consecration studies.” He walked over to the new gargoyle-man and gave him a solid squeeze on his shoulder. “It has been many years since I last trained a gargoyle for this Holy War…we are ready, you and I.”
“What must I do for these studies?” Celestino inquired.
“We begin with basic laws and understanding. Your inquisitive nature has already set you on that path. So, we commence with the Eternal Codex.” The priest walked across the chamber, stopping before a bookcase filled with volumes of leather bound books. He ran his fingers across the bindings on the second shelf, pulling a book in the center. The book did not come off; rather it caused the entire shelf to release and roll back. There sat a single book, which Father Tomas picked up. “This book is the most sacred of all books. It contains God’s words, and information very few in the church are aware of. If this book were to get into public view, I suspect many would be burned at the stake for heresy. Not even the Pope himself could save such unfortunates. It is best to keep this knowledge safe. Here, in my chamber.”
“My Maker teaches me to read script. She read to me a book of a man on an ocean. Tristan. He loved Isolde, but she would not smile for him.”
The priest chuckled. “It is good Iseo is teaching you to read. You need to become a scholar in your own right to receive and to complete your training. Although, you may find a woman’s reading selection much different than what I will require.” He handed the heavy book to Celestino, who opened it. The gargoyle-man scanned the first few pages. It looked much like the book his Maker had shown him. He stared at the lines, but failed to discern any meaning from them. Shaking his head, he looked at Father Tomas.
“Do not be vexed, Celestino. I will read it to you in the beginning. By the end of your training you will be able to decipher much of your studies on your own. It will keep you occupied. There will be much time between now and your introduction to the human world.” God, hear me! I need sufficient time to train him.
“Tell me, Father, about the Eternal Codex,” Celestino encouraged.
“It is a book that includes many passages from the Bible, as well as books strictly for Divine and Inspired creatures. Those are the sacred secrets. Shall we start at the beginning?” Father Tomas asked, as he thumbed to the first page. “First, you are required by God to know His Word, so that you may know Him. The first book of the Bible is Genesis. It describes how God created the world.” He read aloud:
Genesis
Book 1
1: In the beginning God created the Heauen, and the Earth.
2: And the earth was without forme, and voyd, and darknesse
was vpon the face of the deepe: and the Spirit of God mooued
vpon the face of the waters.
3: And God said, Let there be light: and there was light.
4: And God saw the light, that it was good: and God diuided
the light from the darkenesse.
5: And God called the light, Day, and the darknesse He called Night: and the euening and the morning were the first day.
Father Tomas clarified, “This is the creation of our world. Everything began in darkness. There was no sky, only the void—a great watery, dark place. God saw purpose in giving the gift of light to the Earth. Darkness remained to remind us that the light would return.”
“What is the Spirit of God?” Celestino asked. “Is that more powerful than God? Can this spirit fight Evil?”
“Ah, sí, back to the nature of God and gargoyles. Remember, when I spoke of the trinity of God? God is everywhere. He has no physical form we humans can see, or gargoyles for that matter. Think of Him as a blinding light. He moves as light from a candle moves across a room...you see the flame, know it is there, yet the light itself cannot be touched.”
Celestino nodded as he struggled to follow the explanation. “And the Spirit of God?”
“That is another form of God that cannot be seen…think of the spirit as the movement of God. The Spirit manifests as action in our world. God thinks, and the spirit makes it so.” Father Tomas sighed. “I know this is complex, try not to think too much on the image. God has told us that His ways are far too complicated for us to understand completely.”
“I will try.”
“Now, the only physical form of God is God the Son. The Son we call Jesus Christ. He is the Son of God, but also God himself.”
“I do not understand how this is possible.”
“Theologians and scholars have grappled with this for centuries. Do not let your mind be vexed. It is as murky for the rest of us. However, it is important to know that it is in the name of Jesus Christ and the Holy Spirit that you will be able to cast out demons...and cause the Fallen to spread their wicked wings and fly.”
“The Jesus Christ and the Spirit help me defeat Evil,” Celestino summarized out loud.
“Sí. Verdad.” The priest knew that it was a simplistic comprehension, but a solid grasp nonetheless. “Shall I continue?” Celestino nodded affirmatively.
6: And God said, Let there be a firmament in the midst of the waters: and let it diuide the waters from the waters.
7: And God made the firmament; and diuided the waters, which were vnder the firmament, from the waters, which were aboue the firmament: and it was so.
8: And God called the firmament, Heauen: and the euening and the morning were the second day.
“This is not the Heaven where God lives, but the sky. Where birds fly. It is the Heaven of clouds and blowing winds.”
“I understand. There are two Heavens.” Celestino nodded. “Read more concerning this God.”
“Very well,” Father Tomas continued, again.
9: And God said, Let the waters vnder the heauen be gathered together vnto one place, and let the drie land appeare: and it was so.
10: And God called the drie land, Earth, and the gathering together of waters He called, Seas: and God saw that it was good.
11: And God said, Let the Earth bring forth grasse, the herbe yielding seed, and the fruit tree, yielding fruit after his kinde, whose seed is in it selfe, vpon the earth: and it was so.
12: And the earth brought forth grasse, and herbe yielding seed after his kinde, and the tree yielding fruit, whose seed was in it selfe, after his kinde: and God saw that it was good.
13: And the euening and the morning were the third day.
 “God divided the Earth from the Sea with His Word. He caused the waters to pool together. This exposed the land, or Earth...this is the power of our God.”
“The horizon and the sky meet at the edge of the earth,” Celestino said.
“Bueno. Once the land was exposed, God caused all that is green to grow. The trees, the grass, everything that springs from the soil. He ensured all the trees and vegetation would reseed themselves as a benefit to man. As you know, man gets hungry.”
“Even gargoyles.” Celestino looked at the priest with his head cocked to the side.
Father Tomas laughed until his eyes watered. When the humor ebbed, he closed the Codex and looked Celestino squarely in the eye. “I am very honored that God chose our simple church for your birth. Your kind has been absent too long from within these walls.”
“Other gargoyles studied here?” The notion piqued Celestino’s curiosity.
“Years ago. There was one. Though it feels as an entire lifetime has flown,” Father Tomas’s voice trailed off into a whisper.
“Where is this other gargoyle?”
“He no longer exists. He is gone from this place.”
“He did not remain at Compostela?”
“No. No, he did not. It is best not to speak of him.” Father Tomas stood up from the table. “Perhaps you should return to Iseo’s chambers, as it is time for the afternoon meal. Return when you are finished.” He turned to replace the book in its secret space. Celestino left the chamber by way of the secret corridor with his lessons weighing heavy on his heart. He felt no connection to the God of humans. Perhaps, he thought, it will come. I will ask my Maker.
*
 “How were your lessons this morning, Celestino?” Iseo asked, as she set the trencher between them. She was pleased that he was able to recite the thanksgiving prayer with her.
Celestino held up his hand. “God’s fork. After the señora.”
“Gracías,” she said, as she broke the midday meal. “About your lesson?”
“Father Tomas read from the secret book,” he responded.
“Secret book?” Iseo raised her eyebrows.
“The book of your God. The part called Bible.”
“That is not secret. We are all familiar with the Bible.”
“The entire book he calls the Codex. That is what I am to study. He said I will not be studying books selected by a woman.”
“Did he now? He did not approve of my selection?”
“It is permitted to study script. He said I must become a scholar in my own studies,” Celestino explained. “But I wish you to keep teaching me Tristan and Isolde.”
Iseo poured wine from the decanter on the table into a mazer. “I will take that as a compliment of my womanly ability to chose an entertaining story, since women are not worthy of much else,” she quipped. 
“My Maker is worthy of much praise.”
His voice again, speaking the words my Maker, reached into her chest, squeezing her heart until it physically ached. The words to beg him to stop using that term refused to form in her mouth. When she felt the heat of Celestino’s inquisitive gaze, she could not glance up. 
“My Iseo,” Celestino corrected himself. Despite her attempts, encouraging him to call her by her given name, he continued to use the possessive greeting.
“How is your meal?” she asked. The back of her parched throat screamed for soothing wine. 
“It is very good. I had much hunger.” 
“Bueno.”
“I have offended my Iseo?” Celestino asked, puzzled by her refusal to look at him.
“No, Celestino. You have not offended me at all.” She gathered the strength to finally glance up and meet his stare. “I am grateful you see me as more than just a lowly woman.”
“May I ask a question? I mean not to offend.”
“Por favor, ask.”
“May we have the water, instead of wine?”
Iseo laughed. “Surely, you possess a jester inside that stoic exterior. Sí, I will fetch water for us. Only if you finish the wine first.”
Celestino lifted the mazer to his lips, stopped midway, and set it down to wipe his mouth with his napkin. He again lifted the mazer, nodded to Iseo, and drank the remaining wine in a large gulp. He made no face and pushed the mazer back towards her. This time she was certain his lips curved in an awkward smile. 
*
 “You are ready to continue?”
“Sí, Father.” Celestino took his seat at the table.
Father Tomas opened the great book. “We are still in the book of Genesis.”
14. And God said, Let there be lights in the firmament of the heauen, to diuide the day from the night: and let them be 
for signes and for seasons, and for dayes and yeeres.
15. And let them be for lights in the firmament of the heauen, to giue light vpon the earth: and so it was.
“God speaks and it becomes so. By words.” Celestino lent voice of his understanding.
“Sí. That is His Holy Power alone,” Father Tomas agreed, before continuing to read.
16. And God made two great lights: the greater light to rule the day, and the lesser light to rule the night: he made the stares also.
17. And God set them in the firmament of the heauen, to giue light vpon the earth:
18. And  to rule ouer the day, and ouer the night, and to diuide the light from the darknesse: and God saw that it was good.
19. And the euening and the morning were the fourth day.
 “This is the sun and—”
“Moon. The stars are the small flames in the heaven,” Celestino finished. 
“Sí.”
“I prefer, the moon and the stars.”
“Por que? Why is that?” Father Tomas was curious about Celestino’s declaration. Most humans preferred the daylight...then again, Celestino was not truly a human. 
“This light reaches for me. The way I feel my Maker reach for me.”
“Interesante. I have never heard the power of the moon spoken of in such a manner.”
“Is it wrong to prefer the moon and stars?”
“It is not a matter of being right or wrong. We may all choose to prefer different things about God’s creation.” Father Tomas did not tell Celestino that it was his connection to his Maker that was cause for his concern. He knew full well the connection between Makers and their stony inspirations. He knew all too well. The priest stifled the warning messages inundating his mind about the dangerous ground of having a woman wield the power to pull the beast.
A small bell on a rope rang, disturbing the quiet space of their conversation. 
“Ah. That is all for today. It seems I must make my way back to the main quarters. Apparently, my presence is required. I trust you can find your way to your chambers?”
“Sí, Father.”
“Bueno. Perhaps Iseo will have time to teach you more about books.”
With that parting, Celestino returned to his personal quarters. Iseo was not there, but the book about Tristan and Isolde was on the table under the window. He picked it up, studying the intricate artwork framing each page, running his finger across the raised gold leaf and heavy artwork.
*
Father Tomas knocked on the Monsignor’s door. 
“Enter.” The Monsignor’s familiar voice sounded through the door.
Father Tomas had rarely been summoned to the Monsignor’s private chambers, and he was surprised to discover they would not be conversing alone. Sitting in a chair next to the fire was a young cleric, whom Father Tomas did not recognize. The cleric rose to greet him when he entered.
“Allow me to introduce our newest ecclesiastical member. Father Tomas, may I present Father Avriel.”
“I am pleased to meet you, Father.” The young priest bowed his head slightly, as a sign of deference to the older priest.
“Gracías, Brother. I am sure you will find service at Compostela invigorating.”
“Indeed. I could not have phrased that better, Father Tomas. It seems you will be serving our young Father as his,” the Monsignor paused before he said, “mentor.”
“Mentor?” Father Tomas questioned more sharply than he intended, revealing more of his true feelings than he wanted.
“Sí. Mentor in all aspects of your duties.”
“All...aspects?” 
“All. Unless you are deaf, or your ears full of wax, I will not repeat myself.”
“But, surely...the parts of my...I have another I am training—” 
“Father Avriel was sent here by recommendation of His Holiness the Pope. See that he is trained as commanded.”
The admonishment forced Father Tomas into a corner from which he could formulate no argument providing escape. If the Pope had sent Father Avriel to study under him, then it must be so. That the Monsignor took no exception concerning his training of Celestino distressed him. He had never trained someone in the art of consecrating a gargoyle. 
“I will do my best, Your Excellency.”
The Monsignor looked up, his stare boring harshly into his subordinate’s eyes. “Sí, ensure that you do. And that no harm comes to him.”
“As you will.”
“You are both dismissed. I have my own duties to complete before the day wanes to eve.” Both priests made their departure into the hall. Father Avriel obviously intrigued by the conversation, asked, “Do you know where I will be sleeping? And what the Monsignor meant by no harm? How am I in harm’s way?”
“Brother, there is much you need to learn and quickly. I do not think you fully prepared for the mysteries of God you are about to encounter. As for your sleeping quarters, follow me. You will most likely be placed in the room recently vacated by Father Juan.”
“Does Father Juan travel?”
“To heaven.”
“I am to be in a dead man’s room?” Father Avriel asked, sounding vaguely horrified.
“Father, we are priests. Not immortals.” 

Chapter 6
The Brotherhood Grows
Several moments passed between Father Avriel and Father Tomas without either of them speaking. The newly arrived priest shifted in his chair.
“Perhaps you can provide a tour of the grounds?” Father Avriel offered to break the awkward silence.
“Shh, let me think.” 
Father Avriel shifted again, putting his finger inside the neckline of his robe and scratched his collarbone. “Father, if I might suggest—”
“No! No, suggestions. How does one begin such a conversation?” Father Tomas spoke into the room, not so much to the young priest, as to himself. “What could be keeping Iseo, I wonder?”
“Who is Iseo, Brother?”
“Someone with whom you and I shall be working closely…that and…I wonder what is keeping her?” Father Tomas rubbed his forehead. “I trust your quarters are suitable? I am afraid they will be quite simple compared to anything you may have had in Rome.”
Father Avriel sighed. “I expected nothing more, or less. The quarters are quite satisfactory.” 
“You sound sincere. A humble man, I would not have expected that, you being from such a privileged station.”
The door opened and Iseo entered, carrying a tray with two goblets and a silver decanter. “My sincerest apologies to have kept you both waiting. I was…preoccupied.” She quickly set the tray on the small table and poured them each a full measure. “Iseo, I would like to introduce Father Avriel. He is newly arrived today.”
“I am pleased to make your acquaintance, Father.”
“And I, yours,” he said. “Tell me, are you the only female here?”
Iseo smiled politely. “Sí, Father.”
“Sit, my dear. Join us,” Father Tomas interrupted the introduction.
“But, I was headed back to my…workshop,” Iseo protested.
“Workshop?” Father Avriel asked. “What artistry do you undertake? Pottery? Do not tell me you are a blacksmith?” he teased, laughing at his own jest. 
Iseo’s eyes widened and they begged Father Tomas to dismiss her quickly.
“I understand your haste, but I would like you to hear what I have to say to Father Avriel.”
Iseo looked uneasily between the two men, becoming aware that a great deal of tension hung in the air. She exhaled a bit too loudly.
“It involves Celestino,” Father Tomas said flatly. 
With that pronouncement, Iseo sat without another word. 
“Who is Celestino?” asked Father Avriel.
“Ah, that is the question. How do I answer you? Indeed, how do I answer you,” he took a drink from his cup. “I do not know where to begin.”
“Excuse me, Father, is this appropriate? Is it allowed?” Iseo asked, her voice shaking.
“It was not my choice. It was a directive.”
“Surely, there is a mistake—”
“His Holiness makes no mistakes. He chooses all of us. It is his sacred duty. God chooses your kind by granting the gift, and the Holy Father chooses us for ours.”
“What are you talking about, Brother?” the young priest asked, as he shifted again.
“Exorcism,” Father Tomas decided to start with that piece of truth.
Father Avriel looked at his mentor in disbelief, rubbing his cleanly shaved chin. “I am to be trained as an exorcist?” The Monsignor’s caution rang in his ears. “Is that not considered...dangerous?”
“Sí. It is,” Father Tomas replied, “but it is a necessary duty we must carry out for the people. They have only us to save them from being pawns in the battle between Heaven and Hell.”
“I know…very little of this rite.”
“That is why His Holiness chose me as your mentor. I do.” He eyed the young priest. “You are committed to the Lord, are you not?”
“Certainly. What a question!” 
“I refer to any outside claims on your person. There is no arrangement waiting in secret to claim you from the church? Perhaps a woman?” Father Tomas questioned his new Brother.
“Nothing keeps me from fulfilling my obligations to God,” Father Avriel assured. 
Father Tomas surmised that the younger priest told the truth by his annoyed countenance. No one chose to be an exorcist out of sheer joy to serve God. It was more akin to the challenges of mythological heroes who answered the call to begin unbelievable quests and endured hardships where death was always a possibility, if not a certainty. The fact that demons and the Fallen worked tirelessly to ensnare human souls to spite God was a fact kept well hidden from the hysterical masses. Such truths would only overwhelm them, perhaps lending more weight to superstitions and a turning away from God. The potential reaction of the uneducated populous mandated the church to operate with caution. 
“Have you ever witnessed a person possessed?” Father Tomas asked.
“Sí.” 
“What do you know of demons and the Fallen?”
“I believe that no matter my response, it will not be enough in your eyes,” Father Avriel replied.
The elder priest considered the statement before answering. “Truly spoken. Iseo?” asked Father Tomas.
Iseo had sat without speaking a single word during their entire exchange. The thought of exposing Celestino terrified her. He was her creation, and her instinct urged her to protect him. Secrecy seemed the only security he could truly have in a world where demons and evil angels sought to destroy him for his God inspired duty.
“Iseo?” Father Tomas repeated.
“Sí, Father?”
“Find Celestino. Inform him of the...changes in his training. Prepare him to meet Father Avriel.” 
“Sí, Father.” Iseo practically ran from the room.
“Who is Celestino?” Father Avriel asked.
“Our best defense against the dark side.”
 
Chapter 7
Of Men and Angels
Celestino sat in the chair under the high privacy window, listening to the outside sounds drifting into his chamber. The lamenting sound of some animal or human intrigued him. He had no image of what could possibly make such a mournful song. The tingle in the center of his chest filled him with the now familiar knowing. He stood up to answer the door, opening it before the knock even came. 
Iseo’s eyes flew open in surprise. “Ah! You startled me.”
“Lo siento, my Iseo.”
“May I…may I enter?” 
He opened the door wider, signally her welcome.
“I am not yet accustomed to your anticipation of my whereabouts,” Iseo said.
“My livingstone feels many things, including when my Maker approaches,” he explained.
She blushed warmly because his ability to feel her presence embarrassed her. In some small way it was an intrusion on her privacy to know that someone sensed her comings and goings. However, that it was Celestino who felt her so keenly made the blush deepen into her heart. At this moment, the combination of experiencing his sense of her and his addressing her as my Maker caused the blush to push past her heart, sending a tiny tremor quaking through her bones. 
“Are you well, my Iseo?”
She shook off the heat and entered the room. “Sí. I am fine.” The words sounded harsher than she intended. How do I explain any of this to him? She brushed his arm with hers as she entered. The warmth of his skin surprised her. She kept expecting him to be cold, or rough like the livingstone. But he was warm, like a man of flesh and sangre. She closed her eyes against the memory of him as he stepped off the carving dais cloaked in nothing. Such impure thoughts will surely send me to Hell. 
“I am well, Celestino. It is kind of you to inquire after me,” she remarked. Such common words for such a complex situation, she thought. She had not realized how protective she felt towards Celestino, until she was asked to reveal him. As long as he remained hers; her creation, her responsibility, her secret joy…she embraced all this with her entire being. Now, this Father Avriel—a stranger, who neither she nor Father Tomas knew anything about, sent from the Pope himself—unsettled her. She wondered what part of his training she might have to share with this new priest. I am jealous. She realized the sin immediately. I will have to confess this…or not. Perhaps, she thought, I can live with this particular stain on my soul a bit longer. No one has gone to Hell because of a small stain, she justified. She worried more of the egregious sins, the ones lurking in the recesses of her mind, the sins she refused to lend voice to just yet. 
“My Iseo is thinking of other things?” Celestino asked, but it was more a statement of his observation.
She smiled. “Very little escapes your watchful eye. True, I am preoccupied with my own thoughts.”
“What vexes my Iseo?”
“Vexed? What cause do you have to think me vexed?”
“Your face gives away your concern,” he said. He wrinkled his forehead mimicking hers.
Iseo laughed. “I pray I do not look so wounded!”
The corners of Celestino’s mouth curled up into an almost smile, which made Iseo laugh harder. She laughed until tears filled the corners of her eyes. “I did not know I needed to laugh until I did. Gracías,” she said, still trying to catch her breath. He is God’s work, not my own. I must allow God’s will to direct his education and training, not my own selfish desires. She felt the initial pangs of jealousy dissipate as her mind firmed the truth of the situation. Iseo sat on the edge of the small bed and noticed its undisturbed state. “Do you sleep in the bed?”
“This is what preoccupied your thoughts? My bed?” A sense of uncertainty Celestino could not identify made him stand up straighter. He did not want to tell her he that he had crept like a shadow along the outer wall to find her room and had watched her sleep. Nor did he wish her to know that he had transformed into a gargoyle in the dark corner of her chamber chasing elusive sleep. 
“What did you ask?” Iseo questioned. A seductive thought tucked not so neatly in the recesses of her mind strayed to consciousness. Before Iseo could stop it, her mind flashed the image of his beautiful face hovering above hers as they lay...
“My bed vexes you?” Celestino asked again.
“No. I only noticed it appears unslept in.” To her ears the words rang authentic. She closed her eyes against the image her mind continued conjuring. “I am simply concerned for you. That you are growing and resting adequately. Not that you will actually grow larger, but that you are growing inside. Growing stronger.” Why am I rambling! For the moment, her nervousness irritated her more than her impure thoughts. 
“You need not worry,” he assured her. When Iseo continued to sit without speaking, Celestino said, “You have yet to speak of your purpose. Or your vexing thoughts.”
“Lo siento. Por favor. Sit.” Iseo indicated the small table where they often took their meals together. “I must tell you of changes to your training.”
Celestino’s eyes flashed a glint of concern. 
“Are you aware that a new priest has arrived here at Compostela?” Iseo began. 
“No,” he said. 
“His name is Father Avriel. He was sent here by the Pope himself. It is an honor to this church that the Father would recognize Compostela.”
“How does the priest’s arrival vex you, my Maker?”
“He was sent to train with Father Tomas,” she explained on an exhale, the truth now between them.
“He is human, not my kind?”
“Sí.”
“I do take your meaning.”
“Father Avriel was sent here to learn the rite of exorcism.”
Celestino nodded.
“He must know all concerning you.”
Celestino considered her concern. “Am I ready to meet other humans? Outside the confines I am now placed in?”
“No. Heaven help you. You speak and the words tumble out as if you were a foreigner.”
“What is foreigner?”
“A person who is from somewhere else,” she replied. Iseo put her hands on her hips and exhaled loudly. “I suppose you are a foreigner. In a way.”
Celestino’s mouth curled up in a perfect smile. “Sí. I am from somewhere else.”
Iseo noticed how beautiful he was. Strong chin. Wide jaw line. Aquiline nose. Perfectly arched brows framing a pair of mesmerizing gray-blue eyes. And his teeth were a string of polished pearls. Holy Jesus! His teeth might give him away. Rarely did one have all their teeth, let alone all their teeth set in a perfect white row. She realized at that moment Celestino had not a single physical flaw. Why should he? He is a creature divinely inspired by God himself.
“Father Avriel is to assist Father Tomas with your training.”
“And this is what vexes you?”
“Sí. What if he fails to guard your secret? What if he cannot accept the truth about the order of the world? What if—”
“Stop, my Maker. You must trust Father Tomas.” 
“Perhaps you are wiser than I in this regard. I have lived among people long enough, and they tend to disappoint.”
“Perhaps.” He smiled again…and as he did, his perfection burned itself into Iseo’s mind, pricking her right in the heart. Her ribcage tightened with the tiniest pang of anxiety.
“You might think about not smiling so much.”
Celestino was confused. “Are you not pleased by my gesture?” 
Iseo ignored the question. “We should leave for Father Tomas’s chambers. They will be waiting for you by now.”
*
“Enter,” Father Tomas called out when Iseo knocked on the closed chamber door. 
Iseo entered first, followed by Celestino. Father Avriel observed how Celestino’s frame filled the doorway, dwarfing the woman. At that moment, it occurred to him that he had not truly considered the image of the defender against the dark side. He realized that he expected someone older and wiser looking. This man’s eyes had an unexpected innocence that immediately alarmed him. He stood up to greet him.
“You must be Celestino.” He extended his hand in greeting. “I am Father Avriel.” Celestino stared at his hand, and then looked to Iseo. She stood mortified that she had not yet taken opportunity to instruct Celestino in proper greeting practices. To rescue the situation, she took the priest’s hand and shook it firmly. 
“Sí, this is he. Por favor, Father, I beg your forgiveness on his behalf. He is not from...here. He is a foreigner,” she faltered slightly with the partial truth, “and he has yet to master the finer points of etiquette.”
“To be expected of foreigners. No apology required.”
Celestino then extended his hand as Iseo had. “I am honored, Father Avriel.”
The odd timing gave the priest pause, but he took Celestino’s hand in his own. 
Father Tomas cleared his throat. “Now that acquaintances have been established,” he motioned to the worn leather seats, “shall we sit?” Three chairs were positioned around a small, wooden table in front of the chamber hearth. Flames flickered hungrily across the logs. “Iseo, por favor serve the libation. And I heard Father Antony was inquiring after your whereabouts. I informed him, of course, that you had gone to fetch some documents for me from the ink room.”
“Sí, Father,” Iseo replied. She looked to Celestino and mouthed, “Lo siento,” as she poured the wine for all three men.
“It is all right, my Iseo.” Celestino smiled reassurance at her.
She rolled her eyes. His teeth will surely give him away. 
Father Avriel noted the strange address given to the young woman. Interesante.
Father Tomas turned to face the enormous challenge sitting before him. Rather than return to his desk, he remained standing and instinctively began pacing. His mind played a ruthless game of tug-o-war. How to tell, what to tell, what to leave for a later time. He was lost in thought, when Celestino’s voice startled him. 
“Will he know all as you and my Iseo?”
Father Tomas looked over his shoulder at the young gargoyle. He shrugged his shoulders before nodding his head. “Eventually, sí, if he is to be trained in the work we do.”
“Are you a priest, as well?” Father Avriel asked Celestino.
“No.”
“Do you intend to take vows?”
“Vows? For what purpose?”
“For God. I am asking if you intend to take the robe. Become a priest.”
Celestino finally understood. “No, I will never become a priest.” 
Father Avriel raised a single eye brow at the certainty in Celestino’s response. “Brother,” he said to the other priest, “how is he the best defense against the dark side of evil if he is not to become a priest?”
“Evil has many shades, some of them quite beautiful,” the elder priest explained. “The dark side, as you say...as you think you know it, is the most easily recognized and defeated.” Father Tomas glanced in Celestino’s direction. “It is the myth of darkness and the light of evil that requires more than a priest.”
“More than a priest?” Father Avriel’s voice rose with the inquiry. “Certainly, you mean a higher ecclesiastic.”
“No. I mean something altogether different,” Father Tomas admitted.
Iseo sat stiffly in the corner, apparently forgotten by the holy fathers. Her gown itched at the neck, and she ran her finger around the inside collar. She worried the new priest would not accept Celestino. Had she not carved him herself, she might not have believed either. 
“I feel you are speaking in riddles on purpose. What do you hint at with this conversation?” Father Avriel felt his jaw grind and flex with impatience.
“What do you know of angels?”
The question took him by surprise. “Angels?” 
“Sí, angels,” Father Tomas repeated.
“God created the angels to serve and worship Him.” Father Avriel began to think Father Tomas was testing him. He was uncertain how much of his mission he should reveal to this priest. “It is a fundamental fact of creation.” 
Father Tomas shook his head. It was as he feared. He would be the first to deliver the true nature of the war between Heaven and Hell. “I believe you should sit, Brother, for we have much to discuss.” Father Avriel did not realize he’d stood up and was now pacing. He had already cleared a thin trail through the dust that covered the stone floor. He returned to his seat, stretching his long limbs in front of him, looking his mentor in the eye. 
“Enlighten me...on the creation of angels.” He crossed his arms over his chest. 
At that moment, Father Avriel remembered the quiet woman in the corner. He turned his head and his eyes met hers. It surprised him how brown they were, like fresh earth. It was her fear that made him remember her, as it was palpable enough to feel, and shone clearly in the black center of each eye. A chill threaded down Iseo’s spine, when the priest’s gaze bore into her own. She thought it almost contemptuous. 
“What are you frightened of, woman?” Father Avriel asked her.
“I am not frightened, Father.” She blinked and the shining fear vanished into dull pebbles before Father Avriel’s eyes. Interesante, he again thought. 
Father Tomas caught the tension. “Iseo, perhaps it is best you seek Father Antony and offer your assistance in the kitchen.”
Iseo dared a glance at Celestino. “But, I was hoping to—”
“He will be fine, Iseo. Rest assured, I have everyone’s best interest at heart.”
“But—” she protested.
“Go. It is a matter for men and Celestino alone.” The tone of Father Tomas’s voice silenced any further pleading. Iseo nodded to Father Tomas, smiled weakly at Celestino, and left the chamber. Men can be so condescending! Does he forget I know more than most concerning the secrets of God? I know who Celestino really is. What he really is. With increasing agitation, her reluctant steps picked up pace. In her own small way, she rebelled by returning to her workshop, avoiding the kitchen and Father Antony altogether. 
*
Father Tomas rose to bolt the door behind Iseo. “Now, let us talk of man and angels,” he said. He settled into his worn leather chair. “Por favor, make yourselves at ease.” He indicated for Father Avriel and Celestino to both take seats offering greater comfort. “Celestino, perhaps you can recite what you have learned about the Creation from our studies.”
“From the beginning,” he said. “God created the Heaven and the Earth from the great darkness that was a void. By the power of His words, He created all. He spoke and light filled the day. And dark overtook the night. Again He spoke, and this time land and water appeared. Trees and fields emerged from the earth. God spoke and the Heavens shone with the sun, the moon, and the stars.” Celestino stopped his narrative. “I have no further knowledge of things than this.”
“Surprising for a man who lives a monastic life,” remarked Father Avriel. “Are you a Muslim convert?”
“I do not take your meaning,” Celestino replied.
“If you were, you would know. From what realm have you found yourself here?”
“From the hands of my Iseo.”
“Your Iseo?” he looked at the older priest. “He speaks like a child concerning God. And like a man regarding a woman.” 
“The purpose of the meeting slips passed us. Man and angels,” Father Tomas smiled. “You are correct, Celestino, our lesson did not progress beyond that.”
Sharp tension rooted all three where they sat. Father Tomas took a deep breath, as he began to tell the secrets he had learned about the angels. “God spoke and life sprang from the earth and in the waters. Creatures of all kinds roamed the land and swam the seas. And then God created the first man, called Adam, from the dust of earth and breathed life into him. He gave all His creation for Adam’s use. This is what we call the Paradise. The time when all was perfect, even man.”
“Yet, man could not remain satisfied. The world was not enough for Adam,” Father Avriel reflected. “Adam lingered at the edge of the great Tigris like one who was abandoned, even with all of creation at his feet.”
“Adam was alone. God’s creation was yet…incomplete.”
Celestino interrupted, “God breathed into man, but not into my kind.”
Father Avriel smiled to himself. Of course! How did I miss it? He is the one. The mystery began to fall into place. 
Undaunted, the elder priest continued, “He brought every animal before Adam to discover if any of the beasts would serve as suitable companions for him. Adam named them all, yet remained alone. So, God caused a death like sleep to fill him, reached His hand into his body and pulled a rib bone from his side, and created the first woman, Eve. This is how we know women are to serve men and why they deserve our protection.” 
“When God created the Heavens, he also created the angels, numerous as the stars. The Codex confirms a guardian angel for each soul. Angels are messengers, as well as warriors,” Father Tomas paused, “and some are evil.” 
“Sí, some are most definitely evil,” mused Father Avriel. “When they fell to Earth their cries echoed like thunder. The sheer weight of their celestial bodies crashing to the Earth caused the ground to crack open.”
Father Tomas raised his eyebrows at Father Avriel’s passionate retelling, missing the stray tear his fellow Brother wiped away with a graceful finger. “Are you aware of how the evil ones are in league with demons?” he asked the newly appointed priest. 
“In time, the Fallen began to hate men. Their hate hardened into a burden they had not previously known. It was the source of great mourning for them, and their hatred burnt as black as pitch. Jealousy consumed them, for they perceived that God had given mankind a greater gift than to live in His Heavenly presence. Man, with all his imperfections, required forgiveness. Man could be redeemed, and they could not. The agony of their condemnation was turned toward man. The Fallen, knowing they would never again ascend to Heaven to serve God, turned from Him completely. They joined with the demons below to search out weak humans and steal their souls—that precious immortal gift—to Hell.”
Father Tomas sat back in his chair. “Even I could not have recited it more eloquently than that.” He placed his hands inside the sleeves of his robe. “You, my young Brother, are perhaps more than you appear.”
“I am but a humble servant. Nothing more,” he assured Father Tomas.
“What do you know of the substance called livingstone?” Father Tomas asked.
“I am unfamiliar with it.”
“It is a stone, as hard as any fine marble, yet filled with the sangre of life. It is extremely rare, and must be worked with great care...and in secret.”
“Why in secret?”
“What is made from this stone is God’s most powerful weapon against the dark.”
“More powerful than the Archangels?” Father Avriel scoffed.
“I believe so, sí.”
“What could possibly exist with more power than Michael or Gabriel?”
“The gargoyle.”
Father Avriel had expected that response. “How is the gargoyle more powerful than the Archangels?”
Father Tomas thought the young priest’s disbelief echoed competition more than surprise. “The gargoyle is the inspired work of God, made by the hands of chosen Makers, but takes no breath from Him. The gargoyle is rooted in the substance of earth. His power is his choice to serve. His heart is pure because he does not desire heaven.” 
Father Avriel glanced at Celestino, who had remained silent for much of the heated exchange. “He is the gargoyle?” 
“Sí. Celestino is newly born. I assumed that is why you were sent.” 
“It is.”
“I see.”
“May I ask a question, Brother?”
“Por favor, ask whatever you need to know.”
“Who else knows of this creature’s true nature?”
“Only myself, Iseo, and now, you.”
“What purpose does the woman have to hold such a great secret of the church?”
“She is the Maker.”
Father Avriel held his tongue. It had not occurred to him that God would elevate a woman with such a unique gift. Apparently, all aspects of his new appointment had not yet been revealed to him. 

Chapter 8
Crossing of Stone
Iseo walked quietly down the hall toward Celestino’s room, feeling guilty for borrowing a beeswax candle from the sanctuary supply. She did not want the common kitchen tapers of tallow leaving a trail of fatty stench behind her. Now, she worried the honey sweet scent would do the same. She persuaded herself that the stubby cylinder she borrowed would not be missed. The church spent handsomely for the beeswax because it did not smoke and smell of rotting meat during services. The squatty candle cast a faint glow, just enough light to see one foot placed in front of the other. She knocked on Celestino’s door and it opened into the darkened room. The fire in the hearth deadened to charred wood radiating brightly with red and orange. 
“Celestino?” she whispered. 
“I am here,” he said. 
She covered her mouth as a small gasp escaped into the silence. 
“Are you all right?” Celestino asked.
Iseo squinted into the darkness. It took a few moments for her eyes to adjust, until she finally recognized his silhouette a few feet in front of her and felt relief. 
“You frightened me.”
“Lo siento, my Iseo. I meant only to alert you to my presence.”
“You have not lit your candles? Why do you sit alone in the dark?” she asked, as she entered his chamber.
“I do not mind the absence of light.”
“Something that must be aligned with your nature. Humans generally avoid the dark, as it is the Devil’s time.”
“I was birthed in the dark, during the Devil’s time,” he said. “Do you see me as a thing of darkness?”
“You were birthed under the moonlight. And you are not evil, Celestino,” she scolded. 
“Do you not think it curious God only reveals the gargoyle in the night, when all else of His creation was brought forth in the light of day?”
Iseo stumbled about in the gray, heading toward the dimming fire to pick a thin rush from the bundle in the hearthside basket. After she plucked one from the dried bunch, she walked toward the table, where she knew an arrangement of candles was rooted to a copper plate. She used her own candle to ignite the rush and lit the ring of tallow on the table. A warm glow spread into the shadowy corners of the room. 
“What makes you consider such gloomy thoughts?”
“My lessons.”
“Your lessons?”
“Sí.”
She pulled a chair out from under the table and sat. “Tell me your meaning,” she encouraged. 
“It concerns the order of creation.”
“I do not follow.
“How gargoyles are differ from men and angels.”
Iseo placed her hand on his arm. “Of course you are different. You already possessed such knowledge.”
“Are my kind less in the eyes of this God? All living creatures were brought forth by His word. His hand brought them to the light. They are more worthy. My kind was brought forth in the darkness.” 
Iseo considered his words. There was truth in his reasoning, but she knew he was nothing of the evil or dark that ruled the realm of his creation. She carved each inch of him herself and brushed each inch of his figure with her own hands. She knew each bone of each wing, the length of his nose, the size of his clawed feet by perfect measurement, by her heart. He was the perfect result of God’s inspiration. 
“You are no lesser creature. You stand a magnificent wonder. Proof of creation’s mysteries.”
“I consider your words, my Iseo, to be spoken truthfully...as you understand them.”
“Do you think I grasp so little understanding?”
“Only another of my kind would understand fully. I know I have purpose. I am only uncertain of how it will be.”
“Finding one’s purpose is never an easy task, even when we know what is expected before it happens.”
“I know I am to fight evil, but I do not yet understand what evil is.”
Iseo looked down at her hands folded serenely on the table. “I understand enough. I think.” Contemplating the fact that her father would call her home someday to marry a man of his choosing was a reality she tried to ignore as best she could. She had found purpose at Compostela, in her solitude, and in her workshop. The thought of leaving made her chest burn with unshed tears.  
“When will I be freed from this isolation?”
“Am I not pleasant enough company? Father Tomas? Father Avriel?”
“I am pleased with my teachers and my Iseo,” Celestino replied. “I wish to walk freely among humans, under the light of the sun or the moon and stars. I have only glimpses of these things.”
Iseo’s heart softened toward her creation. He was as caged as she was. He was forbidden to do a great many things, until others deemed him ready. 
“Gargoyles and females are not so different after all,” she declared, smiling. A devious thought took hold. “Would you like to explore the cathedral? We must be careful to remain undiscovered...by anyone.” 
“You have no permission from Father Tomas to do this?”
“None whatsoever.”
“Will you be punished if we are found?”
Iseo shrugged her shoulders. “If we are found, most likely, sí.”
“Entonces, we will not be discovered.”
She smiled. “One candle. No more, or the light may give us away.” She picked up the candle she came in with and replaced it with one a bit taller from the table. “We will need more light than this candle has left.” 
 Together they walked down the long, empty corridor that led past Father Tomas’s private chamber and the library where Celestino was to study. The hall appeared to be a dead end. Iseo stooped to place her hand in a narrow space beneath the door. Suddenly, a small click sounded and a thin crack appeared in the wall. She gently pushed at it until the wall creaked opened. Iseo placed her finger to her lips, as she poked her head into the opening, peering around the edge of light into the hallway. 
“It is safe. Come,” she whispered. When they both passed through the secret door, Celestino saw that they had come from behind a bookcase. Iseo pressed the open side of it shut until it snapped into place. 
She crooked her finger signaling him to bend close. When he leaned down, she gently pressed her lips against his ear and said, “Welcome to Santiago de Compostela.”  
Iseo led the way with the thin light of the candle illuminating their path. As they walked, Celestino kept looking up into the darkness, sensing no ceiling structure pressing down from above his head. He stepped up to a wall and ran his hand over the stones. He could feel each block, cut with squared precision, set so closely not even a finger tip could slip between them. Pillars taller than anything he could imagine were set into the floor at equal distances from one another. 
“Everything is made of stone,” he whispered, as much to Iseo as to himself. He understood stone. What he felt in the walls and pillars was what he knew about himself. He was strong, sturdy. He would endure, but for how long he had yet to discover. They walked on in silence until they reached the beginning of the inner sanctuary. The space before them opened up in a grand scale. It was as if the corridor had widened into a heaven of its own. 
“This is the place where God dwells,” Iseo whispered and crossed herself with her free hand. She tapped Celestino’s shoulder. “Look up there.” He followed the direction of her arm. He could see colorful glass windows glowing blue as moonlight filtered through them. 
“It is beautiful,” he said.
“Sí, it is,” she sighed. “Would you care to sit?”
Celestino looked around and saw no bench or chair. She bent down placing the candle on the floor and reached up, taking his hand in hers. She pulled him down to the cold stone floor to sit beside her. She pulled her knees up to her chest to ward off the night chill and rested her back against the pillar. She realized her hand was still in his, so she tugged it free. They watched the gleaming windows. 
“There are no benches in the sanctuary so that the congregation may move about freely during mass.”
“Humans do not tire of standing?”
“Of course we do. Some masses are very long. The sickly and the weak may go to the wall.”
“Go to the wall?” 
“There is a stone ledge that runs the length of the sanctuary. They are free to sit upon it.”
“Why did God give all creatures a mate?”
Iseo hid her surprise at the abrupt shift in conversation. “To keep them from becoming too lonely, I suppose. And to procreate their own kind.”
“What is procreate?” 
Iseo smiled in the half dark. “That is a delicate question, Celestino.”
“You wish not to answer it?”
“I will answer.” She took a breath. “You understand how you came into the world?”
“At your hand. From the livingstone.”
“It is how gargoyles are born, so to speak. It is how your kind is procreated. How more gargoyles are made.” She searched her mind for the appropriate words. “For humans, it is a much different process...for more to be made.”
“Your kind is not carved from stone?” 
Even though she could not see his face, she knew what his lopsided smile sounded like. “You know we are not. Though, I could argue some are indeed made of stone.” 
“What is your meaning?”
“It is another way of saying they are cold and heartless. Not to imply that you are heartless. By no means do I find you so.” Iseo watched as her breath hung in the air. She shivered slightly as the early morning chill crept across the stone floor of the cathedral. The warmth radiating from Celestino tempted her to move closer, but she resisted. The bluish dark, the solemn cavernous chamber, and the hazy chill felt like another world descending around her and Celestino.
“You have yet to share regarding human procreation.” The dreamy world dissolved back to reality. 
“My thoughts wandered from me,” Iseo cleared her throat. “Procreation begins with a marriage. The husband and wife have relations. If they are blessed, the wife will find herself with child. When the woman is with child, this is procreation.”
“What is child?”
“A very small, innocent human,” she said. “Very small.” She cradled her arm to show him her meaning.
“What is with child? Where does the child come from?”
“The child lives inside the belly of the woman.”
“How does a child obtain entrance inside a woman?”
The heat crept up Iseo’s chest to flush her cheeks. “When a man and woman have relations...,” Iseo cleared her throat again, coughing dryly. When she resumed her explanation, her voice sounded tight and high pitched. “The husband places the child inside her. It grows in her belly for nine months. Entonces, she gives birth.”
“Will you do this? Procreate?”
“Not until my father decides on a husband for me. And then, I will be expected to. Women live in the shadow of men’s mercy. Their lives not truly their own. We are thought of as mindless chattel. Which we are not.” 
“You do not wish to do procreation and receive a child in your belly?”
“It is not that I do not wish it. I wish that I had some choice in the matter of husband. Of where I shall live...,” her voice trailed into silence.
“I understand.”
“No. No you do not.” Iseo felt the chill being replaced by the rising heat of indignant anger. Even a male gargoyle pretends to know the trials a woman must face. Are all masculine entities so arrogant? “You will never be forced to lay vulnerable with someone who will lick his lips at you as he would a hearty meal. And then proceed to ravage you whether you wished it or not.”
“I meant only to acknowledge your position, my Iseo.”
“And stop calling me my Iseo.” 
“Gargoyles need not propagate. I will have no mate. I remain always alone.”
“Nor do the angels. Your work requires absolute dedication. Even priests take no wife.” Iseo’s crossness faded as quickly as it had overtaken her. The truth in his statement reminded her that there would come a day when she would no longer be a part of this world, and he would linger for years. Decades. Maybe a hundred decades. Alone.
 “I feel heaviness when you are not with me,” he said.
Her heart thudded. A hot blush spread from her neck to her cheeks. She thought of the warmth of his hand in hers. His perfect pearly smile. The angular chin. She tried to conjure an image of his awesome wings and claws to remind herself that he was a beast meant to serve God, not this perfection of man in flesh beside her.
“You are perhaps lonely when attending to your duties? I imagine that for a creature newly arrived in this strange place,” she sighed, “new sights and sounds might overwhelm. Everything is new and you must absorb it all.” 
“This may be my—” he conceded. “The heaviness may be only that.”
“You may call me as you wish, Celestino. My spitefulness a moment ago was not justly placed at your feet.” His easy agreement with her reasoning should have relieved her anxiety, but she found it only made her sad. 
Celestino stiffened in an instant. He inhaled the cold air, exhaling it slowly through his mouth, tasting it. 
Alarmed, Iseo asked, “What is it?” His actions reminding her of what she was easily forgetting in the darkness with his closeness. He was not human.
“It is unfamiliar. I cannot place the scent.” Celestino shook his head, as if to clear the foreign smell from his nostrils. 
Iseo placed her hand on his. “We should return. I fear tomorrow I shall be of little use to Father Antony in the kitchen if I am awake until dawn.” Celestino stood up in one fluid motion, again reminding her of his true nature. There is no future for us. She knew this, even as she ached for it to be so.
From the pitch-black shadow behind a far pillar, a pair of eyes watched the couple exit the sanctuary. The figure scowled in displeasure beneath his hooded cloak. With merely a thought, the specter disappeared. The young woman and her companion none the wiser. 

Chapter 9
Of Fish and Sticks
Once safely in bed, sleep eluded Iseo as a dream eludes the sleeper upon awakening. She could think of little else except the closeness of Celestino, his warmth, and the sound of his voice. She rolled onto her side and pulled the covering up under her chin, in hopes of finding comfort against the cold and loneliness. Until recently, she had not felt alone. As the morning hour approached, Iseo’s eyes finally closed in fitful slumber. 
A harsh knocking startled her from the gray sleep. “Hurry up girl! Your habit of tardiness annoys!” Father Anthony bellowed through the entry. Iseo sprang from her bed so quickly she lost her balance. Her head ached from lack of sleep. She washed her face in a shallow water basin and ran her fingers through her matted hair, pulling the long, chestnut tresses into a messy braid. It will have to do. Iseo reached for the dark-green woolen over-dress and threw it on over her rumpled chemise. Her feet were freezing on the stone floor.
“Where are my shoes?” she asked into the darkness. She found them under the bed. As she bent to slip them on, she remembered Celestino’s warm hand next to hers. She closed her eyes to ward off the image, but it only intensified the vision. “Stop it! Stop it!” she said aloud to herself. She quickly put the slippers on, wiggling her toes inside the stiff shoes to warm them up and to soften the leather. She lit a single rush to keep from tripping in the early morning darkness and hurried to the kitchen, where she knew a grumpy monk was waiting. 
“It is about time you arrived, girl,” Father Antony snipped. “I had to start the bread by myself…again.”
“I apologize,” Iseo murmured as she tied on the kitchen apron. She moved to the wide wooden table and began to shape the rising dough into oblong loaves for baking. 
“All those who live here take their obligations seriously.”
“I understand, Father.”
“Everyone must pull their weight in chores.”
“I understand, Father.”
“It just will not do, Iseo. Being late. Food does not prepare itself.”
Iseo bit her tongue. Lack of sleep and hunger pushed vengeful thoughts into her mind. She wanted to pinch the priest’s lips together to stop his tirade against her, but she could not. Instead, she took her irritation out on the spongy dough, even slapping a few loaves for good measure.
“It does not matter what bargain your father made with the Monsignor and Father Tomas. You are a woman. You belong in front of the hearth more than any of us.”
Each word of Father Antony’s condescending manner pelted Iseo. She was female. What defense had she against such an accusation? She loaded several loaves onto the hearth stone. 
“Fetch the fish from the smokehouse. The Fathers will be expecting more than sop and wine this day,” Father Anthony chided. “The basket is on the shelf. Fill it up.” Iseo hurried to do the kitchen master’s bidding.
Pale-yellow fingers of dawn reached like God’s hand across the deep blue velvet sky. The snap and crunch of every twig, every leaf she stepped on, was amplified by the stillness of everything else. As she approached the smokehouse, the smell of dried fish made her slightly nauseous. She unlatched the door and entered the dark, hazy room. The fully dried fish hung stiffly on fisherman’s twine strung between wooden poles. Picking a basket full within moments, she covered her haul with a cloth and exited as quickly as possible, thinking only of escaping the acrid smell. 
Again, her footsteps sounded loudly in her ears. 
“Buenos dias, Iseo.”
Iseo dropped the basket, spilling the dry catch on the ground. “You startled me, Father.”
“My apologies,” Father Avriel offered. “Here, allow me to help.” He stooped to gather the dried fish carcasses.
“I did not hear you behind me,” Iseo thought out loud.
“I should hope not,” Father Avriel responded casually.
Iseo froze with a dried fish in her hand. She looked quizzically at Father Avriel, but before she could ask him what he meant by the odd statement, he said, “There. Your fish is as good as new. I will not tell Father Antony that you scattered the morning meal on the ground.”
She could think of nothing else to say, except, “Gracías.” She turned to leave, walked a few steps, and looked back. Father Avriel was no where to be seen. She spun all the way around, looking in every direction. How strange. How can he just vanish? It did not occur to her to look up, and he was glad she did not. 
When she returned to the kitchen, Father Antony was in a full sweat, his rounded cheeks ruddy with exertion. “What took you so long, Iseo? Give me the basket. Get the last of the bread before it burns.” He practically yanked the basket from her arm, took the cloth off, and began dividing the contents into three large wooden bowls. “What is this, Iseo?” he demanded. She turned to see what issue he had with her now, only to see him holding a twig between his fingers. Her eyes widened and she bit her bottom lip. “Speak!” he bellowed. His eyes bugged out in fury. “What is this?!”
“A small stick,” she said.
“You insolent little—” 
“Buenos dias, Brother. Iseo, pleasant to see you again,” Father Avriel greeted them. The distraction was enough to bring Iseo’s culinary inquisition to an abrupt end. 
“Begin removing the food to the dining hall,” the grouchy priest snapped. Iseo immediately picked up a bowl of de-twigged fish and scurried out of the kitchen. 
“Brother, it appears you are vexed by the woman? Does she burden the house so much?” Father Avriel inquired.
“She is not always mindful of her duties.”
“In what manner? I refer to her not being mindful?” 
“It is nothing. Nothing. If you mean not to help set the bread and wine to table, get out of my kitchen.” Father Antony tried to wave off any further interrogation. He was uncertain of the reason the Monsignor agreed to take on the girl, and he was not about to have his superior, or anyone else for that matter, nosing around his business. 
“Where is the wine kept?” Father Avriel asked. “And the water to cut it with?”
“The pantry stock. Around the corner. The water has already been drawn and set to table.” 
“Bueno,” Father Avriel said, then added, “Does Iseo take her meals in the hall?”
“No. She takes all her meals alone.”
“Ah. I see,” he paused slightly, “I will see to the wine.”
“Strange man,” Father Antony muttered to himself. However, he was grateful to get him out of his way. Why so interested in Iseo? His curiosity regarding the new priest faded as thoughts concerning the preparation of the next meal pressed with more urgency. More bread to bake and fresh fish to prepare. Cooking was a chore that never ended in God’s house of hungry Fathers. 
*
Iseo took a full tray of fish, a fresh loaf of bread, and a small decanter of watered wine to her workshop. Setting the heavy tray on the floor, she fumbled for the iron key to her door. There were few doors with keys in the monastery, but her workshop, being one of the most guarded of all rooms, as it served as the doorway between the secret halls and common world, required one of those rare keys. 
When she opened the door, she was surprised to find Celestino inside.
She interrogated him with her eyes. “How did you enter without—” 
“I am no ordinary creature, my Iseo,” he replied. “My feet are silent when moved to purpose.”
“What if someone caught sight of you? Contact with anyone outside your training is yet forbidden. What if you accidently gave yourself away?”
“That was not your concern last evening.”
“That was different. We were together. It was late, and everyone was asleep.”
“Do not fret, my Iseo. I was unseen. I would not think to give us away.”
She stood and stared at him. Something was different, but she could not put her finger on it, nor could she lend voice to it. 
“Shall I help with the tray? Shutting the door is most prudent. Considering your concern.” Celestino moved to retrieve the tray from the floor. The wine decanter was still in the crook of her arm. He took it from her, as well. “Hunger is strong in the dawn.” 
 Celestino ravenously ate the dried cod. He grimaced at the taste of wine, even when it was watered down to almost no wine at all. 
He wiped his mouth on his sleeve. “May I request favor of my Iseo?”
Smiling, she said, “Of course.”
“I would hear more of Tristan and Isolde. Will you read from your book?”
“Sí, Celestino. I will read to you. If you promise to learn to read on your own.”
“It is the purpose, is it not?”
She rose from the table and went to her shelf. Several leather bound books lined the middle shelf, and she ran her fingers along the spines until she found the right one. With her index finger, she tilted it out and lifted it from the company of the others. 
“I think we will start at the beginning. The Childhood of Tristan.”
Celestino settled into a comfortable position across from her. 
“If you are to learn to read, you must sit beside me. Follow along as I read. In time, you will begin to see the words for yourself.” He nodded consent and brought his chair to sit beside hers. His nearness made her heart heavy and full, like a ripe fruit weighing heavy on a delicate branch. Each heart beat carried a whispered song with lyrics unknown to her.
“Begin,” he said, “at the beginning. For all things have beginnings.”
“And all things have endings.” She opened the book and read. 
My lords, if you will hear a high tale of love and of death, here is that of Tristan and Queen Isolde; how their full joy, but to their sorrow also, they loved each other, and how at last they died of that love together upon one day; she by him and he by her.
Long ago, when Mark was King over Cornwall, Rivalen, King of Lyonesse, heard that Mark’s enemies waged war on him; so he crossed the sea to bring him aid; and so faithfully did he serve him with counsel and sword that Mark gave him his sister Blanchefleur, whom King Rivalen loved most marvelously. 
He wedded her in Tintagel Minister, but hardly was she wed when the news came to him that his old enemy Duke Morgan had fallen on Lyonesse and was wasting town and field. Then Rivalen manned his ships in haste, and took Blanchefleur with him to his land; but she was with child. He landed below his castle of Kanoël and gave the Queen in ward to his Marshal Rohalt, and after that set off to wage his war.
Iseo gently turned the page. Her voice a soothing song of words to Celestino’s ears.
Blanchefleur waited for him continually, but he did not come home, till she learnt upon a day that Duke Morgan had killed him in foul ambush. She did not weep, she made no lamentation, but her limbs failed her and grew weak, and her soul was filled with a strong desire to be rid of the flesh, and though Rohalt tried to soothe her she would not hear. Three days she awaited re-union with her lord, and on the fourth she brought forth a son; and taking him in her arms she said:
 “Little son, I have longed a while to see you, and now I see you the fairest thing ever a woman bore. In sadness came I hither, in sadness did I bring forth, and in sadness has your first feast day gone. And as by sadness you came into the world, your name shall be called Tristan; that is the child of sadness.”
After she had said these words she kissed him, and immediately when she kissed him she died.
Iseo closed the book and sighed. “It is a sad tale indeed. Tristan’s fate was sealed with that kiss.” 
“His fate?”
“Fate is the path your life must follow. Your life is set in motion, no matter the amount of effort to steer it otherwise.”
“His mother kissed him to sadness?”
“I suppose. Her broken heart was part of his fate.”
“Do you have a fate?”
“Sí, I suppose I do.”
“Does it inform you what you are to do?”
“It does not work so easily as that. You never truly know your fate until you are behind the sight.” 
“I do not understand behind the sight?”
“The knowledge that was there from the beginning, but you ignored, because in the moment the closeness of things blinds you to the truth. Not until moments are far away from you, can you see them clearly.” 
“Do I have a fate?”
Iseo reflected on her visions, how he came to be...his birth. “I believe that you do.”
“If you believe it so, then it is enough for me.”
Speaking of fate reminded Iseo that her tenure at Compostela was limited. She did not want to contemplate what the future held for her. Instead, for the first time, she preferred the immediate present. “That is enough reading for one morning. I have chores to attend to, and you have a lesson with Father Tomas.”
“And Father Avriel,” he reminded her.
“I had forgotten.” She wished he had not reminded her. It still bothered her that he was able to sneak up behind her with such stealth. Monks were not known for their stealth. 
“I will take my leave. I think I have behind the sight for you.”
“How do you mean?”
“The farther I am from your company, the more clearly I see you in my mind.” 
Iseo laughed. “That is called distraction. Now, go. Go to your lesson. I trust you will allow no one to see you.”
“I will move as a spirit moves.” Celestino’s smile warmed her in a way she knew it should not. It brought too much comfort, too much of an ache in her chest. So, she ushered him quickly out the door and brought the wooden lever down, securing a measure of safe isolation. 
*
“Ah! Celestino, we were waiting for you.” Father Tomas had the sacred book already opened on his desk top. 
“I was...reading,” he responded.
“Fine. Fine. Por favor, sit so we can begin the lesson.”
Celestino sat in his accustomed chair. “I am ready to begin.”
The elder Father began, “I was just bringing Father Avriel to the instruction point we last completed. This morning we begin with the great balance between the Light and the Dark. And the war being waged between Heaven and Hell, literally above and below us.”
“Do you remember all your lessons on the creation of the world and mankind?”
Celestino nodded affirmatively.
“Bueno. Do you remember when you asked me why God would allow evil in the world, if He was indeed the creator of all things? And allow the Fallen to exist beyond the bounds of Heaven?”
Again Celestino nodded. 
“This day, we speak of sacred knowledge. The Light and Dark faces of God,” Father Tomas began. 
Father Avriel straightened in his seat. “This should be informative.”
Father Tomas continued, ignoring the comment from his younger counterpart, “God is the Light of the universe. He is the great Maker of the world, of all heavenly hosts, of mankind. His glory is His creation. Angels know God for they literally live in His presence. They commune directly with him and were given freewill, like man. Because of their close proximity to God, it is easy to choose Him. Humans, on the other hand, face a more difficult task.”
“True, angels are closer to God than humans in the order of creation. You are wrong about the choice being easier,” Father Avriel casually remarked.
Father Tomas narrowed his eyes at his spiritual Brother. “As I was explaining, God is the God of Light, of goodness, the Creator. In order for a Creator to exist, there must also be an equal being of Darkness and Destruction. This Darkness existed at the moment of mankind’s creation, because without it humans could not exist. This is the God of Darkness, the spirit of Evil in the world. Thus, God is actually two entities, Light and Dark. The Dark side of the face of God is called Satan.” 
“God of Light is creator. God of Dark is destroyer,” Celestino restated his lesson.
“Satan exists as an oppositional balance with God. And it is Satan who rules the underworld of Hell. It is Satan who is Lord of Temptation and destroyer of human souls.”
Celestino shook his head in confusion. “Why does God not crush the dark side?”
“He would be destroying a part of what makes Him...God. Remember, without the Dark in the world, we cannot know the Light.”
“You have a fairly complex view of God,” said Father Avriel. “I have not heard any man discuss this duality in many years.”
“If you doubt it, you can read for yourself in the Codex. It is all right here.”
Father Avriel pointed at Celestino. “I believe just knowing that he exists is proof enough,” Father Avriel reasoned. “What do you know of Lucifer?”
“Ah, that is in the next chapter,” answered Father Tomas, as he turned a page. “The nature of Lucifer is more complex, Celestino. First, you must understand the order of the angels. God created them for various purposes. Some are more illustrious than others.”
“That would be an understatement regarding Lucifer,” Father Avriel offered. 
“Cherubim are the highest ranking angels. It was they who guarded the Tree of Life in the Garden of Eden, protected the Ark of the Covenant. They were appointed to stand watch over God’s throne in Heaven. The most beautiful of all the cherubim was Lucifer. He was God’s ideal of perfection. He alone, among the angels, was granted full knowledge of good and evil.” 
“Lucifer was second only to the son of God. And that distinction was not enough for him,” Father Avriel scoffed. 
Father Tomas continued undeterred, “Angels have free wills, just as humans do. Just as you do, Celestino. Angels must choose to follow God. And so must you.”
“And if he does not?” Father Avriel asked.
“He is with us now. Protected by the Church, so that he may chose correctly,” Father Tomas insisted.
“The Church cannot direct the nature of his decision, Brother. He must choose when he truly knows what is pitted against him. You show him words, not reality.”
Celestino interrupted their argument, “I may choose God or evil?”
“Sí,” the elder priest confirmed, even as fear pricked the back of his neck.
“I choose God. I would crush evil,” Celestino assured both men. 
“How can you choose, Celestino?” Father Avriel argued. “You do not even know what evil is. You do not know the temptation of Satan. Lucifer was the most glorious angel in Heaven. It was his task alone to compose the melodies of the universe. God appointed him chief of heavenly song. We did not call him the Light of the Morning without reason. Yet, even he chose to follow Satan. He chose to be worshipped as a god, instead of worshipping the Creator. If the most perfect of God’s creation can be tempted by evil, then it is possible that any of God’s creations—man, angel or gargoyle—might choose to reject God. It is not as simple as choosing to crush evil.” Father Avriel fairly shimmered with his passionate discourse on Lucifer and freewill.
“We?” Father Tomas questioned.
Father Avriel clarified, “We, as in the Church. What reference did you think I meant?” The radiance Father Tomas caught in the corner of his eye disappeared the instant he uttered the word we. 
“Nothing. I am not sure why I asked the question.” He felt confused and dizzy. 
“Are you well, Father Tomas?” asked the younger priest. 
“Sí, whatever it was, it is passing now.”
“Perhaps, it was the fish from breakfast?”
“Sí, sí. Perhaps,” Father Tomas said, wiping his now sweating brow with his sleeve. “Let us continue with the lesson tomorrow.”
Celestino nodded. “I will seek the company of my Maker to teach me reading again.”
“Fine, go. Peace be with you,” Father Tomas shooed Celestino out. 
Father Avriel turned to send a blessing with Celestino, only to discover he had vanished like a shadow in the full light of day. Interesante.
 “You do realize, Brother, what would happen if Celestino did not choose God?” Father Tomas grimaced with lingering discomfort.
“Enlighten me on the subject.”
“He is sequestered here, under heavenly roof, for a reason...they all are in the beginning. If they are set against God...if they were to unite with—” Father Tomas collapsed in his chair. “The evil they are capable of is something there is no match for. Not even Saint Michael could defeat such a one as that, if he turned to the God of Darkness.”
“Are you saying Celestino possesses power to rival the Lord of Archangels?” Father Avriel questioned.
“A gargoyle twisted by evil is more powerful than any Archangel.”
Father Avriel considered this thought. This particular truth was unknown to him. “How long will Celestino remain sequestered?” Father Avriel asked.
“Until he is fully consecrated in the sanctuary. After his first forty days of flesh and his seven days of stone.”
“Will his position be certain?”
“He must make his own choice...as you so clearly brought light to bear on the subject. His newness in the world makes him vulnerable. After consecration, his decision to serve God is as compelling as that of man or angel.”
Father Avriel thought of Lucifer falling like a burning star to earth. “Entonces, we can never be certain.”
“No more than for you or I. We will have to trust his faith.”
“He is without God’s breath. Absent that, how can he have faith?”
“He has a heart. That is enough for faith.”
“We shall see,” Father Avriel said.

Chapter 10
Trail of Saint James
Iseo’s knees ached against the cold stone floor. So engrossed in the discomfort of scrubbing the floor, she failed to sense the large presence in front of her until a man’s boot came in contact with her wet scrubbing rag. She looked up the boot, the leg and then the torso to see Celestino smiling down at her. 
“I apologize. I did not realize you were standing there.”
“That is evident.”
“Are you finished with your lessons for the day?”
“Sí, I am.”
Iseo stood up slowly, rubbing at the muscle twinge in the small of her back. She looked around the hall. It was unusual for it to be so deserted this time of day. A wild idea planted itself in her head.
“Celestino, would you like to take a walk outside?”
“Is this not forbidden, until I am consecrated?”
“It is forbidden that you have interaction with anyone.” Iseo heard herself bend the truth.
“Did Father Tomas give his permission?” Celestino’s brow furrowed with the question.
“No, he did not,” Iseo replied.
Celestino fell silent. She could not read his face, and the silence began to embarrass her for even asking the question. Who am I to ask him to fall into disobedience? Embarrassment quickly turned to shame. Just as she was about to ask for forgiveness, his answer surprised her.
“You are certain we will come in contact with no one?” 
“I promise. I have no wish to be discovered. There is a quiet section of the Camino de Santiago. If we happen upon any pilgrims, we may veer from the main road and wait for their passing.”
“I will do as my Iseo requests.” The sangre in the livingstone pulsed quicker, compelling him to seek solitude with Iseo. 
“Meet me in my workshop. I must finish this floor or Father Anthony will be furious. He believes me slothful as it is.” She paused for a moment. “Here, you will need my key.” She reached into her apron, but Celestino stopped her.
“I require no key. If my Iseo remembers.” Celestino departed on soundless footsteps. She watched as his tall form disappeared around the corner, before she rushed to finish scrubbing the floor. An afternoon in the fall sunshine, walking with Celestino, might be the balm her spirit craved. Lately, she felt restless, ungrounded, like a leaf fluttering in a small swirl of wind.
When she returned to her workshop, he was already waiting for her. 
“It might be prudent if we cover you up a bit,” Iseo went immediately to a trunk tucked beneath a worktable. She pulled it out and lifted the lid. Fabrics and clothing fairly burst from inside, spilling over the edges of the chest.  She rummaged through embroidered silks and soft velvets, until she found what she was searching for.
“Here it is!” She shook out a long, black leather hooded cape. “I made this for my father, should I ever see him again,” she mused. “A cloth merchant brought his cart of textiles with him on his pilgrimage. Imagine, bringing your wealth with you. It defeats the purpose, really,” Iseo recounted the story ambivalently. “It makes little difference now. I think it will serve our purpose.” She handed the garment to Celestino. “Is it not soft? The leather  smoothes as velvet to the touch.”
Celestino swung it around his shoulders with an expert flourish. A warm, pleasant weight filled his chest. He smiled at Iseo, flashing his perfect set of white pearls.
She returned his smile with a slight warning, “Do not smile at anyone. As a matter of fact, do not even open your mouth.”
They used the side door of her studio, keeping close to the back retaining wall of the cathedral grounds. Iseo led them to a section of the wall overgrown with tangled vines. Lifting the foliage up, she revealed an opening in the stone wide enough to allow them to pass through. 
When they emerged on the other side they were in a small, wooded area. Pines and dogwoods towered above, dry leaves scattered a brown carpet before them. Iseo grabbed Celestino’s hand, leading him along a narrow dirt line through the thin forest. They walked for many moments in silence with nothing except their entwined hands touching. Yet, the simplicity of the contact felt more intimate than anything Iseo knew. She thought of Adam and Eve in the Garden of Eden. How they were naked before God and not ashamed. How beautiful that innocence of self must have been. That innocence, she thought, remains in children as a reminder of mankind’s original perfection. Here, under the clouded sky, surrounded by molting trees, she felt a prick of that innocent perfection.
She led them to a shallow stream filled with small flotillas of floating leaves, swirling and sinking as the water babbled gently over rounded gray and brown rocks. 
“We are now walking along the trail of Saint James. The pilgrims follow el camino, the road above us,” she pointed up a small embankment. “Do not worry. I doubt anyone will notice us down here.” 
“What is this water?”
“It is a stream. When it rains, or snow melts, the water swells into a stream. Sometimes to rivers.” 
“Where does the water go?”
“It finds its way to the ocean, as all streams and rivers do.” 
“Why?”
Iseo thought for a minute, “I really do not know, Celestino.”
“May I ask my Iseo another question?”
She smiled. “You may ask me anything you wish.” 
“How many of my kind have you freed?”
“Only one...only you.”
“I am glad I am the only one.”
“I hope to free others, like you, who will fight evil.” 
Celestino made no reply. They walked a while without further conversation, before Iseo finally asked, “You do not wish me to free others?”
“No, I do not wish to share my Maker.”
“The Lord is your true Maker. I am simply His vessel to command.”
Celestino dropped his hand from hers. “My chest burns when I am with you. The sensation is unpleasant.”
Iseo touched his arm. “You will find many things unpleasant in this life. Suffering is a common plight for humans. Our true glory is in Heaven.”
“Gargoyles do not ascend to Heaven. I am of this earth.” He turned away from her.
“Apologies, Celestino. I meant no—”
“I do not wish for Heaven.” He pressed his palm to his chest.
“Is something wrong?”
“The burn turns to sharpness.”
“Lo siento, Celestino.” Iseo touched his arm lightly. He put his hand over hers.
“Do you not feel this? When you touch me?”
“Feel what? The pain?” Iseo pulled her hand back. “No. I do not,” she lied.
“I will ask Father Tomas. He may have an answer.”
“Sí, perhaps it is something to do with your particular nature.” Iseo smiled. “Let us speak of something else. Maybe whatever is affecting you will pass?”
Celestino smiled, “Sí. Tell me more of the first man, Adam. And his Eve.”
“What would you like to know?”
“Father Avriel said Adam was not satisfied with Paradise?”
“I am not sure if dissatisfied is how I would describe it. This is rather a long story,” she said.
“Is our walk so short?”
Iseo laughed, “You are right. Entonces, the beginning?”
Celestino smiled. “Sí, my Iseo.”
She cleared her throat. “Adam lived in the most beautiful garden on Earth. We call it Eden. In the center of this paradise, God placed two trees.”
“What is the meaning of paradise?”
“A place where you are without need or want. Happiness is taken by what is already in your possession.”
“Living in God’s House is this for me.”
“I never considered it in those terms, but sí. I suppose there is no better place to be than in Compostela for a gargoyle.” She continued the narrative. “These were no ordinary trees. One was the Tree of Life. The other, the Tree of Knowledge of good and evil. God forbade Adam to eat the fruit from the Tree of Knowledge.”
“Not from the Tree of Life?”
“It is not so written.” Iseo continued, “Adam was alone in Paradise and God saw he required a mate. So, He created Eve from a bone in Adam’s side.” She put her hand on Celestino’s ribcage. “From here. She was the first woman and wife. I believe they were happy in Paradise for a time.”
“They did not remain so?”
“No. One day a snake spoke to Eve, telling her that if she ate from the Tree of Knowledge she would become like God, knowing good and evil.”
“But it was forbidden.”
“What would a human be if mistakes were not made? The snake enticed Eve to eat the fruit. She, in turn, enticed Adam to eat it.”
“Was God angry?”
“You could say that. As soon as Adam and Eve ate the fruit, they knew good and evil. They lost their innocence. After a time, God found them in the garden. Hiding. He called them forth and confronted them. Adam blamed Eve straightaway. He made certain God knew the fault was hers. I can imagine Adam standing there, in front of God, saying you gave her to me.” She said. “God banished them from Eden forever. Their punishment would be to suffer mortality and hardship. If they were to find paradise on earth, it would be through their own sweat and sangre. God sent the Cherubim to guard the gate, so Adam could not return to Eden.”
“To keep them from eating the Tree of Life fruit?”
“I suppose that is the most probable reason. If Adam had eaten it, he would stand immortal. Regardless, this is the story of how sin fell into the world. And why women are considered inferior to men, in the eyes of the church. And men.”
“I do not consider my Iseo inferior to anyone.”
She smiled. “I find it curious Adam’s singularity was the only imperfection God observed in all creation. God needed to make woman to complete the circle of creation. Eve was the cornerstone of God’s arch, as far as I see it. Woman should be revered, not relegated to second class citizenry and baking bread. And we certainly should have word about whom we are bonded with in marriage.” Iseo wrapped her arms around her waist as they walked. Suppressed fears of marriage erupted in a nauseous wave of anxiety in her stomach. What if I must marry someone I detest? What if I must leave Celestino? 
They walked along the widening stream without passing words between them. After a time, she stooped to wipe the leaves clinging to the wool hem of her dress. Celestino knelt beside her, gently brushing the debris from places along the train of her dress and cloak she could not reach. His hand brushed hers, sending a warm blush to Iseo’s cheeks. Being near him is as too much wine, when one more sip threatens to overturn all good senses. She stood up abruptly.
“Is your mind burdened, my Iseo?”
She looked down at the ground. “We should return before the sky darkens.” 
“As you wish,” he hesitated, adding, “but you did not answer my question.”
“I am fine, Celestino. I was only thinking that marriage is a pilgrimage. You leave behind everything you used to be, to become part of something larger than yourself. It is sacred. Marriage is the ultimate pilgrimage for a man and a woman. And yet, I will have no say when it comes my time to make the eternal vow.”
“I, too, am sorry you must make the vow. Perhaps, you will stay at Compostela and never make the vow.” Celestino stopped dead in his tracks. He inhaled the air deeply. “We are not alone, my Iseo,” he whispered, as he pulled her close.
“Are you supposed to be out of seclusion?” a voice behind them asked.
They both spun around, stunned to find Father Avriel standing there. Iseo immediately remembered the smokehouse, and how he literally appeared behind her without being heard, and disappeared in a blink. 
Guilt slapped Iseo to the present reality. “It is my fault. I thought he could use a walk. Ease his restlessness.”
“Women make the most sinful of decisions,” Father Avriel chided.
“I took care we made contact with no one. He is safe with me.”
“And yet you failed to detect my approach.”
“I apologize,” Iseo said. She braced herself for harsh words.
“You do not understand what he is up against. He is not safe with you, out here.” He scanned the sky. “It is growing late. Get him back to the church quickly.”

Chapter 11
Of Wings and Warning Words
Darkness drifted across the small chamber of Celestino’s room. The silver sliver of moon cast only thin rays of light through the upper window. Celestino lay on his bed with eyes wide open, staring into the empty space above him. Sleep continued to evade him in his human form. He got up and lit a short, fat candle at his table. Iseo’s book lay on the table. He opened it, staring at the words. At first the black-inked letters appeared as nothing more than dark smudges and strokes, and then they began to swim and morph into segments of understanding. He heard his own voice inside his head as his eyes strayed across each line. 
He heard...Felons, that charged me with coveting King Mark’s lands, I have come lower by far, for it is not his land that I covet. Fair uncle, who loved me orphaned, ere ever you knew in me the sangre of your sister Blanchefleur, you that wept as you bore me to that boat alone, why did you not drive out the boy who would betray you? Ah! What thought was that! Isolde is yours and I am but your vassal; Isolde is yours and I am your nephew; Isolde is yours and may not love me.
But Isolde loved him, though she would have hated. She could not hate, for a tenderness more sharp than hatred tore her.
The story of Tristan and Isolde unfolded in his mind, as himself and Iseo. He recognized the sharp pain in his chest as the suffering of Tristan. The candle flame sputtered in its own pool of melted beeswax as Celestino felt the dead hour approaching. He blew out the flame and sat in the dark in his chair, staring as before. The air shifted and grew heavy. He heard the soft fluttering of a large bird...inside his room. He stood, turning to see the intruder. The livingstone within him rushed to push forth his wings, his claws threatened to burst into combat. In that instant, a blinding light filled the darkness and spoke with a voice like thunder.
“Your duty is to God.”
“Who are you?” Celestino questioned. He reigned in his beastly sangre. 
“I am the Archangel sent to guide you. Train you. Protect you when the humans cannot.” 
“Reveal yourself that I may know my heavenly champion,” Celestino commanded, as he had been trained to do. Only a true servant of God could reach physical clarity under the sacred roof of the church. Any trickery would be forced to immediately depart. 
The stunning light faded and the angel’s form became visible. He stood taller than a man, taller even than Celestino. From head to toe, the Archangel’s rose-gold armor gleamed. He fairly shimmered in the polished metal scales and entwined circles of silver mail. His sword was over half the length of his body from tip to pommel. His shield looked more like luminous light than metal. His face was chiseled perfection, his eyes blazed bluer than the sky. His hair hung in a cascade of raven black curls, spilling over his shoulders. 
“Celestino,” he spoke. “You use your protocol as commanded.” 
“What purpose do you have with me, Archangel?”
“Your consecration draws near. I am sent as your watcher.”
“I understand.” Celestino nodded in deference to the Archangel.
“I come also to remind you that your duty is to God, not to yourself.”
“I will choose God on my consecration day.”
“Yet, you are torn, are you not?”
Celestino did not answer the question, instead he remained silent. 
“Beware attention from the female,” the Archangel warned. “They are complicated creatures, and not meant for your kind. Even the angels, who dared trespass the forbidden, procreated atrocities of flesh.”
“It is different with my Iseo. She is my Maker,” Celestino answered. 
“You are not permitted to be her mate. Marriage is for those whose soul comes with grace. Angels and gargoyles live narrow paths within their choice to serve God.”
“I will make the righteous choice, Archangel. Do not fear.”
“I will always be watching you. I will appear when you need me most. I will not fail you, Celestino.”
“I sense another reason you have been sent to Compostela.”
“Perceptive, warrior. It is not yet the time. All things have their order.”
“Very well,” Celestino nodded and said. “You have not given me your name.”
“I am not required to. I will reveal it when you are ready to hear it.” The mysterious pronouncement was followed by a radiant light, a swoosh of air, and then a peaceful silence. Celestino knew what he wanted to do. 
He crept through the shadows like a night wraith, through all the secret passages out into the nighttime. He made his way to Iseo’s chambers. 
Celestino found her as he always did; peacefully asleep. He morphed soundlessly into his gargoyle form, folded up his wings, and curled up in a circle to sleep. He would find the balance between God and Iseo. He must, for both their sakes. 

Chapter 12
The Final Lesson
 “Ah, Celestino. We have been waiting. Por favor, take your seat. This day marks the final formal lesson. This night...your consecration begins.” Father Tomas had the secret text already opened and the pages laid out. 
“I am ready, Father,” Celestino said. He took his accustomed chair across from Father Avriel. The room filled with scholarly breath, as the elder priest began the day’s instruction.
“We begin with possession. There is no way to describe the turmoil of a human soul possessed by evil. Truly possessed. When you see it, you will know it. The experience teaches you about the dark, as well as the light. You will know the power of goodness when you know the depth of evil.”
“For I cannot know light without knowing also the dark,” Celestino offered.
“Correct. Demons may not take possession of a soul within the house of God. Evil may enter under here, only if its victim was possessed elsewhere. So be on guard for evil in the guise of a sheep.”
“A sheep?” Celestino questioned.
“Not an actual animal. A sheep is a human, a reference to humans requiring a shepherd for guidance. As the Lord is the shepherd and we His sheep,” Father Tomas explained. 
“I understand.”
“Under this roof, we are safe. Beyond these walls, the spirit realm has dominion over men. There is no absolute protection. This is why we...why you...are required in the world. It is why you are kept here. So you may be protected until your consecration is complete.”
“I may move amongst the people once this is complete?”
“Sí. You will be like us,” he pointed to himself and Father Avriel. “A man of the cloth is what people will see. You will have no flock of your own. You will give no sacraments, except last rites or baptism, when necessary. And you will live here for all your days.”
“I understand.”
“The two rites you are allowed can save a soul from eternal damnation. Once a soul is cast into Hell, it may never be retrieved. It is an eternal sentence of anguish.”
Father Tomas continued with the lecture, “We must finish with the dialogue on angelic presence. The Cherubim are the highest ranking angels in Heaven.” He turned a page and turned the book around so Celestino could see the brilliantly painted artwork depicting gold leaf flames amid bright greens, blues, and reds. “These are the Cherubim. The fiery angels of God who guarded the entrance to Eden; and guard the very throne of God.”
“They kept Adam from going back to eat from the Tree of Life,” Celestino said.
“How do you know this?” Father Avriel asked.
“My Iseo explained these angels to me,” Celestino said.
“You do learn quickly. Behind these fiery beings are the Seraphim, the Thrones. The lower orders of angels may come into your realm as aid. Primarily, the Archangels.”
“I am familiar with Archangels. One is appointed as my watcher,” Celestino said. 
“Your watcher?” Father Tomas asked. “Gargoyles have no watchers. It is not written in the Codex. That implies—”
Father Avriel interrupted, “That he has his own guardian. An elevated position no doubt. To have an Archangel as a guardian.”
“How do you know of your watcher, Celestino? I was not aware this touched the realm of possibility,” Father Tomas stammered.
“Perhaps, there is more to learn than you had supposed...regarding gargoyles,” Father Avriel suggested.
Father Tomas flipped through several pages. “The Codex offers no reference to this anywhere.” He sounded confused by Celestino’s revelation. “I am sure you are mistaken, Celestino.”
“He came into my chamber.”
“What?!”
“Last night. He spoke with me,” Celestino said, not wishing to reveal the primary admonishment the Archangel had given him regarding Iseo.
Father Tomas sat hard into his chair. “An Archangel? Here, in Compostela?”
“Sí.” The gargoyle assured.
“Did you see him? Actually look upon his countenance?”
“Sí.” 
“What did he look like?” the priest asked, his curiosity piqued by the occurrence. 
“Did the Archangel give you his name?” Father Avriel questioned Celestino.
“No, he did not. He said he would reveal all when I was ready to hear.”
“Perhaps, you are not permitted to discuss the situation further? You may have revealed too much already,” Father Avriel remarked.
“How would you know of Archangel law?” Father Tomas quipped, his desire for information beginning to grow greedily.
“You are not the only trained priest within these walls. Remember your place, Brother!” With this admonishment, Father Avriel’s countenance filled the space between them all.
The elder priest, rattled to the core, sat back in his chair and took a drink of watered wine.
Father Avriel returned the training back to its course. “Is there any further instruction required concerning the angels?”
Father Tomas cleared his throat. “They can be your most fervent allies in your missions to save souls,” finished the priest. “Sometimes their presence is required, when the enemy is particularly ancient, or closely allied with Lucifer.” Father Tomas opened to a section of the Codex separated by a red ribbon, gently smoothing the page. “The highest of all canon law for exorcizing demons is to command the unclean to reveal their name. Once you have the name, they can be diminished. And in the name of Jesus, they can be cast back to Hell.”
“What if a demon refuses?” Celestino asked.
“He cannot. He must give his name.”
“Why is the demon compelled to give his name, when angels are not?”
“Because the mystery of God is the Law of the universe. He has set in motion all that surrounds us, from the sun rising to its setting. Everything. In all things. He demands that demons give up their name to remind them that they are part of a design not of their own making. The underworld operates as if they will win the great battle, but it has already been foreseen they will lose. They take as many as they can with them into eternal damnation. Even a demon wants whatever immortality it can salvage for itself. If the demon defies the law, it will be extinguished. By giving their name, they are vanquished back to Hell, but have hope of returning to do some future bidding of Satan or Lucifer.”
“In the name of the Son, I command the demon to give its name.”
“Sí, and do not waiver or doubt. Command and know it with all your being, or it will sense your weakness and twist your thoughts to serve its own purpose. The exorcism will be compromised.”
“Show no weakness,” Celestino restated, committing the knowledge to memory. 
“Tonight is a very special event in your existence. It is the beginning of your ordeal. You will be expected to endure no less than any servant of God,” Father Tomas said. 
Father Avriel added, “An ordeal is meant to challenge your heart’s resolve. It is meant to bind thought, heart, and body to one purpose and one purpose only...to serve God.”
Celestino nodded understanding. The weight of the ceremony was hours from commencing, yet he felt the pressure of it already weighing on his heart.
“You will be cleansed through the ritual and dedicated under God’s own roof to His divine purpose. You will be welcomed among the human community, into our world, as one of us.”
Father Avriel looked Celestino in the eye. His gaze stinging straight into the gargoyle’s heart, as he said, “Choose wisely. Choose God. Chose victory.”
“Gracías, Father, for your advice. I will take it to heart. I will honor my Maker with the task before me. I will cleanse my heart and set my feet upon the path of righteous tasks to serve God,” Celestino vowed.
“God is Law. Remember that simple truth. He has set events in motion for reasons we will never know. That is a primary suffering for humans…always wanting to know why. We want to know why. We feel compelled to unearth the reasons for our suffering. There is no reason, Celestino.”
“Why do people pray at all?”
Father Tomas answered as honestly as he could, “We pray because we must. Our prayers are pleas sent to God for favors that the Law of Heaven be bent in our favor. When the Law is so turned, we call it miraculous. And it is truly a miracle when that occurs. Know that there is beauty in the order of the world. Accept the order, do not question it. Beyond that, there is no certainty.” 
Celestino knew instantly what he must do. He realized the enormity of his task. In a small recess of his heart, he secreted away his love for Iseo, his Maker. Loving her served his purpose, rather than God’s. Celestino realized his selfishness would taint the pure truth if he could not contain it. 
“I will do it,” he confirmed
“You begin at dusk. You will be bathed, oiled, and sent to the sanctuary for your vigil. Go now. Your Maker awaits.”
*
Iseo waited in the bathing chamber, as the setting sun’s golden rays pierced the narrow window slits. She knew it fell to her to bathe the man, who was not supposed to exist. He must be properly anointed for his consecration and she was the only one permitted to perform the task. It also fell to her to anoint the beast, because she alone could view Celestino in his true form. 
Rose and lavender scented steam curled up from the huge basin like ribbons of smoke. The heat inside the room rose to a sweat inducing temperature. Beads of it dripped down the center of Iseo’s back and down her face, stinging her eyes. A knock sounded gently on the door. She moved to open it, knowing it would be Celestino. Since their walk in the woods, she had begun to have a keen sense of his whereabouts. She knew that her feelings needed to remain hers and hers alone. 
“Buenas noches, Celestino,” she whispered.
“Buenas noches, my Maker,” he returned the proper greeting. 
“Your bath is ready, sir.” Iseo felt her shyness rushing into her chest and face, and she struggled to keep it at bay. Her formalness confused him. This would be the second time in Iseo’s life she would be standing before a naked man. “You may disrobe behind the privacy screen. When you are ready to step into the water, do so.”
“Sí, my Maker,” he said, making his way to the designated area. Iseo turned her back. For a moment she watched the sunlight filtering through the steam and busied herself watching how the wisps of vapor twisted and turned in the light. 
Celestino unfastened his belt and set it down on the bench, the metal buckle making a distinct clang against the wood. Iseo watched the vapors swim with her breath. He lifted the heavy, wool overcoat over his head and laid it carefully over the belt. He sat next to the pile of clothing to reach his boots, pulling each one off and setting them side by side. Iseo inhaled and closed her eyes as she exhaled, knowing his shirt and breeches were all that remained of his modesty. She heard him slide into the water behind her. 
“I am ready, my Maker,” he said. Iseo turned around, to find his bare back facing her. I can do this. I must do this. Had she been raised in the secular world—where tradition dictated the Señora of the castle, or manor, and attending maids bathe the masters and knights—this moment might not present such an embarrassing agony. By sheer will, Iseo approached the tub. Taking the washing sponge in her shaking hand, she leaned over his broad, bare shoulder and dipped the sponge into the hot herb-scented water. She lifted the water-laden sponge, held it over his back, and squeezed until the water cascaded down his spine. Again, she dipped the sponge and released the water. She took the soap she had made herself—from ash, olive oil, wild thyme and crushed lavender—in her other hand and rubbed it into the sponge. Trembling, she scrubbed the back of his neck, across the width of his shoulders, and down his back until her hand hit the surface of the water. He bent his head back so she could rinse his shoulder-length hair. Wet with water, it shone black as midnight and slipped through her fingers like heavy silk cords. When he closed his eyes, she dared to glimpse the curve of his chin as she pressed the sponge to his cheek, running it along his jaw line and down the front of his neck. She dipped the sponge again into the spicy water and moved to the side of the tub.
“Your arm, por favor, sir,” she murmured, her voice quivering with uncertainty. He obliged her without a word. She soaped the sponge again, releasing the pungent sweetness of a meadow, and then scrubbed down to his wrist. Iseo scrubbed the top of his hand and fingers then turned his hand over, exposing the palm. She gently washed the tender hand, the hand that would someday press demons to flames. His fingers curled around her hand and she froze. Tears welled in her eyes, filling the lower lashes with heaviness that spilled down her cheeks.
“Por favor, my Iseo, do not weep,” Celestino whispered. “I am grateful you are my Maker. That is all.”
She could only nod understanding. How could she speak anything without betraying herself? He released her hand. She did not wipe her eyes; she let the tears dry, salty in their trails. Iseo moved wordlessly to the other side of the tub. Once there, he offered her his other arm. She leaned over the edge to wash his chest, his mouth close enough to taste the smell of the damp curls framing her face.
“You must stand,” Iseo instructed. As she stood there with her eyes closed, she heard the water splashing, and then wet feet on the stone. “What are you doing?” she asked without looking.
Celestino came up behind her and wrapped a piece of cloth around her eyes. “For modesty,” he said. 
Iseo smiled. “Gracías.” She thought it strange how, at his birth, he was like Adam without embarrassment for his natural state. Now, exposure to the world, or to her presence, provided reasons enough for him to seek modesty. 
She heard him reenter the tub. She felt her way behind the tub by following the rim. She reached out, groping the air until she felt his back, and washed the final length of it and down his legs. He turned around and she completed the process of washing his torso. “Your feet are all that remain, sir.” Celestino sat in the now cooling water. 
“You may see me. I am modest once more,” Celestino declared. 
Iseo dropped the sponge in the water and wiped her wet hands on her apron. She untied the loose knot he made and blinked the blurry vision away. “Your feet, sir.” 
Celestino leaned back, propping his feet up on the edge of the small, wooden tub. He wiggled his toes at her and she could not help the giggle that bubbled forth. For a precious moment, the tension between them, caused by a forced intimacy, drifted away. She scrubbed his feet with the sponge, between each toe and across the arches. “There, you are appropriately bathed. I dare Father Antony to find even a speck of dirt anywhere on you!” 
“How do I get out without offending you?” he asked. 
“I will hold the towel up high enough to see only your face,” she responded. Iseo drew the heavy towel up to her eyes, as he stepped from the tub. He took the ends of it and wrapped it tightly around his body. Iseo turned and walked to a small table with various glass bottles filled with scented oils and cleansing agents. They clinked delicately as she sorted through them to find the required jar. “Ah, this is the one Father Tomas said must be used.” She turned around to face Celestino, who remained covered. 
“I must anoint the gargoyle,” Iseo revealed. 
“I understand,” Celestino replied. “Perhaps you would like to look away? I must drop the covering to do as requested.”
Iseo closed her eyes, feeling the room warm slightly. She heard what sounded like silver bells, then a low growl, and she opened her eyes. She smiled. “It seems like such a long time since I have seen you.” The gargoyle bowed his head in deference to her, his Maker. She approached the leonine beast with wings and clawed feet with less trepidation than the naked man. He was magnificent in stone; stunning in fur or flesh and sangre. “Do you know what tonight is?” The lion shook his massive mane. “It is All Hallows Eve. A fitting vigil to mark your own ordeal.” As the sunset’s final golden rays burst across the darkening heavens, Iseo anointed the lion’s fur between his eyes with the sign of the cross. “You are ready.” The winged lion bent his head to her, and she kissed him as she whispered, “May God’s blessings be with you always, Celestino.” The lion licked her hand. “Father Tomas left a scarlet robe for you, and a pair of brown leather sandals. These are the only garments you are permitted to wear into the sanctuary,” Iseo informed Celestino. “I will not see you again until after the dawn.” She turned quickly and left the room. 
The dawn would see the rise of a newly consecrated warrior of God, a mighty beast whose strength would shake the vilest beings back to Hell.
*
Celestino walked into the nave of the sanctuary. It was the first time he walked freely, out in the open for all to see. Candles provided a dim path against the growing darkness. Perhaps it was the somberness of the occasion that urged him to study the ceiling. He noticed each arch curved to support the next. It reminded him of a ribcage, causing him to think of the House of God as the bones of God. He moved with soundless feet across the empty space, pausing briefly before the pillar he and Iseo had sat against not so long ago. Celestino closed his eyes and pulled up the image of her sitting next to him in his mind, but quickly opened them again to the reality before him. There was no place in this world for Iseo and his kind...there was no place anywhere for that dream. Finally, Celestino passed by the last colossal column and its corresponding arch into the crossing of Compostela. 
In the shadows, he saw the silhouettes of Father Tomas and Father Avriel. They stood just beyond the presbytery, in front of the rood elevating the seated Saint James. The saint’s gold crown glittered even in the gray light of early evening. 
“Welcome, Celestino,” Father Tomas greeted.
“Welcome,” Father Avriel echoed.
“I am honored to be received in the House of God,” Celestino replied. 
“Tonight is a sacred eve, not only for you, but for all the saints who have come before you. In whose name, and with their aid, you will fulfill your destiny,” Father Tomas intoned. “Your attire symbolizes your future. The scarlet robe signifies your willingness to sacrifice yourself for God’s purpose. Your sandals are meant to remind you that forever you are connected to this earth, where you shall remain rooted all of your days. You have come with a cleansed body before this alter?”
“I have,” Celestino responded. 
“Entonces, kneel before our Lord, our God, and offer your deference to the most High,” Father Tomas commanded. Celestino complied without a word, even as the cold, rough stone cut his knees. “You will keep your watch before God and his Holy servant, Saint James, until dawn breaks the sky. Only then will you be ready to commit to God. As your body is cleansed, let also your heart and mind be clear and free of sin.” 
“You shall speak to no one, nor seek aid for any discomforts you encounter.” Father Avriel commanded.
“I will seek neither aid nor comfort,” Celestino stated, acknowledging his ordeal.
“Entonces, it begins,” Father Tomas said. He and Father Avriel disappeared behind the figure of Saint James, and Celestino was alone. After the first hour, his knees began to ache. After the second hour, he felt a thin slickness beneath each knee. He smelled the metallic saltiness of his own sangre, the sourness lingering on his tongue. 
An illicit image of Iseo sleeping filtered past his best inner defense. The mental flash stirred a longing deep within his core. The pain in his knees paled in comparison to the desire he felt to curl up in the shadows of her chamber. Bits of conversation from their walk along the pilgrimage path came to him; the phrases, the smiles, the gentle touches...all repeated with a life of their own. Tristan’s words taunted from closed pages: “Isolde is yours and may not love me.” Iseo may never love me, he thought. Celestino realized that choosing God meant letting her go, letting her go in his heart. Why did you put this agony in my chest? He closed his eyes. Por favor, remove this longing. I do not wish it for myself, or my Iseo. This cannot be the Law of God to love her.
Outside, night bloomed with eerie beauty. A low, cold mist spread across the land, curling over fields and covering the ground beneath orchard trees. Blue-white clouds hid the moon and stars from view. The celestial bodies shone visible, only for brief moments when the clouds broke, like the hand of God parting Heaven’s curtain. Beneath the night sky splendor, on the precipice of Santiago de Compostela, a lone figure stood his own vigil. His armor gleamed, his luminous shield ready on his arm. His sword unsheathed, tilted at the ready. The bitter breeze that caught his raven curls affected him not at all. His keen eyes scanned the sky, then the streets below. He would not flinch or move from his post until the gargoyle below had safely passed the night without incident.
*
As dawn crept through the morning sky, streaking it purple and pink, Celestino sensed the Love of God filling him. His knees itched as the dried sangre, cracked, and oozed anew when he shifted his weight. A sense of duty for his purpose filled him. His duty to God pushed his selfish desires deep into his heart, where he hoped they would stay buried forever. I can bear it. 
Father Tomas and Father Avriel appeared much as they had disappeared the previous evening, from behind the seated figure of Saint James. 
“Rise, Celestino. Your vigil is complete,” Father Tomas said while Father Avriel helped Celestino to his feet. The deed ripping his scabbed skin from the cold stone. His knees stung. His legs felt stiff and numb.
“Have you made your decision?” Father Tomas asked formally.
“I have,” Celestino responded.
“Of your own free will?”
“Sí.”
“And what is the warrior’s decision?”
“I choose to serve God.”
Father Tomas smiled. “It is my duty to present you with these gifts on God’s behalf.” 
Father Avriel presented the sword, while Father Tomas spoke, “The double edged blade is your reminder that you must uphold what is right and just. Accepting the sword signifies your dedication and loyalty to our Lord. Do you accept this gift?”
“I do.”
Father Avriel handed the polished weapon to Celestino.
“This shield is presented as a reminder that you are a shield of God for His people. Do you accept the responsibility?”
“I do.”
Father Avriel brought the gleaming shield forward and laid it at Celestino’s feet.
Father Tomas continued, “This white belt signifies the purity of your body, mind, and heart. Gird your waist with it always as a reminder of your freewill and your choice.” Father Avriel wrapped the belt around Celestino’s waist. 
“Make your oath before God and receive the collee,” Father Tomas
Celestino bent on one knee, breaking the skin’s bloody crust on both knees. He ignored the stinging sensation as he spoke his fealty to God, “I will honor these gifts given me this day. I choose to serve God all the days of my life, to uphold the word of God, and to call upon His angels should I require aid. I will not fail in my tasks.”  
With the vow spoken, Father Avriel delivered the collee, a harsh slap to Celestino’s cheek. As his face quickly reddened, the priest said, “Remember the sting of my hand, thereby, remember your fealty before the Lord as His warrior.”
“You are consecrated before God,” Father Tomas said. “You are ready to do work in His name.” He handed Celestino a wooden cross on a beaded cord. “I realize the crucifix does not have the same meaning for you, as it does for humans, but it is a symbol people will expect a priest to be wearing. From this day forward, people will know you as Father Celestino.”
“Gracías.” Celestino bowed his head. 
 
Chapter 13
The Rite and Butterfly
Talking in the full light of day revealed more than Celestino imagined possible of the human world. Iseo taught him how to behave in this world, how to hide his differences, how to move in ways that would not draw undue attention to him...but she could not convey the tangible reality of walking amongst them. The world he had studied so intensely existed only as pale images inside his own imagination and from behind the purity and safety of cathedral grounds. The Fathers and Iseo were the only humans he had genuine contact with since his birth. He watched the morning mist hang like thin clouds over the damp earth. This day would be his first true experience casting out demons. This day, God and Evil, would test him as an exorcist. 
I am ready, he thought, his feet slipping slightly with each step on the recently rain-muddied road. The hem of his ecclesiastical robe became wetter and more soiled, until finally he felt the uncomfortable cold, drenched wool slapping against his ankles and shins. He noticed Father Tomas walked without even the slightest indication of discomfort. In fact, he smiled and nodded to every villager they passed.
Long blades of field grasses and vegetation swayed with the wind. The earth’s breath inhaling and exhaling misty trails through the verge solidified in Celestino’s heart that the world lived. Sweet smells and the musk of dirt filled his nostrils. He could not help but smile. This is the world God created. 
A farmer pulling a cart the width of the narrow road pushed Father Tomas and Celestino into a soggy dirt gutter, which was filled with recent rainwater. 
“Sorry Fathers!” the farmer shouted over his shoulder.
Entonces, these are the humans whom God created in His image. The wretches whose souls are as precious as the flames of Heaven. The creatures God protects with His own sangre... and the assistance of Archangels and my kind.
Every step beyond the sacred grounds of Compostela felt unfamiliar, not only in sight and sound, but also in smell and spirit. He realized the further he and Father Tomas traveled from the center of the cathedral, the further away from God they were. He sniffed the air, noticing that it tasted different on his tongue. 
By mid morning, they came upon the house of a man called Andres, whose wife sought assistance on his behalf. Celestino noted the clumps of wild lavender growing around the little cottage. The spicy scent barely masked the stench of evil clinging tenaciously to the humble dwelling.
A round, worn woman met them at the door. “Bless you, Fathers...for coming,” she said, as she kissed their hands. Celestino’s gaze lingered briefly on her swollen eyes and pale skin. “What is your holy name woman?”
“My holy name?” she questioned. “I am not sure I understand, Father.”
“The name bestowed upon you at baptism,” Celestino clarified.
“Madia.”
“You were baptized properly? By a priest in the holy waters of a church font?” Celestino pressed the issue further.
“And I have two proper godmothers and a godfather to prove it. Though my godfather passed five winters ago, God rest his soul.” Madia crossed herself. 
Father Tomas watched as Celestino smelled the air, like a wolf catching the pale scent of his prey. Celestino eyed the woman, not so much with doubt, but with pity. “And your husband? He is the afflicted, is he not?”
“Sí. His torment never ceases, Father,” she answered.
“And was he baptized as a child?”
Madia looked down at the worn floor boards, wringing her hands into her apron. 
“I require only your confirmation of what I suspect already.”
“His mother died with him still inside her, the midwife cut him out. She is the one who baptized him,” Madia confessed. “It was done proper, I assure you. Midwives take such matters as a grave and serious duty.”
“And your husband’s father felt no urgency to take the babe to a priest?”
“I tell you, all was done proper,” she said, defending her father-in-law’s decision.
“And yet your husband lies abed, tormented by demons...as you say, his torment never ceases.”
Madia’s fatigue and worry overwhelmed her body and she sank to her knees. She began to weep, as the icy finger of fear punctured her gut, tugging and twisting her insides. “Are you saying that Andres’ soul is unclean?”
“I am saying the Evil One seeks the weakest link in a human’s sacramental shield. Is he faithful?” 
“Father! Such a question!”
Celestino was confused by the woman’s dismay. He looked to Father Tomas for guidance.
“He inquires concerning your husband’s spiritual faithfulness,” Father Tomas clarified for the distraught wife.
“I thought...your reference hinted at adultery. I could not bear it if you told me such a vile thing. After all I have done to...no mind...you were not asking me...he worshipped as often as the next man.”
“Did the Light manifest in his life? Did you feel God work through him?”
Madia looked to Father Tomas this time.
“He means was your husband a godly man?”
Celestino eyed his mentor. “That is what I asked.”
“Speak to her as if...she is not trained so...thoroughly.”
“Is that what you mean, Father? Was he a godly man?” Madia asked Celestino.
“Sí, that is my inquiry.”
“He prayed every day. He was kind to me, the children. He would never have hurt a living soul. He paid his tithes as best he could.”
“Father,” Celestino said, “I wish a word with you. Alone. Outside.”
The two priests walked out under the clear blue sky. The warmth of late Fall released the purple spice of the lavender blossoms into the air. When Celestino felt certain they were out of earshot of any demonic spirit dwelling inside the house, he spoke.
“I believe the man’s soul is in mortal danger.”
“As are all souls caught in the labyrinth of possession.”
“It is more. I smell death within. The decay of his soul has already begun.”
“Souls do not decay, Celestino.”
“I have no other words, than this. I feel it ties to his baptism.”
“The church wholly supports the midwife’s right to baptize an infant under duress. How you can question the practice? It is necessary.”
“Perhaps,” Celestino puzzled over the situation, “something foul is at work.” His job was not only to save human souls from the grip of demons and the Fallen, but to defeat them and their allies as the enemies they were. They returned to Madia, who was waiting anxiously inside. “Take us to your husband.” Celestino said.
The room was dark and small. An oiled animal skin stretched over the window opening, denying even the slimmest rays of light to penetrate the shadows of the chamber. Celestino smelled Hell’s putrid stench oozing through the man’s bruised and blotchy skin. 
Father Tomas approached Andres with experienced caution. Madia had refused to secure him to the bed, out of her sense of duty as a wife, making the approach more dangerous. He held his hand over Andres’s head before placing his palm on his forehead. The man writhed and hissed at the holy touch. Andres drew labored, irregular breaths. His eyes rolled around in their sockets like pebbles in an empty cup. 
“This is where we begin, Celestino,” Father Tomas said quietly. Father Tomas opened a leather pouch from his waist and pulled four pieces of cord. He handed two of them to Celestino. “Go around to the other side.” Celestino did as directed. “Gently, bind each limb beginning with his wrists.” Once Andres was secured to the wooden posts of the bed, Father Tomas stepped back and motioned for Celestino to come to him. “What do you sense, Celestino?”
“This man’s soul is in grave jeopardy. It is already halfway to Hell.”
“Entonces, we must work to pull him back to our world and God.”
Celestino nodded affirmation. 
“Observe closely. Demons are wily creatures. They will seek to deceive us into false security. When threatened with returning to Hell, they themselves, creatures of the burning sulfur, will shriek for mercy and beg to be left alone. Do not be moved by their pleas. They only look for another weak soul to inhabit.”
“I have none, Father,” Celestino reminded. 
“You have something equally valuable to the Prince of Darkness. Do not listen to promises made by the unclean spirit spoken for your benefit.” Father Tomas’s grip on Celestino’s forearm tightened. “You must promise.”
“I promise, Father.” 
“You have fasted and prepared?”
“I have. Do not fear for me. I am certain of my purpose,” Celestino spoke with conviction.
“Bueno.” Father Tomas turned his undivided attention toward the afflicted. He pulled out a silver cross, blessed by the Pope himself, which hung from a long chain about his neck. The father crossed himself and kissed the cross. He made the sign of the cross over Andres tightly drawn forehead. From the waist pouch, Father Tomas also produced a vial of holy water and a purple cloth, which he draped around his neck and shoulders. He took a mouthful of the holy water and sprayed a fine mist upon the afflicted man’s chest with a single breath. Andres screamed in utter agony, twisting in his bindings. He hissed and coughed, but the priest took another mouthful of holy water and spat a mist over his head. The possessed man’s flesh burned red and blistered, he screamed with the voice of twenty men. 
Father Tomas knelt beside the bed and began the ancient rite to deliver the afflicted man from the clutches of Satan. He called the Spirit of God and the Archangels, and the Saints to guide them. Father Tomas placed his hand on Andres’s head. The evil gnashed his teeth and spat at the priest.
“I know what evil you unleashed, Tomas!” Andres snarled. “Speak his name! His name!” Celestino glanced at the priest.
Father Tomas, undeterred by the demon’s taunting, continued imploring the aid of Heaven in the liberation of Andres’ soul. He recited the requisite exorcist psalm.
The demon spoke through Andres with a voice of a thousand winds. “I need not listen to you! Maker of evil!” 
“I command you, unclean spirit, speak your name!” Father Tomas was relentless.
The demon laughed in his face. “Come to me idiot Maker. Idiot, stupid man. You think you can win this battle?”
“Your name!” Father Tomas’s voice deepened with urgency and conviction.
“So you can banish me? Never!”
“I command you by His holy name to reveal who you are!” 
“Maker of the Morning Star’s shield in Hell!” the demon laughed hysterically. “You seek to command me? Go to Hell. See how your evil is glorified.”
“In God’s name, I command you give us your name! You filth who torments His creation without His consent.”
There it was. The slip the demon had waited for. It was entirely by God’s consent that evil should be allowed to penetrate humans. It was their right by heavenly warfare to take as many souls as they could procure to Hell. The very act of possession proved the necessity of God’s existence, therefore, God allowed it.
“You are wrong, stupid priest! I am not here without His consent.”
Father Tomas realized his mistake too late. The demon’s knowledge of his gravest of human failings caused a ripple in the ocean of his faith. Celestino felt the spiritual battle leaning in the demon’s favor. 
“I command you to give your name!” Father Tomas persisted, sweat beading his brow. His arms shook as he held the silver cross to Andres’ head. Celestino was aware the soul of the man was caught in gray mist far from the battle being waged in this stifling small room. He knew Andres’ soul hovered between this world and Hell upon a precarious balance. 
Urgency pushed through Celestino. He grabbed Andres by the neck. “I command you, as God’s warrior, to give me your name. Despised, unclean disease of Satan.”
Andres’ eyes bulged. Gasping for air, his face turned white, then red, and finally purple. “Tell me!” Celestino’s voice boomed like thunder. 
Andres’ body flailed against the restraints. “No!” the demon squeaked.
“I will squeeze the life from this mortal and end your own if you do not, scourge of the earth! Should you refuse to reveal who you are, attacking this servant of God, I will press you into perpetual darkness.”
“He is no servant of God,” the demon croaked, as foam spilled from his lips.
Celestino eased his grip. “He is baptized and the sacraments of God fulfilled.” Celestino tested his theory. 
“No! No!” the demon gasped for breath and laughed. “You can not save him, warrior. He is beyond even your reach. You smelled it already.” 
Celestino’s training taught him that demons would twist reality. That they would speak, bending the truth to their own purpose. He felt the livingstone of his flesh fill with his purpose. His stature grew before the eyes of all in the room. Father Tomas stepped back in awe. “I have caught only the scent of your foulness wicked one. Deceiver!” Then, Celestino bent his head close to the possessed man and whispered, “You will have no victory here. Give up your name.”
The demon feared that this warrior would kill the host and end his existence forever. “I know what you are!” the demon spat out in surprise.
“You know I am not bound to Heaven or Hell, demon,” Celestino threatened.
 The demon feared eradication more than facing Satan for failing to drag a soul to the fiery depths of Hell. Satan wanted to win the battle, but needed his foot soldiers to help him do so. Satan would not kill him; neither would Lucifer, God’s own Morning Star cast down millennia ago. They would send him back to torment and capture another weak human. But this warrior could hurl his essence into the oblivion of nothingness if his grip became any tighter. He coughed out his name. “Demetrix.”
“I command you to leave this child of God forever! Never return to torment him!” Celestino squeezed the demon once again. Father Tomas made the sign of the holy cross over Andres. Andres’s body slackened. The afflicted exhaled and it was over. The demon fled in terror, but Andres’s body was spent from the evil that had inhabited it for so long.
Father Tomas approached Andres. “Kiss the cross,” he commanded gently. Andres tried to lift his head to satisfy the request. His lips touched the silver and his head, too heavy to support itself, fell back onto the bed. 
“Father, Father...bless me,” Andres whispered. “Por favor. I will not remain much longer on this earth.”
Before Father Tomas could speak, Celestino interrupted, “What did the demon mean? You are not a child of God?”
“I do not know. I do not...know,” Andres said, tears streaming from the corners of his eyes. 
“Father, you must baptize him,” Celestino said.
“I beg pardon?” 
“I believe he was not properly baptized. It is his missing sacrament. His weakness,” Celestino said. Father Tomas did not debate the point. He used the remaining holy water from his exorcism vial to baptize the man. No sooner had he completed the ritual, than Andres’ spirit released itself from the physical form. A gentle breeze filled the room as a butterfly with sapphire wings, the size of a man’s hand, flitted through the doorway, landing on the bedpost at Andres’ feet. 
“I have never seen such a thing in all my years.” The priest crossed himself.
“What do you speak of? You have never been present when a soul exits a body?” Celestino inquired.
“It is the butterfly, Celestino. It is a sign that God is pleased.”
“How do you know this?”
“I have lived my entire life in this town and I have never seen such a delicate creature as flew in at the moment of cleansing. Ever. Surely, Andres has gone to Heaven.”

Chapter 14
The Maker and Midwife
“I trust your evening was spent in rest?” Father Tomas asked Celestino.
“My rest was complete.” Celestino had sought the comfort of Iseo’s chambers to sleep, as was his habit now. He found no rest when not in her presence. 
“Bueno. We must speak of what happened yesterday with the peasant, Andres.”
“Sí, I believe we must.”
“Celestino, how did you know about Andres? That he was not properly baptized?” 
“I smelled the stench of his soul’s decay.”
“You almost killed Andres with your bare hands. You almost...revealed your true nature.”
“I did what needed to be done.”
“You frightened Madia to death. I had to convince her that what she saw was a trick of the light and the Devil.”
“My purpose is to save human souls possessed by darkness. I can do no less.”
“I understand that fact entirely. But you, Celestino, must understand that your powers must be carefully guarded. You cannot have the townsfolk thinking you are as frightening as the demons possessing their loved ones.” 
“Very well, Father,” Celestino acquiesced. “I am troubled by this exorcism.” 
“How so?”
“His baptism was unholy, it is why the demon worked so quickly. Andres had no spiritual defense. And the demon knew this.”
“I have never heard of such a thing happening before.” Father Tomas stood up from his chair. The idea of unclean baptisms occurring troubled him. “We have no proof…,” his voice trailed off as he looked out the window.
“There is something else I must ask you, Father.” Celestino continued, “What did the demon mean when he spoke of you being the Maker of the Morning Star’s shield?”
Father Tomas turned around and looked Celestino directly in the eye. “You are not the first gargoyle of Santiago de Compostela.” 
“It is your turn to explain, Father. For I sense no other of my kind here,” Celestino asked.
“It is a long story.”
“I believe we have time...for a long story.”
Father Tomas sighed and slumped heavily back into his chair. “It is the most glorious, and most dishonorable, experience of my life. I was a Maker...like Iseo. It was how I came to the church in the first place. As a young man, I was plagued by strange, nightmarish visions of clawed beasts with talons and beaks. I was certain I had some stain of sin on my soul, resisting all my prayers for absolution. Believe me, I prayed for deliverance of these visions until my fingers ached. The priest from my birth village suggested a pilgrimage…a pilgrimage to Saint James. So, I came.” Father Tomas stopped to pour some wine. “Would you like some?” He pushed the decanter toward Celestino.
“No. Do not be offended, Father. I do not care for wine, although Iseo insists I should.”
“She is correct. You will need to at least pretend for appearance sake, but no matter between us.” 
Celestino urged the priest to continue, “You came here on pilgrimage? Did your visions cease?”
“No. No they did not. Quite the opposite. They intensified. I sought the advice of the Monsignor. He questioned me about the nature of my dreams, when they began, how they progressed and so forth. I told him everything,” he sighed. “In the end, he informed me there may be a spiritual cure, but I had to pass a secret test. If I did, my entire world would never be the same.”
“Did you agree to this?” Celestino asked.
“Sí, even though I had no idea what the challenge might be. He took me to a sculptor’s workshop. I remember thinking it was not so unusual that a sculptor’s shop would be here on the grounds of Compostela. It was a growing cathedral. Stone work was everywhere.” Father Tomas closed his eyes. “It is yet clear in my mind. A strange colored stone slab stood in the center of the room. The Monsignor bade me lay my hands upon it and tell him what I felt. At first, the stone was cold. Gradually, it warmed to my touch. I felt it pulse with a life of its own. The sensation startled me and I pulled my hands from fear.”
“A livingstone slab,” Celestino reflected.
“Sí, it was livingstone. And I was being called to become a Maker. My visions were the images of the gargoyle God desired I release.”
“Did you release him?”
“I studied with the masons and a master sculptor for over a year, before I put chisel to stone for the first time. Once I began, I became nearly obsessed with freeing him. He was magnificent, Celestino. As I am sure Iseo understands with you, there was a great sense of wonder. My belief in God strengthened in an instant. I knew I was witness to the very window between here and Heaven.”
“What did you call him?” Celestino asked.
“Tanuicus.” Father Tomas fell silent. His thoughts flying elsewhere, to the past, to things he would rather forget.
“Why is Tanuicus absent from these walls?” Celestino asked. “Is he in some other House of God? Why would he leave this sanctuary? I thought it was forbidden to do so?”
“You are right. It is forbidden...it was also unforeseen. I should have known, but I did not. To this day, I do not know how I could have missed something so important.”
“What did you miss, Father? What did you overlook?” Celestino pressed for the truth.
“That he had turned to Satan. He knew God. Had made his vows. Yet, he chose Satan in the end.”
Celestino said nothing. It was inconceivable that a gargoyle would make that choice. “Where did he go?”
“I believe Andres gave us the answer. He is serving as the shield of Lucifer the Fallen.”
“He lives in Hell.” Celestino briefly contemplated the fact. “Why would a gargoyle make such a choice?”
“Freewill,” said Father Tomas. “When Tanuicus fled, the Monsignor demanded I take formal vows to atone for the blemish of sin I birthed on the world. I had released no warrior of God, but a powerful warrior for Satan. He warned me that I must repent daily for my failure to bring God’s work to successful conclusion, if I ever intended to reach Heaven.”
“Why would the Monsignor allow another Maker at Compostela?” Celestino questioned the priest.
“I do not believe those decisions are his alone to make. Someone wanted another gargoyle here. Since I am the only surviving livingstone sculptor in this realm, it fell to me.”
Celestino simply nodded his understanding.
“It was not my choice to become involved with the birth of another gargoyle. I did not wish it. Perhaps I can redeem my past by Iseo’s success, by your commitment. I believe it is why Father Avriel was sent here.”
Celestino observed the way Father Tomas rubbed his temples. “Father, what words do you refuse to release from your mouth? Is there more of this Tanuicus to tell?”
“Ah, you gargoyles are perceptive creatures. There is more...Tanuicus will likely be one of the most powerful beasts in Hell. A turned gargoyle gathers strength no matter which choice he makes. A gargoyle is like the blade of a sword, double edged. Dangerous.” He looked at Celestino. “It is one of the reasons your kind are carefully birthed in secret, fully consecrated before you are exposed to the world ... and why you remain in God’s House.”
“What is the other reason, Father?”
“Once Satan and Lucifer know of your existence—now they do, have no doubt—they will seek to turn you or kill you.”
“They may not have me. I am for God,” Celestino insisted.
“It is not only you they will come after,” the priest paused, “they will come after the Maker. To stop the birthing of more gargoyles.”
“My Maker,” Celestino murmured to himself. “They may not have her.”
“It is why she is kept here at Compostela. Iseo is not safe in the world, as long as you exist.” 
“We must discover what happened at Andres’s baptism. I suspect he was not baptized at all. Some midwives hold little respect for the spiritual world, so focused they are on the physical,” Father Tomas reasoned.
“And protect my Iseo,” Celestino added.
“Sí, by all means, protect the Maker of Compostela. And there is one more thing you must consider.”
“What is that, Father?”
“Tomorrow evening you begin your first week of stone watch. The time has come for you to pay your requisite price for what you truly are.”
Celestino bowed his head in understanding. “I pay it gladly,” he said. “Excuse me, Father, I wish to see my Maker.”
*
Celestino found Iseo in the kitchen house, kneading bread dough for the afternoon meal. She looked up when he entered the door and smiled. A stray hair fell across her face, which she tried to tuck behind her ear with her wrist, but to no avail. He stepped forward and with a deft finger neatly tucked the wild lock of hair behind the intended ear. 
“Gracías...what are you doing here? I mean, in the kitchen. Have you no lesson?” 
“The lesson for this day is complete.” 
“Ah. Bueno,” she said. “I am going to be here for most of the day. Father Antony has disappeared and it falls to me to make sure the Fathers have their midday meal.”
“I see.”
“You may help if you wish. A fisherman brought a basket of fresh fish for a change. They need to be cleaned before they are cooked. The basket is over there.” Iseo pointed to the table across from her.
Celestino picked up a dead fish. It slipped from his hands, landing back in the basket where all the other dead fish jiggled. He finally gripped one behind the head, its black, beady eyes glistening. “How do I clean this foul smelling creature?” Iseo looked up at Celestino. His grimace looked more like pain than a reaction to the pungent smell of fish in a basket.
She laughed. “If you make that face now, wait until you smell what is on the inside. It does not get much better.” She showed Celestino how to cut the belly of the fish and scoop its guts out. “Just remember you like fish when it is cooked.” Together they worked in the kitchen house without speaking. Several hours later, the bread was baked to a golden brown, boiled potatoes sat in bowls waiting to go to the dining table, and the fish was boiled to tender perfection with sea salt and fresh crushed garlic cloves. 
The food was delivered and the table set for supper, when Iseo dismissed herself from Celestino’s company. 
“Why are you leaving?” he asked.
“I always eat in my chamber. You will be expected to eat with the other Fathers from now on. It would draw too much attention if you were to eat with me...alone, in my quarters.”
“I see.” Celestino felt disappointed by that knowledge.
“Remember to drink the wine. The Fathers will think it odd if you do not. Cut it with extra water, if you can. It will make it more palatable.”
“I will do as my Iseo suggests,” he said, “I will miss our dining together.”
“As will I. Now go, get ready for supper. I will be fine,” Iseo reassured Celestino. 
Iseo filled a small trencher of bread with fish, broth, and a small potato, leaving Celestino to fend for himself among his new brethren.  
*
Deep into the night, Celestino lay in his bed while sleep eluded him. The darkness pressed shadows to the wall, enhancing all sound until the dead hour arrived. The sensation of this hour caused his skin to tingle. He was about to make his ritual walk to Iseo’s chamber to sleep, when a familiar blinding light consumed the dark. 
“Buenos noches, Celestino,” the voice boomed. 
“And also to you, Archangel.” 
“I bring warning. Not all you see with your eyes is as it appears to be.”
“What meaning am I to take from this? That my eyes deceive me? 
“I refer to the death of the peasant.”
“I am vexed by this as well. Before the demon possessed the man, his soul was compromised.”
“And he is not the only one, warrior.”
“Speak plainly, Archangel,” Celestino urged. 
“Far too many souls are being dragged to Hell from this village. It has drawn the attention of the lower guardians that follow the souls from birth. Many have come to the Archangels with their concerns. We passed it to the Seraphim, who spoke it to the Highest. It was confirmed. Someone is stealing the souls before they die. It is the only explanation.”
“How can a soul be stolen before it dies? Would you not know if a soul was damned to Hell?”
“That is the pain of it, Celestino. Not even the humans know their souls have been compromised. They made no bargain with Satan or Lucifer, yet find themselves dragged down into the burning caverns of Hell...like Andres. His soul was doomed before the demon sprang to life inside him. Had he not been possessed, and you called upon to deliver his unclean spirit, he would have flown straight to the fire for lack of proper baptism.”
“What is my purpose in this?” 
“Have you not placed the pieces together warrior?”
Celestino thought aloud, “It is the baptism ritual.”
“There is that and some other evil at work in this place. What I must divine is unclear.” 
“Is it more than tainted ritual?”
“It is how the souls are taken that raises alarm. It is more than casual mistakes made by a few midwives. Someone, or something, is deliberately sending them to Hell. Secretly, for years. We must divine the cause and put an end to this atrocity.”
“Why can the Archangels not stop it? You have the ability to see what most do not.”
“There is an order to the celestial world, Celestino. Archangels fight only against the enemy of Heaven. We do not fight the wars of humans; it is beneath us. You may fight in the spirit world and in the realm of humans. This is why the task falls to you.”
“I will do all that I must,” Celestino promised.
“You will require the aid of your Maker in the discovery.”
Celestino hesitated. “Why my Iseo?”
“She is female. Only she can move amongst women without discovery.”
“Will she not be in danger?”
“Ask her if she is willing. She birthed a beast of God. She surely has the courage to do God’s will, no matter the task.”
The gargoyle deferred to the Archangel with bowed head, “I understand.”
“I am pleased you do.” The light dimmed and the quiet shadows returned. Celestino no longer felt the need to sleep. He lay down on his bed, staring up at the wooden beams of the ceiling. He knew Father Tomas must be informed. What the priest would do with this revelation, he did not know. 
*
Iseo made her way down the hall to Father Tomas’s chamber. The path had become familiar enough over the last two years. The cryptic note under her door left everything to question. “Come immediately after the morning meal to my chambers.” She racked her brain, trying to think of what could possibly be so urgent. Whatever it was, she was certain it had to involve Celestino in some way. When she reached the chamber door, it was ajar. She peered around the edge of it and saw Father Tomas and Celestino sitting in silence. Celestino looked up at her first.
“Come in, Iseo. Come in. And shut the door behind you,” Father Tomas whispered urgently.
“By the look on your faces, I fear I should turn around.” Then a stray thought touched off a firestorm of fear. “Has my father sent word for my return?”
“No. No, Iseo. It is not that at all,” Father Tomas consoled her. “But, it is a dire spiritual matter.”
More confused than before, she sat in the chair furthest from Celestino. “Por favor, tell me.” 
Celestino began, “When we gave assistance to the man, Andres, I found his soul in great jeopardy.”
“Because he was possessed?” Iseo asked.
“In part. The possession resulted because the state of his soul was already in peril.” Father Tomas said.
“I do not take your meaning.”
“My Iseo, many souls from Compostela are being taken to Hell whether possessed or not,” Celestino explained.
“You mean the unrepentant? I fear I am yet confused,” Iseo stammered.
“The souls of hundreds have been lost to Satan, because they do not know they are lost, until it is too late. Andres believed himself on Heaven’s path, until his possession took him to the brink of spiritual death. I smelled the rot of his soul, before my feet crossed the threshold.”
“How does someone not know Heaven is lost to them?” Iseo asked.
Father Tomas interrupted, “Because, they were not baptized correctly. Somehow the rite of baptism was corrupted.”
“Priests are trained in the ritual. How could it be tainted?” 
“Think closely, my Iseo. If someone were not baptized by the true rite, they would be ignorant of it their entire life. Only at Hell’s Gate, would they realize the stain on their soul. And then, it is too late. As it almost was for Andres. His first sacrament was tainted, and all the others that followed bore the stain as well. We only discovered this because of the demon. Think, my Iseo, how many more will go to Hell because they are not possessed and our aide requested? How would we discover them? Divine which souls are the walking damned?” Celestino urged.
“What does this have to do with me? Why summon me? I am only a Maker.”
“And a woman,” Father Tomas stated the obvious. Iseo caught a glimpse, in the corner of her eye, of Celestino flinching at the comment.
“What expectation do you have of a woman in these grave matters?”
“It is why I have called you here...you must apprentice as a midwife. Listen to the women. Seek the midwife who is doing this. How she is doing it. Why she is doing it. Only then, can we eradicate the evil.”
“You want me to become a midwife?” Iseo exclaimed in disbelief. “I have borne no children. I have no training in midwifery.”
“But you are a woman, and the only one in this room we can send.”
“Why not re-baptize everyone?”
“And what explanation would we give? That someone has been compromising souls, but we know not who, why, or for how long? That would encourage scandal and uprising. We would have to explain how we came by this knowledge in the first place. It is not like the dead come back and speak plainly to us. By rights, we should have no knowledge of this crime.” 
“True. It would be impossible to explain a gargoyle revealed this spiritual weakness when human eyes were blind to it. Are you certain of all this?” Iseo asked Celestino.
“Sí, my Iseo. The Archangel confirmed it to me last night.”
“You spoke with an Archangel?” Iseo’s eyes grew large. 
“Is that so hard to believe, my Iseo? You created me. Some might find that as incredulous.” 
Iseo slumped in her chair. Midwifery? Sweet Mary and Jesus! She closed her eyes against it. “I will do it, though it frightens me.” 
“You will have to live amongst the villagers for a brief time,” Father Tomas explained. “It is best that you make very little conversation about your life here.”
“Why so, Father?” Iseo felt uneasy about his suggestion.
“You are kept here for your own protection, Iseo. Satan and his followers will seek to destroy the Maker, just as they seek to destroy what you create. Any warrior on God’s side is fair game,” Father Tomas informed her. Iseo had never thought about being under personal attack by the evil ones. She knew temptation and sin were the natural burdens everyone must reconcile, but never had she imagined that Satan would send a demon soldier after her. 
“When will I have to go?” she asked.
Father Tomas answered before she even finished speaking the words, “At first light. On the morrow.”
“What about Celestino? Who will look after him?”
“Tonight, I begin my seven days of stone. You have no cause to worry, my Iseo.”
She had forgotten this fact. It both relieved and saddened her. Mostly, it surprised her how much Celestino meant to her daily routine. 
 
Chapter 15
Lost to Love
“This makes two days in a row you summon me to your chamber,” Iseo remarked.
“There is much work to be done between the three of us,” Father Tomas said.
“I have packed a small chest with clothing, as plain as I have. I did not know what else to take. I do not even know where you are sending me.”
“I have arranged for you to stay with the widow of Andres. She will be needing the company, I expect. She may provide a place to start inquiring.”
“When do I leave?” 
“Momentarily.”
“I must say goodbye to Celestino. I...I have not seen him since...since…,” she stumbled for her reason.
“Since he once again became stone,” Father Tomas finished her thought. 
“Sí. I wish to see him before I go.”
“Iseo...you must go where you are needed. And you must curb your desire.”
She felt the stinging truth of the words. Her natural defense was to question. “What mark are you bent on making, Father?”
“I speak of the bond you have with your creation and he with you.”
“You speak as if it is wrong to care for what I have brought forth into the world. It is my duty to ensure he manages his way.”
“I speak not concerning his manners among men. It is best you are away while he enters this time of stone to pay his price.”
“Entonces, what harm is there? If he has taken to stone.”
“Even I do not know what a gargoyle experiences while transformed to stone. It is best you do not distract him from his duty. Whatever that may be.”
“But—” Iseo argued.
“There is nothing further to discuss. Do you not understand, Iseo?”
“If your words have further purpose, then speak them plainly.”
“You are bound to him as his Maker. He can feel your true heart. You cannot hide from him. It is his nature to know the human heart. It is how he can reach inside a soul, clutch the demon, and not bring harm to the possessed.”
“Why did you keep this from me, when you taught me the mystery of the livingstone?”
“I did not think it would matter.”
“It matters. A great deal! You have bound to me to something that I should not be feeling. You have bound me to a sin.”
“Makers have always been men. You were...unexpected.”
“What am I to do now?” 
“How so now?
“I love him, Father. I love him with all my heart and soul. He knows it. He knows.” Iseo wept into her hands. Hopelessness filled her. She would have to live with this forever. 
“You must ask the Lord to deliver you of these feelings. You will destroy him if you do not.”
“How will I destroy him?”
“Because, he returns your love, Iseo.”
“Are you certain?”
“He has described his pain to me. I know it for what it is. I, too, loved once. There is only one chance to save you both. If you are delivered from this love, his love will diminish as well. Do you not understand? The greater your love for him, the deeper you pull him to his own destruction. You are human. Weak. You will give in to love. It is the nature of us to do so. Fight it, Iseo, pray for deliverance. If you give in to loving him, he will follow you.”
“May the Lord help us both, for I am already lost. I am lost, Father.”
“Pray child. Ask so that it may be given you. For now, it is best you think only of the task at hand. Help him save the souls of our town.”
“Sí, Father. I will do my best.”
“Your escort awaits.” He kissed the top of her head. “Peace be with you.” Iseo dried her eyes and straightened her shoulders. She would focus on the task at hand. Celestino’s mission depended on her. She would not fail him. 
As soon as Iseo walked out the door, Father Tomas went to his desk and took out a sheet of parchment, opened his ink well, and picked up a sharp-tipped quill. He drafted a letter to Iseo’s father, telling him it was time to retrieve his daughter from the church’s keeping. He wrote that marriage and family were God’s calling for her, and that whatever his fatherly conviction was regarding his daughter, it was time to see it through.
Father Tomas could not risk her remaining in close proximity to Celestino. It was dangerous for them both. He did not tell her that gargoyles are forbidden from loving because it weakens them. Gargoyle’s hearts are powerful instruments meant for exorcism. Father Tomas knew that she would be helpless to resist his pull. Celestino would not be able to resist her innocent affection. He did not tell her she had already become a target of the underworld. The Lord of Hell desired all gargoyles for his own army, because he was incapable of creating anything. Satan and Lucifer recruited, lured, turned good to evil purpose, wherever they could, but they could not create life. God alone commanded that domain. 

Chapter 16
The Midwife’s Stone
“What purpose do you have to apprentice as a midwife?” Madia asked Iseo. 
“Until my father requires me, I hope to become useful among women in the village,” Iseo answered. 
“How long have you been at Compostela? I have not seen you about before now.”
“Two years this Christmas Eve.”
“Your father sent you rather late into the care of the church. That is odd, is it not? Unless there was another reason…,” the widow mused aloud, more to herself than to Iseo.
Iseo took the meaning perfectly. “My reputation was intact, señora. My father sent me to live with the nuns after my mother died. He intended to take no other wife. His grief was deep, he said. He deemed it wise to keep his only child protected...and unspoiled.”
“He was a wise man, keeping your best interests close to heart.”
“I do not think it was so much for my benefit. Rather for his.” 
Madia understood the apprehension behind Iseo’s thoughts. Marriage was an eternal bond the female had no control over, always at the mercy of her father’s choices. “Do not let your fear of marriage cloud your thinking. Men blame women for being sinful creatures, but in all my years on this earth, it is not the women begging for lustful ventures.”
“I am thankful I have been spared that experience,” Iseo said. 
Madia smiled and patted the young woman’s arm. “For now. You will not be long at Compostela once your father lays eyes on you again.”
“What do you mean?” The woman’s words alarmed her. It flashed in her mind for the first time that she could truly be separated from Celestino forever. 
“My child, is there no polished glass at Compostela? No clear window to catch your reflection? One look at you and your father will realize what an asset you are. You will not be unmarried for long, if I had to wager on it.” 
“I find little comfort in that,” Iseo quipped. What she wanted to say was, I do not want to marry anyone if I cannot have Celestino. But that would never be an option, so it was best to push the very inkling of the idea as deep as she could, bury it into the deepest recesses of her mind.
“Someday, child, you will not be so adamant about being alone. But, for now, let the lusts of men upon other women be your concern.” Madia stood up from the stool she sat on and motioned for Iseo to follow her. The main room was no wider than ten steps, so Iseo crossed the space in two blinks of her eyes. The elder woman opened a small door. “It is not much space, but it will serve your purpose presently. Privacy is a luxury on this end of town.” 
Iseo ducked slightly to enter the small chamber. There was a small cot with hand woven coverlets, a small hearth, and a tiny slip of light serving as the only window. She had not truly appreciated her accommodations at Compostela until this very moment. “I am grateful for your hospitality on my behalf. I know Father Antony’s request was rather sudden.” She set her trunk along the wall opposite her bed.
“I am sure you will earn your keep.”
“When will I begin my apprenticeship?”
Madia laughed at Iseo’s innocent question. “When some poor child comes knocking at the door hollering for a midwife for their mother or sister.”
“When will that happen?”
“There is always a child coming into the world,” she huffed, and put her hands on her hips. “Men’s desires keep midwives busy.” 
Iseo settled into her small chamber. Pulling her overdress off, she crawled into her cot. The blankets were soft and heavy. She noted that Madia was a skilled weaver. A down-stuffed pillow felt like heaven. She felt exhausted, and soon her eyes grew heavy and the swim of sleep washed over her body. 
A loud crash startled her. “Iseo!” She blinked but everything remained blurry. “Iseo! Get up!” Sitting bolt upright, she recognized Madia’s voice. Hearing the urgency it dawned on her...a child must be coming! She threw her legs over the side of her cot so fast the room swam for a moment.
“I am up, mi señora!” she answered. 
“Get dressed quickly. The mother is young and thin as a rail,” Madia explained. “She will suffer more than most.”
When Iseo entered the kitchen, Madia was already waiting at the door with a basket on her hip. “Hurry mija. We have no time to waste.” Together, they walked quickly in the cold darkness of early morning. Iseo’s ears ached from the cold and her chest burned from their pace. Stumbling on a small rock, Iseo landed hard on her knee. Madia turned around. “Keep up. I have no use for a lame helper.” Her tone reminded Iseo of Father Antony. At this moment, she missed the warmth of the kitchen. She wrapped her arms around her waist and pushed forward. 
It seemed an eternity before they arrived at a small cottage where a few men sat outside drinking in front of a small fire. They all nodded their heads. “She is in there with her sister,” one man said.
“Are you the father?” Madia asked the youngest man. He looked barely old enough to grow a beard, let alone father a child. 
“I am,” he answered proudly.
“Entonces, say a prayer or two for your wife while you fill your belly with ale,” the midwife directed. “She will need them.” Iseo could see the young father’s eyes grow large with the warning. 
Inside, the kitchen had been transformed into a lying-in room. It was the largest room, and the only room with a hearth to heat water and keep the chill from the air. A bed had been moved to the center of the room, the floor was swept clean and fresh rushes had already been spread across the floor. A stack of clean linen sat in a basket just waiting to be used as swaddling cloth for the newborn and to clean and care for the mother. 
A woman with long dark hair pulled up messily behind her head, with a few wispy tendrils escaping the fasteners, turned to greet them. “Gracías, Madia, for coming so quickly. You know the concern.” She nodded to the young woman lying in the bed, who seemed to be sleeping. 
Madia took the side of the bed opposite the dark haired woman and sat on the edge. She gently stroked the young woman’s face. “How long has she been laboring?”
“Most of the day. She refused to lie and rest, hoping the work would bring the babe quicker.”
“Luisa, it is Madia. Can you hear me, mija?”
Luisa opened her eyes and smiled weakly. “I am glad you are here. I am so tired.”
“I am going to feel for the child. It will be uncomfortable, but you are strong enough to bear it,” Madia reassured her. The midwife pulled the coverlet down and Iseo’s gaze fell on the large mound of belly beneath the thin veil of a night dress. She had never seen a pregnant woman’s bare stomach before. The sight frightened and fascinated her. It suddenly pressed on her how enormous the responsibility was to help a woman bring a child into the world. 
Madia laid her hands on Luisa’s stomach, pressing and moving her belly like she was kneading bread at the table. Madia nodded, but said nothing. She stood up and reached for her basket. She drew out a sun-bleached apron and pulled it over her head. “Iseo, fill that basin with warm water.” Iseo did as she was told while Madia washed her hands vigorously, then wiped them on her fresh apron. She sat back on the edge of the bed, this time closer to Luisa’s feet. “Luisa, I need to feel for the child’s head. Iseo, hold her leg down. Sofia, you hold the other. I do not want a kick in the head.” 
During the procedure, Luisa cried out in pain. The room became stifling hot, and Iseo wiped sweat from her brow with the crook of her elbow. Iseo’s knees buckled and she swayed against the bed. Closing her eyes, she steadied herself. She thought of her conversation with Celestino about procreation. No, I definitely have no desire to procreate. Luisa’s babe had not yet arrived, and already the experience of childbirth made her feel faint. 
When Madia finished examining the mother, she washed her hands in the basin again. “Iseo, empty the water and refill the basin with fresh, hot water.” Again, Iseo obeyed. 
“Well?” asked Sofia. “Has the babe turned? Are the feet yet beneath the babe?”
Madia’s serious face answered the question. “The babe is making its way feet first...with one little foot already stepping into the world.”
Sofia’s eyes filled with tears. “Are you certain?”
“There is no doubt,” Madia announced. 
“Dear, sweet, Blessed Mother. Shall we call a priest?” 
“For what purpose?” Madia asked. 
“What is wrong?!” Luisa cried. “Is it the babe? Holy Mother, I have to push it out!”
“No! Do not push until I tell you.” Madia patted Luisa’s hand reassuringly. “I have no intention of losing this child. It is breech, and I must turn it around. If you push now, you will kill it...and possibly yourself.”
Luisa’s eyes grew as round as two full moons. “Will it hurt?” she sobbed. 
“Not as much as the hurt of losing the babe. Luisa, you need to be strong to bear the pain. There is no other way to save you both.” Iseo admired the way Madia spoke to the young woman. “I must push the babe’s foot back inside the womb, and turn it around so he can enter the world head first.”
Luisa began sobbing, “I have to push!” Then screaming, “Help me! I cannot stop it!”
Madia commanded, “Get my vile of flaxseed oil, Iseo! Now!”
Iseo flew to the basket. She pulled linens out and found the vials at the bottom. “Which one? Which one?!” Iseo asked.  Luisa screamed again. Sofia tried to comfort her younger sister with a cool cloth against her forehead. Luisa grabbed Sofia’s arm and squeezed with all her might.
“The one with the blue ribbon!” Madia answered. “Hurry up!” Iseo fumbled through the contents and found it. She rushed to hand it over to the midwife. 
Madia opened it and poured a generous amount into her palm, rubbing it all around her hand and over her wrist. She then began the task of pushing the babe against the womb’s tide. 
“No! No! No!” Luisa screamed at Madia. “It is too late. I can feel the babe coming! Do not touch me!”
“If I do not put that babe back to begin anew, you will both die!” Madia hollered at the hysterical, laboring Luisa. 
Luisa’s cries alternated between sobs and screams, as Madia worked carefully to shift the unborn child into a safe position. Iseo stood ready to take any further commands, while Sofia whispered encouraging words into Luisa’s ear. Luisa panted for breath. Sweat drenched her body. Finally, Madia announced success, “Luisa, my dear, when you feel the need to push this babe to the light, push hard. Push with all your might.” The midwife turned to Iseo. “Get the rose oil from my things. It has a black ribbon. Rub the oil into Luisa’s thighs to help encourage the birth, and ease her pain. Sofia, is there vinegar in this house?”
“Sí. Sí, there is,” she answered quickly.
“Bueno, fetch it. Pour a small measure into a cup and mix with the sugar I brought. Make her drink it. Fetch also the sard stone.” Sofia brought the concoction to Luisa and held the cup to her lips. Iseo watched as Madia held the reddish stone over Luisa’s stomach and chanted what sounded like prayer in a foreign tongue.
“Just a small sip. We want to ease her suffering, not cause her stomach to lose its contents,” Madia warned. Within moments, the young mother calmed and focused on bringing the child into the light. “That is it, mija. Breath and push this child out.” Luisa inhaled deeply and pushed until her limbs shook. Iseo watched in awe as the child’s head appeared. “Come on push this child out, Luisa!” Urgency speared through Madia’s words. 
“I cannot. I am so tired,” Luisa said, as she let her head fall back onto the pillow. “So tired.”
“Your task is not complete, mija, you must push again. Unless you wish me to reach and pull the babe myself,” Madia threatened.
“No! No,” Luisa cried. “I will push...I will...I will.”
Sofia encouraged her younger sister, “Come, sweet little sister. You can bring this babe to light quickly. Do as the midwife suggests. Push! Push!” Luisa sat up, inhaled, and bore down as hard as she could. A single scream escaped her lips, just as the child slithered into the waiting hands of Madia. Luisa fell back onto the birthing bed, utterly exhausted. The babe was an awful shade of blue. Iseo watched as Madia quickly cleared the mouth of the newborn.
“Why is there no crying?” Sofia asked. She stepped around the bed and caught a glimpse of the child and gasped. “Holy Mother of Jesus!”
“What is wrong?” Luisa panicked. “What is wrong with my child?”
Madia held the child upside down and rubbed its back and chest so vigorously Iseo thought she might injure it. Iseo sent up a silent prayer, Sweet Mother, por favor save this child! Por favor. And as if God had answered her prayer specifically, the child squalled. Iseo’s eyes welled with thankful tears and she smiled. Madia then used a sharp knife to cut the lifecord yet tethering mother to child. She handed the severed piece of slippery rope to her apprentice. “Throw this in the fire.” Iseo did as requested. The umbilical cord spat and sizzled and shriveled in the cleansing flames. Then, Madia tied a thin string around the section of life cord that remained protruding from the newborn’s belly and handed the child to her new apprentice. “Never cut the cord too short. Wash him off.” 
Iseo took the child in her arms...he was so tiny and noisy. And covered in sangre and birth. She carefully cradled him in the crook of her arm as she lowered his legs into the basin of warm water. He stopped crying momentarily. She took a corner of a towel and dipped it in the water and began washing the babe clean. Iseo thought how different this birth was compared to the birth of a gargoyle. And yet, both were truly miracles. When the babe was cleansed, she wrapped him in a clean, sun-bleached blanket and presented him to his mother. 
“Gracías,” Luisa said, as she kissed her son on the head. “I have been waiting to see you, little one.” Iseo marveled at how the hours of suffering melted from the room right before her eyes. 
Madia finished cleaning up the afterbirth and attending to the new mother. “Perhaps it is prudent to baptize the child now. He struggled into the world. Let us make certain he travels safely to Heaven, if something should go ill.”
“Sí. Sí. By all means,” Luisa agreed. 
Iseo riveted her attention on the midwife. Her heart pounded. Warnings clanged in her head. It cannot be Madia...She stood horrified. Madia pulled a bottle of clear liquid from her basket. “Holy water, blessed at Compostela,” the midwife said. She handed Luisa a stone. “Hold this piece of jasper over the child. It will ward off evil.” Then, she anointed the child with the water, intoned God, the Son and Holy Spirit. Iseo watched as the happy young mother held her child and prayed that Celestino and Father Tomas were wrong about the midwives’ stones.
*
Pale dawn greeted the Fathers of Compostela, as they moved around the grounds, all headed for early Morning Prayer. Father Avriel walked among a small group across the church yard. As they headed to the entrance of the south transept wing, Father Avriel caught sight of Father Antony weaving quickly around a set of small shrubs. 
“Excuse me, Brothers,” Father Avriel said. They nodded acknowledgement and continued without their newest member. Father Avriel turned to follow the object of his curiosity. Ahead, a door leading into the back of the kitchen closed. Once inside, Father Avriel heard voices whispering. He turned a corner to see the long hem of a dark cloak slide away. 
“What is so important that you must leave before Morning Prayer?” Father Avriel asked. The elder priest spun so quickly, he spilled the contents of the little leather pouch he had in his hands. Father Antony gasped as the gold coins wheeled across the floor. “Ah. Gold,” Father Avriel said.
Father Antony bent awkwardly to scoop the coins back into the pouch. “You do not know what you are talking about.” 
Father Avriel stepped onto one of the coins just as Father Antony reached for it. “I believe I do.” 
“Remove your foot from my coin.”
“Your coin? Do you not mean the church’s, or at least God’s coin?”
Father Antony looked up at his tormentor and narrowed his eyes. “I mean mine. And if I have to tip you on end to get that gold piece, I will.”
Father Avriel lifted his foot, freeing the gold. “Brother, I believe you owe explanation for your behavior.”
“I owe no one an explanation.”
“A confession if you will.”
“Confession?! For what?”
“Whatever secret you are...keeping secret.”
“I keep no secrets!”
“The gold?”
“That is no secret. You startled me. That is all.”
“You have yet to spill the truth.”
“It is my business.”
“I am my Brother’s keeper.”
Father Antony scraped the last few coins into the pouch and stood up to face Father Avriel. “You are not my keeper, Brother!” Then, he stuffed the little pouch into his belt. “Get out of my way.”
“I am afraid that is not possible.”
Father Antony gave a great heave at the priest blocking his exit, and the man did not budge. He shoved him again, and yet there was not the slightest tremor of movement. “What?” he exclaimed in frustration. He shoved Father Avriel again. “Muévete! You are made of rock!
“No, that would be someone else.”
“What?! Tonto! You fool!” He spun and clumsily tried for the door across the room. When he reached it, Father Avriel was already waiting for him. “How?!” He shook his head in disbelief. “What is going on? What devilry is this?”
“I assure you, Father Antony, the only devilry in this kitchen stems from your hand. Tell me, who was leaving the kitchen, when I entered?” Father Avriel pressed his query.
Father Antony ceased stammering. His eyes grew large. “What are you talking about?” The question lingered in the air. “I was the only one here.”
“No. No you were not. I saw the tail of his cloak as he turned the corner. Is he the one who gave you the coin?” Father Avriel stepped closer to the other priest; close enough to cause sweat to bead on Father Antony’s forehead. He stepped in closer still. “Answer my questions, or…,” he let the silence linger. 
“Or...or what?” Father Antony’s body trembled involuntarily with fear. 
“You will take no pleasure in the alternative,” Father Avriel threatened with a smile so brilliant it forced Father Antony to close his eyes. 
“Why? Why do you have to know? Why can you not leave an old priest alone?” 
“It is my business to remind you, my Brother, that you are a priest and bound by vows to live a righteous life. These gold coins reek of avarice and evil.” He reached out and put a firm hand around Father Antony’s neck. “Tell me the purpose of the coin, or I will ring the truth through your throat.” 
Father Antony squeaked, “For land. A wife.” Father Avriel tightened his grip. “I want to be free of this place.” At that, Father Avriel eased his hold and set the priest down. Not until his feet touched the floor, did the old priest realize he was being held above the tile. He rubbed his neck. He could feel the rib of welts rising around his fat neck. “I will be black and blue with no way to explain,” he huffed.
“You must tell me what you do for these Judas pieces.”
“It is nothing so heinous as you might think. I simply give the midwives pieces of jasper to ease the suffering of the women folk during childbirth. There is no harm in that.” 
Father Avriel judged no malice from the old priest. “Who is the shadow providing you with coin?” 
“I do not know. I have never seen his face.”
“You must cease doing this stranger’s bidding at once. Serving your own lust for riches stains all your Brothers.”
“I am afraid of him. Afraid to stop.”
“You should fear me more, Brother. For if you do not stop, your life, as you know it will cease.”
“Por favor, let me keep the gold. I...I will not take anymore. I swear it,” Father Antony begged.
“You truly are a fool. Hand the gold over to the Monsignor. Explain the error of your ways. Accept your punishment.” 
Father Antony hung his head in defeat and acquiescence. His desire for a different life drained with the color from his face. “I will see the Monsignor this afternoon.”
“Bueno. See that you do. You have food to prepare and I have somewhere else to be presently.” He immediately headed for Father Tomas’s chamber. This information was vital to piecing together the reason and source of all the lost souls from Compostela flying through the Gates of Hell.
*
As Iseo packed the last of her things into the small chest, she thought about Celestino. Each day without him passed as an eternity. The pain of missing him made her realize Father Tomas was right. She loved Celestino and it was a hopeless situation. Love should bring joy, not defilement of a being, soul or no soul. Loving him was sinful. She had no idea how to reconcile what she knew to be the truth in her heart, because the truth only tore it asunder. 
She was grateful the week was over and she was returning to the cathedral. She had assisted in over a dozen births side by side with Madia. Iseo believed she had uncovered as much as she could about the town’s midwives. She would take that knowledge straight to Father Tomas and let him sort through it. And, if she acknowledged complete honesty of emotion, the thought of seeing her Celestino again made returning to Compostela that much more desirable. 
Iseo entered the little kitchen where Madia stood at the hearth stirring a pot of fish stew. “Are you certain you wish to leave so soon?” Madia asked.
“I must return. Father Tomas has requested me,” she said, as she held out the letter that had arrived yesterday.
“Put that away, child. I cannot read.”
It never occurred to Iseo that someone with such obvious healing talents did not read. “I apologize. I meant no offense by—” 
 “You have no reason to misspeak,” Madia answered before Iseo could finish. “You held the most promise I have seen in a long goodly while. Most do not make it through the first year. Exhaustion they claim. Look at me! I am an old woman.” Madia tapped the wooden spoon on the black pot’s edge. She set the spoon on the table. “What are you waiting for? Come here!” She held her arms open for Iseo. It had been so long since anyone had embraced her with motherly affection that she melted into Madia’s strong arms and tears sprang unexpectedly. “Oh, mija, my daughter,” she said and stroked Iseo’s long dark hair. Iseo’s tears turned to sobs. Her shoulders heaved and shook.
“What burdens you, Iseo? Surely it is not leaving this humble house.” 
Iseo tried to answer, but her tongue refused to release the words. 
An intuition flashed in Madia’s mind. “What happened to your mother mija?” 
The question opened the flood gates and Iseo wept. She wept for all the heart-pain she never had opportunity to express, when her mother died. First, because her father forbade it. Secondly, she was kept too busy by the sisters, and then by her work on Celestino, to give much thought to how much she desperately missed her mother. 
“Mija. Lo siento,” Madia said. She kissed the top of Iseo’s head. 
Iseo finally choked out a response to Madia. “I have not thought of her in a long time. Gracías, Madia. I will miss you.”
“If you ever wish to return, you are always welcome here.” Madia gave Iseo one final squeeze and released her. The elder woman wiped her own tears on the back of her hand. “I never had any children who survived. If I ever would have had a daughter such as you, I would never have let her go.”
“She did not let me go, Madia. She died. God took her from me. And my father sent me away.” The ugly truth released itself. Iseo sighed as the burden lightened, leaving only bittersweet memories. 
“How did she die, mija?” Madia asked.
“If you had attended her, she would still be here, Madia. So, too my innocent brother. In a single day, my father lost his doting wife and son, the long awaited heir to his land and title. Their deaths left behind a skinny little girl whose worth was insignificant to him. But for me, on that day, I lost everything.”
Madia nodded. “Our destiny at times weaves a thin blanket for our comfort.”
“I believe so,” Iseo responded, thinking of Celestino. God took something precious from her and gave her something extraordinary in return. If her mother had survived, she would be married by now, and never would have been initiated into the secret world of God and gargoyles. “I will be fine, Madia.”
“Bueno.” 
A frantic knock at the door caught both their attention. “Madia! Are you en casa? The babe is coming. My mother is calling for you!” cried the young boy on the other side.
“You see? I must go about my business. And so should you,” the midwife said, as she started packing bottles of oil into her basket. “Before you go, swing the pot away from the fire. I do not wish it to be burnt to the bottom when I return.” With that parting sentiment, Madia slipped out the door. 
Iseo walked over to the hearth and stared into the flames, before finally moving the simmering stew off the main heat. She took a final visual sweep of the room and left Madia’s house.
*
Once back at Compostela, Iseo felt relieved. A young priest set her trunk down on the floor, as she directed, and dismissed himself to his chores. She walked to the window, which looked down onto the church’s central garden and the cloisters. A few of the Fathers were taking their daily exercise around the verge. Her thoughts drifted between her mother and Celestino. Is it possible that he returns my love? What if she had never died? What then? Maybe I should leave the church...leave Compostela forever...leave Celestino forever. She tried conjuring up an image of him in stone. It was not that long ago, when she spent many a long night chiseling and carving to set him free.
 A solid knock at the door drew her attention. “Mi señora? Father Tomas has sent for you.” 
“I will be there presently,” she answered. She went to her trunk and felt for the small bundle she stowed in the corner wrapped in a piece of cloth. She unfolded the corners, revealing two reddish-orange stones. She rolled them in the palm of her hand and wrapped them back up. “I hope these bring some answers,” she said aloud to the empty room. 
*
 “Not too long ago, we all sat here discussing the fate of uncertain souls. Let us hope we are close to an answer,” Father Tomas said, taking charge of the gathering. “What news from the midwives?” he asked Iseo.
“I am not certain if this brings light to the matter at hand.” She took the neatly wrapped bundle and placed it on the table. Father Tomas unwrapped the stones. 
“What are these?” he asked. 
“The orange colored one is sard. The brown one is jasper.”
Father Tomas looked confused by Iseo’s offering. “What do colorful stones have to do with midwives and souls?”
“Judging from my limited experience, perhaps much.”
“Go on,” Father Tomas encouraged her.
“The sard is used to cut the mother’s pain. The jasper is used during the baptism, if the birth was difficult and the child’s health may go suddenly ill. I saw Madia use a sard stone, and the jasper, on every occasion.”
“Did she properly baptize the children?” Father Tomas inquired.
“Sí. I believe so. Nothing sounded out of the ordinary.”
“Tell me about these stones,” Father Avriel asked. “I’m curious how they are used. Did she invoke God? Or some other source when using them?” 
Iseo blushed at the thought of explaining exactly how they were used. “The sard is held over the mother’s stomach during labor. Madia says a secret prayer. And the mother holds the jasper over the child when it is being baptized with holy water.”
“What secret prayer?”
“Whatever she intones, she says with a whisper. When I asked directly, she told me when I was no longer an apprentice, I would be taught the proper words.”
“Proper words?” Father Tomas looked horrified. He turned to Father Avriel. “Do you think this is magic or superstition?” 
“I believe it is not by God.” 
Father Tomas sat down hard in his chair. “Where would the midwives even get these stones? Or know how to use them? Could this be the reason souls are being lost to Hell?”
“The way to Hell need not be conspicuous,” Father Avriel offered. “Unclean by degree is a convention created by man himself.” He turned his attention to Iseo. “Tell me exactly why the jasper is used with the rite of baptism.”
“To ward off evil,” Iseo replied. 
“Where do the midwives get the holy water from?” the younger priest asked.
“Madia was very clear. It comes from Compostela,” Iseo answered. 
Father Avriel asked his superior, “Who dispenses the holy water to the midwives?”
“That would be Father Antony. Do you think he has anything to do with this?!” 
“Whatever is happening, it comes from within. That much is clear, and I mean to get to the root of the evil within these walls. And strike it down! Cut the head from the snake Satan and Lucifer have set upon us!” Father Avriel’s voice grew more menacing as he spoke. When he finished, he was looking into two sets of enormous eyes. Both Iseo and Father Tomas sat stunned by the brilliance of Father Avriel.
“Who are you?” Father Tomas asked. 
“All revelations have their appointed hour. Now is not the time,” he replied. “Excuse me. I am required elsewhere.” With that pronouncement, the priest left the chamber. 
“Where do you think he is going?” Iseo asked.
“I truly have no idea. But I am guessing he knows more than we do. Perhaps he is close to solving this mystery...still...there is something about him…,” Father Tomas lingered on his thoughts.
“He seems a bit arrogant to me.”

Chapter 17
Flesh and Revelation
Iseo waited until midnight to seek Celestino in his chamber. The glow from the flaming rush illuminated only a few steps in front of her feet. She thought it odd none of the wall sconces were lit. As she made her way through the stone corridors, into the secret passages. Rambling questions involuntarily raced through her mind. She wanted to know everything that happened to him while he served his price of stone. She acknowledged to herself that she was nervous about seeing him after her conversation with Father Tomas. Too quickly she stood at the threshold of Celestino’s door, her hand raised in hesitation. The door opened, as if on its own accord.
“I knew you were standing there,” Celestino said. “Por favor, enter.”
Iseo walked past him without saying anything, because she was afraid of blurting out everything she had been thinking on her way there. She stood in the center of the chamber in the dark and shivered. Celestino’s outline clearly visible in the moonlight filtering through the windows.  
“You are cold, my Iseo. Shall I make the fire?”
“If it makes you comfortable.”
“I am comfortable with or without it.”
She shivered again. “Perhaps, you should,” she laughed. “A draft has found its way in. It is colder in here than usual.” 
Celestino put wood in the small hearth opening and took the lit rush from Iseo’s hand, using it to kindle the fire. He blew on the delicate embers, until they crackled with bright orange flames. Turning to face Iseo, he could not help but notice how the fire’s glow, framing her in amber and gold, made her appear more beautiful than he remembered. 
“Do you recall our conversation?” he asked.
“Which one?” 
“In the woods, when I spoke of the pain inside my chest.”
Iseo felt the heat rushing up her neck. “Sí,” she choked out. “I do not think we should—”
“We should not what?”
“I think it is best if we just…let it…remain. As it is. We do not need to explain it to ourselves…speak about it.” Iseo crossed the room to stand in front of the fireplace. 
“I know what I am feeling,” Celestino said, as he lit the candles in his chamber. Iseo watched as he moved with his particular demi-mortal grace. Over the last few weeks, Iseo had observed him closely. All traces of the awkward newborn gargoyle had faded into slivers of memory. He was no longer innocent about life or his purpose, and somehow that afforded him an inner strength she was not privy to, except when he moved. Every step he took, every flick of his wrist was perfect. From every angle she observed him in, from every light she had seen him in, he remained flawless. She also sensed his increasing independence from her. 
“What do you feel?” Iseo asked. Her voice barely above a whisper.
“Love,” he paused without looking up, “and it is wrong.”
“There is nothing wrong with love, Celestino.”
“To be in love is wrong. I am in love with you.” 
She could feel his eyes on her now, as he moved close enough that she could almost feel each breath he took. She swallowed hard. Her throat threatened to tighten and choke her right there, choke her right to the floor. She coughed. Her breath came more rapidly. “You cannot be in love with me. You are confusing gratefulness and friendship with love.”
“I am not confused.” 
“It is impossible.”
“Yet, it is here,” he placed his hand on his chest, “and here.” He placed his other hand over her heart. 
“Por favor, do not love me. It is forbidden...for us both.” Iseo bent her head in shame and fear of what might happen if she dared look up into his gray eyes. A single tear burned her cheek and melted into the corner of her mouth. The saltiness of the single drop tasted like an ocean threatening to drown her where she stood. 
Celestino bent his head toward hers. His lips touched her ear and he whispered, “Do not cry, my Maker.” He kissed the edge of her ear softly through her hair. His warm breath sending a shiver through her body. “Are you yet cold?”
“No,” she whispered. 
His hands slid up her neck, his thumbs capturing her chin, tilting it upward. Still, Iseo refused to open her eyes and meet her creation’s gaze. He kissed her ear again, his lips softer than the weight of a butterfly. Tears welled up beneath her lashes, spilling unchecked. Each ragged breath choked her with shame and desire. His lips moved to her chin and he kissed her there. Then, he kissed a trail of her tears, until his lips kissed her above each eye. She dared to open her eyes and her lashes brushed against his perfectly beautiful chin. 
“Plea—” she tried to speak, but her voice caught in her throat. There was nothing else. Her lips parted to plead that he cease loving her, for him to cease his tenderness, but she knew he sensed her deepest, truest desire. His lips traveled slowly toward her mouth, tracing the line of her nose. Celestino’s mouth hovered above hers. Iseo found that now her eyes refused to shut. She knew a terrible thing was coming, and she was unable to pull her eyes from the wondrous horror. She did not want to miss a moment of this terrifying perfection, of his lips evoking the most exquisite torment yet to be discovered.
Celestino waited for her to reach toward him. It was a slight movement on her part, but it was all the permission he required. Without taking his eyes from hers, he allowed his mouth to descend. Gentle at first, he tasted wine and honey on her lips. “You are the nectar of God and earth.” Iseo felt each word as his lips brushed against hers as he spoke. 
He closed his eyes and took her kiss with more urgency. His arms wrapped around her, pulling her against him. Reluctantly, he released her. “I am not meant for God’s Heaven. My Heaven is here,” Celestino said. Iseo rested her cheek against his chest.
“What are we going to do?”
“I have no answer, my Maker.”
“Neither do I. We are from two different worlds...mi amor,” she returned his truth, spearing them both through the heart. 
“No greater wound could I bear than this,” he said. “All rivers lead to my Iseo. You are my ocean.”
Iseo noticed a drop of sangre on her sleeve. “Where?” She looked up to see sangre pooling in Celestino’s eyes. “Your eyes. They are bleeding.” She reached for the handkerchief stuffed in her sleeve. 
“They are not bleeding. Gargoyles weep sangre as a reminder of their duty to the Son of God, who wept   sangre in the Garden of Gethsemane.” He pushed her hand away. “Do not wipe them away out of pity or shame.” 
“I do not want you to ruin your clothes,” she replied, “or mine.” She indicated toward the soiled sleeve of her dress. 
He smiled. “I see.”
The tension lessened. The familiar comfort between them crept reluctantly back into place. 
“This shall never happen again,” Iseo stated, twisting the stained handkerchief in her hands.
“Do you refer to the kiss or the tears, my Maker?”
“Both. I would not survive the reoccurrence of either,” she said. “I should go now, Celestino.”
“If you must.”
Iseo braved a glance at his red rimmed eyes. Somehow, the tears of sangre made his gray eyes that much more vibrant. She brushed quickly past him. She feared that if she did not break away at that very instant, she would never be able to break away again.   

Chapter 18
Lost Soul of a Child
Father Tomas accepted the audience of the parents of a little girl right after his morning meal. The boiled porridge settled heavily in his stomach. He accepted this early meeting, because the parents expressed a great deal of urgency. They believed evil spirits plagued their daughter. The husband and wife looked more tired and weary than their journey required. They sat down opposite the exorcist-priest to answer his questions, hoping that he could end their family’s suffering.
“What is your daughter’s name?” he asked the simple things first.
“Julia,” her father answered dutifully. 
“Was she baptized in the church?” 
“Sí, sí, she was baptized here in the small chapel.”
“In the small chapel. By a priest?” He thought for a moment and then asked, “Was she also baptized by a midwife?”
“Sí, sí. She was Father. Twice blessed,” her mother offered. “Why is this happening to her? She is just a child.”
“I do not have an answer just yet. But, tell me, what makes you believe your daughter, Julia, is possessed by demons.”
The husband spoke, “She speaks with strange words. She is not the right color. It is the devil’s work I see on mi hija. I know it.”
“The house is cold where she stays. Her hands are like frost. I keep the fire burning hot enough to make us as warm as summertime. But still, she is cold.”
“Tell me about the language you hear. Do you recognize it? Does it sound familiar?” Father Tomas probed for deeper truth. 
“I do not recognize it. No, it is unlike anything we have ever heard before.”
Staring out his window overlooking the lower cloister and garden, Father Tomas thought for a moment. He let his gaze wander up the tower opposite his official office. He knew that right now, Iseo was instructing Celestino. He had no idea where Father Avriel was, and it annoyed him that the apprenticing exorcist was conspicuously absent from the initial interview request for an exorcism. 
“Father?” the wife interrupted his musings and misgivings.
Father Tomas returned his attention to the couple in the room. “Sí. We will see your daughter.”
“Gracías! Gracías!” The husband took his wife’s hands in his and kissed them. “We will see our Julia returned to herself!” 
“We will arrive within the week. My assistant will accompany me. Can you make accommodation for us, or should we take shelter at a local inn?”
“Our home is humble. There is a small inn where you can stay. My brother runs the establishment. I will secure you a room.”
Father Tomas said, “We will need two rooms.” 
The parents left the chamber, buoyed by hope that the Church could drive the demon tormentor from their precious child. Father Tomas left to find Iseo and Celestino, and inform them of his decision. He knew where they would be.
When he reached Iseo’s chamber, he leaned his head close to the door. He heard muffled voices within, so he knocked firmly on the door. Iseo answered.
“Buenos dias Father!” Her smile was brighter than usual. He looked around her room before he entered. Nothing appeared out of the ordinary. There was no sense of the two of them rushing apart, no evidence of interrupted impropriety. In fact, Celestino sat at the table with an open book. Yet, he felt as if he were intruding on two lovers. “We are reading.” Celestino smiled. That is unusual, he thought. He never smiles. 
“The female’s selection, Tristan and Isolde,” Iseo added.
“I am glad you are making progress with reading, Celestino. Be mindful not to fall behind in your formal studies.”
“By all means, Father.” Celestino nodded. “What occasion spurs this visitation?”
“Intuitive as ever. We have received request for the rite of exorcism. I have accepted.”
“When do we leave?” Celestino asked. 
“We leave as soon as all can be readied,” Father Tomas said. “All of us.”
“All of us?” Iseo asked.
“Sí. We travel west to La Costa de La Muerte, the Coast of Death.”
“Where exactly are we going?” Iseo asked.
“To the place the Romans called Finis Terrae, the End of the Earth,” Father Tomas informed them. “Pack your things. We will be gone near a fortnight. We must return before Celestino’s required time of stone.”
Iseo turned to Celestino. “You will love the northwest lands. They are green and wonderful. Cold this time of year, but beautiful nonetheless.” 
“Bueno, it is settled then,” Father Tomas announced. He squeezed Celestino’s shoulder as he dismissed himself. “I have a few things to attend to. Father Avriel for one. Por favor, excuse me.” He thought it wise to take Iseo, in case her gender proved necessary.
After Father Tomas left, Iseo returned her full attention to her pupil. “Keep reading, Celestino. There is time yet to finish your studies and pack your belongings.”
“As you wish, my Iseo,” he replied, his smile revealing the perfection of his mouth again. Normally, Iseo would remind him not to smile so much. The only other person with such a faultless set of teeth was Father Avriel. She stopped mid-fold of a gown. How does he come by such pearly perfection? Iseo sighed, pushing the stray thought from her mind, and continued folding the garments into her small trunk. She had not traveled so much in all her time at Compostela as this last week. 
 
Chapter 19
Finis Terrae
The road connecting Santiago to Finis Terrae was composed of partially abandoned cobblestone sections of the ancient Roman road and rough uneven dirt-trodden paths. Pilgrims walked from the French Gallic region to Compostela and then on to the Camino de Estrellas to Finis Terrae. The late fall rains posed only a mild discomfort, but did not deter their daylight travel. Father Tomas chose the coastal route, hoping to avoid any early snow that might delay their arrival at the small fishing village tucked away along some inlet bay village on The Coast of Death. 
They traveled west to Noia, the town where legend held fast that a daughter of Noah founded the village after the Great Flood. The journey took them through the pilgrimage towns of Carnota and Cée. Sharp jagged cliffs lined the western ridge they traveled. Every morning, the sky opened gray and foreboding, burning into piercing blue by midday. The damp salty air was heavier and harder to breathe, than the arid climate of Santiago. The final leg of their journey to Finis Terrae loomed near as the vast panorama of the sea opened through the forest. 
The cold rain released the tangy smell of evergreens and the aromatic scent of wild sage and rosemary shrubs that grew with abandon between rocks and boulders along the road. As they neared the ancient Roman city, they passed through shadowy forests dense with ground ferns and heavy pines; leafless oaks and beech trees cluttered the landscape. A thin layer of fog crawled along the forest floor dampening sound. The misty air curled Iseo’s hair. 
In the carriage, Iseo felt the heat radiating from Celestino’s leg as it touched hers. Across from them, Father Tomas slept soundly despite the jostling of the carriage. Every once in a while, he snored lightly and shifted his weight. Iseo and Celestino became painfully aware of each other’s nearness. The silence between them spoke volumes of what they each dared not to speak.
“He will be well rested, when we arrive,” Iseo whispered to Celestino. 
Celestino leaned his head toward hers and answered, “Sí. He sleeps much.” He inhaled the smell of her hair. “You bathed with rose water.” It was a statement not a question. Iseo nodded her head. “It is a pleasant scent. It brings images of my ritual cleansing to mind.” 
Iseo allowed the images of the bathing ritual for his consecration to unfold. The outline of his shoulders, the way his wet hair slid through her fingers as she washed it, the feel of his skin beneath her hands, the way his chin had brushed against her as she leaned over him, the gentle consideration of her modesty...
“Stop,” she whispered desperately.
“Stop what?” Celestino whispered again in her ear.
Iseo would not divulge which memories his remark stirred within her, so she said, “Whispering in my ear.”
He pressed his lips just a little closer, “My apology, my Iseo.” Her stomach fluttered. She felt his thigh along the length of her own through her gown. She needed him to move away from her, but her heart wanted him to remain where he was. 
“It is fine,” she said. Iseo folded her hands in her lap. Celestino shifted toward the side of the carriage and the absence of his body heat sent a cold shiver up Iseo’s side. She pulled the wool blanket over her legs and up to her waist. “Perhaps, we should change the direction of our conversation?”
“You could tell me why the place we travel to is called the end of the world,” he suggested. “I am curious about the Romans. There is much reference to them in study.”
“The Romans. They were once the greatest power in the west. Their armies unparalleled since Alexander the Great. It was once believed that the men who marched under Rome’s golden eagle could not be defeated. They were almost unstoppable.”
“Where did they go? These Romans?”
“Dispersed across the western lands once held by Rome’s great eagle. Alaric, the Visigoth, overran the capital of Rome eight hundred years ago. After his rule, the other Germanic tribes followed. If Constantine had not moved the Empire to Byzantium when he did, all traces of Rome would have been wiped away by those barbarians. We might be pagans now, if not for Constantine. And Charlemagne.” Iseo shuddered at the thought. “If you want to know about the Romans, all you need do is look around. Every building of any sophistication is their doing. Aqueducts, cathedrals...even the better part of the road we travel.” 
“Why do they call it the end of the world?”
“Because the horizon stretches from the sea as far as the eye can see. The Romans believed the entrance to Hades, what we call Hell, lay just beyond the line of sea and sky. No one has ever seen or spoke of a land beyond that horizon.” 
“And why is it called the Coast of Death?”
“Because the souls of the dead travel it.”
“Do you believe this?”
“I do not know, Celestino,” Iseo yawned. The sway of the cramped carriage caused her eyes to grow drowsy. “If they do travel it, it would be to Hell. It is certainly not a path to Heaven.” She pointed upwards, and then snuggled into her corner. “I am going to try and sleep.” 
“Sí, my Iseo. Try.” Celestino remained awake and alert as the humans slept. He felt it was his responsibility to guard them both. In her sleep, Iseo’s weight shifted toward Celestino and her dream filled head tilted to rest on his shoulder. It inflamed his heart to have her touching him so intimately. He remained quiet and still, having no desire for her to awaken and take her sweet softness from his side. The more he fought loving her, the more impossible the struggle became. 
*
When the carriage finally stopped, purple and gray painted the twilight sky. God’s handful of sparse, early evening stars were scattered across the coming night canvas. The coachman opened the door and readied their baggage. Iseo rubbed the sleep from her eyes, as she heard Father Tomas and Celestino talking outside the carriage.
“We make for the house at first light. I pray we can catch this demon off guard.”
“Have the parents spoken of our coming?”
“No. I instructed them to go about their business, as if they never came to ask for our assistance.”
“If they have obeyed, then it will go easier for the girl.”
“I want your warning, if you sense anything out of the ordinary.”
“The birth rite.”
“Sí. Baptism. The sard and jasper stones circulating in Santiago must come from an ancient pagan source. Here is as good a place as any to discover them.”
Iseo interrupted the conversation, “Father, you should have awakened me.” 
“You were soundly resting. We saw no reason to disturb you just yet.”
“Except for I shall have no sleep this evening, for all the sleeping I did this day,” Iseo replied with a smile. Her stomach grumbled and tightened. “I am famished. I hope we have not missed the evening meal.”
The three entered the inn. It glowed warmly with firelight and burning torches set in sconces. The din of laughter and conversation hummed in the air. The innkeeper approached them. It would be difficult to overlook two men of the cloth. 
“You must be the priests from Compostela?”
“We are,” Father Tomas answered.
“Very good! I am Pedro. My brother told me you would be arriving within a day or two of his return. You are most welcome here.”
“Gracías. I trust we are not putting you out of good business with our accommodation?”
“No, no,” Pedro put his hands up and waved them back and forth. “No. You honor us. You have my personal gratitude for your assistance with my niece.” He leaned in closer to the men and spoke with conspiratorial tone, “She is truly beset by something evil. Her suffering is unbearable to behold. Once, she was a happy, joyful child. But, you would never know this from seeing her now.”
“We will do our best to heal your niece,” Father Tomas responded. “Would it be too much trouble to see us to our rooms? One for us and the other for my charge.” He pointed at Iseo.
“Not at all. Follow me.” He led them back to the cobbled street, around the corner of the inn, and up several wooden steps. He opened the door onto a thinly lit narrow hall. Iseo noticed the sea scallops carved into each door. Saint James is everywhere, she thought. “These are your rooms,” he indicated the doors, “the linens are clean. The beds are free of infestations by lice or fleas. You should sleep comfortably.” 
Iseo cringed at the thought of lice. Once, as a child, her father ordered her hair completely shaved to eliminate the tiny creatures from infesting their household quarters. He also forbade her from playing with the servants’ children, as he was certain the disgusting insects lived on the poor and filthy. Her mother had cried when the long locks of her dark hair were thrown into the fire to burn the infestation. It was one of the only times she remembered her mother crying. 
 The night passed quickly. Despite all her sleeping, Iseo was exhausted by the journey itself. When dawn broke through the window to light her room, she found a note slipped under her door. It was written with a bold hand…
We have gone about our work.
Do not worry.
†Celestino
*
Father Tomas and Celestino entered the small, dark room where the child, Julia, lay drenched in her own sweat. The obnoxious bitterness of sulfur infused with rancid human urine assaulted their nostrils and lungs. Father Tomas put his hand over his nose and mouth. 
“How long has the child been in this condition?” he asked. The state of human suffering under demonic possession never ceased to surprise him. 
“She refuses to let us near her. I cannot change her linens,” Julia’s mother answered. “Forgive me, Father, but I could not prepare her more than she already is.” 
“There is nothing to forgive,” Father Tomas assured the mother. “Demons have no care for the human being they possess.”
While they spoke, Celestino approached Julia. He grazed her forehead with the sign of the cross. Her eyes flew open.
“How dare you touch me, priest!” she screamed. “I have not given you permission to touch this flesh!” Father Tomas and the girl’s parents stopped talking. Julia’s father opened his mouth to speak, but the priest waved him to hold his tongue.
“And you were given permission to inhabit this innocent child?” Celestino asked calmly. 
“I need no permission,” the demon, speaking through the girl’s mouth, spat at Celestino.
“And I do not require your permission to make the sign of Christ upon her head. She is not completely in your world, unclean scourge.” 
Celestino’s calm manner unnerved the demon. It screamed at his logical response, “You will not take her from me!”
“You will not take her from her parents, or this world on my watch. What is your name?”
“I will not give it.”
“And I say you will.”
“So you proceed by the book?” The demon laughed hysterically. Julia’s body thrashed and flailed, before it sat up with a stiff, unnatural movement. “Do you think me stupid?” the demon taunted. 
Celestino stepped closer to the bed and leaned over the body of the little girl. He could feel the fever radiating from her. “In the name of Jesus Christ, I command you give up your name.”
“No, no. No! I do not think I will!” the demon’s stubbornness perplexed Celestino.
“By the book. As you wish it, scum of Satan,” Celestino responded, as he pressed his hand against the girl’s chest, forcing the demon into submission. Julia’s body fought against his strength to no avail. Celestino turned to Father Tomas and nodded. “I believe the next step is yours, Brother.”
Father Tomas reached his hand inside the neckline of his robe, pulling out the silver cross that hung from a chain around his neck. He crossed himself and kissed the cross, before plucking the vial of holy water, along with his purple sash, from inside his belt pouch. 
“Keep that away from me!” screamed the demon.
“Give me your name,” Father Tomas said, steadying his voice. The fight against the unclean could last for hours. The demon shook Julia’s head so fiercely that her mother, who had been silently observing, cried out in fear for her daughter. Julia’s mother buried her face in her husband’s shoulder to stifle the cry. “Take her from the room,” Father Tomas demanded. Celestino released the girl’s body from his pressing hold to usher the parents out.
 “No matter what you may hear, stay back.” The gleam in his eyes frightened both of them. “Do you have faith in God?” Celestino asked.
“Sí. Sí. Great faith.” They nodded their heads in affirmation.
“Entonces, pray for Julia’s strength to throw the demon from her soul. This is the hour your faith is tested,” he said, and shut the door. 
Father Tomas took a mouthful of holy water and spat it like a mist over the length of the child’s body, beginning the sacred rite. Julia’s skin reddened and blistered. She screamed with pain. The demon laughed as he clutched the child’s soul. Father Tomas and Celestino together spoke the initial prayer and psalm in unison. 
When the words were spoken, Father Tomas placed the silver cross on Julia’s forehead and commanded, “Give us your name.”
The demon hissed and flailed at his assailant. “I will never give her up! She is easy to control. She does not want me to go.”
“You are uninvited. I command you in the name of the Father, the Son, and the Holy Spirit to give me your name.” 
The demon began shouting in Julia’s voice, “Madre! Save me!” Immediately, her mother shrieked from beyond the door. “Madre! Madre!” 
Celestino stepped between the priest and the girl’s body, putting his hands on the demon host’s neck. Julia belched up a putrid dark vomit. “Your name!”
The demon bared his jagged black teeth through Julia’s mouth. Her skin became translucent enough to see her pulsing veins like the roots of a plant washed free of earth.
“Ballius,” the demon coughed out. It thrashed, twisted, and arched against its restraints. “Ballius!” it croaked.
Celestino commanded, “In the name of God, in the name of Jesus Christ, and in the name of the Holy Spirit. Leave this child, Ballius!”
“She does not wish it,” the demon squeaked his defiance.
Celestino bent his head close enough to whisper into the demon’s face, “I wish it. And God commands it through me.” The livingstone of his true flesh pulsed with fire. Tiny threads of gold flashed through his skin and his eyes sparkled with an inner light, confusing the demon. “You will leave this child and never return. For if you do, I will obliterate you from all existence.” Julia’s body went limp. A screech flew from the room, through the wall and into the distance. Father Tomas exhaled a sigh of relief.
Julia opened her eyes. “Where is mi mama?” Celestino made the sign of the cross on her forehead. She smiled, pointed to her chest, and whispered, “I am alone inside.” At that moment, a little brown sparrow flew through the window and landed on the table near the door. “Look, Fathers! A tiny bird!”
“That makes twice now,” Father Tomas smiled his relief.
“I do not follow your words,” Celestino said.
“First a butterfly, now a sparrow. God must be pleased with you to give you such obvious signs for your work on His behalf.”
*
When Celestino and Father Tomas returned to the inn, the latter looked obviously worn thin. Celestino emerged from the ordeal strengthened by the experience. To his very core, every fiber of his body resonated with his spiritual mission. His strength and stamina were beyond human capacity. The exorcism infused confidence and purpose into his troubled heart. 
Iseo marveled how human Celestino appeared as he and Father Tomas sat at the table where she waited for them. It was just past the midday meal, but Pedro brought them a hard bread trencher filled with cooked fish. He also brought a mazer full of white wine.
Celestino sat down across from Iseo. She smiled and nodded toward the wine. “Your favorite.”
“You jest as usual, my Iseo,” he said, smiling in return. Iseo thought she would unravel like a loose thread from a needle point. 
Celestino picked up a piece of the oddly shaped fish and examined it. “I have not eaten this strange legged fish before.” 
“It is not a fish. It is an octopus. A delicacy here along the coast.”
Celestino’s hunger needed no further encouragement and he bit a huge chunk of the octopus dressed in olive oil, chewing it ravenously.
“You may wish to drink the wine to help it go down,” Iseo suggested. He followed her advice and swallowed.
“It does not wish to be eaten, even for being a dead thing.” He took another bite and swig of wine. He and Father Tomas made good work on the meal, leaving nothing except a few crusts of hard bread.
“Pedro shall think we are gluttons,” Father Tomas murmured, a bit embarrassed by his appetite. “I must admit I was famished.”
“My stomach is content now. I am not embarrassed.” Celestino put his hand firmly on his belly.
Iseo said, “I knew from the beginning, eating would be a pleasure you would enjoy.”
Celestino caught her eyes in his and said, “Sí, it is certainly a pleasure of this earth. Some others, I think, I will never know.”
Iseo blushed deeply, quickly breaking free from his gaze. His brazen remark surely did not pass by Father Tomas. Celestino proceeded as if his commentary were nothing more than a passing comment about the food and wine. “I should like to walk the Monte Facho trail to the Roman lighthouse. We could be back before dark. I wish to see this end of the earth for myself.”
Father Tomas said, “I am far too exhausted and I have a few inquiries to make regarding any lore about the stones from this region. By all means, you should go. Take Iseo with you. You are still too new among us to go alone.”
“But, I—” Iseo began to protest.
“It is settled. Iseo will accompany me.” Celestino sat back with a smile that passed for smugness, if Iseo was not mistaken.
*
As the afternoon sun climbed the sky, Iseo and Celestino climbed the path to the world’s end. The sea breeze swept up to the sky swirling white clouds to thin wisps overhead. Tangy salt air filled their lungs. Celestino walked behind Iseo for her safety. They walked in silence for a long period of time. It was Celestino who broke the tension by reaching out to touch the curls of her hair as they escaped in wild directions from their fastenings.
“You wear your hair differently than at Compostela,” he remarked casually.
“Unruly is more accurate. I do not wear it this way on purpose. The sea air is damp. It makes my hair do as it wishes.”
“You are not pleased by this?” his half smile teased.
“No, I am not. But, there is nothing to do about it.”
“It is very beautiful like this,” Celestino said so softly the wind almost stole the words from Iseo’s ears. 
She turned around. “You should not say such things to me.”
“Why not?”
Iseo stood before him, not knowing what else to say except the truth. “Because I want to hear you say them, and it is wrong to want that.”
“It does not feel wrong to utter them in your presence, here, at the end of the earth. Continue, walking, my Iseo. Our destination has not been reached.”
She blinked disbelief from her eyes and turned around walking at a much quicker pace, as if she could out walk him. How dare he make such an inflammatory statement and then act as if it meant nothing! How could he learn arrogance so quickly? I wish...I wish...he were a man so I could scorn his compliments and...Iseo caught the lies she tried to tell herself. She knew Celestino possessed no guile, no flatterer’s tongue. He merely spoke what his heart felt, and that kind of honesty she should respect. That his words told her of his longing should engender sympathy...because she, too, longed for what could never be. And there was no joy in the knowledge that they would always be torn asunder by their place in the order of the world. Her footsteps slowed as her mind and heart softened. 
A few pilgrims walked passed them, up the trail flanked by sand dunes and sea grasses. One woman in a dark woolen dress stopped at a granite carving of Saint James hanging from a cross. Celestino stopped to examine the stone. He waited politely until the pilgrim finished her prayers, before he knelt down and traced the outline of the saint with his finger. The saint’s stone cold beneath his livingstone flesh.
“It is called a cruceiro,” Iseo told him before he could ask.
“Do you yet think of me as this? A stone?” 
“Sometimes, sí, but mostly I forget that you are not completely human,” she answered honestly.
Celestino picked up a colored rock that lay near the feet of the dangling saint. “I wish to remember this day with you.” He put the momento in his pocket. They continued up the uneven, rocky path. Iseo imagined all the pilgrims who had come to this very place from Compostela. This was the first time she had walked the final steps of the pilgrim’s journey to the precipice of Monte Facho. As they neared the end of the trail, the ocean vista opened up in all directions. The sky and the ocean had no ending. The late afternoon sun sat poised above the horizon.
“This is Finis Terrae,” Celestino said.
“Sí. There is no further point of earth beyond where we stand.”
“Do you think the Romans right? That somewhere out there exits the Gate of Hell?”
“I do not know,” Iseo answered, “I do not think we are supposed to know those kinds of things. It is probably a pagan influence we should ignore.”
“I do not sense evil in this place,” Celestino added.
“This is a holy place that much I do know. If the entrance to Hell is out there, it is far from us. Here, at the edge of the sea, is a place for the sacred.”
Celestino came up close behind her, close enough she could feel the tension between their bodies. Beneath them pilgrims built bonfires on the beach. They stripped their clothes and threw them in the flames before running, arms stretched, into the cold, welcoming waves. He leaned his head close to her ear and whispered, “Pilgrims have no modesty.” He then whispered down the side of her neck, “I am your pilgrim.” As she shivered, he stepped back and stood watching the sun as it prepared to tuck itself behind the line of ocean and sky. “We should be returning to the inn.” 
Iseo barely heard what he had said, as her knees still shook and her heart pounded loudly in her ears. For a man not versed in love or romance, Celestino struck every string of her heart. As they walked back, with the sun behind them, the grayness of evening shrouded them in their own world. Celestino reached for her hand. She let him take it, and for a precious brief moment, they walked as lovers under the twinkling stars at the end of the world.

Chapter 20
Return to Compostela
The journey back to Compostela stretched longer than the journey to Finis Terrae. Celestino made a concerted effort to avoid Iseo. He spoke little, and sat opposite her the entire way. When the familiar outline of the cathedral came into view, she felt a wave of relief. She wanted to run to her chamber and find the breath she could not find confined in the carriage. The silence, the perceived indifference, clarified in her mind the chasm between herself and Celestino. He was not human. He was not meant to love her, nor was she meant to love him. It was an impossible situation. When the carriage pulled to a stop, Celestino helped her with her trunk. 
“Thank you,” she said. “I can manage to my quarters.”
“As you wish, my Iseo.” She picked up her trunk and walked away.
“I believe we have arrived too late for supper. They are already lighting the lamps for Vespers.”
“That is unfortunate,” Celestino commented. “My stomach will not wait until morning.”
“I am sure father Antony will have something to tide you over until then.”
“Celestino?” Father Tomas asked.
“Sí, Father?” 
“Is there something wrong with Iseo?”
“That is a delicate question, Father. She is fine, and not fine.”
“I see,” Father Tomas sighed heavily.
“No, I do not think you do.”
“Sí, I think I know all too well. Do you believe me blind Celestino?”
Celestino looked at Father Tomas and saw compassion in his eyes, not the condemnation he expected. They did not converse further about Iseo. 
“After the morning prayers, come to my study. You, Father Avriel, and I must put an end to the soul thieving in Santiago.”
Celestino nodded agreement. They carried their belongings into the Brothers’ Frater Hall, each retreating to his private chamber. Father Tomas to decide the fate of Iseo and the stolen souls, and Celestino to sit in the dark, miserable without Iseo, forbidding himself from stealing away to her chamber to sleep. 
The bells of Compostela rang the Compline hour. Celestino rose from his chair in the dark, no longer hungry. His body felt a weary heaviness, and his chest ached with a dull hollowness. He decided to answer the call of the bells by going to the cathedral to spend the dark hours of his self imposed exile from Iseo. 
*
By the time morning lit the world anew, Celestino’s mood remained unchanged. Sitting against a stone column near the cathedral’s crossing only reminded him of Iseo. When he arrived at Father Tomas’s chamber, his mood was as dark as a raven’s wing. 
“Buenos dias, Celestino!” Father Tomas greeted him at the door.
Celestino mutely walked into the chamber and took a seat without prompting. 
“Are you well?”
“I am.”
“I am not your inquisitor, but I believe you are not yourself this morning.”
“I passed the night in the sanctuary.”
“The entire night?” Father Tomas asked incredulously.
Celestino nodded. He offered no explanation, left no opening for further questioning, and the dower look on his usually stoic face convinced Father Tomas to let well enough alone. He took the only plausible step, he changed the subject.
“Well, as soon as Father Avriel arrives we can perhaps put some pieces together and solve the mystery of the lost souls.” No sooner had he spoken Father Avriel’s name, than the man suddenly appeared. Father Tomas fumbled his cup of hot spiced wine. “I did not hear you enter.” 
“I apologize. I was informed we were to meet at this hour. Was I mistaken?”
“No, it is fine. You are exactly where you should be.”
Father Avriel proceeded directly to the point. “What did you discover in Finis Terrae?”
“I believe the stones the midwives are using come from that region. Pagan traditions run deep in that part of España. The ancient sun worshippers’ magic stones are common place,” Father Tomas answered.
“But what of the jasper and sard? These are the stones Iseo said were being used specifically, here, in Santiago.” It was at that moment Father Avriel realized Iseo’s absence. “Did you not include the woman this morning?”
“What?” Father Tomas was taken aback by the question. He had forgotten all about Iseo, and with good reason. He was not looking forward to their next meeting, especially after reading the letter that was waiting for him when they returned from Finis Terrae. “No. There is no need to burden her with this conversation. Her part in this in finished.” 
Father Avriel arched his eyebrow in surprise. Celestino’s sullenness did not pass unnoticed by him either. “The jasper and sard, Father?”
“Sí. I found both stones peddled in the market place. Trinkets for pilgrims, right next to the scallop shells of Saint James! The villagers say they are collected along the shoreline, tumbled smooth by sea and sand.” 
“Is this all the information you garnered? If the stones are common place, then they must bring no harm. There are no legions of souls flying across the sea to the Gates of Hell from Finis Terrae. The walking damned originate from Santiago.”
“I plucked these from the ground,” Celestino reached into his pocket, pulling out an orange polished stone.
“Why did you keep such a find from me?” Father Tomas asked indignantly.
“You did not ask. It was meant only as token.”
“A token of what?” Father Tomas asked angrily.
“May I examine it?” Father Avriel asked. Celestino handed him the stone. The priest traced the stone with his finger, turning it over and over in his hand. “Where did you find this? Tell me exactly.”
“In the sand along the trail’s edge of Monte Facho.”
“Did you search for it?”
“No. It was there in the sand.”
“Waiting for you...have you any idea what this stone is?” Father Avriel asked.
“Let me see that,” Father Tomas snapped, as he snatched the stone from the younger priest. He ran his fingers over the unfamiliar markings. It was different than the market stones he had collected. “Do you, Brother? Do you know what these strange markings are?”
“It has been ages since I have laid eyes upon one of these. If these are the stones Iseo saw the midwife using, then I have no doubt Santiago and your cathedral at Compostela are in grave danger.”
Father Tomas’s curiosity about Father Avriel’s knowledge pushed him to press for answers. “What do you know?”
“You must find the midwife and confiscate her stones. All of them.”
“Brother Avriel! You are frightening me. What do you know about these stones? These markings? If they are some pagan superstition, we can just inform the midwives and they will stop using them.”
“You do not understand, Brother Tomas. These are not pagan in origin. On the contrary, they are far more powerful than you can imagine.”
“What are they?!”
“They are the Tears of the Fallen.”
Father Tomas’s mouth opened in disbelief. “What? I have not read of any such thing in the Codex! How have you come by such knowledge and I have not? I have studied this subject for most of my life.” He pulled the Codex from the secret compartment and let it fall open on his table. “Tears of the Fallen?” He began frantically flipping pages, running his finger across line after line, looking for any reference to what Father Avriel revealed. 
“Brother!” Father Avriel’s voice shook the room. Father Tomas fell into his chair. “You will not find the reference you seek in your Codex, it is not there. Calm yourself.”
“But what of these stones?” Father Tomas asked.
“It is not the stones themselves. It is the markings they bear which imbue the curse. Do as I command. Find the midwife and confiscate the stones. All of them. A larger problem exists of which you are unaware, and I must attend to that myself.”
“We will do as you ask, Father,” Celestino said. 
*
Father Avriel found Father Antony and Iseo preparing trencher bread in the kitchen. Iseo looked up in surprise.  
“Father Avriel,” she said, as she pushed a stray hair from her eyes with her wrist, smudging flour across her forehead. He could see why Celestino was drawn to her. “What brings you to the kitchen?”
“I wish to speak to Father Antony,” he said. “Alone.” Iseo looked to her superior for permission.
Father Antony waved her out. “Go on. I am sure you can find some other chores to do.” Iseo needed no further encouragement to get out of the kitchen. She took her apron off, laid it on the edge of the wooden table, and practically ran from the building. 
“What do you want with me?” asked the cranky old priest.
“You know what I want...Brother.”
“I told you before I do not know anything.”
Father Avriel took a step closer to the other priest. “I need to know,” he said, as he stepped closer yet again, “who is giving you the gold and the stones?”
“The gold is none of your concern. Neither are the stones,” Father Antony said, pushing the baking slab loaded with fresh dough into the bread oven.
“Do you know what they are?” Father Avriel asked.
“Something to do with midwives’ folklore. What is the harm in that?”
“What of the summoning words? Where did you learn those?”
Father Antony put the large table between himself and Father Avriel. “I know not what you speak of.”
“I think you are lying,” the younger priest hissed. “About everything.”
Father Antony panicked. He yelped, “I do not have the answers you wish to hear! Leave me alone!” He tried to escape the kitchen inquisition by breaking for the door behind him. When he turned to push through it, Father Avriel stood in his way.
“Ah!” Father Antony fell back to the floor. “Leave me alone! Leave me alone!”
“I am afraid that is impossible, Brother. I know what you have done. And you will pay dearly for your part.” Father Avriel hoisted the fat priest by the hooded collar of his robe, yanking him clean off the ground with a single arm. A booming voice thundered throughout the stone kitchen, as the room grew dark, “CONFESS!”
“No! No! No!” Father Antony, his feet dangling above the floor, screamed as a brilliant light burnt his eyes blind.  
*
Night brought only restlessness for Celestino. Since returning from Finis Terrae, he and Iseo had barely seen one another. They had spoken less than a dozen words to each other, and those only in passing. Their unspoken agreement of avoidance and mutual silence ached in his chest. All the words he longed to say kept him from trespassing into her chamber. He lay on the bed, staring into swaying and twisting shadows on the ceiling. The candles wasted into wet puddles spilling onto the bedside table.  
Celestino forced his eyes closed, willing sleep to take him to a different place, a place where missing Iseo did not exist. As he eased into the first gentle layer of slumber, the tingling sensation of every hair standing on end made him open his eyes to catch the shadows shimmering silver with the Archangel’s light. 
“I expected you, Archangel,” Celestino said, rising from the bed.
“We must speak about the stones.” The Archangel’s presence filled the room with heat and luminous light emanating from his body like an aura in all directions. 
“Are they truly the Tears of the Fallen Angels?”
“Who told you this?” 
“Father Avriel,” Celestino answered. “The carvings disturbed him. What do they mean?”
“Each stone possesses a particular power called forth by sacred invocations.”
“What kind of power?” Celestino asked.
“When the disgraced angels fell to Earth, many realized they had been misled, betrayed by Lucifer’s shining promises. Many were ashamed. They wept and begged for forgiveness, but their pleas meant nothing to God.”
“Because, they had but a single chance to choose God.”
“Those who chose Lucifer rejected God, and He would not bend His Law for them. The order of Heaven does not allow redemption for any creature, save humans. In their grief, they wept until sangre mingled with their tears. God’s heart turned to stone against them, and their tears fell as stones upon the ground. The tears of angels, even Fallen angels, hold sacred power.”
“How did they come to be used as weapons against mankind?”
“The Fallen gathered up their tears and wandered for many years. As their resentment against mankind grew, they succumbed to the Dark Lord of Hell. It was he who instructed the Fallen in how to turn their pain into power to wield against their enemies. He taught them markings to carve into their tears and incantations to use as weapons against humans. Lucifer, whose position was greatest in Heaven, and whose hatred of humans ran deeper than any other angel, sought a way to annihilate the object of God’s affection, the source of his greatest pain. He achieved the most lethal power of all the Fallen. His dark power is Soul Casting.”  
“This is not in the Codex. Father Tomas has not taught me this history.”
“It is not contained in the Codex, because it is too dangerous. There is no counter for Soul Casting. It is a complete power. Its only weakness is that it can be used on one soul at a time.”
“And you believe the midwife is using a Soul Casting stone in the village.”
“There is no better way to send a multitude to Hell, than to damn their souls from the beginning. I believe Lucifer has flooded Santiago with his own tears. The soul casting stones.”
“The priests can perform proper baptism on those who were tainted by use of such a stone.”
“You do not understand. Baptism will not undo the curse. It is final. Only the one the tear belongs to can undo the Casting.”
“I do not think Lucifer will undo what has been done,” Celestino thought aloud. “How did the midwives come to possess these?”
“The treachery is near to you, Celestino. One of the Fathers peddles the sard and jasper for profit. Among the common stones were the Soul Casting stones, made from the Tears of Lucifer. The priest gave them to the midwives and the incantation to go with them.”
“Who is the traitor?”
“Father Antony.”
“How do you know this?”
“It is enough that I do.”
Celestino sat with the knowledge. “There is nothing that can be done? To save the souls who have been cursed?”
“No. It is a small victory for Lucifer and his Dark Lord. We must find the common stones and the Tears of Lucifer and destroy them, Celestino.”
Celestino nodded agreement.
“The midwife must be stopped, as they all must. Let no time be wasted. Instruct them all against the use of any superstitions over the unborn and their souls. They taint their baptisms and those using the Tears of Lucifer condemn the innocent straight to Hell. Begin with the woman called Madia.”
“What count of souls fly damned to Hell’s Gates, Archangel?” Celestino asked. He felt the power of his beast rising to serve his purpose.
“Thousands.”
“I will leave tonight. I will find Iseo, and she will take me to the midwife.”
The Archangel drew himself up to his full height, before he spoke, “You must beware the affection you bear for the female. She is an appealing, guileless creature...but she was meant for a different purpose. She is weak and will bind herself to you. And destroy you in doing so.” 
“I understand, Archangel. We will end this evil tonight,” Celestino said, even though the Archangel’s words stabbed at his heart. He placed his confusion aside to serve God’s purpose.
“Wake Father Avriel. Take him with you to the midwife.” With a flash of silver stars, the Archangel vanished, blowing out the few candles that lingered with flame. 
*
Celestino left the usual way to Iseo’s chamber. He knocked firmly. He heard Iseo stirring, then her soft footsteps to the door. “Who is it?” she whispered through the door.
“Celestino,” he answered quietly. He heard the latch unlock and the door opened to Iseo’s face glowing by a single candle’s flame. He could not help but smile at her disheveled hair and sleepy eyes.
“Is everything all right?” she asked.
“No, it is not. The Archangel revealed the truth about the midwives’ stones.”
“What? What are you talking about?”
“There are two kinds of stones. The common sard and jasper. And the sacred stones bent to evil purpose.”
“Superstitions for the pains of labor. How is that evil?”
“The sacred stones are the Tears of the Fallen.” He let the knowledge take hold in her mind.
“What do you mean fallen? The angels who fell to Earth?” 
“Sí. The stones that carry markings are their tears mingled with sangre turned to stone. These stones are not of this earth. And carry great power.” 
“Like livingstone,” Iseo said. It had never occurred to her until that moment that other elements of earth may not be wholly of this world. “We must stop them from use. And see all children to proper baptism.”
“There is more,” Celestino continued, “and you will not wish to hear it, but it must be told.”
“You frighten me.”
“As you should be. The use of common sard and jasper is the minor offense. It is unfortunate, yet can be undone. I must ask a question.”
“Anything.”
“Did the stones Madia used possess smooth surface?”
Iseo closed her eyes recalling the stones in Madia’s possession. “All were smoothly polished, but one. It bore writing.” She opened her eyes. “I am not familiar with its symbols.”
“It is as the Archangel spoke. He fears the midwife has a Soul Casting stone.”
“Soul-casting stone? What are you talking about?” Celestino explained the entire truth to her about the inscriptions and their imbued powers and incantations. 
“Holy Mother Mary! You speak of dark magic!” Iseo’s head spun with the revelation. The floor beneath her feet tilted. Celestino caught her before she fell. “Celestino, I stood by watching her send innocent souls to Hell. May God forgive me.”
“You have nothing to be ashamed of, my Iseo. You did not know.”
“What do we do now?” she asked.
“We must retrieve the stones and destroy them. We begin with Madia,” he answered.
“Sí, sí, we must.” Celestino helped Iseo to her feet. “I am assuming we leave now, since you have come to me at this late hour.”
“We wake Father Avriel. The three of us depart as quickly as possible.”
*
The hooded trio raced on horseback the entire way to the midwife’s house. When they arrived, the horses steamed with exhaustion. Celestino leapt from his horse to assist Iseo to the ground. Father Avriel noted the tender way he placed his hands around her waist to ease the dismount and the slight linger of their hands together. 
Iseo knocked on the door, but all was silent. No light from within lit the windows. Iseo knocked louder. “Madia! Madia! It is Iseo, open the door! It is urgent!” she hollered loud enough a light was lit in a cottage down the lane. 
“She does not appear to be home,” Father Avriel stated the obvious.
“What should we do?” Iseo asked.
“I say we enter and look for the Soul Casting stone,” said Celestino.
“What if someone sees us?” Iseo gasped. It mortified her to think of intruding on Madia’s privacy.
“Do you place a higher position on reputation over souls?” Father Avriel asked her.
“That is not even a question worthy of answer,” she snapped at the priest. She turned to Celestino. “How will we get in?”
Celestino walked to the door. He laid his hand on the latch and Iseo heard a slight clank. The door creaked open. Iseo looked quizzically at Celestino. “How did you come by such a skill?” She looked from Celestino to the door.
“Stand not amazed woman,” Father Avriel said as he practically shoved them both into the darkness of Madia’s kitchen. 
“I cannot see anything!” Iseo said as she bumped into a table. In the dark, she felt Celestino’s hands catch her from falling. Even a touch not meant to transfer affection made her heart pound in her chest. For a precious moment, she forgot where she was or why she was there. 
The hearth fire glowed with embers in need of stoking long ago, so it cast very little light into the heavy blackness. Celestino walked to the hearth and threw a small log from the basket onto the flame. He poked the charred logs and blew until a flame caught. Iseo knew where the rush lights were stored. She found the correct cabinet, pulled one from the clay canister, and lit it from the fireplace. She then went around the room lighting candles, so they could see.
“Where does the midwife keep her supplies?” Father Avriel asked.
“Here. Here in this chest. And there in that basket.” Iseo pointed across from her. 
“You look in the chest. I will look in the basket. Celestino, you watch the door,” Father Avriel directed each of them to a task. 
Iseo dug through the chest like a meticulous thief, laying each item down on the floor in neat piles. She found a velvet bag of stones. “Maybe it is here!” she exclaimed. 
Father Avriel commanded, “Give that to me.” He dumped the stones out on the table. All the sard and jasper looked identical to Iseo’s untrained eye. But, Father Avriel’s deliberate and systematic examination of each stone revealed that he knew exactly what he was looking for. “It is not here. These are just polished stones, of little harm, unless used as a superstitious shield.”
“What do you mean by that?”
“Superstitions prevent God’s acceptance of the rite of baptism. They should not be used. However, those touched by superstitious rites may be re-baptized and saved from Hell’s fire. Consider the Soul Casting stone as a permanent condemnation. Those who have been touched by its power are the walking dead. Their souls may never reach heaven.”
“There is someone approaching,” Celestino whispered loudly from the door. 
“Bueno. Perhaps they will know where to find Madia. We must know for certain whether she has a tear of Lucifer’s, or not.” 
“Holy Mother of God,” Iseo breathed.
A man of unremarkable dress stopped just short of the doorway, when he saw Celestino. “What are you doing in the midwife’s cottage? Are you needing her service?”
“Sí.” Father Avriel stepped forward. “Sí, we are in need of her assistance.”
“Two priests? Must be important,” the man said.
“Do you know where we can find her?” Iseo appeared from behind the men. 
“Oh! It is you, Iseo! I did not see you there,” he said with a smile. “Luisa and the babe are doing well. Thanks in part to you.” 
“Where is Madia?” Iseo tried not to think of the sweet child going to Hell with no help for it, partially by her own doing. Father Avriel was right. The stone needed to be found and destroyed before it could damn another soul to an eternity of flame and ash. 
“She is down to the chandler’s house, I believe. His wife was ripe as a fruit last I saw her.”
“Thank you,” Iseo said. “I know the house, Father. We will need the horses to get there quickly.” They mounted and left Luisa’s confused husband in their wake.
*
The chandler’s house was well lit from within. A small gathering of men sat round a fire out front. They startled as three horsemen bore down hard in their direction, and made an abrupt stop just paces from their feet. Iseo threw her hood back first.  
“Is Madia within?” she asked. One of the men remembered the young woman as the midwife’s apprentice.
“Sí. She is,” he answered.
Iseo dismounted before Celestino could help her and barged into the house, with the two priests behind her. They walked into the kitchen arranged as the birthing room. Madia turned around to see the uninvited guests. “Iseo! What in the world are you doing here?!” she exclaimed. “And you men! Out!”
“They must be here. I cannot tell you why, Madia. Por favor, where is the sard and jasper?”
“You interrupt my work to ask for my healing stones?!” Madia fumed.
“Por favor, I must have them. All of them.” Iseo stepped toward the laboring woman and the midwife. Madia instinctively hid the stone in her hand behind her back. The chandler’s wife moaned with her labor. Iseo reached for the midwife’s arm. Madia pulled back, so Iseo grabbed her with both hands, prying the hand containing the sard to open. 
“Ouch!” Madia screamed, as the stone bounced to the floor. Iseo had drawn a line of sangre across the midwife’s hand. “How dare you malign me in this way!” 
Iseo did not even hear Madia’s rant. She was on her knees looking for the sard. She saw it wedged between the wall and a basket. “I have it!” she cried, as she held the stone aloft.
Father Avriel took the stone from her and quickly examined it. “This is not the one we seek.” He looked the midwife directly in the eye. “Where is the stone with the inscription?”
“What do you speak of?” she challenged the priest.
Iseo added her voice to the inquisition. “Where is the one you use? The one with the prayer you secret?”
“Why all the interest in the medicine of a midwifery stone? It is like any herb to ease pain—” Madia insisted. 
“No it is not! I must know where it is? Por favor, more than lives are at stake!” Iseo’s vehemence shook Madia. She had not known Iseo capable of such force and persistence.
“Where is it?” Father Avriel asked in a voice baritone enough to shake the room. Madia’s eyes bulged. Iseo looked at the priest in amazement.
“A hooded man came and offered me gold coins for it. I gave it to him. I have plenty of sard and jasper. What is a single piece of polished rock to me?” Madia spewed the truth in her fright.
“Who was it? Father Antony?” asked the priest, his voice smaller than before.
“That fat priest? No. The man was much taller, more like you two. In fact, taller than either of you.”
“What did he look like?” the priest pressed for more information.
She thought for a moment, “That is strange. I never forget a face, yet I cannot recall his at all.” 
“We are too late!” Iseo moaned. “Too late.” A frustrated tear escaped down her cheek. “What do we do now?” she asked Father Avriel.
“We keep searching. It is here in Santiago. We will find it, and any  others,” he answered. It perplexed him that no one, not even he, could identify the hooded man, or place him anywhere in particular. Who is this man? If he gave Father Antony the Tears of the Fallen and the Soul Casting stones, where did he get them from? Why would someone wish souls to be lost to Hell...Then, it dawned on the priest, only someone who had come from Hell in the first pace. But who? Who would be so brazen as to bring the war between Heaven and Hell to Earth? Who could move among the people and Hell so easily? “Iseo, you and Celestino remain here. Inform the midwife regarding the truth of her stones. Collect names of those she has baptized. Take the list to Father Tomas, so he may begin to save the souls who can be saved.”
“Where are you going?” Iseo asked.
“About my own business,” he said, turning on his heel to leave the room. They heard the sound of horse hooves pounding into the distance. 
“I have a birth to attend to,” Madia reminded Iseo. “Ask this mute priest to leave. No men present. This is women’s work...as you well know.” 
“Celestino, she is right. You need to go outside with the other men.” Iseo encouraged him in the right direction with a slight nudge. “Go on. I will be fine.” 
“Are you going to just stand there, Iseo, or are you going to be useful?” Madia asked. 
“Por favor. Wait for me outside. I must tell her about the stones, but not until the child is delivered safely,” Iseo whispered. 
“As you wish it, my Iseo.” Celestino nodded his head to his Maker and left the room.
“Bueno. We have work to do, Iseo. My new apprentice is not worth the salt on my fish!” 
“What first, Madia?” 
*
Frost crystals blossomed over rooftops, nearby fields, and along the edges of the lane leading to the house Celestino stood in front of with two inebriated men. They kept the fire stoked hot enough to keep the wintry chill on their backsides, while their faces shone rosy warm. 
“Would you care for wine?” One of the men handed him an uncorked flagon. The spicy bitterness caught in Celestino’s nose before he could answer. “Will you look at that! A priest with no taste for wine?” he laughed.
“I did not refuse. It is the stench of yard fouls that offends my nostrils.” He took the proffered wine and drank deeply. He smiled as he swallowed, because he heard Iseo’s chiding voice inside his head about how men would find it odd if he tasted wine and did not like it. 
Just then, a child’s cry disturbed the stillness of the air. The gathering toasted the wailing child and slapped the father on his back. 
Celestino looked up at the stars. He always found comfort in the night sky, whether clear or cloudy. Now that the babe was safely delivered, he and Iseo would return to their world at Compostela. His resolve to stay away from her was quickly eroding in the rain of her presence. He needed the safety of God’s bones or his heart would be completely lost to her. Mercifully, his time of stone approached, and he would not be tempted by his heart’s purest desire.
 
Chapter 21
Adiós Mi Amor
Cold rain sprang from the sky before the sun. Iseo was already in the kitchen, when Father Santos came in to assist with making the first meal of the day. The hearth burned hot, so Iseo left the back door open to catch the wintery breeze. She stood for a moment, listening to the melodic sound of the drops hitting the stone, splashing the threshold.
 Since Father Antony’s excommunication, Iseo’s life became very busy. She inherited all the kitchen duties and the added responsibility of training Father Santos in the art of baking bread and smoking fish. She began to understand why Father Antony was so cranky and ill humored.
“Father Tomas requests conversation with you this morning,” Father Santos greeted her as he pinched a bit of raw dough from a loaf and popped it in his mouth.
“You are not allowed to do that to the bread,” Iseo said.
“It is a piece of dough. Certainly there is no harm in the cook testing the food,” he scoffed at her.
“That would be true, if the cook were testing the food. But you are neither the cook, nor testing the food. You are simply being obnoxious,” Iseo half snarled back.
“You are a sour one in the morning,” he goaded.
“I am not. You are...you are...” Iseo stumbled to find the right insult.
“I am what?” Father Santos asked, pinching another piece of dough off the same loaf. 
Iseo realized he had done it to her again. Father Santos was an infuriating individual. She narrowed her eyes at him from across the bread table.
“I should mention,” he said, “Father Tomas meant now. Not later.” 
“Oh!” Iseo wiped her hands on her apron, before taking it off. “With any luck on your part, the Fathers will not starve.” She gladly walked out, leaving the arrogant bastard to fend for himself.
*
The door the Father Tomas’s chamber was ajar, so she quietly knocked as she opened the door. “You sent for me, Father?”
“Ah! Iseo. Sí. Sí, I did. Por favor, sit down my dear.” He gestured to a familiar chair.
“Is everything all right? Is Celestino all right?” It was his third time of stone, or was it the fourth? She could not really remember. She tried to push him from her mind as much as possible, but she never got him completely out of her heart. On occasion, she saw him in the cathedral, or in passing in the cloisters, or taking a meal. Since Finis Terrae, nothing had been the same between them. 
“Celestino will be fine. It is your welfare that concerns me.”
“Me? What cause is there to worry? I cook meals all day. I have not had any visions for other gargoyles. I had expected that I might...be called to birth another gargoyle. Perhaps, it is too soon? I—”
“Iseo, it is time for you to return to the world of men.”
His response caught her off guard. “What? What do you mean?”
“It is time you resume the life you were meant to lead.”
“But I do not wish to leave Compostela.” Any proximity to Celestino was better than never seeing him again. Suddenly, she felt nauseous. 
“It is necessary that you do. I have already sent word to your father.”
“When?”
“Before we left for Finis Terrae.”
“What about my life here?”
“You mean with Celestino?”
“No, I meant working the livingstone.”
“You cannot even be honest with me, Iseo. You wish to be near Celestino. He desires to be near you. Even during his own training, his mind is on you. You must go.”
“Por favor, Father. I beg you, let me stay.”
“The matter is out of my hands, Iseo. I received word late last evening that your father’s men will be here by noon.”
“But, Celestino is serving the stone hours. How will I be able to explain this to him?”
“That is the point child. You will not. I must protect you both from yourselves. You leave tomorrow.”
“What will become of me?”
“An offer has been made for your hand.”
“My hand?” Hot tears spilled down her cheek into the corners of her mouth. “You inform me that I am to leave the only place I have felt at home since my mother’s death, and that I am to marry a man, whom I have not even met, with such easy breath?” 
Father Tomas shifted his weight uncomfortably in his chair. He cleared his throat not once, but twice. 
“Do you know who it is, Father?” Iseo asked.
“He is a powerful man from the south.”
Iseo stiffened slightly. “The south?”
“Sí, child,” the priest nodded his head, “he is a Moor.”
“My father has approved this arrangement?” Iseo’s eyes widened.
“Sí.” Father Tomas found he could not meet her unwavering stare.
“How can he marry me to a Muslim?! I am a Christian. He is the one who sent me to the Church in the first place. After everything I have learned! What I know!” She crossed her arms over her chest, shaking her head against reality. “I will not renounce my God for another. It would damn my soul.”
“I do not have answers for you, Iseo. But you will be safe far from here,” he paused, “and so will Celestino.”
*
Snowflakes fell from the morning sky, clinging to Iseo’s dark hair like wet pearls. Damp tendrils curled up, framing her face. The cold, wintry air stained her cheeks rose. She had never been to the crown of Compostela to see him while he served his seven days watch, and she wondered what Celestino looked like perched on the roof. She knew he would be facing the east, so she walked the length of the rooftop pass until she saw him. Her breath caught in her throat. He was beautiful in stone, as magnificent as any dream she had ever experienced. God must surely have felt similar joy when He created Lucifer. How frightening to create such beauty, only to have it turn to ash and fire before your eyes.
Celestino sat motionless under the wet sky on the rooftop of Compostela, a beautiful, perfect sentinel for the House of God. Iseo walked the gap between them. Her breath hung as a cloud, as she stood before her creation. She traced the angular jaw of the leonine gargoyle with a cold shaking finger. In her mind, she saw the human chin, squared in perfection. She had carved this beast, but the man within the stone had been a complete surprise to her. Where did you come from? She had not dreamt of him, nor had visions of him. The man who spoke to her with warm breath and sweet words. The man who had taken her hand on the dark path of Monte Facho. It was the man’s eyes that haunted her now, that burned her, that burdened her. The gargoyle of her divine inspiration held within him Celestino, the man, whom she loved. Pure. Innocent. Hopeless. 
“I do not know if you can hear me where you are,” Iseo whispered into a stone ear, “but I am being sent away, mi amor.” She ran her hand over the mane she had carved. She knew each curving crevice, and traced a stone lock of his mane down to his neck. “I leave on the morrow, Celestino. Our love places danger at our feet. There is no other choice. Neither of us may look back.” She leaned forward until their foreheads touched, flesh to livingstone. “You must fulfill your destiny, mi amor, and I mine.” She pressed her lips on his frosty cheek. She felt the coarseness of the livingstone beneath her lips. “You have ruined me for anyone else,” she whispered. “Adios, mi amor, my Celestino.”

Chapter 22
Broken Bond
Celestino burst open the door to Father Tomas’s chamber. “Where is she?!” he roared.
“Sit down, Celestino,” Father Tomas said without even turning around. Celestino sat.
“Where is Iseo?” Her voice had reached him while he served in stone. Her voice, her tears, but not the words she spoke. He felt her leaving him, and he had been helpless to stop her. Frozen in stone, and unable to speak to her or comfort her.
The priest turned around and looked him in the eye. “Her father retrieved her from our care, as is his right.”
Celestino considered the priest for a moment. “You are not telling me everything you know. Why did her father press for her now?”
“Her father has arranged a marriage for her. It was her duty to go.”
The answer stunned Celestino. His mind raced to their conversations about marriage and mates. His Iseo was being given to another for a lifemate. Another man would feel her soft mouth beneath his. Anger iced through his livingstone and he sprang to his feet. “Why would you let a Maker leave the safety of these grounds?” He paced like a beast trapped in an iron cage.
“I let her leave because it was best for her...and you.”
“How is being away from here best for her?”
“She is meant for other things. For a different life.”
“She is my Maker. You had no right to take her from me!” Celestino argued.
“It is exactly that reaction that made it necessary for her to go.”
“You gave me no warning.”
“Celestino, sit down.” Celestino remained standing. “Go on, sit. You must hear all I have to say.” The gargoyle reluctantly settled into a chair. Father Tomas took the position opposite him. “Ask yourself why you are angry she is gone.”
His heart screamed out that another man would have her, when he could not. Celestino found the truth unspeakable.
“Can you not answer the query?” Father Tomas asked.
“I find the response...private,” Celestino replied. 
“Are you upset that she will be married?”
“Sí.” Father Tomas waited for more, but Celestino offered nothing else.
“You are not a man, Celestino. You are more than that. You have a sworn duty to God. Iseo simply complicated that vow. Your love for her is forbidden.”
“We have been only chaste. I have balanced my love with my duty.”
Father Tomas laughed. “That is a very human thing to say. There is no balance in love. It is always tilting in its own favor. She would have succumbed first, being wholly human and a woman…and you would have fallen victim to her guile, because your bond with her is strong. As you have reminded me often enough, she is your Maker.”
“You do not understand the bond between us. Iseo had no guile concerning me. You underestimate the man surging through me. I wanted her. I wanted to possess her.” His truth hung in the air between them. Father Tomas shook his head. 
“It is for this reason, you are best parted. Do you not yet see, Celestino? You have no control over love, it controls you. And because you love her, it endangers her all the more.”
“Endangers her more?” 
“The Dark powers seek all Makers eventually. To kill them all if they can. And because you love her, you draw the gaze of the Dark powers directly to her. I took great pains to ensure that her reason for being here was simply one of a father looking after his daughter’s best interests after her mother died. No one, save her father and I, knew the real reason she was sent here. Even Iseo had no idea that her father knew the truth.”
“You mean her father knew she was a Maker?” Celestino had never considered this. He knew Iseo never suspected anything other than what she had been told.
“Of course, he knew. He was surprised and none too pleased that I requested he remove her from our care and proceed as if the ruse were indeed the truth. If we are fortunate, she has escaped the eye of the Evil One and his minions.”
“How have you done this?”
“By sending her far from Christianity’s grasp. Behind the veil of the infidels.”
Celestino felt exhausted by the revelation. Their love caused their separation. He knew deep within himself that had Iseo remained, they would have destroyed each other. Father Tomas was right.
“Why not you, Father? Why does Hell not come for you?”
“What better torture than to know I birthed a great evil? I am, in essence, already in Hell.”
*
Celestino entered Iseo’s empty chamber. All trace of her had been stripped away. Even her scent faded as he stood in the middle of her small space. As his heart despaired, he noticed the small leather bound book on her bedside table. When he stepped closer, he saw the note. He recognized the delicate lines of Iseo’s hand. Opening the note, he read:
My Dearest Celestino,
I have left you what I consider to be our copy of Tristan and Isolde. Where I am going, it would only serve as a reminder of all I have loved and left behind. I could not bear to be reminded everyday of this heart break, so I leave this for you. Remember us, as I shall, until death closes my eyes in sleep forever. And serve God in peace.
As Always,
Iseo
Celestino opened the book to the place marked with a ribbon and read the first words his eyes fell on:
So, in the depth of the wild wood began for the lovers that savage life which yet they loved very soon. They wandered in the depths of the wild wood, restless and in haste like beasts that are hunted, nor did they often dare to return by night to the shelter of yesterday. They ate but the flesh of wild animals. 
Their faces sank and grew white, their clothes ragged; for the briars tore them. They loved each other and they did not know that they suffered.
He closed the book, and took it with him when he left, determined not to look back. Ever. Father Tomas was right. He loved her and he should not. 

Part Two
NO CONQUEROR BUT GOD

Chapter 23
The Moor
Iseo stared at herself in the reflection of the silver mirror. She had never seen herself full-length before, and so clearly at that. The women dressed her in a pale-blue, silk dress beaded with hundreds of tiny pearls. Her face was painted in the Moorish fashion using dark kohl to line her eyes. 
“Señora Iseo, this is for the modesty of your face.” Iseo recalled when she had covered Celestino’s glorious nudity. The harder she tried to push thoughts of him away, the harder they fought back to be remembered. The dressing woman bowed her head and asked, “May I assist you, mi señora?”
“Of course. I would be grateful.” Iseo had no idea how to fix the veil to her headdress. Although elegantly sheer, it felt uncomfortable. Her eyes became the focus of her face, the rest draped in mystery.
  The women chatted excitedly in their own tongue and fussed over her appearance, so Iseo understood nothing. Their language sounded like rapid tones and harsh notes. It was completely foreign to her. She stood mutely, as they turned her in circles to examine their work. They clapped and smiled.
“Señora Iseo, you are a vision of loveliness for even the eyes of old women. If you are fortunate, the king will find you just as enchanting.” Amat smiled widely.
Iseo blushed profusely. This morning, Iseo was to marry al-Nassir Muhammad, King of Andalusia, the lands of España conquered by the Moors centuries before. There had been no introduction made. It was not what she had expected. None of this was what she had expected. What if he is an ogre? What if I cannot do this? She was expected to put aside her God and church for al-Nassir and Allah. 
“Mi señora, has your mother instructed you for the wedding night?” Amat asked. The other women stopped talking long enough to listen for her answer.
“My mother died when I was young. I have had no instruction.”
“Ah. This explains much regarding your timidity.” Amat nodded her head knowingly. “Out with you Hafsa and Zannu!” Amat clapped twice to emphasize she meant at this moment. The two scurried out, shutting the huge double door in front of them. They never once turned their back on Iseo. 
“Why do they do that?” Iseo asked.
“Do what, daughter?”
“Never turn their back to me.”
“It would be rude. Disrespectful to their future queen.” Amat’s Spanish curved and pitched like waves off her tongue.
“I do not feel like a queen. Nothing has changed. I am still myself.”
“Ah, but you are wrong, daughter. Everything has changed.” She took her warm brown hands and placed them on either side of Iseo’s face, looking her directly in the eye. “You will no longer be Iseo of Compostela. You will be Iseo of Andalusia, wife of al-Nassir.” Iseo looked down. “Do you know why the king selected you, Iseo?”
“Because my father sold me for an eastern trading arrangement.”
She laughed, “True, there was a business exchange. But do you think so little of yourself, daughter, as to believe the king would marry to obtain relatively little in exchange?”
“I do not understand what you mean. He would gain wealth by trade. What king does not desire wealth?”
“You truly are an innocent of the world, daughter. The king has more wealth than you can imagine. He has no need of a small sum of gold to fill his treasury. What the king desires is worth more than any amount of gold coin can purchase.”
“What is that?”
“Your virginity is worth more than gold to the king.”
Iseo froze. “Why not a virgin of his own people?”
“Al-Nassir tires of war in Iberia. He hopes to bring peace, at least to the northern Moorish region of his kingdom. Perhaps, your Pope will stop the war, if al-Nassir takes a Christian bride. Will you let Amat instruct you for your wedding night?”
 Iseo blushed at the reference to her private feminine world. 
“I can see by your face, that it is necessary that I do. Your wedding night will make you a complete woman in the eyes of your husband and Allah. Drink enough wine that you feel the warmth of it. When he comes to you, simply allow—” Amat stopped speaking when she saw Iseo’s eyes fill with heavy tears. “Ah. Daughter. You are too innocent for your own good.” 
*
The wedding was a blur of strange people, exotic smells and pulsing sounds. She drank enough wine to feel the warmth coursing through her veins. Across the hall a tall, hooded man caught her eye. Celestino! She braved a smile and lifted her hand to catch his attention, but he vanished behind a pillar. 
The entertainment in the Moorish court captivated Iseo’s imagination. Women with bare midriffs were draped with chimes and bangles. Their faces carefully veiled to protect their modesty as they danced with suggestive undulations and spun in circles making Iseo dizzy. She had never beheld such an evocative spectacle in her entire life. This was nothing like the wedding she envisioned enduring. 
 In the midst of the celebration, several older women ushered a surprised Iseo from the room. The new bride heard the loud trilling sing-song ululation from the women behind her, as she walked through a torch lit hallway and into an enormous bed chamber. Amat spoke quietly in her ear, “I hope you have had enough wine, my daughter!” The entourage quickly stripped her of her wedding garments. Tears filled her eyes at the humiliation of standing stark naked in front of strangers, with the exception of Amat. The elder women dressed her in a sheer white silk gown. They fussed over the final arrangement of her hair and argued about how best to drape the folds of silk. They added more kohl around her eyes and fresh color to her cheeks. Finally, when their primping of the bride was completed, they stood her at the foot of the king’s enormous bed. “Wait for your husband, my daughter. Please him with your willingness to please him,” one of the women said from behind her veil. They closed the great wooden door of the chamber and Iseo stood alone. The din of the festivities sounded like crickets in the distance, pleasant and soothing. 
She waited. Her legs ached, so she shifted her weight slightly. She feared undoing the women’s handiwork at her expense. Then, she heard a door behind her open and quietly close. She had not realized there was another entrance into the room, other than the great doors she arrived through. 
“Good evening.” She heard the voice behind her drawing nearer. Her legs quaked and her body trembled. Al-Nassir came to face her at the foot of his bed. 
“You are truly lovely,” he said, as he took her hands and softly kissed each palm. His lips sent a shiver up her arms. She wanted to recoil from his touch, but knew she should not. He was her husband now, her body belonged to him. It was one thing that the Christian and Muslim worlds had in common. As a married woman, she was no longer her own person. She would obey or be beaten. She was also aware that he could see everything through the sheer gown. Tears again spilled down her cheeks. Her lips quivered.
“Do not weep, my Iseo,” al-Nassir calmed. His spontaneous term of endearment pricked her heart. He had no way of knowing that his very attempt at wooing her brought another man between them. She felt ashamed. “Why do your tears fall?” he asked.
Iseo tried to look up, but she could not meet his gaze. “I gave up my home. I feel lost,” she answered as truthfully as she could.
“This is your home now. You need not feel so alone,” he reassured her by kissing her temples one by one. 
“I am forced to give up my God,” she added. “It is a great pain to my soul.”
“This is a delicate matter, my Iseo. Worship in public as my queen is expected. Learn our prayers. Learn to accept Allah. In your own chambers, pray to whom you will. Who am I to judge the heart and soul of another? It is for Allah alone to judge.” He dried her eyes with kisses. “Come. Let me persuade this oyster to release the pearl I have purchased.” The king took her by the hand and led her to the edge of the marital bed. Iseo’s newly made husband tilted her chin up to his mouth. His face hovered momentarily above hers, until she opened her eyes to see him staring intently into her face. Not until then, did he kiss her tenderly on the mouth. He pulled his head back to gauge her receptiveness. Her long lashes swept the tops of her cheek bones. Her lips remained slightly parted. It was all the invitation he required. He kissed her forehead, and then planted a trail of kisses down the side of her face and neck. And because she was his wife, he did not stop kissing her until he reached her neckline. He slowly opened the front of her robe, exposing her shoulders. He kissed her until he felt her grow warm and willing to accept him. He laid her back and made love to her in the most tender way. Iseo cried, because she wanted the sweetness of his embrace inside her loneliness. She cried because her heart screamed it was wrong. 
*
The night passed with the king wrapped around his queen. When the morning birds began their songs, Iseo was already awake.
“What is wrong, my Iseo? You are yet weeping?” al-Nassir reached a hand to touch her tears and lift them to his lips.
“I dreamt a hideous dream. I cannot put the images from my mind.”
Al-Nassir pulled her closer into his embrace. “There is nothing to fear here.” His kind words only brought more tears, he assumed from some fearful night dream. “You are safe. I will protect you.” Al-Nassir bent his head to kiss her wet cheeks. He inhaled her perfumed hair, the dark kohl around her eyes smudged from sleep and crying only illuminated the cinnamon irises with golden flecks he had not noticed before. Her olive skin glowed with perfection. She was completely unmarred in anyway. Her beauty intoxicated him. He wanted her to love him, so they might possess each other eternally. 
“May I ask a favor?” Iseo braved the question.
“I grant it before you ask.”
His response surprised her. “What if you do not agree?”
“I trust you will not ask something of me that is impossible for me to give.”
“I wish to have a useful purpose for my life.”
Taken aback, the king propped himself up on one elbow. “Is being my queen not enough for you?”
“That is not what I meant.”
“Explain, wife,” he said, as he kissed her bare shoulder.
Iseo closed her eyes against his physical nature. “I wish to continue my apprenticeship as a midwife.” 
Her husband paused, his lips poised above her own. “As you wish it, so shall it be.” The morning sun burst through the window coverings, lighting the room with harsh yellow light. He removed the sheet between them. The modesty of darkness was stripped from her. The plain sight of her body and the dried stain of sangre on the linen beneath her, the clucking of chickens, the clang of bells, and the laughter of children all mingled into the moment his lips assaulted hers with an ardent hunger he had not unleashed the previous night. Iseo closed her eyes and thought of the ocean sunset at Finis Terrae. She allowed the tears to fall, as she remembered and tried to endure the life that now belonged to her. 
Al-Nassir rose from bed to wash. “You may ask Amat about the midwives. She will know what is best for you.” He smiled. “A queen who helps her people is destined to be loved by all.” When he left the chamber, she allowed her grief its full fury. She cried into her pillow until she felt empty of any more tears. She knew it was a luxury to weep for her former life, and a new bride may be allowed to grieve for a short time, but al-Nassir did not strike her as a man who would tolerate her tears for long. A firm knock sounded at the door interrupting her private mourning. 
Iseo wiped her eyes with her fingers and the backs of her hands as best she could. “Enter,” she croaked. She sat up in bed, pulling the coverlet up to her neck because her robe had been cast aside last night and she had no idea where it was. She could not get up without exposing herself.
Amat entered with two younger women carrying a wooden tub. Iseo recognized one as Zannu and the other she did not know. Quickly following their entrance, Hafsa entered with a line of other women carrying pitchers of hot water. They dumped the steaming liquid into the tub. When it was filled, Amat dismissed all the women except for Zannu. 
“Come, daughter, from the bed. You must cleanse the body. Zannu will clean the linen and then you must return to bed,” Amat said. 
“Why must I go back to bed?” Iseo was confused. Zannu giggled and it annoyed Iseo that this young woman knew more about what was happening to her than she knew herself.
“When the king lies with you, you must remain in bed the entire day so his seed may take hold in your womb. The king requires you to bear him as many children as Allah will allow.” Iseo felt queasy at the idea of having a child. She knew full well the travails of women in labor. It frightened her to think of enduring that. How can this be my life? Was I not just at Compostela? “Today, we make an exception, because it would not do to have the queen lay in the bridal sheets longer than necessary.” 
Iseo remembered the stain. She was embarrassed to rise from the bed. “I am sorry. For the linen,” she stammered. She thought she heard Zannu scoff at her.
“There is no need for apology when losing your virginity to your husband,” Amat said, dismissing Iseo’s qualms.
“More sorry if you had not,” Zannu blurted out. Amat smacked her soundly on the side of the head.
“You, daughter, best remember to whom you are speaking. Now, mi Señora, if you will come to your bath.”
“But, I have no robe,” Iseo protested.
“We are all women here. You have no need of shame with us. Come,” Amat encouraged. Iseo froze in the bed and hugged the linen even closer than before. Amat sighed, “Here. Let me find your robe.” She searched the floor around the bed. She found nothing. Then, she shook out the bed covering one layer at a time, until Iseo’s robe fell out. She handed the silky garment to Iseo, who slipped it on while still in bed determined to maintain as much of her privacy as possible. “Come. Come. The water is getting cold.”
Iseo slid off the bed and disrobed while standing in the tub. The hot water steamed into the air. It felt good to succumb to the heat of the bath. She rested her head against the back of the tub as Amat began to bathe her. Immediately, images of Celestino’s ritual invaded her mind. Amat scrubbed Iseo’s long dark hair, her shoulders, taking great pains to avoid the bruises on her back. 
“Stand, mi Señora,” Amat commanded. 
Iseo thought of the embarrassment she had felt when prompting Celestino with the same command. She wondered if it was her modesty, or his, he had been trying to protect. She watched the water splash against the sides of the tub as she stood, knowing there was no choice, but to obey Amat. In the corner of her eye, she caught Zannu stealing a glance at her. The young servant girl looked angry. Amat drew her breath between her teeth, making a sound of concern, drawing Iseo’s attention from Zannu. Iseo looked down to see the bruises on her inner thighs. Neither of them asked or explained anything. 
Zannu laid out a yellow gown of linen, woven with such fine wafts of thread it felt soft as silk. Iseo pulled it over her damp skin. 
“Yellow becomes you, mi Señora,” Amat said confidently. “His majesty will be pleased with this choice Zannu.”
“I am sure he will. Yellow is his favorite color,” Zannu replied casually. Iseo could not help but hear the undercurrent of sarcasm in the handmaid’s tone. The words were kind enough, but Iseo felt stung by the exchange. As if sensing her discomfort, Amat shooed the younger woman away.  
“Now, back to bed with you, mi Señora,’ Amat commanded kindly.
As she settled into the clean linen and soft pillows, Iseo felt comfortable asking Amat the question burning through her mind, “How can I apprentice a midwife here in this village?”
Amat eyed her queen cautiously. “A strange request from a newly made wife.”
“Not strange. I was apprenticing a midwife in Compostela. I wish to be useful here, as queen, and continue with my training.”
“You have the king’s blessing?”
“I do. I would not ask otherwise.”
The elder woman considered the new queen. Maybe she would be an excellent ruler despite her foreignness. “Very well. I will speak to a woman, who may be in need of an apprentice.”

Spring 1211 AD 
Chapter 24
Spring of Dreams
Iseo stood at the entrance of a corridor that ended at the base of a stairway lit by red torchlight. A voice said, “Ascend to him.” The words formed a silken chord wrapping around her waist. Gently, the words pulled her so that her feet moved beneath her. She looked down. I cannot see my feet. It occurred to her that she was not moving of her own accord. The stairwell floated closer to her. I am floating, not walking. Where are my feet? She stopped at the base of the stairs. A figure cloaked in dazzling white light stood at the top, beckoning her to take the first step. She heard the voice again, “Ascend to him.” And she wanted to. What lies beyond the steps? Who is he? She smiled and placed her foot on the first step. It was firm beneath her. A hand reached from the dark to escort her to the next step. She looked down and saw it was a claw. She turned her head to the right. The face with the voice materialized. Eyes, black as coal, bored into hers. She stumbled. The voice more insistent, more demanding than before, “Ascend to him!” 
“I cannot. I am afraid,” she said.
“You must. To save him.”
“Save who?”
“Him.”
Fear stretched across her skin. Her feet froze. It is a claw! “There is no conqueror, but God,” she spoke into the face of Evil. The light at the end of the stairs blinked black. The claw receded from sight. She was falling now.
 Her eyes flashed open in panic as she instinctively grabbed her bed linen to stop the falling sensation. She sat up and surveyed the room. Everything was absolutely still. The vision felt similar to those God sent to guide her hands as a Maker. But, this one felt heavy, terrifying, not inspiring. Then, she thought she saw something move in the corner of her eye in the mirror, but when she looked directly at it, it was gone.
She whispered, “Celestino?” into the silent tranquil dark. Sweat beaded on her brow. She lit a candle and tried to conjure an image of Celestino as the gargoyle curled up sleeping in the corner of her bed chamber. She recalled the evening she had awakened and found him curled in the corner of her room deep in slumber. She had gone back to sleep, never speaking of it to him for fear he would withdraw his presence all together. As far as she knew, Celestino remained oblivious of her knowledge of his secret.
In the morning, she opened the heavy curtains of her chamber windows. Light flooded every corner of her private apartment. She needed the warmth of the light to chase the cold of the dark vision far from her thoughts. She paced with her hand on her belly and caressed the growing swell hidden by the flowing folds of her gown. 
Iseo filled her world with work. It helped her to bury the bittersweet memories of Celestino. Since she had been introduced to the intimacy between a husband and wife, she found her thoughts about Celestino became more provocative. She knew that his love was the only love that could fill what she ached for in her heart. And she knew she would never possess it. It was forbidden by the Codex and tradition. Laying intimately with Celestino would be considered more sinful than laying with a man, because he was not just any man. He was God’s instrument on earth. She knew this as she carved him. She knew this as she taught him how to live in her world, the human world. Unfortunately, the memory of how his lips had burned hers refused to disappear. So, she sought to vanquish it into the netherworld by busying herself with midwifery. As Madia had taught her, there was always a child coming into the world, thanks to the base desires of men. 
The familiar hurried knock on her door refocused her attention on the present moment. As she walked to open the door, she heard a young girl’s voice, “Mi Señora! Mi Señora! The babe is coming now.” Iseo opened the door to find Hafsa’s eldest granddaughter. “My grandmother has asked for you to come now!”
Iseo put her hand on the girl’s shoulder, and spoke reassuringly, “Do not fear. We will make it to your mother in time. The palace is not so grand we will lose track of her.”
“Sí, mi Señora,” the girl bowed her head in deference to the queen. 
“Your grandmother was right to call for me. But first, I must gather my things. Entonces, we will see your mother safely delivered of her child.” Iseo smiled. 
*
Late into the evening, Iseo walked to her private chamber only to find a boy servant waiting at her door. “I beg your pardon, mi Señora. His Majesty requested your presence in his chamber when you returned from your purposeful work.” 
“Tell my husband I will be there as soon as I am presentable.”
The servant toed a crack in the stone floor with the tip of his sandal. “I beg your pardon, mi Señora, but he requests you come to his chamber without any delay.”
Iseo contemplated the messenger. “We leave straight away.”
The young man looked visibly relieved. “Sí, mi Señora. I will lead the way for you.” When they arrived before the king’s door, the young man bowed and scurried down the hall. Iseo knocked and the door opened from inside. As she passed through, the servant who opened the door swiftly switched positions with her and shut the door behind her. 
“Nassir?” she spoke as she walked deeper into the chamber. “I am here, as you requested.” 
Her husband appeared from behind a screen. He wore a simple tunic and had removed his turban. She smiled at him from across the room. He opened his arms, signaling her to come to him, and she did. He embraced her as one embraces their beloved. 
“I apologize for my disheveled appearance, but your messenger said I was to come without delay.”
He chuckled, “That was my request. For if you delayed, all of this,” he clapped his hands twice, “would have gone to waste.” Two servants moved the screen. Behind it, Al-Nassir revealed a stone tub built into the ground filled with steaming milky colored water. Candles of all sizes circled the square pool. 
The gesture and its beauty stunned Iseo. She asked, “How? When?”
“You have been working much wife. And spending far too much time alone in your private chamber.” He took her hand and pulled her close. “I built the bath to entice you to desire my company more often.”
Her husband’s sincerity caused her guilt to stain her cheeks, which he mistook for modesty. He clapped his hands twice and a man appeared seemingly from thin air. “You may leave,” the king said. “Anything my queen desires, I will attend to myself.”
“Majesty.” He bowed and disappeared without even the slightest hint of noise. 
The king turned all his attention to his wife. “Now, it is time for you to enjoy your milk and almond honey bath.” 
“I have never bathed in anything as luxurious as this,” Iseo said. She felt the nerves rising to her stomach. She would have to undress in front of him. There would be no where to hide, no welcomed privacy screens and no comfortable darkness, only the illuminating pale glow of dozens of candles. 
The king, sensing her dilemma, turned his back. “Unless you require my assistance with undressing?”
“No, I can manage,” she said thankfully. Within moments she slipped into the silky water. The king turned around, pleased to see her immersed in his newly built bath. Unlike her, he needed no privacy to disrobe and enter the water. Iseo feared he would move toward her too quickly, but he regaled her with the political tale of the day.
“Are you familiar with the kings of England?” he asked casually.
“I suppose I am familiar with who they are, never having met any of them in person.”
“You would be surprised to hear who visited my court this afternoon.”
Iseo asked, “Someone from England?”
“Not just anyone, my Iseo. An envoy of King John himself,” he said. “Privately and unofficially of course.”
“King John sent an envoy here? To Seville?” Iseo asked incredulously. 
“It seems he has been excommunicated by your Pope in Italia.”
“Monarchs and Popes have long had contentious relations with one another.”
“The king made an interesting offer,” al-Nassir said, maintaining his casual tone.
“What did he offer?” 
“It appears he has lost control of his kingdom. And the French are preparing to invade his realm.”
“Did he ask for supplies? Soldiers?”
“He did.”
“What price did you ask for such help?” Iseo completely lost herself in the conversation. She forgot she was in a tub with only opaque water between them. 
“I did not ask a price, but he offered a treasure he believed I could not refuse.”
“He offered you treasury, before you named a price?”
“He offered to convert to Islam and make England a Muslim realm, if I helped him defeat the Gauls.”
“That is preposterous!” Iseo exclaimed. “England cannot become a Muslim kingdom.”
“Why should England not desire the enlightenment of Allah?” al-Nassir asked.
“It is only because the religious tradition is Catholic. I do not believe the people would convert so easily.”
“As easily as my little dove?” he asked, knowing that she continued to pray to her God, with his agreement to look the other way.
“I only meant...it just seems...an insincere gesture. A desperate act.”
“I agree, my Iseo. It is why I sent his envoy away.” The king smiled. “Come here, my Iseo. I have missed you.” 
Iseo waded toward him. He reached for her hand and drew her next to him in the center of the pool. His hands found her belly. Iseo stiffened. The king looked at her in disbelief.
“Why have you hidden this from me?” 
“I have kept the news from all, Nassir.”
“Why? Why would you feel compelled to hide the news of our child from me?”
“I have seen women bleed out the contents of their wombs when their pregnancy is yet new. I wished to wait until I was certain that danger had passed.”
“I understand your concern, my Iseo. Surely, the time is ready for you to announce an heir. Your belly is well rounded with child.”
“It is most likely safe enough, now.” Iseo managed a faint smile.
“There is more here that you have not told.” The king tilted her face to his, forcing them to make eye contact. “I would have the truth. All of it.”
“I was also afraid you would keep me from my work.”
“You thought correctly. Do not keep secrets from me, my Iseo. The child you carry is more important to this kingdom than the work you are doing.”
“I will be careful not to overtax myself,” Iseo protested.
“No! I will hear no more on the subject.” He softened, when he saw the disappointment on her face. “It is only out of concern for you and the child that I make this command.” 
Al-Nassir pulled his wife into his arms. He kissed her sweetly. “Are you well, my Iseo? You look pale.”
“I am fine, my Lord.” Iseo suddenly collapsed in his embrace, nearly slipping beneath the water. 
“Iseo!” The king pulled her out of the bath, wrapped her in a warm blanket, and carried her to their bed.
“Nassir?” Iseo opened her eyes. “What happened?” 
“You fainted in the bath. How do you feel?”
“Strange. I feel like I am not myself at all.” 
“You are yet pale. I will start a fire to warm the chamber.” He got up to stoke the low burning hearth.
“I will be fine, Nassir. Come to bed. Come to me.” 	
“I will not injure you or the child?”
“No. Come to me now.”
It was all the enticement he needed. When their intimacy ended, he shifted his weight to pull her into the nook of his arms. She was already asleep. He kissed her forehead, then her cheek. Iseo was the loveliest creature he had ever laid eyes on. He was glad her father had seen the necessity of keeping her among clerics and scholars. Her mind, spirit, and body were pure. The world before her would be one that he carved out for her and their coming child. 
*
Iseo walked down a twisted dirt path that wound its way to the edge of a stream, which was little more than a sliver of water cutting through the dry earth. Water gently babbled against moss covered rocks. She realized she held a babe on her hip. It was covered with so many layers of swaddling cloth she could not see the face to discover whether the child was a girl or a boy. Iseo continued along the edge of the water, until she felt the floating sensation take over all movement. Ahead of her three old crones danced around a fire pit blazing from the earth. They circled the flames, laughing and clapping to some music she could not hear. When they caught sight of her, they stood immobile in their poses and stared at her. One of the crones curled her long finger, beckoning Iseo to approach. Instinctively Iseo shook her head no, but she moved forward regardless that her mind had begun screaming for her to stop. It was no use. She noticed items scattered along the skinny shores of the stream. A mortar and pestle that had belonged to her at Compostela. A set of chiseling tools lying partially buried in the sand. These are my things. She saw gold coins glistening here and there, as if someone had scattered them as carelessly as ordinary pebbles. 
Beneath a sickly, over pruned tree, the crones stood waiting for her. The tallest one approached her. She asked, “Why are you here?”
“Are these my things?” Iseo asked.
“Answer. Do you belong here?” The crone insisted, growing agitated that Iseo did not understand. The three wrinkled women began to sway like snakes in a charmer’s basket. 
“Sí, I belong here,” Iseo answered, not knowing if she told the truth or not. The child on her hip began convulsing, heaving bile in spasms. Iseo panicked and began to cry. She whispered, “Breathe. Just breathe.”
“I cannot,” the babe responded through the swaddling cloth. The crones began to dance and sing. The fire burned brighter. Flames reached above their heads to lick the sky. Iseo realized that Evil was present. It was trying to suck the soul of the child she held. She pressed her forehead against the child’s and whispered, “Lord God, in the name of Jesus Christ cast out the Evil from this child!”
*
Iseo sat bolt upright. Again the dream haunted her. Al-Nassir startled awake, grabbed her and looked her in the eyes. “What is it, Iseo? What is wrong? Is it the child?”
“No. I do not know. I had another dream that frightened me.”
“You look ill my love. Paler still than last night. You must stay in bed.”
“But I am already with child. There is no need.”
“You will obey me in this. You do not look well, my Iseo. I will have Amat tend to you.” 
She fell back against her pillows and threw off her coverlet. “Is the fire stoked?”
“No, but I can make it so.”
“Por favor do not it is stifling hot in here.” She felt sweat dampen her skin. “Open a window, I beg you.” 
The king clapped his hands. A servant appeared. “Fetch Amat. I would have her attend the queen.” He placed his hand on her forehead. “You are burning with fever.” 
“I cannot hear you for all the noise. Who is talking over you? Do you hear them?”
“Hear whom, my Iseo?” he asked. He looked around the chamber. “There is no one here except you and I.”
“Make it stop!” Iseo pleaded. “It is hurting my ears!”
Nassir took Iseo by the shoulders and looked into her eyes. What he saw terrified him. “Allah, defend her! Amat!”
“My Lord, I am here.” Amat rushed to the King’s side. 
“Look! Look into her eyes!” he despaired. 
Iseo lay with her eyes wide open, but her body was heavy with sleep. She took rapid breaths as if gasping for air. Amat took the queen’s face between her hands and looked into her eyes. “Allah!” She immediately understood the king’s concern, “Perhaps it is the fever?” 
“There is no fever that can cause this!” he bellowed.
“My Lord, I do not know what is affecting her eyes, but I do know we must treat her fever. We must cool her body.” 
Nassir clapped his hands twice, and then again. Two men appeared. “Draw the bath with cool water.” He took Iseo in his arms. “Stay with me, my Iseo. My love.” He kissed the top of her head, now drenched with sweat. A desperate thought flashed through his mind. What if she dies, taking my son with her? She must survive. “Amat, help me get her to the bath.”  
The king pulled the covers back completely, so they could lift Iseo safely. Amat gasped when she saw the nude body of the queen with her protruding belly. She had no idea the queen was so pregnant. Iseo’s body weighed heavy in their arms. The king took hold of her torso, while Amat made sure the queen’s legs did not drag across the marble floor. Tears sprang to Amat’s eyes when the king got into the pool fully clothed, holding his beloved in his arms. Iseo stirred.
“Nassir?”
“I am here, my Iseo.”
“I am cold,” she said weakly.
“It is the fever.”
“There is something wrong. Inside me.”
“You are with child, my love.”
“It is not the child. There is someone else…,” Iseo’s voice trailed off with exhaustion. 
“Amat!” al-Nassir roared.
“My Lord,” she said, as she rushed to the edge of the pool.
“Help me get her to the bed and covered properly. Then fetch my personal physicians.”
“Majesty.” The bath was deep enough it required her to step into the water to assist the king in carrying Iseo out. As she lifted Iseo’s shoulders, the queen opened her eyes. 
“Do you see him?” Iseo asked.
“See who?” Amat looked over her shoulder in the direction of the queen’s gaze, but saw nothing.
Iseo lifted her arm to point at a pillar beyond the marble pool. “There.”
Both Amat and the king looked as she began pointing frantically. “Him! I cannot see his face! The hood is covering it. Who is it Nassir?!”
“I see no one my dove,” he whispered in despair. 
*
Iseo walked to a hammock draped between two barren trees. A babe wrapped in swaddling clothes lay snuggled in the folds of swaying fabric. She picked it up to kiss its tender cheek, but maggots wiggled and writhed between the swaddling and fell like rice on the dirt. Horrified, she tried to pick the maggots off the child, but it was no use. It was as if the child produced the maggots. She pulled the swaddling covering tighter to keep the worms from escaping. A crone approached her. She smiled serenely, but her eyes were black as pitch, their gaze heavy. Iseo could not look away, even though her mind shouted for her to run. 
“It is ugly, but you can love it. Do not look down my dear.”
“But the maggots,” she protested.
“Evil can be beautiful,” the crone replied to Iseo’s weak protestation. 
Iseo tucked another cloth around the child. “Do you mean the child is Evil?” she asked the old woman.
“It is useless to cover its nature,” the old woman said, and repeated, “Evil can be beautiful, if you want it to be.” 
*
Iseo woke up gasping for air. She remembered the maggot covered child. What is wrong with me? What is wrong with my child? 
She cried out, “What is wrong with me?!”
“You have a fever,” a voice spoke through the fog of dreams. 
“What does it mean?”
“What are you asking, my dove?” the voice asked. 
“Why does she say evil can be beautiful? What does it mean?!” Iseo’s frantic questioning grew to hysteria, before her body collapsed into a fitful slumber.
“Who is she?” asked Amat. 
 “Do you know what is wrong with my queen?” Nassir asked the trio of physicians gathered around the foot of the bed. 
“Your Majesty,” the primary physician began, “We are only certain that her suffering is not of this realm.”
“What nonsense is this?” the king asked angrily.
“Her suffering is from the other side of our world, Your Majesty. She has the imprint of the spirit world on her brow.”
“How can you help her?” he asked.
“You must send for the priest of Compostela. He will be the only one who can save her and your child.”
“The man called Father Tomas?”
“No, the priest they call Father Celestino. Only he can save her now.”
*
Snow dusted the ground like lace. Iseo looked around. She was in the central square of some lofty cathedral. It felt like Compostela, but she could not identify any specific feature from her former home. Her eyes scanned the line of a wall trying to find the window of her workshop. But the wall extended further and further the more she tried to focus on it. She was suddenly aware of floating. Sweet Jesus, it is happening again. Floating through the square, she could not see or feel her feet. 
A very tall man wrapped in flowing robes of crimson and royal blue walked ahead of her. He neither looked back nor spoke to her. She followed him, until he stopped and extended his right arm into the chilly air. From out of the vast blue, a red-tailed hawk descended on his arm. He accepted its presence, as if the wild bird belonged to him. There was no question in his demeanor that a wild creature should flock to him. 
The sky closed in on her, clouds surrounded her, when the crone approached. “Look, old mother, look at this spectacle. Is it a marvel?” The crone made no response. She pointed as the hawk took flight, heading directly to Iseo. It landed with heaviness on her right shoulder. Iseo’s knees buckled under the weight of the bird. She sank to the ground while the hawk pressed its sharp beak into her cheek. 
“Do not move or he will harm you,” said the old mother. 
Iseo closed her eyes against the panic swirling in her stomach. She obeyed the crone. 
“He is a wild bird. You must listen,” the crone said.
The weight on her shoulder increased, yet Iseo remained steady. She trusted that it would not bite her. She had witnessed hunting hawks and knew first hand their beak’s destructive power. She reached her right hand up to touch the beak. The hawk only pressed harder, drawing a thin trickle of sangre. She acquiesced to its power.
It spoke, “What is born in violence remains violent. The sangre cannot be washed away.” 
*
Iseo sucked in a cold breath and opened her eyes. Night penetrated all the corners of her chamber. In the corner of her eye, a shadow swept from her room. Her limbs felt heavy when she tried to move them. It was as if the weight of the world pressed her into the bed. Celestino! Help me, por favor!

Chapter 25
Reunited
Father Avriel paced the floor of Father Tomas’s chamber. “How could this happen? I thought the woman would be safe if she were far away? No one save us and her father, as you tell it, knew her true calling.” 
“How do you think he will take the news?”
“I would not divulge the entirety of the situation until you are en route.”
“Why keep it from him?”
“It gives him too much time to think and feel. Keep his heart and mind from this aspect of the truth, as long as possible. It will only interfere with what he must do.”
Father Tomas was surprised. “How did you know of them?”
“How could I not? They were far too familiar with each other for my comfort.”
“Are you any closer to finding the person responsible for spreading the Soul Casting stones?”
“I can find no trace of any person. It is odd. Not even Father Antony could tell me who gave him the sard and jasper, let alone discern the Tears of the Fallen and Lucifer’s from the lot of stones exchanged.”
“I yet shudder to think of his eyes. Burnt white orbs.”
“He received a just punishment for his part in the sacrilege against God.”
“I do not understand why the Pope was so harsh. Excommunication? His contrition seemed sincere. I do not believe he truly knew what he was doing.”
Father Avriel recalled the image of the fat priest’s neck beneath his hands. “He was no saint, Brother. He received exactly what God intended.”
“How can you be so certain of yourself?” Father Tomas challenged. “He was a dedicated—”
Celestino entered the room without knocking. “I am here, Father, as summoned.”
“You may wish to sit. I have news to share.”
Father Avriel eyed his Brother intently. He mouthed, “Do not say anything about Iseo!”
Celestino caught the tale end of Father Avriel’s silent words. “What is our purpose, Fathers?”
“Ah, hum. We have been called to a far away place to save a woman from a demon.” There. Father Tomas spoke directly to the truth.
“Further than Finis Terrae?” Celestino asked.
“Much. Further.”
Father Avriel rolled his eyes at his Brother’s weak attempt to skirt the truth. He eyed the ceiling and mouthed, “Help him, God!”
“Is there no church Father, or gargoyle as far away as that?”
“You have been requested by the family of the...woman. It is a delicate matter.” Father Tomas completely side-stepped the question. Of course there were no Catholic churches in Moorish lands, let alone priests to exorcize demons.
“They are known to you then? It is good. When do we leave?” Celestino asked.
“At first light. We will be on the road for several days. Maybe up to seven. Pack your things...including your shield. We will be gone for close to a fortnight.”
“You have never requested I bring my shield.” Celestino thought for a moment and deferred, “As you wish, Father.”
*
Traveling south through the Moorish lands was dangerous business. Being marked as Christian priests did not help the tenuousness of the situation. King Al-Nassir had provided a special paper of dispensation for both of them, and that document alone assured their safe passage through the lands of Allah. The carriage ride pushed mental images of Iseo to the forefront of Celestino’s mind. He dozed slightly between infrequent stops. When his mind wandered into a dream state, he saw Iseo walking amid flames and smoking charred rocks. Finally, the incongruities he felt about the exorcism mission forced him to speak out. 
“Father, what are you keeping from me?” Celestino questioned.
“What do you feel it is?” Father Tomas answered.
“I would rather not lend voice to my dreams, for fear it is the truth I see.”
Father Tomas exhaled loudly, “If you see Iseo, you are right.”
The mention of her name, voiced in the light, voiced against his wishes to hear it gripped his chest with a strangling tightness. It threatened to choke his clarity of thought, as well as his words. 
“She is tormented by the spirit world,” Father Tomas confessed. “Her husband sent for us. His physicians are convinced her suffering originates in the spirit world. As we would call it...possession.”  
Celestino simply asked, “Can I save her?”
“It is not for me to say. It is in God’s hands. Do you recall the lesson that God is law?”
“Sí, humans pray because they must.”
“Now is time for such prayers. If He hears a single voice above the din of the world’s requests for favors, it is a miracle,” Father Tomas reminded. “There is no reason God allows one person to die and another to live. It is the way of life. It is the Law of God. There are no promises of when or how we die, horrible or peaceful. The only promise is that we will each give up this flesh. Life is life. Death is death. It is between these two realities we all must pass. Even you, eventually,” Father Tomas said. “We need a miracle, Celestino. We need a miracle.”
A dark curtain descended on him as the truth fell like rocks in an impenetrable wall around him. In his dreams, he felt the presence of a powerful evil. He saw the image of a gargoyle, but it made no sense to him. The unfamiliar reflection taunted him with visions of Iseo’s suffering in the spirit world. He felt her soul being twisted by this blackness. He knew Iseo was slipping into the netherworld. For the remainder of the trip, Celestino did not utter a single word to anyone. His heart and his will focused his love at Iseo. Do not lose hope, my love. My beautiful Maker. I am coming. I will save you. I must save you.

Chapter 26
Deliverance of Evil
Al-Nassir and his physicians kept vigil outside the king’s chamber, while the priests entered. Iseo lay in bed drenched in her own sweat. Her skin was dulled and ashen, her cheeks hollowed by her travail. Her breathing was the rapid sound of an animal. Her body speared by a thousand unspeakable agonies sent from Hell. 
When Father Tomas and Celestino entered the room, Iseo sat bolt upright as if hinged solely from the waist. She held up a thin arm and shook her finger at Father Tomas, then at Celestino.
“I know you well, Father Tomas. We meet again,” the voice coming from Iseo growled.
“How do you know my name, demon?” Father Tomas asked Iseo’s shell.
“Do you not recognize your own work, my Maker?” the demon’s voice sounded the baritone of a great man. Father Tomas recognized the voice immediately, even though it had been over forty years since he had heard it speak to him. For the better part of his life, he chose to forget Tanuicus, and only when Celestino required the information did he dare speak of it. And until this moment, hearing that voice again, it had ceased to truly exist as a reality. He had asked forgiveness for his part in the turning and believed that God had done so. Now, he was not so certain. He wondered why Tanuicus was being brought back into his life.
“Soon, you will release this woman and be cast from this earth,” Celestino warned with the first words he had spoken in days. Seeing Iseo in duress tore at his heart.
“Do you think it will be so easy to cast me out, stone warrior?”
Celestino did not allow the demon’s knowledge to intimidate him. “It is what I was created to do. I will do it. You will go back to the underworld.”
“You have no experience with my kind. I am more powerful than you realize. And there is more at stake than you know.”
Considering the circumstance, Father Tomas spoke to his Celestino, “We should step outside, beyond the demon’s ears.” The two priests exited the room to the sound of frenzied laughter behind them. 
*
 “Tell me, Father, about this demon. He called you his Maker.” The very word simultaneously stung and warmed his heart. Memories of Iseo’s hands tracing his face, her voice, his vow to love her forever in secret...all of it, he purposely suppressed. His concentration since Iseo left Compostela fell completely to his training. And now that very wall of careful construction crumbled. 
“I have already told you everything. It was a lifetime ago.” 
“But he turned? How did that happen? He had freewill, but why did he chose Hell?” 
“I do not know. Why did Lucifer chose Satan?”
“False promises of power. I remember my lessons, Father.” 
“The only one with that answer is Tanuicus.”
“He is right, is he not? About his power?”
“Sí, but something is not right. That demon speaks the truth about my past, but it lies about the present circumstance. It seeks to twist my mind with my own failings. Cause me to doubt. And it has worked.” Father Tomas’s shoulders deflated with shame. “As far as I know, gargoyles cannot possess a human. This demon must be a pawn of Tanuicus.”
“Will I be able to cast it out?”
“I hope so. For Iseo’s sake, I hope so.” 
Celestino’s resolve to save Iseo pulsed through him like a living force. “Come, Father. We have a soul to save.” They reentered the chamber to find Iseo weak, but aware of her surroundings. The unclean had granted a brief window of reprieve for Iseo, not for her benefit, but to heap anguish upon the exorcist.
“Celestino? Is it truly you?” Iseo asked weakly.
“Sí, my Maker. It is I.” He smiled at her.
“Your teeth are so perfect,” she whispered and reached up a trembling finger to trace his lips. Celestino clasped her frail hand, and kissed her damp, pale forehead. The tenderness between them did not pass unseen by Father Tomas. The distance he placed between them had not extinguished the flame, as he had hoped. It had only made it burn hotter and brighter in the absence of each other. 
“I need you to make a promise to me.” Iseo grasped Celestino’s hands in her own, and kissed them, like he had done to hers so long ago.
“My word, my Maker,” he promised with his heart, his power, and his purpose.
Iseo smiled weakly. “Promise me you will save my child.”
Celestino had not noticed Iseo was with child. But now that she spoke it aloud, the swell of her belly was unmistakable, even from beneath the pile of coverlets.
“My Iseo,” he whispered. She took his hands and placed them on her belly.
“Can you feel him, Celestino?” He reluctantly, gently placed his palms on the mound of her body. He felt the child’s sangre of life pulse through his hands, up his arms, and spear his heart. 
“He is what you feared to procreate?” Celestino asked, his eyes rimming with sangre.
“Do not weep, my love.” She kissed his hands again. “I fear only losing him. More than I feared leaving you.” She smiled softly. “Promise me you will save him.”
“I promise.” He did not know why he promised this. He had never cast out a demon from a pregnant woman before. The abyss of not knowing gaped wide before him. 
“No matter what happens, save the child. I would suffer Hell fire to save him.” 
“That is a powerful love, my Maker.”
“It is the most powerful, my love.” She closed her eyes and slept. 
*
The priests waited for the demon to reappear. Iseo lay like a wilted flower on a sea of white linen. Candles flickered amber light. Melting wax spilled like waterfalls over the candles’ edges and onto the table tops. Heavy tapestry covered the arched windows. The smell of human sweat mingled with cinnamon and sage. There was no air, only a suffocating stillness. Nothing stirred. It was an unnatural calm even for inside a house. The battle to come for Iseo’s soul hung as an oppressive weight on Celestino. His thoughts dwelled on his promise and on the child. He felt the sangre of a strong son. He was a part of her, but not her. Can I do as I promised? God bend your Law in her favor. Give me what strength I need to save them both. Father Tomas’s words rang loudly in his ears: For God to hear a single voice above the din of the world’s requests for favors is a miracle. He had never felt fear before, but not knowing the part this unknown enemy of God, Tanuicus, played in the possession of Iseo generated a sensation so palpable it knotted his gut. A holy creation birthed by Father Tomas’s own hands, strengthened by his soulless birth, bound to earth to save humans from the very thing he had become held the power of life and death for Iseo and her child.  
Father Tomas’s voice broke the silence, “It is time, Celestino.” He pulled the leather cords from his waist pouch. They each tied Iseo’s arms and legs to the bed. Lo siento, my love. He knew it was for her own good, but the action of binding her wrenched his wounded heart all the more. Father Tomas next removed the holy water and purple sash from the waist pouch and pulled the silver cross from beneath his robe. He sprinkled the blessed water over Iseo and made the sign of the cross on her forehead. 
Iseo’s body stirred to deathly life. The demon awoke with a vengeance. It flailed and screamed with the voice of the tormented. Father Tomas began the exorcism rite by kneeling beside her bed and praying. 
Celestino did not hear the prayer. He willed his private thoughts to Heaven. 
“In the name of the Father, the Son, and Holy Spirit, I command you as a humble servant of the Lord on High to give up your name.”
“You know my name, Maker.”
“I am not your Maker, unclean beast. Scourge of the earth. Give your name, demon,” Father Tomas commanded.
“You stupid priests always demanding our names. Why would I want to give you that? So you can cast me back to the pit?!” the demon’s gurgling laughter echoed across the chamber. “You are a foolish man, Father.”
“I command you in the name of Jesus Christ to give your true name. The name given you in the Underworld.” Father Tomas began anointing Iseo’s body with the sign of the cross at her neck, each shoulder, her belly.
The demon screamed. Foam spewed from Iseo’s mouth. Together, Father Tomas and Celestino assaulted the unclean with the sacred psalm.
“I am called Zerkzian!” the demon wailed.
“I command you to leave this child of God.”
“No!” The demon refused. It feared its commander more than the present powers.
Candles flickered with no wind. Iseo’s body twisted until she screamed with agony. She cried out to Celestino, “Save him!”
The demon knew Iseo wanted the child inside of her more than her own life and he clutched the unborn from within. He bit and gnawed Iseo from inside, just beyond reach of the priest and his gargoyle warrior. “Por favor, Celestino!” Zerkzian mocked the pathetic woman.
“In the Name of God the Father.”
“No!” the demon screamed.
“God the Son.”
“Nooo!” the demon begged.
“God the Holy Spirit, leave this defenseless and innocent woman.”
“Never you idiot priest! Why would I be compelled to leave when this flesh feels so full of life. I can take her any time I desire.” The taunt speared Celestino, who roared with anger and grief. “I told you I possess greater power than you have dealings with.”
“I command you in His Holy name!” Father Tomas repeated the request to no avail. The demon’s hold was deep, and it was destroying Iseo. Celestino felt a unexpected lull of energy. He knew Iseo was leaving this life. No! No! No!
“Leave the room, Father!” Celestino bellowed. “Now!”
“If I leave, I cannot help you!” Father Tomas panicked.
“If you do not leave he will take them both. She is already slipping from this world. I can feel it! Get out!”
Father Tomas was not sure why he agreed, but he ran from the room and Celestino bolted the door behind him. When the bolt slammed shut with an iron clang, a roar shook the heavy oak door almost from its hinges. Father Tomas crossed himself, fell to his knees, and began praying until sweat stung his eyes. 
Iseo’s husband sank to the floor behind the priest and he prayed to Allah, because he knew in his soul that the lives of his wife and child depended on it. He had not believed in this possession, even when his physicians confirmed the fact. He did not believe in superstitions. He thought perhaps because Iseo had not observed all of Islam’s laws, she suffered. But the roar from within the chamber vibrated every rib and shook his doubt out like one shakes a floor covering clean. He feared for his family’s lives, for his own, and for the young priest facing the demon by himself. Allah save them!
*
Celestino knew that the only hope he had of saving Iseo and her child was if he faced the demon as a gargoyle. He tore his robe from his back. He pushed the power of the livingstone into his veins. His wings filled the room, knocking over candles on several table tops. He shook his huge leonine head and roared again, baring his fangs and claws. He stood on his hind legs and walked upright like a man toward the bed. “I will drag you from her, demon!” Celestino’s voice, an amalgamation of beast and man, growled roughly. A loud shattering and heavy thud to his left made the gargoyle take his eyes from the demon and Iseo.
A tall, dark hooded figure appeared from behind a pillar. “Ah, Celestino, I presume.” His voice rolled like a wave toward the upright winged lion. 
The demon clapped its hands and laughed with glee. “I told you! I have held her as you commanded, my master,” the demon spoke through Iseo’s mouth.
Celestino’s roar filled the room, “Tanuicus!”
Outside in the hall, Father Tomas heard the name. Holy Mother of God. Save them. Por favor save them all! 
“It is I. Whom else were you expecting?” Tanuicus lifted his hands and removed the hood from his head. His golden hair spilled out. His eyes shone like blue jewels. “Why so vexed, my Brother?”
“We are not Brothers,” Celestino sneered.
“I beg difference. You and I are made from the same stone.”
“I honor my vow to God. You betrayed it.”
“How virtuous,” Tanuicus taunted. “How does loving this pathetic woman honor your vow?”
The truth paralyzed Celestino. He fell to all fours, growling and shaking his mane.
“It is not so easy to maintain one’s loyalty when the heart is involved. And we gargoyles are all heart, are we not? The Makers forgot that little detail in our training. Our heart is our greatest strength, and our deepest weakness. You have fallen prey to…the weak.”
The floor beneath them shifted as if on sand.
“What?” asked Tanuicus.
A thunderous quake shook the room. The furniture jostled and slid across the floor. Tanuicus grabbed the pillar to steady himself and Celestino balanced uneasily on all four claws. A blinding, dazzling light filled the room. 
“Show yourself that I may know my champion!” Celestino roared and reared up on two legs. The Archangel hovered above the floor. His rose-gold amour gleamed brightly from the light emanating from his very presence. The span of his silver feathers reached almost the entire length of the room. Through his gargoyle eyes, Celestino recognized him immediately. “Father Avriel!” he growled. 
“Archangel Avriel!” A wicked smile spread across his face. “It is time to cast the unclean back to Hell.” He landed on the ground and pulled his mighty sword from the scabbard across his back. “Which foe do you claim Celestino?”
“My own kind!” He leapt at Tanuicus, front claws extended, fangs bared. Tanuicus fell to the ground, momentarily stunned.
The Archangel took three solid strides toward the demon. It shrieked in the presence of the divine warrior. “I command you, demon, to release this woman servant of God, His chosen Maker, and release also her child.”
Tanuicus pushed his wings forth revealing himself as a massive eagle. He sank his dreadful beak into Celestino’s muscled neck. The lion’s mane prevented what should have been a death blow. The powerful bite merely punctured the lion’s hide. Celestino roared and snapped his terrifying jaws at the grotesque bird of prey. There may have been beauty once in his form, but Celestino could see no trace of it now.
Iseo, under possession of the damned, pulled something from under her bed covering. She clutched it in her hand and the demon called to Tanuicus, “Use the words and cast her to Hell forever!”  
The Archangel caught a glimpse of the reddish stone in Iseo’s hand. “Celestino!” he bellowed like a storm. “She has a Soul Casting stone in her hand!” 
Celestino had Tanuicus by the neck and flung him across the room where he landed with a crash into a wall. He leapt to the Archangel’s side, who had wrested the vile stone from Iseo’s grasp. 
“You realize the price of one life?” Zerkzian asked Celestino.
“I will have them both, demon.”
“No, you will not. You will cast me back, but I will not go empty handed.”
 “Not if I can help it.”
The demon gripped Iseo’s arm, twisting it until she screamed. She gulped air like an exhausted dog. He bit her neck from the inside, until blood flowed on the outside
“Celestino…,” Iseo whispered. “I will make it easy for you.”
“Do not give in to it, my Maker. Stay with me.”
Tanuicus appeared at the edge of the bed in his glorious human form. “I have already spoken the incantation, with one exception.”
“What is the exception?” Archangel Avriel demanded. 
“I cannot stay with you, Celestino. He will take the child. I cannot live if he does,” Iseo cried.
 “The exception is, I have not spoken the name of the intended soul,” he smiled at his enemies. “I win either way.”
“Noooo!” Celestino roared against the pain.
“I give myself to you Zerkzian.” Iseo spoke the words to save her child.
“Freely? You will give up your soul?” the demon questioned.
“If you honor the life of my child,” Iseo said.
“He has no honor!” Celestino growled.
“I will,” Zerkzian promised with a hiss.
Tanuicus spoke, “Iseo.”
“It is done,” Iseo whispered, looking to Celestino for understanding. “Forgive me.”
“Iseo!” the gargoyle roared.
“She is mine,” Zerkzian’s snarl morphed to wicked grin. “Mine!” And with that Iseo was gone. Her body lay lifeless, crumpled and bloodied, on filthy sheets. Her soul captive in Hell forever because of the Soul Casting stone. Her soul now damned to wander in sulfur and ash and fire. Forever. A moth fluttered in and flew straight for a small flame, flickering with life in the hearth, where it incinerated itself with a small crackle.
The emptiness forced a howl from his Celestino’s chest that racked the timbers with its wretchedness. The child must be saved. Celestino felt the tiny heart beat weakening. He used his claw to rip the womb open and pull the squalling child into the light. Its unfocused eyes blinked at him as he transformed once again into his human form. Tears of sangre pooled in his eyes. She is gone. Zerkzian was gone. The child remained. So be it. A warm, wet tear of sangre fell onto the babe’s forehead. Celestino pulled a sheet from the bed and wrapped the child in it. 
The Archangel spoke to comfort his fellow warrior, “Vengeance belongs to God, Celestino.” 
“Why could you not save her?” Celestino asked. 
“The incantation had been spoken. Even I can not undo what Lucifer’s Tear set in motion.”
“Why did God not hear my pleas above the din?”
“His Law is His own. I do as the Most High commands. I was commanded to stop the flood of souls through Hell’s Gate from Santiago. And I have done so. You have been commanded to save souls trapped by demons. It is best you remember your purpose, Celestino.” There was neither compassion nor remorse in Archangel Avriel’s voice, but Celestino felt there was an understanding between them of all that had transpired. 
“Will you leave Compostela now?”
“I am your watcher. I will never be too far away. You have more training to complete. Tanuicus yet remains. He will not likely forget that you are here.”
“I will tear his neck from his body,” Celestino snarled.
“He did not reveal his full strength to you. Beware of him. Train. Have faith.” With one tremendous flap of his wings, the Archangel shot straight up through the chamber, which opened into the blue sky. In an instant, the room closed up again. Celestino unlocked the door. He was met with astounded stares by all, as they stood stunned to muteness. He stood naked cradling the blessed, pathetic bundle. The livingstone’s power not yet fully faded and the shimmer of being in the Archangel’s presence lingered. In the silence, the child wailed and broke the awestruck tension. Amat braved crossing the awkward scene, grabbing the child from the sangre and sweat soaked priest. 
“She is gone. I could not save her.”
“Many thanks, Father. May Allah bless you,” Iseo’s husband said. “You have saved my son.” The king removed his outer robe, handing it to the priest.
“I want no thanks. I was not strong enough to save her. I made promise. I kept it.”
“My gratitude all the same,” the king said, bowing his head to Celestino. “If you have need of anything, all you need do is ask.”
“I desire cleansing…of this flesh.”
“My apologies, Father. I will have a bath drawn for you. Wine? Food? You must be famished, no?”
“Wine.”
“As you wish,” the king said. He clapped his hands and several servants appeared. “Bring the priest refreshment. My best. And have the women draw him a bath.” He turned to the priest. “Excuse me now. I must see to my Iseo.”
Celestino flinched at the intimate way al-Nassir spoke of his Maker. He watched with growing empathy as the king gently covered Iseo’s wretched body and cradled her lifeless form in his arms and wept. The king could do what he could not. Celestino’s suffering would remain his alone to bear. There is no door, but your return to flesh, that can contain this grief.
“I have never known you to ask for wine,” Father Tomas’s observation brought Celestino back to the present moment.
“This day will be my first. What is this day’s number?”
“It is late June, the twenty-first.”
“I will drink wine on this twenty-first of June. Until a day arrives when I am no more.” 
“Will you be—”
“No more talk, Father. I wish to be alone. I am alone.”
“I understand.”
Celestino turned away as he spoke, “No. No, you do not.” Father Tomas could not understand the loss of a Maker for a gargoyle. The Makers grounded them in some way. He had not realized how entwined Iseo’s very essence was with his existence, until it was no longer there. Even in her absence from his daily life, he had not understood her power over him. It was only in her death that he realized she was his tether to this earth. Now, he would be forced to navigate the world alone.
*
In the bath, the solitude offered no comfort. The ache in his chest increased with each passing moment. The women emptied more pitchers of hot water into the tub. An image of Iseo reaching across his chest during his ritual bath flashed into his mind. He realized that for his entire existence he would have to live with all the memories and images of Iseo. In the days to come, he would have to reconcile all these things in his heart, but this day was not the day.
“Get out,” he grumbled at the servants. They scurried from the room. Celestino did not wish to share his grief with anyone. He wanted aloneness. His tears of sangre fell into the water swirling into pink trails. 
This day God did not hear his voice above the din. This day there was no miracle. 
 “I cannot keep this life of mine any longer.” Tristan said three times, “Isolde, my friend.” And in saying it the fourth time, he died. 
Then throughout the house, the knights and comrades of Tristan wept out loud, and they took him from his bed and laid him on a rich cloth, and they covered his body with a shroud. But at sea the wind had risen; it struck the sail fair and full and drove the ship to shore, and Isolde the Fair set foot upon the land. She heard loud mourning in the streets, and the tolling of bells in the ministers and the chapel towers; she asked the people the meaning of the knell and of their tears. 
An old man said to her: “Señora we suffer a great grief. Tristan, that was so loyal and so right, is dead. He was open to the poor; he ministered to the suffering. It is the chief evil that has ever fallen on this land.”
But Isolde, hearing them, could not answer them a word. She went up to the palace, following the way, and her cloak was random and wild. The Bretons marveled as she went; nor had they ever seen a woman of such beauty, and they said: “Who is she, or whence does she come?”
Near Tristan, the Señora of the White Hands crouched, maddened at the evil she had done, and calling and lamenting over the dead man. The other Isolde came in and said to her: “Señora, rise and let me come by him; I have more right to mourn him than you have—believe me. I loved him more.”
And when she had turned to the east and prayed to God, she moved the body a little and lay down by the dead man, beside her friend. She kissed his mouth and his face, and clasped him closely; and so gave up her soul, and died beside him of grief for her lover.
 
Aftermath
In 1212 AD, Al-Nassir was defeated and killed in battle. Iseo’s body was exhumed and taken back to Santiago de Compostela for proper Christian burial. The Fathers buried her in the center of the common Garden and a great flowering tree was placed over her grave. Iseo’s son was educated for a time among the Brothers of the Church, and returned to his grandfather at his majority. The unexpected and forbidden love of Iseo and Celestino lives on in myth and fairy tales. And a lost diary...

