MY SCIENCE TEACHER IS A WIZARD
Book 1 in the 'Stewards of Light' series
by Duane L. Ostler
Published on Smashwords by Duane L. Ostler
Copyright 2014 Duane L. Ostler
All rights reserved. This book may not be reproduced, copied or distributed without the express permission of the author. If you would like to share this book with someone, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it or have it purchased for you, please purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the work of this author
Cover art: S.D. Ehrhart, "Superstition Has Always Ruled the World," in Puck magazine, 1901.
TABLE OF CONTENTS
CHAPTER 1 - The Man in the Lumpy, Grey Suit
CHAPTER 2 - What Do You Think of Science?
CHAPTER 3 - The Electrifying Experience of Phillip Booth
CHAPTER 4 - It’s Only a Textbook
CHAPTER 5 - The Substitute
CHAPTER 6 - Protections
CHAPTER 7 - An Explanation that Wasn’t
CHAPTER 8 - A Visit to the Cooks
CHAPTER 9 - The Awful Truth
CHAPTER 10 - An Unexpected Choice
CHAPTER 11 - The Test of Power
CHAPTER 12 - It Was Only a Dream
Sneak Peak from book 2 of the Stewards of Light series - Chapter 1 of "My Math Teacher is a Vampire"
The Stewards of Light Series - List of Titles

CHAPTER 1 - The Man in the Lumpy, Grey Suit
It was a horrible first day of fifth grade. Rain was pouring down when my Dad dropped me off at the sagging entrance to Millard Fillmore Middle School. I slipped on the stairs going up to my first class, and my books went flying all over the place. They had spaghetti for lunch—which I hate, since it reminds me how weak and flabby my arms are—and the official school bully Donny Poindexter made fun of my name in the hall, asking how vomit water like me could be dry, and why I didn’t just dry up and blow away.
I couldn't blame Poindexter really, since a name like mine--Blake Drywater--was sure to stir up trouble. Poindexter was just following his natural instincts to make fun of it. The truth is, most kids couldn’t help smiling when they heard my name for the first time. Sometimes they'd blurt out some comment about how water can’t be dry. It was even worse if they took time to think about my first name, ‘Blake.’ Take away the ‘B’ and you had a ‘lake’ of drywater. Mom and Dad had obviously been out of their minds when they named me.
My stomach was gurgling unhappily as I headed to my sixth period class--science. It was upstairs and down the hall with some of the other science classrooms, as far from the principal's office as possible. Principal Clark didn't like to smell gaseous things made in science classes.
“Hi, Blake!” said an annoyingly cheerful voice behind me. Turning, I saw gossipy Mary Ellen Paul, who had been in some of my classes last year. She was the only kid I knew that actually liked science and math, and all those boring subjects. She was also one of those kids who always got good grades, and then had to let everyone know about it. In fact, she also let them know about everything else too, since she was the official school gossip.
“Hi, Mary Ellen,” I replied unenthusiastically. 
“What class do you have next?" she asked excitedly. She was a pest.
“Science,” I replied, trying to sound as bored as possible.
“Really?” said Mary Ellen happily. “I had science already, in 4th period. Mr. Hornsby is my science teacher. He's got a table full of chemistry tubes for his students to use. They say sometimes they bubble over, and the chemicals fall on the floor and eat their way down to the first floor classroom underneath.”
“Thrilling,” I said in an unthrilled voice. I was suddenly grateful she'd had science already, so there was no chance she would be in my class. An enthusiastic, pesty Mary Ellen all year long would be more than I could take. 
I started walking again, hoping she would take the hint I didn't want to talk to her. She didn't, of course. Girls like Mary Ellen were creepy.
“Who do you have for science?" Mary Ellen asked, as she walked along beside me. Grumbling under my breath, I pulled out the mangled paper that had all my classes listed on it. "Mr. Marlin," I said in a dull voice. Mary Ellen smiled in a way that made my stomach crawl.
"Really?" she said happily. "I heard he’s a new science teacher here."
My stomach curdled some more. If he was a new teacher he was probably some young guy fresh out of college. That meant he would be full of enthusiasm about science, just like Mary Ellen Paul. 
I felt kind of sick, and reaching into my jeans for the pocket watch Grandpa had given me. It was a round, gold watch on a chain, with the face of the watch covered by a little door. When I opened it, the watch face under the hands was a bit battered and cracked. On one side it was completely ripped out and gone altogether, leaving an empty space next to a bunch of rusty looking, moving gears. It was a lousy watch, but it still kept good time and I liked it anyway. Whenever I got nervous or worried, I would pull it out and start swinging it around by its chain—which is what I did now.
A shadow suddenly crossed the path in front of me. Looking up, I saw the bully Donny Poindexter standing there. He was as big as a tank, and was the toughest, meanest kid I’d ever known. He loved to pulverize weaker kids who had arms as thin as pieces of spaghetti—arms like mine.
Mary Ellen frowned at him, then turned and started walking away. "See you later, Blake," she said annoyingly over her shoulder.
Poindexter smiled in cruel glee at what she'd said. It was obvious he couldn't pass up the chance to comment on it. "Going to take your girlfriend to the movies after school, vomit water?" he sneered at me. I suddenly found myself wishing I'd come down with the German Measles, or some other disease that would last nine months until school was over.
"She's not my girlfriend," I said emphatically. I tried to walk around him, which was no easy task he was so big. "I've got to hurry or I'll be late for science," I added in a voice that wouldn't even convince me. The hurry was obviously not about getting to hated science class, but getting away from him.
"Science, eh?" said Poindexter with a wicked grin, stepping in front of me and blocking my path. "Who's your teacher?"
"Mr. Marlin," I said in a faint voice. My heart sank as his wicked grin grew even broader. That could only mean one thing--he had the same class!
"Cool," he said, reaching out and starting to crush my puny wrist. "I've got the same class." I smiled unhappily. Having him in one of my classes was like getting a paper cut on my tongue.
Suddenly, I looked up. A man I had never seen before was standing not far away, looking down on us. He was obviously one of the teachers, but no teacher I'd ever seen looked like he did. He had a long gray beard and bushy eyebrows. He wore a lumpy, gray suit and looked like he had just come out of a science fiction movie. At the sight of him, Poindexter let go of my flabby arm and headed quickly down the hall. He'd always found it safest to not torture his fellow students in front of watching adults.
The man smiled at me. I looked quickly away, and started twirling Grandpa's pocket watch again. But when I looked back, the strange man was still staring at me. And as I looked into his eyes, the strangest thing happened. The light around him seemed to fade, while his droopy, watery eyes suddenly expanded and grew as big as two large, bloodshot mud puddles. Those mud puddles seemed to pierce right into me, as if he was reading something written on the inside of my eyeballs.
And then suddenly, everything was normal again. The light had come back, and the mud puddle eyeballs were back to their normal, ugly size. The weird bearded guy smiled at me with his gray teeth, then waved. 
I didn’t wave back or smile. What had just happened? Was I going nuts? 
I didn’t wait around to try to figure it out. I just darted quickly down the hall toward my science class and was gone.

CHAPTER TWO - What Do You Think of Science?
A few minutes later I was sitting in my science class, wishing the day was over. This had been the worst first day of school possible. Why did summer vacation have to end? Why couldn’t it be nine months long, and school just three months? 
The only good thing about today was that this was my sixth out of eight classes, and the school day was nearing an end. Too bad I now had to suffer through an hour of science, which was one of my least favorite subjects. Why did they ever have to invent it?
The bell hadn’t rung yet, and kids were still coming into the room. Donny Poindexter came in and sneered at me as he took a seat next to mine. He was followed by Sam Bowly, a greasy kid I knew from last year. After that was Heidi Kirchner, who liked to yank people’s backpacks off in the hall. This was going to be a fun class.
The bell finally rang. The new teacher was nowhere in sight. Looking around me I saw there were 21 other kids in the class. The ones I knew all had bad reputations, or were school outcasts, geeks and nobodies. The ones I didn’t know all looked like they had bad reputations or were school outcasts, geeks and nobodies. Not one of them looked happy to be there. Boy, this REALLY was going to be a fun class. I pulled out Grandpa’s pocket watch and started to twirl it around.
A man suddenly entered the room. It was that same weird guy from the hall, with the long grey beard, bushy eyebrows and mud puddle eyes! His grey suit that looked lumpy and old.
“Good morning class,” he said, even though it wasn’t morning. “I’m happy to see you all so enthusiastic for our first lesson.”
No one answered him. We looked about as enthusiastic as a bunch of sleeping turtles. 
He smiled at us all, and I could see that what I'd noticed when I first saw him in the hall a few minutes ago was true--his teeth looked as gray as his beard. “I think we’ll start with a few questions. Mr. Poindexter, you first.” 
Mr. Marlin was looking right at Donny, who nearly fell out of his chair. How had Mr. Marlin known his name? None of our other teachers knew our names!
“My question, Mr. Poindexter, is this,” said Mr. Marlin, turning to the whiteboard. “I want you to tell me exactly what you think of science, so I can write it down. Go ahead.”
Donny hesitated, obviously confused. Anybody with brains would know that when a teacher asked something like that, he had to answer by saying something silly about how much he liked science, even though he didn’t. If he were to say what he REALLY thought of it, he’d probably be expelled for using bad language. 
But it was unclear whether Donny had enough brains to figure that out. 
“Uh, well …” he stammered after a minute. “Science is … uh … nice.” 
It looked like he did have enough brains, after all.
Mr. Marlin had been standing with his back to us, his hand ready to write down Donny’s answer on the board. For a second, he didn’t move. Then he slowly turned around and looked at Donny with a gaze that would have melted granite.
“Nice?” he repeated in an icy voice. “You honestly think that science is nice?”
Donny shrank down in his chair. Some kids in the class chuckled. The rest of us smiled, happy to see Donny being put in his place. It was a rare sight.
“Yes, sir,” said Donny glumly. “It’s nice.”
Mr. Marlin gazed at Donny for a moment, then smiled slowly. It wasn’t a mean smile, but it wasn’t a friendly one either. His eyes crinkled when he smiled, in a way that made you think of the Grand Canyon.
“Now, Mr. Poindexter,” said Mr. Marlin slowly. “I happen to know that you enjoy teasing your fellow students, just for fun. I know that you put spaghetti on the chair of Mrs. Yardley, the school counselor, right before she sat down today at lunch. She has gone around since then with a big red stain on her dress.”
Several kids laughed, but most of us stared, wide-eyed. How had he known Donny did that? Most of us had seen the dress, but didn’t know that Donny was the one who did it.
Poor Donny was so red in the face he looked like Rudolph, the red-nosed reindeer.
“And,” continued Mr. Marlin, “I know that your favorite thing to do when you get home from school is to take a sling shot and roam through your neighborhood, looking for cats and dogs to shoot.”
Donny slumped down further in his chair. The rest of us stared with even wider eyes.
“Knowing all this,” said Mr. Marlin casually, as if everyone knew it somehow, “I also know that you do NOT think that science is nice.”
He turned back to the whiteboard. “Now,” he said firmly. “Once more, Mr. Poindexter. Tell me EXACTLY what you think of science.”
Poor Donny looked stricken, as if he had just found out he drank a soda someone had spit into. Finally he stammered in a voice you could hardly hear, “I think science is stupid.”
The classroom was deathly silent. Donny had just broken the unwritten law of school. You should NEVER tell a teacher that what he teaches is stupid.
“Excellent!” cried Mr. Marlin, writing the word ‘STUPID’ on the board. “Well done. I happen to know that is exactly what you think of science.”
He turned suddenly to Sam Bowly. “What do YOU think of science, Mr. Bowly?”
Sam jumped as if he had been stung. He looked at Mr. Marlin as if he were in pain, then said softly in his greasy voice, “I think the same as Poindexter.”
“Excellent!” said Mr. Marlin, turning to write the word ‘STUPID’ again on the board. “And how about you, Mr. Drywater?”
I suddenly felt like throwing up. I tried to open my mouth, but it didn’t seem to work right. My mouth really DID feel like it was drywater. Grandpa's watch had been sitting idly in my hands, but now I started twirling it furiously.
Mr. Marlin turned to look at me. His gaze seemed to see right through me, as if he could read everything in my brain like it was written in a book.
What was I to do? If I said science was stupid (which is what I secretly felt), I might end up in the principal’s office with Poindexter and Bowly. After all, I knew that some teachers were weird and couldn't be trusted. Maybe Mr. Marlin was toying with us, trying to trap us.
But if I said science was ‘nice,’ or something silly like that, then Sam and Donny would look bad. Then they’d probably want to have a little ‘talk’ with me about it after class.
I decided to go with stupid. After all, wasn’t honesty the best policy? “I think that Donny and Sam are right,” I squeaked at last. My watch was moving so fast, it was just a gold blur.
“Excellent!” said Mr. Marlin, turning back to the board and writing the word ‘STUPID’ again.
Everyone in class was looking around at each other, smiling, not knowing what to think. This was weird. 
“Is there anyone here who has a different opinion of science than Mr. Poindexter, Mr. Bowly and Mr. Drywater?” said Mr. Marlin. No one moved or said a word.
“Excellent!” said Mr. Marlin. He turned and wrote the word ‘STUPID’ on the whiteboard 19 more times. Then he turned to look at us.
“I suppose,” he said slowly, “that what you’re all thinking right now is that I am going to tell you that you’re wrong, that science is wonderful, and that this year in school I will show you that science is anything but stupid. But secretly, you won’t believe me, will you? And you don’t plan to change your opinion of science no matter what I say. Isn’t that so?”
No one answered. That’s exactly what we had all been thinking.
“Well, you’re wrong!” said Mr. Marlin firmly. He walked slowly and deliberately to the back of the room, where he pulled some pieces of lint out of his lumpy suit pocket, and dropped them on the floor. Then he removed a pencil from behind his ear, and pointed it at the whiteboard. “I am now going to write on the board exactly what I think of science.” He pointed at the whiteboard with his pencil. 
We had all been looking at him. Now, when we looked back at the board, we were shocked to see that all 22 STUPIDs had disappeared. And while we watched with eyes so big it looked like they would pop out of our heads, the following words appeared magically on the whiteboard, somehow written by Mr. Marlin with his pencil from the back of the room:
I think science is DANGEROUS!

CHAPTER THREE - The Electrifying Experience of Phillip Booth
No one said a word. We were all staring at the words that had appeared on the board with huge eyes. I noticed that Heidi Kirchner’s eyes were open so wide, her face looked like a lobster with two boiled eggs in its eye sockets.
Mr. Marlin paced slowly to the front of the room. “I can see from the bored expressions on your faces—close your mouth, Poindexter, or a fly might go in and suffocate—that you don’t believe me.” He turned to stare at us, while Poindexter snapped his mouth closed. “I will therefore provide you with an example of exactly what I mean.” He turned to a nasty looking boy with a black eye and a scar from his chin to his nostril. “Mr. Steel, please tell us who discovered electricity.”
Steel just sat there speechless. Like all of us, his feeble mind was still trying to figure out how Mr. Marlin had written on the whiteboard with his pencil from the back of the room.
“I can tell by your quick response,” said Mr. Marlin, “that you consider the question too childish to answer.” He turned to a girl dressed all in black, who had a skull and crossbones painted on each one of her fingernails. “Miss Angel, perhaps you could answer the question for us. Who discovered electricity?”
Miss Angel just looked back at him with glazed eyes. “My, aren’t we all talkative today?” said Mr. Marlin. “You were all making so much noise that I couldn’t hear Miss Angel’s answer. But I am confident she said—as I’m sure each one of you would have said—that most historians agree that Benjamin Franklin discovered electricity.”
Suddenly a jump rope appeared in Mr. Marlin’s hand. Where had it come from? And what on earth was he going to do with it?
“It is now my sad duty,” said Mr. Marlin while unwinding the jump rope, “to inform you that you are wrong. Mr. Franklin did not discover electricity. A man named Phillip Booth did. He lived in Halifax, England, and made his discovery in the year 1703, many years before Franklin did his kite flying thing with the key. We are now going to visit Mr. Booth in 1703, and discover just exactly why I think science is dangerous.”
Mr. Marlin handed one end of the jump rope to a big boy whose nose looked like it had been broken in dozens of fights. “Mr. Tyson, would you please hold one end of this jump rope.” Tyson took it without comment. Mr. Marlin handed the other end to a girl with huge glasses wearing a purple dress that looked fifty years old. “And Miss Wall, would you mind holding the other end.” She also took it without saying a word.
“Now, if you will all please stand up and move your desks against the wall, to make room for the jump rope.” Slowly we all stood up, and with a great deal of noise, moved our desks back. This whole thing was getting weirder and weirder. What on earth did a jump rope have to do with some guy in England discovering electricity, or with the fact that science was supposed to be dangerous?
“Now, Mr. Tyson and Miss Wall, please start turning the jump rope, so that we can jump through it.” They started to swing the rope. At any other place or time, if they had done this Donny Poindexter and his crew would have had a heyday making fun of them for playing a girlie, baby game—but not here. No one said a word. 
And then a collective gasp went up from the class. When we looked into the air inside the swinging jump rope, instead of seeing our classroom on the other side, we could see what looked like the English countryside!
“Now, Mr. Tyson and Miss Wall, please be good enough to let go of the rope.” They did—and each end of the rope just stayed in the air without falling! And the rope kept swinging around as if two invisible people on each end were still turning it!
“And now, class,” said Mr. Marlin, “please follow me. And please try to jump through without touching the rope. A rather nasty result might happen if you do.” 
And then he jumped through the swinging rope as if he were a 6 year old girl who had been skipping rope all her life. We could see him smiling and waving to us in the English countryside on the other side of the rope. 
“Come on through!” he shouted to us, in a voice that sounded as if it were coming from far away. “You first, Poindexter! Then Mr. Steel.”
Donny Poindexter looked red as a beet. He hadn’t jumped rope since kindergarten. But if he didn’t jump through, what might Mr. Marlin do to him? After all, the guy could do things that no one else could! What type of discipline would a teacher like that dish out? Mr. Marlin was obviously not someone you said ‘no’ to. Somehow you just couldn’t.
And so, Donny jumped through the rope, and landed on the other side next to Mr. Marlin. We could see him staring bug-eyed around him at the countryside.
Steel followed. When he jumped through, a piece of the rope touched his pants. We heard a crackling sound and a sizzle, and when Steel got to the other side in England, we could see a black line on his pants that looked like it had been burned on with a blowtorch. Steel started hopping around like he was on fire.
“I warned you,” said Mr. Marlin casually, as if it really didn’t matter. “Please try to avoid touching the rope, unless you enjoy the sensation of being burned.”
We each gulped in fear. This was crazy! I was standing in science class watching my fellow students jump through a rope swinging itself that could burn them, and staring into what looked like the English countryside! This couldn’t be happening! 
As if he had read my mind, Mr. Marlin called out my name. “Mr. Drywater, don’t stand there so boredly. Come on through. And the rest of you, please follow. We must complete our journey before the end of class, you know.”
I swallowed hard, trying to fight down a feeling of panic. I was twirling my watch so fast it looked like an airplane propeller. Everyone was staring at me. If I didn’t go through that rope, I’d be labeled as ‘chicken’ and never be able to set foot in this school again. The goons in this class would see to that! But if I did go through, and hit that rope, then—
I closed my eyes and jumped through the rope, before I could think anymore. When I opened them, I was standing in the English countryside. Mr. Marlin was looking down at me, his eyes twinkling. “Well done, Mr. Drywater. Nothing like taking on a challenge with your eyes wide open!”
I stared around me in wonder, hardly able to believe what I was seeing. This really was the English countryside! I could feel a cool breeze on my face, and smelled the fragrance of a pig farm, not far away. The rope was still turning in mid air, and I could see my classroom through it, and my fellow students standing scared on the other side, getting ready to jump through. But scared or not, one by one the class jumped through the rope.
“Well done, class,” said Mr. Marlin when the last kid was through. “You made it through with only a few minor burns. Miss Snarch, I would advise you to use the creek over there to put out the fire in your dress. The rest of you, follow me.”
While Snarch ran screaming to the creek and jumped in, the rest of us followed Mr. Marlin up a gentle hill, heading toward a small cottage we could see at the top. “You needn’t worry about being noticed,” said Mr. Marlin. “No one here will see or hear you. So you can keep up your chatter if you’d like. Just hold it down so that you can hear me if I happen to call your name.”
None of us had said a word since the magic writing had appeared on the whiteboard. We followed Mr. Marlin stupidly, our brains still stretching, trying to figure out what was going on. He just smiled at us as if jumping through a magical jump rope into England happened every day.
“Here we are!” said Mr. Marlin with a flourish as we arrived at the gate of the cottage. The gate had chipped, white paint on it, and was partly broken. The cottage also looked old and run down, as if it hadn’t been fixed up in a long time. “Beautiful place, isn’t it?” said Mr. Marlin with a smile. “Makes you want to take a picture, doesn’t it? And maybe have it made into a puzzle or a mousepad?”
No one answered. Suddenly, the cottage door opened with a bang. A man stepped out. He was shabbily dressed, and was carrying a ladder. He was followed by a woman, equally shabby. She had a permanent scowl on her face.
“Ah!” said Mr. Marlin. “Here is Mr. Phillip Booth and his lovely, pleasant wife. Such a happy couple!” He sighed contentedly.
As Snarch caught up with us, dripping from the creek water, the sour faced woman started talking to her husband, in a whining grumpy voice that matched her face.
“You no-good lout! You’re going to do it again, aren’t you? Waste the day away when there’s farm work to be done! Do you think the crop is going to harvest itself? Look at this dump! Our house is falling apart, our hay is rotting in the fields, and you go around with your silly ladder, babbling something about some unseen power source that everybody but you knows doesn’t exist!”
The man didn’t answer, but quietly put the ladder against the side of his cottage and climbed up to the grass-covered thatched roof. He stepped carefully across the roof to the very top, no doubt trying to avoid soft spots that would send him tumbling through and into the house below.
“And just what do you think you’re going to accomplish up there?” yelled his wife after him. “Get yourself killed, as like as not. And if you don’t fall, you’re just going to sit there like a fool and wait for a storm, like you do every day! I should have listened to mother and married that street beggar instead of you. At least he has a full cup of coins at the end of each day!”
Mr. Marlin turned to us, a pleasant smile on his grey-bearded face. “Mrs. Booth, as you can see, is a great support and helpmeet to her husband. Without her constant encouragement, it isn’t likely he could have made any progress in his discovery!”
“I’ve had just about all of this nonsense that I can take!” continued Mrs. Booth. “Either you come down here this instant, or I’m going into town and get the constable, and tell him you’ve finally gone completely bonkers. They’ll take you away to the asylum, you know! And who’ll do the farm work then?”
Mr. Booth didn’t answer, but just peered around hopefully at the sky. Apparently, he was indeed looking for a storm, just as his wife had said. 
And he wasn’t disappointed. A dark cloud sat smudged across the sky, not far away. It seemed to be getting closer and darker every second. A happy, toothless smile spread over Mr. Booth’s face. He suddenly pulled a long, metal pole out of his shirt, and held it hopefully up toward the cloud.
“As you can see,” said Mr. Marlin, “Mr. Booth has produced a primitive lightning rod, which he hopes will attract a bolt of lightning to come his way. His experiments so far have convinced him that there is a hidden power in the lightning—a power we know is electricity. Now, let’s watch and see him in his moment of triumph, as he completes his grandest experiment!”
Mr. Booth was still holding the lightning rod up toward the cloud, expectantly. Mrs. Booth had headed off down the hill, apparently going to town to carry out her threat of getting the constable. She was mumbling and cursing under her breath, and I was grateful I couldn’t hear what she was saying.
The dark cloud was drawing nearer. It now loomed over us so large and frightening that we all looked around uneasily. It was clearly time to go inside, or under shelter somewhere. It was going to be pouring rain any minute! 
But Mr. Marlin made no effort to move. His eyes were shining as he looked up at Mr. Booth, and he seemed to have forgotten that we were even there.
And then lightning struck. A brilliant bolt of it streaked across the sky, and struck Mr. Booth’s rod. He lit up like a Christmas tree. All his hair stuck straight out, and the tips of his shabby shoes caught fire. His eyes bulged in pain and shock, and he sizzled and crackled.
Then the lightning bolt disappeared. There was an ear-shattering clap of thunder, while Mr. Booth slumped to the roof of his cottage. The lightning rod slipped from his hands, rolled across the roof, and dropped into the yard below.
“As you can see,” said Mr. Marlin, raising his voice to be heard over the torrent of rain that suddenly poured all over us, “Mr. Booth has made his great discovery! He has confirmed that electricity does indeed exist. It is a thrilling moment of victory!”
Within a few seconds, we were all drenched. Staring up through the pouring rain at poor Mr. Booth, he looked anything but thrilled or victorious. In fact, he looked dead.
“I assure you, he is not dead,” said Mr. Marlin, as if he had read all of our minds. “He is merely … shall we say, shocked at the moment. He will recover in due time, and record his latest experiment in his journal, where he has kept careful notes of all his experiments on electricity. His encounter with lightning today will, admittedly, leave him a bit addled in his mind for the rest of his life, but such is the price of scientific progress!”
Mr. Marlin looked at us triumphantly, as if being drenched in an English countryside after watching someone be struck by lightning was a normal science class occurrence. 
And then, strangely, everything seemed to go blurry. I couldn’t see the cottage clearly, or Mr. Marlin, or Poindexter, or anyone. There was a strange buzzing in my ears, and it suddenly felt as if my stomach were being pulled out my big toe. 
Something was suddenly flashing in front of my eyes. It was a rope—the jump rope! It was swinging so fast it looked like when my mom beat eggs in the blender. I watched in fascination as one by one my classmates were sucked through the spinning rope at impossible speeds. 
I could tell it was just about my turn! There was no way I could go through that thing without being chopped in half by the rope! I closed my eyes. Better not to see it coming.
And then suddenly all was quiet. I opened my eyes. We were back in our classroom. The cottage was gone, the jump rope was gone, the desks were back in place, and we were all sitting in them as if we had never left. Everyone was perfectly dry—even Snarch, who had jumped in the creek—and we were all staring at Mr. Marlin, who was standing at the head of the classroom, holding his pencil. The whiteboard behind him still carried its message: 
I think science is DANGEROUS!
“Well, now, I think you all understand what I mean when I say that science is dangerous,” said Mr. Marlin casually. “Are there any questions?”
We all stared at him dumbly. We looked around at each other, uncertain what to say or do. Maybe I had dozed off and dreamed it all, while everybody else had stayed awake and listened to Mr. Marlin give a boring science lecture! It seemed impossible that we had been in the English countryside, being drenched by rain only a few seconds before!
Suddenly, a boy with glasses so thick they looked like foghorns, surprised us all by raising his hand. 
“Yes, Mr. Geake?” said Mr. Marlin. “What is it?”
“Was I dreaming, or did we just all go through a jump rope to England and watch some guy get struck by lightning?” Geake’s nose curled up, as if even it couldn’t believe he had asked the question that was in all of our minds.
“Ah, what is a dream?” said Mr. Marlin grandly, spreading his arms wide. “And what is reality? Who can tell, really?” Then he turned to stare straight at me. “What do you think, Mr. Drywater?”
My mouth suddenly felt like it was stuffed with cotton. “Well …” I stammered, not sure what to say. I wrenched out Grandpa's pocket watch, and started twirling it again. “It kind of seemed like it happened. And it didn’t really seem like a dream at the time.” 
To my surprise, I saw a look of relief come across the faces of almost every kid in the class. Each one of them must have been worried like me, that they had nodded off and dreamed it all, and snored in front of the whole class, and just woken up to find everyone looking at them.
“Profoundly said, Mr. Drywater,” said Mr. Marlin with a knowing look. “I can see that science has always been one of your favorite subjects.”
He turned toward the whiteboard, and with a wave of his hand, the writing disappeared. By now, we had already seen so many wild and fantastic things, that no one gasped. 
“Mr. Marlin,” said a sudden voice behind me. Turning, I was shocked to see Donny Poindexter raising his hand. For him to be asking a question in class was astounding. 
“Yes, Mr. Poindexter,” said Mr. Marlin with a smile.
“If Phillip Booth really did discover electricity, how come nobody knows about it?”
Mr. Marlin looked at Poindexter for a moment, making him squirm. Finally he said, “’Tis a sad tale, but it must be told. You may recall Mr. Booth’s loving and gentle wife, who gave him so much encouragement. Well, sad to say, she happened to burn his journal one night. Some say she did it on purpose out of malice, but of course, having seen her love and support for her husband, we know this is not the case.”
“So, naturally, there was nothing for Mr. Booth to show the world about his discovery and his experiments. Meanwhile, he was left so addled by his encounter with lightning that he began to imagine soon thereafter that he was a rabbit rather than a man. He spent most of his time munching on carrots and not saying anything, since as we all know, rabbits are very quiet creatures. Have you ever heard a rabbit talk, Miss White?” Mr. Marlin had suddenly turned on a girl at the back of the class who had a bad case of chapped lips.
“No,” she squeaked in a whisper.
“Neither have I,” replied Mr. Marlin calmly. 
Suddenly the bell rang, bringing us crashing back to reality. “Please take a science text book on your way out,” said Mr. Marlin unexpectedly, waving to a table full of text books next to the door that none of us had noticed being there before. The books looked like the normal, boring kind of books they always hand out on the first day of class. Each one said ‘SCIENCE!’ on the cover in bold orange letters—an obvious effort to make the dull contents of the book more attractive.
Mr. Marlin turned to the whiteboard and began to erase it, even though there was nothing to erase. He seemed to have completely forgotten that we even existed. Slowly we got out of our chairs and headed out the door, picking up a book on our way. No one said anything.
Once we were out in the hall, we just all looked at each other with silly grins on our faces. “That was wild!” said Donny Poindexter to no one in particular. And then he said something that no would have ever expected him to say: “I can’t wait until science class tomorrow!”

CHAPTER FOUR - It’s Only a Textbook
The next day, every seat in science class was filled five minutes before the bell rang. In fact, I had the misfortune of being the last one to reach class. Mary Ellen Paul had stopped me in the hall again to ‘chat.’
“My science teacher, Mr. Hornsby, is the most!” she had cried, grabbing my arm, and not letting me go even though I yanked and twisted to get away. “He let us mix a bunch of chemicals yesterday, on our first day in class!”
“That’s nice,” I said gruffly, kicking her in the shins. She immediately let go of my arm. “What’s the rush?” she asked curiously, while rubbing her shin. “You’re acting like you actually want to go to your next class! That’s not like you, Blake.”
She was right there. I’d never shown any more interest in school than I had to. “I’ve got to go to the bathroom before class!” I lied. Then I darted off before she could ask any more questions.
There was a low amount of chatter as I took my seat in science class. All around me I could hear statements like, “Can you believe what happened yesterday?” or “How did he do that thing with the jump rope?” or “Wasn’t it cool watching that guy get fried when he was hit by lightning?”
“Hey, Drywater!” called Donny Poindexter in his familiar, taunting voice. Reluctantly I turned to look at him. To my surprise, he didn’t sneer at me and share with the class how stupid I was, like he had always done in the past. Instead, he smiled at me and asked, “Did you tell anyone about what happened here yesterday?”
 “No,” I replied simply. And it was the truth. I had considered telling my older sister Cheryl, but she was too busy whining and complaining to Mom about her clothes to listen. I had tried to tell my younger brother Adrian, who was so annoyingly smart that I thought it would be a good chance to point out I could learn something in school like he did. But for some reason, when I tried to talk about Phillip Booth and how he discovered electricity, my mouth went dry, and I couldn’t say a thing.
“I tried to tell someone, but couldn’t!” spoke up Johnny Geake which wasn’t surprising, since he tried to live up to his name). “When I went to tell my Dad, no matter how hard I tried, I couldn’t force the words to come out! It was the craziest thing!”
To my amazement, Donny Poindexter didn’t throw his book (or anything else) at Geake like he usually did. Instead he said simply, “Same here, when I tried to tell my brother.”
Suddenly a hush fell over the class. Looking up, I saw that Mr. Marlin had entered, and was looking around at us as if he was surprised to see anyone in his classroom. He was wearing the same lumpy suit as yesterday, and his mustache and beard were white where he had drank a glass of milk and forgot to wipe his mouth.
“Good evening, students!” he said cheerfully, even though it wasn’t evening. “I’m sorry to see you all looking so bored and unexcited to be here today, unlike yesterday when you were all so excited and jabbering that it was hard for me to get a word in edgewise.”
No one answered. Some of the slower ones in class had a concentrated look on their faces, clearly trying to figure out what he meant by what he had just said. 
“In order to increase your level of excitement,” said Mr. Marlin as he took a seat at his desk, “please open your textbooks to page seven, and read the chapter on the inner earth. It’s such an enthralling piece of literature, I’m sure you’ll soon have a hard time keeping yourselves from jumping up and down on your desks.”
Everybody reached slowly for their bookbags and pulled out their SCIENCE! text. There were a few groans from around the room. After yesterday’s excitement, the prospect of reading a chapter of a dull textbook sounded about as much fun as pushing wet bamboo splinters under our fingernails.
“Mr. Marlin, sir,” said Geake, raising his hand. He was jumping up and down in his seat as if he needed to go to the bathroom.
“Yes, Mr. Geake,” said Mr. Marlin, peering at him over the top of his horn rimmed glasses. 
“About yesterday, I was wondering—“
“I never discuss past lessons!” said Mr. Marlin sharply. From nowhere, he pulled out what looked like a magazine. But it’s cover was completely blank! Casually he flipped through the pages. We couldn’t help but see that all of the pages were blank too! 
But apparently not to him. Finding something he liked, he started to read, his lips mouthing each invisible word as he did so.
“What’s he doing?” whispered Sam Bowly to no one in particular.
“It’s obvious, isn’t it?” said Poindexter under his breath. “He’s reading an invisible magazine. He can do that because He’s a wizard! I saw another magazine hanging out of his bag in the hall earlier today. It was called, ‘WIZARD’S WORLD.’”
“Let’s have less quiet, please,” said Mr. Marlin, thumbing through his magazine. “Too little chatter leads to trouble, you know.” He then seemed to ignore us completely, furrowing his brow at another article in the magazine that he must have found interesting.
Even though he had invited us to chatter—I guess (it was hard to tell just what he meant by what he said most of the time) most of us didn’t say anything. Except Clyde Steel, who mumbled fiercely, “I knew it was too good to last.” 
Slowly I opened my textbook to page seven. There was a picture of a bunch of dirt, with a statement below it that said, “Dirt—What the Earth is Made of!” I hadn’t been excited about dirt since kindergarten, when I tried eating a mud pie that a girl in kindergarten had made for me.
I started to read. The text was unbelievably dull. It was all about Magma and layers of shelf rock, and other dirt facts that were about as important and exciting as knowing how many blades of grass you have in your lawn. 
I looked up. Other people in the class were either reading or looking around bleary-eyed like I was, wondering how long they could stay awake reading such dullness. Mr. Marlin was still engrossed in his magazine. It was going to be a long hour until the class ended. I heard sighs and groans all around me. 
And then I heard a scream. Or rather, a yelp. Everyone in the room turned to stare at Johnny Geake, who was looking in horror at his text book. 
He looked up at us, his eyes wild (or at least, wilder than usual). “It bit me!” he said in disbelief. “It jumped out and bit me!”
In a rush, we all jumped up and peered over his desk. His text book was open to a page with a picture of a snake on it (he hadn’t been reading about dirt like he was supposed to). It looked like an ordinary snake and an ordinary picture.
Poindexter thumped Geake on the back (which must have hurt). “Why don’t you go wash your brain, Geake? Maybe then it’ll work right.”
“His brain’s too small to wash,” said Tyson. “It’ll go down the drain.”
“Is something the matter?” said Mr. Marlin, suddenly towering over us. Everyone went quickly back to his own desk, leaving Mr. Marlin standing over Geake.
“It bit me, Mr. Marlin,” said Geake, still in disbelief. “On the hand! Look!”
He held his hand up, and to the amazement of all, there were two bloody little holes above his thumb that looked exactly like a snake bite!
“My, my,” said Mr. Marlin, examining the thumb. “So it did. Well, it’s probably in a playful mood. Why don’t you see if it will do it again?”
“Will I die?” said Geake in a scared voice. “Is it a poisonous snake?” He stared down at the snake picture, reading the caption underneath.
“Oh, I’m sure it won’t hurt you,” said Mr. Marlin dismissively. “At least, not too much. The most it could cause is a mild case of textbookitis.”
“Textbookwhatus?” said Geake, looking up and blinking as if his mind were overloaded (which it probably was).
“Hey!” said Poindexter. “I’ve got my book open to the same page as Geake, but my snake won’t come out of the book.” He turned to stare back at Geake. “But there’s a snake bite on his hand! I don’t get it!”
“There’s nothing much to ‘get,’ as you call it,” said Mr. Marlin, returning to his desk. “Mr. Geake merely exercised his mind while reading—something that all of you do most of the time, I’m sure—and the text came alive. That’s all. I’m sure it’s a common occurrence for all of you.”
Mr. Marlin suddenly stopped and looked sharply at a girl who always wore clothes having massive tangles of flowers and vines on them. “How about you, Miss Root? Haven’t you ever become interested in a book so much that it came alive?”
“Well,” stammered Root, “I guess that kind of happened when I read ‘The Secret Garden.’”
“Not at all surprising,” said Mr. Marlin. “Every time I read the parts of ‘Tom Sawyer’ where he fights someone, I come away all black and blue.”
“You mean,” said Poindexter slowly, as if his brain were straining to comprehend, “if I read this text as if I’m interested in it, then it will come alive? I mean, REALLY alive?”
“Could be,” said Mr. Marlin casually as he took his seat at his desk, and picked up his magazine again. “Of course, it’s not likely to work if you only read ‘as if’ you were interested. You have to REALLY be interested—like Mr. Geake was about the snake.”
Poindexter’s face screwed up as if he was in pain. “Is that possible?” he said in a strained voice. “With a text book, I mean? They’re always so boring!”
“There’s only one way to find out,” said Mr. Marlin, thumbing through his magazine again. Suddenly he looked up at us over his horn rimmed glasses. “Only, take care to remember it is ONLY a text book. That is, if you find yourself in trouble.” Then his eyes glazed over and—completely ignoring us—he looked down at his magazine again, mumbling, “Now, where was that article on turning eyelashes into fish hooks?”
I stared down at my text book again, as if seeing it for the first time. The same picture of dirt stared back up at me. Poindexter was right. How could I ever get excited enough about dirt that it would come alive? I tried to force myself to read in an excited way. ‘The soil of this world is essential to earth’s ecosystem,’ I read in my mind. I tried to force the words to sound as thrilling as a new Star Wars movie. Nothing happened. 
I skipped down a few lines. ‘The earth’s inner core is mostly made up of iron,’ I read. I tried to add a mental exclamation point after each word. ‘The! earth’s! inner! core! is! mostly! made! up! of! iron!’ Still nothing happened.
Suddenly there was a scream from the back of the room. “Spiders!!” screeched Heidi Kirchner so piercingly that she probably broke all the glasses in the lunchroom down the hall. “They’re crawling all over me! HELP!”
Like everyone else in the class, I turned to stare at Heidi. There were no spiders on her at all. But she was dancing around and swatting at invisible things on herself as if she had completely lost her mind.
“There, there, Miss Kirchner,” said Mr. Marlin boredly, not bothering to rise from his desk. “Remember, it is only a text book after all.”
“But they’re alive!” screamed Kirchner with all her lungs. “And they’re crawling all over me!!” She ran out of the room and went screaming down the hall.
“My, what an excitable child,” said Mr. Marlin casually, turning a page in his magazine. A bunch of us got up and went over to Kirchner’s desk. Sure enough, her book was open to a picture of a swarm of spiders. The picture made my skin crawl, since I hated spiders. That was one page I would NOT try to make come alive.
Going back to my desk, I saw Poindexter staring at a picture of a massive shark in his science book. His face had a look of determined concentration on it. 
My skin started to crawl again. Let him have the shark. He was nuts anyway. I flipped through my text book, looking for something interesting. It all looked dull. There was a chapter about flowers and plants, another about reptiles (such as Geake’s snake), and another about animals. The book was like bottled dullness. How could anyone get excited over this stuff?
I kept flipping through the book. I came across a chapter on the solar system that didn’t look quite as bad as the rest of it (though it almost did). I started concentrating hard on a picture of the surface of the moon.
All of a sudden, Poindexter cried out from my left. “Wow!” he said ecstatically. “This is great! My shark is nuzzling me with his snout, trying to pick out which part of me to bite off first!” He had a frenzied look in his eyes, as if he were seeing something that none of the rest of us could see.
Suddenly he gazed down at his hand, while a look of shock and surprise came across his face. “He bit off my hand!” Then Poindexter’s hand vanished!
“Really, Mr. Poindexter,” said Mr. Marlin severely. “Must you provide a bite by bite account of what limbs you are losing to your shark?”
Poindexter didn’t seem to hear him. He closed his eyes and murmured, “It’s only a text book. It’s only a text book.” He looked so bizarre, it reminded me of Dorothy in the Wizard of Oz, saying over and over, ‘There’s no place like home.’ ‘There’s no place like home.’
Suddenly, Poindexter’s hand reappeared. His eyes popped open, and he looked at it gleefully. “I’ve got my hand back! Look everyone! My hand is back! It really is only a text book!” He held up his hand triumphantly, as if we had never seen it before, even though most of us had seen it plenty of times, crashing towards us in the shape of a fist.
I turned to stare back at my text book. If Poindexter could do it, so could I. I closed my eyes, imaging the surface of the moon. But still nothing happened.
“Oooh!” cried Patti Peterson (whose eyes twitched a lot). “I’m running through a field of daisies! And there’s butterflies everywhere!” 
Like many others in the class, I went over to her desk to see what page of the book she was on. To my surprise, there were no pictures on her page at all! There was just a bunch of boring text about daisies and other flowers, and how fields of flowers often had butterflies and bees swarming around. (Somehow Patti was ignoring the bees)
That must be the answer! I had been concentrating on the pictures, or trying to say words in the book in an exciting way, without paying any attention to what those words were telling me! To make something come alive, maybe I had to read as if it was real—and then it would be (or so I hoped).
I went back to my desk and began to read. It was slow going at first, because of all the screams, shouts, laughter, and horror cries all around me from my fellow students. “I’m being eaten by a moth!” screamed Tyson in terror. “My feet are being tickled by millions of maggots!” giggled Mary Wilson. “I’m being buried by a million tons of dirt!” yelled Clyde Steel in a crushed voice.
I glanced up at Mr. Marlin. He didn’t seem to care at all that his class was being dismembered, crushed or eaten. He was still flipping through his magazine, not paying any attention to the screams and pandemonium around him.
I turned back to my text book. There was NO way I was going to be the only one who didn’t get eaten, crushed, mangled or skewered. I’d never live it down. I could see it now—‘Hey, Drywater,’ Poindexter would say in the hall tomorrow. ‘Couldn’t even manage to get mangled, could you? You’re no good at ANYTHING.’
I started reading my text book again, about the surface of the moon. But it was hard to get my mind to accept the fact that something in a text book could be interesting. My brain seemed to have a natural reflex of instant boredom and yawning at anything textish in nature, just like a knee jerks when hit in the right spot.
I read some more. It was all about dirt again—only this time, the dirt was on the moon. What dull stuff! But what was this? Here was a part about asteroid showers. Billions of little rocks and pebbles, and bigger stones—some as big as a mountain—slamming into the surface of the moon. So that’s what made all those craters! I could picture it in my mind’s eye. A wild night on the moon. Massive pieces of rock screaming toward the surface at incredible speeds. And then some really big ones, so big that the crater they left could be plainly seen from thousands of miles away on earth. 
Here came one now. It was bigger than Texas. It was so big it was like a small world of its own, that could have plants growing on it, and critters running over its surface. It was hurtling toward me at incredible speed, and there was nothing I could do to stop it. In a matter of seconds I’d be flatter than a pancake! 
A sudden wave of terror washed over me. This was no daydream! This was real! I could feel the moon under my feet shudder as massive asteroids slammed into the ground all around me. And looming so large that it blocked out the sun and almost everything else was that massive chunk the size of Texas. It was going to smash me any second!! What had I done?!
Suddenly everything went dark. My mind seemed to have gone into some quiet, black place where I couldn’t see a thing. Had I been crushed by the asteroid? All of me that I could perceive was a tiny little voice saying over and over, ‘It’s only a text book.’ ‘It’s only a text book.’ 'It's only a text book.'
Suddenly my eyes fluttered open. To my amazement, Poindexter was hovering over me, an unnatural look of concern on his pinched face. Other faces were also there. Clyde Steel, Petunia Angel, Sally Snarch, and even a surprisingly concerned looking Mr. Marlin. I was apparently lying on the floor, next to my desk.
“Wow, Drywater,” said Poindexter in a voice of awe. “That was some yell!”
“Yeah!” said Clyde Steel in an equally awed voice. “I didn’t think anything human could make a sound that loud. I’ll bet you shattered windows five miles away!”
“Yell?” I said curiously, as I shakily tried to sit up. “I didn’t yell.”
“You did so!” said Poindexter. “It was so loud I thought the school would come down on our heads!”
“There, there, my boy,” said Mr. Marlin, helping me to my feet. “I must agree, that was quite an ear-splitter. Just goes to show you have a healthy set of lungs. Which, incidentally, you can learn about on page 153 of your text book.”
“You mean I really yelled?” I said with a mixture of pride and embarrassment. “I didn’t think I yelled at all, even when I saw that asteroid coming toward me at a million miles a second!”
“Asteroid?” said Patti Peterson. “What page was that on? I’d like to see if it could make me scream like that!”
“I’m dreadfully sorry to disappoint you, Miss Peterson,” said Mr. Marlin, “but you won’t have the opportunity today. I’m afraid our class period is almost over.”
As if our heads were operated by single a remote control, we all turned at once to look at the clock. Sure enough, it was only two minutes until the class ended. The bell would be ringing pretty soon.
“Well, class,” said Mr. Marlin, returning to his desk, “that’s enough of text books today. Indeed, for some of you” (he threw me a knowing glance) “that may be enough of text books for the rest of your lives. But I’m happy to see that at least once in your school career, you have achieved the joy and satisfaction—not to mention the terror and horror—of really getting into your text.”
“Mr. Marlin,” said Johnny Geake, moving up and down in his seat again as if he had to go to the bathroom, “can I take my text book home and read it?”
 “What a question!” sneered Poindexter at Geake. 
“Of course you may, Mr. Geake,” said Mr. Marlin. “However, I should warn you that you may not experience quite the level of thrill, excitement and horror that you all achieved here in the classroom today.” He looked around him happily, as if the walls were his friends and he were talking to them, while completely ignoring us. “There’s something about a classroom and class time that seems to draw out the excitement to greater levels.”
“Is it the classroom, or the teacher?” whispered Mark Stratton to my right.
I didn’t say anything. I was pretty sure everyone else in the class was feeling the same disappointment that I felt. Somehow, we all knew that if we read our text books at home tonight, the only excitement that would happen would be our parents looking at us as if our heads had turned green. The magic here was obviously in the teacher, and not the classroom.
But just like everybody else in class, I took my text book home that night, just in case.

CHAPTER FIVE - The Substitute
The next day, just as before, everyone was in science class long before the bell rang. I ran all the way around ‘B’ hall and back again, so that I wouldn’t run into Mary Ellen Paul, who I was sure would want to ‘chat’ again. When I arrived at my desk, panting and breathless, I was once again the last one there, even though it was a full seven minutes before the bell was going to ring.
“So, did you try your text book last night?” said Mark Stratton to me as I sat down.
“Yeah, but no luck,” I said sadly. “Although I read the whole section on asteroids again, nothing happened.” 
That wasn’t exactly true. Something HAD happened—I had actually gotten interested in what I was reading—and enjoyed it! But I wasn’t going to admit that to anybody (which is why I hid in the garage when I read it, so no one in my family would see)
“Same with me,” said Stratton sadly. “Do you know what I think?” He lowered his voice, confidentially. I wasn’t sure I wanted to know, but said, “What?” anyway, since I figured that was the polite thing to do.
“I think the magic is in HIM! Mr. Marlin.”
“Of course,” said Poindexter from the other side of me, who had lived true to his rude self and listened in to our conversation. “He’s a wizard, like I said yesterday. Didn’t you see him reading that wizard magazine?”
“But wizards aren’t real!” said Heidi Kirchner firmly.
“Neither are jump ropes that take you to England, and text books that make you think you’re being eaten by a shark!” replied Poindexter. 
At this point, an argument broke out, with many in the class arguing that he was a wizard, while others argued that he wasn’t. Secretly we all knew that Poindexter was right. Or if not right, mostly right. Whether Mr. Marlin was a wizard or not, he sure could work some amazing magic.
The bell rang. There was still no sign of Mr. Marlin. What bizarre things awaited us today? After two days of incredible excitement and unexpected happenings, it was anyone’s guess.
And then suddenly, the very last thing any of us had expected—or wanted—happened. Mr. Hornsby walked into the room. He was a much younger teacher—probably in this 30s—and unlike Mr. Marlin, his suit wasn’t lumpy.
“Good afternoon, class,” he said cheerfully. And unlike Mr. Marlin, he was right—it was afternoon. 
“Mr. Marlin is out today, so I’m substituting for him, since I don’t have a 6th period class of my own.”
There was a collective groan from everyone in the room.
“My goodness!” said Mr. Hornsby in surprise. “I don’t usually get a response like that from a class. Mr. Marlin must be well loved by you all.”
“Well loved?!”said Poindexter with a look of distaste on his face. I could see a similar look on the faces of others in the room. We respected and appreciated Mr. Marlin—but to say we ‘well loved’ him was going a bit too far.
“Well, let’s get down to business,” said Mr. Hornsby in a business-like tone. “If you’ll open your text books to page 93, you’ll see a discussion of the basic periodic elements. Today—“ and with a flourish he produced a number of test tubes from under his suit jacket—“we’re going to do a little chemistry. Mix up a few brews and concoctions. Groovy, eh?”
We stared at him in dismay.
“My, you are a strange bunch,” said Mr. Hornsby, scratching his head. “My other classes go gaa gaa over test tubes and mixing chemicals. I think they like to see if they can mix up something that will blow up the school—or at least taste good if you drink it.”
At the mention of blowing up the school, I saw Poindexter’s eyes light up. I could see why Mary Ellen Paul liked Mr. Hornsby. He was more entertaining than your ordinary teacher. But he still couldn’t compare with Mr. Marlin.
“Now, if you’ll look at page 93, you’ll see that we have elements called nitrogen, hydrogen, oxygen, carbon …” My eyes started to glaze over. When big words that didn’t mean anything started getting thrown out by teachers, that’s when my mind started to shut down. Looking around me, I saw a similar reaction from my fellow students. It was going to be a long hour.
And it was. In fact, it was a long rest of the week. For the next three days, we had Hornsby again as our substitute. He wasn’t bad, and once Clyde Steel did succeed at mixing up a brew that poofed and made a lot of smoke, and that gave us all hope that it might actually blow up the school. But we all yearned for Mr. Marlin to return. Why on earth was he gone for so long? We’d only had him for two days. We’d seen more of our substitute Mr. Hornsby than our own teacher!
And then the first week of school was over. The weekend that followed seemed endless. Never in my life had I been so anxious for a weekend to be over. Usually when school was on, I would waste half my weekend wishing that it would never end, since when it did I’d have to go back to school. But, weird as it was, I actually WANTED to go back, to see if Mr. Marlin was there. 
Monday morning finally came. But since science was my sixth period class, I still had to wait through a whole boring day of math, English and other stuff before science class finally rolled around. 
I could tell I wasn’t the only one who’d had a rough weekend. When I saw Poindexter in the hall right before lunch, he had big circles under his eyes, from lack of sleep. 
Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, sixth period arrived—and so did Mr. Hornsby as our substitute again.
“It’s not fair!” said Poindexter in the hall after class. “If we get assigned to a teacher, we have a right to have them in class, even if we hate their guts. Why is it the lousy teachers never get sick, and the good ones are gone a lot?”
“Let’s go complain to someone!” said Sally Snarch. 
“Who would we complain to?” asked Johnny Geake. “Maybe we should just go ask at the office where he is, and why he hasn’t been coming in.”
Poindexter looked at Geake with something that bordered on admiration. “That’s a good idea, Geake,” he said in wonder. “I didn’t know you had it in you.”
Geake’s chest puffed out in pride. A compliment from Poindexter was like an extra gift of money from an aunt you forgot existed.
We all headed for the office. When the secretary saw us all come in, and knowing our collective reputations, she turned immediately and called out, “Mr. Clark! Some students are here to see you!” Mr. Clark was the principal.
Mr. Clark came ambling out of his office. He was such a calm guy, nothing got him worried—even the time Poindexter and some others succeeded at plugging up all the bathroom toilets, and sewage flowed down the halls.
“What can I do for you?” he asked casually.
“Go on, Geake,” said Poindexter with a shove. “It was your idea.” It was against Poindexter’s grain to ask any favor of a principal, no matter how small.
“We want to know why Mr. Marlin hasn’t been coming to school,” said Geake. “He’s our science teacher.”
“Gee, that’s a good question,” said Mr. Clark, who obviously didn’t know the answer. He turned to the secretary and asked, “Why hasn’t Mr. Marlin been in?”
The secretary’s brow furrowed. “He’s called in sick every day,” she responded. “But he’ll never tell me what his sickness is. And he sounds perfectly healthy each time.”
“That’s strange,” said Mr. Clark, scratching his chin.
“His sick days for the first quarter of school are almost used up,” said the secretary. “He’ll have to come in soon, or be docked in his paycheck.”
“That’ll motivate him,” said Mr. Clark, turning to head back to his office. “Don’t worry, kids,” he said with a wave of his hand, but without bothering to turn around. “He’ll be back soon.” Then he was gone.
“Gee, Geake, what a dumb idea,” said Poindexter after we left the office. “We don’t know any more than we did before.” He gave Geake a shove.
“But we did learn that he seems to be faking a sickness,” said Sally Snarch. “Why would he do that?”
“Hopefully, he’ll be here tomorrow,” said Poindexter with a shrug of his shoulders. Everyone just looked at each other then, not sure what to do. Finally we just went our separate ways, without saying another word. We weren’t sure yet if we were friends, or if we ever would be. After all, I had never had a friend like Poindexter before. Truth was, I didn't really have any good friends at Millard Fillmore Middle School, although there were a few kids I'd talk to sometimes. But they were all kind of wimpy and had noodle arms like me. In contrast, Poindexter was a known bully, and had arms that looked like a bodybuilder.
The next day we were all in science class when the bell rang. None of us ran to get there as fast as we could anymore, since the days of substitute teaching had gone on so long. But we all made sure to be there at least by the time the bell rang, just in case.
After the bell rang, we just sat and looked at each other. Where was Mr. Marlin? Where was Mr. Hornsby? The minutes ticked by. Had we been forgotten? A wild hope started to spring up in each of our hearts. It was the dream every kid has, that never comes true—that their substitute won’t show up and the office will forget about them, and the class will then have the whole hour to themselves, to tear the classroom apart. 
Five minutes passed, then six, then seven. People started looking around at each other and grinning. 
“Don’t you think maybe we should tell the office?” said Geake. 
“NO!!” a dozen voices said at once, while several fists were waved in his face. “Do that, and I’ll kill you!” threatened Poindexter, while cracking his knuckles.
Eight minutes passed, then nine. Our wild hope was coming true! No teacher or substitute today! Exciting as Mr. Marlin was, there was something even more exciting in the idea of going a whole class period with no teacher.
Some in the class already were convinced it was true. Tyson and Poindexter, doing what came naturally, went straight to the only forbidden place in the room--the teacher's desk. They started rummaging through all the drawers.
"Gee, I don't think you should do that," said Geake, coming up to join them. In response, Tyson yanked something out of a drawer and tossed it in Geake's face. It was the blank magazine Mr. Marlin had been reading last week.
"If anyone comes in, we'll tell them it was your idea," said Tyson with a cruel grin. Geake started to mouth a reply, but suddenly said, "Hey, this magazine's not empty after all. There's something written on this page."
Everyone in the class came up to see. Sure enough, while the rest of the magazine was empty, there was something written on one page in the middle. It was a poem, although a very strange one.

From the heart of the stars came the stewards of light,
Who danced briefly on earth, then left beings of sight.

Sandmen of dreams, gnomes of the earth,
Shifters of moonbeams, pixies of mirth;

Monsters of beauty, phantoms of thought
Mermaids of sea, dragons of naught.

Bound to service and the molding of hope,
Of earth's mortals, struggling to cope.

Governed half by wizards, and half by elves,
They were left quite alone, but not by themselves.

For one Steward of Light remained as well,
Their hearts to control, their story to tell.

"Weird," said Poindexter as he read slowly through the poem. He had to mouth each word, since reading was not something he did very often.
"I think I hear someone coming!" said Geake suddenly. Tyson shoved the magazine back in the desk, and in a flash all of us darted back to our desks. Once there we tried to look around casually with as much innocence as we could muster.
Suddenly there was a shadow at the door. And then a person appeared that none of us would have ever expected.
It wasn’t Mr. Hornsby, or Mr. Marlin. Rather, it was a person who actually looked like a wizard! He wore a long, black cape that came almost to his ankles. On his head was a pointed wizard’s hat, tipped a bit to the left side. He had a flowing grey beard and mustache. And in his hand, he held a wand—not a mere pencil like Mr. Marlin used, but a real, honest to goodness, wizard’s wand. 
But as remarkable as his clothes were, what was really striking about him was his face, especially his eyes. His face was like one big scowl, with eyes that glowed like molten lava. He looked downright evil. He made Poindexter’s and Tyson’s cruel grins look like a smiling baby.
“Good afternoon,” said the stranger, in a slithering voice that made my skin crawl. “My name is Mr. Skinpeeler, and I’ll be your substitute today.” He looked at us all with a glare that could have melted granite. 
Johnny Geake started to raise his hand, but thought better of it when Skinpeeler turned to stare at him. 
“Now, for our first assignment today, we’re going to play a little game,” he walked down the aisle between the desks, and as he passed mine, I felt an icy coldness brush by that felt like it came from a deep freeze.
“The name of the game is, ‘Let’s find out where Mr. Marlin is hiding,’” said Skinpeeler. “Who would like to go first?”
He looked around at all of us, expectantly. His eyes finally settled on Sam Bowly. “Well, Mr. Bowly?” he said with a curl of his upper lip. “Where is your teacher?”
Bowly jumped like he’d been stung. How had the substitute known his name? 
Suddenly, Skinpeeler started to laugh. “You little children, how pathetic you are! Of course I know your names! I know all about you!”
The cold, icy feeling I felt before, seemed to be shooting right down my spine, all the way to my toes. This guy was pure evil—and he seemed to be able to read our minds! What on earth was he doing here, as our substitute teacher? The terror in my mind was so deep, I didn't even have the strength to twirl my pocket watch.
“Gee, Mr. Skinpeeler,” said Poindexter in a voice that sounded almost like it belonged to a whipped puppy. “If you know all about us and can read our minds, you must know that we don’t know where Mr. Marlin is.”
Skinpeeler turned fiercely on Poindexter, and for a minute, it looked like he was going to let him have it with his wand. “Don’t play games with me, child!” he finally said in a savage voice. “It’s true that I know about you, but there are parts of your minds that are hard for me to reach. One of you is hiding him. I know it!”
“But we're not hiding him!” cried Johnny Geake, with an incredible display of courage. “We were asking for him at the principal’s office just yesterday, and they didn’t know where he is either. He’s been calling in sick.”
Skinpeeler paced slowly over to where Geake sat, and hovered over his desk, making Geake sink lower and lower. “Fool!” he said at last, in a voice barely above a whisper. “I know he’s been calling in sick. And I’ve been to the address he told the school he lives at. It’s a vacant lot. He doesn’t live in a normal house like you.”
Skinpeeler turned and went again to the front of the class. He stood there glaring at us for over a minute, making us squirm so much we felt like worms on a fishhook.
“I happen to know something you don’t,” said Skinpeeler at last, in his quiet, deathly voice. “Mr. Marlin, as you call him, has been staying with one of you. And he’s hiding with one of you right now, in miniaturized size. He could be as tiny as a seed and hidden in your pocket, and you wouldn't know it. But even though your conscious mind wouldn’t know it, your subconscious mind would. And that’s why I’m here. To look deep inside each of you. Because one of you KNOWS where he is!”
A feeling of horror was starting to creep up my feet, through my convulsing stomach, all the way to my head. What was he talking about? How could Mr. Marlin be tiny, and be staying with one of us? And why? None of it made any sense!
“What if we don’t want you looking deep inside of us?” demanded Poindexter. I could tell he was mad—just like that time when he slipped and fell on the step coming into school and everybody laughed (for about two seconds, before he started belting them all).
“Little boy,” said Skinpeeler with a sneer, “I don’t think you know who you’re dealing with. Perhaps a small demonstration will convince you that I’m serious, and that it would be very unwise to trifle with me.” And with this, he waved his wand in a circular motion—and the world turned upside down.

CHAPTER SIX - Protections
Suddenly we were no longer in our classroom at our desks. We were in a place so dark we could hardly see anything at all. The ground felt squishy beneath my feet, and the darkness around me seemed more than mere blackness—it felt almost alive, as if it were a living, breathing curtain that swirled around me, and threatened to take my breath away. The place stank of old socks and overflowed toilets mixed in with one of those horrible cheeses you sometimes get a whiff of at an open street market.
 “Now do you believe me, little boy?” came Skinpeeler’s voice, piercing through the darkness like a rat through a junk yard. There was no answer. Although I knew Poindexter would normally rage uncontrollably at being called a ‘little boy,’ I knew also that he couldn’t talk now if he wanted to. None of us could. Even when I could force myself to open my mouth in spite of the stink, I couldn’t force any sound to come out. There was more than darkness and stink in this place. There was fear. It was so tangible and real I could reach out and touch it. And I could feel it reaching out, trying to touch me.
Suddenly the world turned upside down again. We were back in our classroom, with Skinpeeler up by the door. Each of us was gasping for breath, gratefully filling our lungs with school classroom air that had never before felt so fresh and clean—as indeed it was, compared with the air in the place we had just been.
“Now, do you understand that I mean business?” said Skinpeeler, with a snide curl of his upper lip. “Don’t play with me, children, or I’ll take you back to that place—and won’t bring you home again this time!”
We stared at him in horror. I knew I should jump up and run screaming from the room, but my legs just wouldn’t move. All I could do was stare helplessly, wondering what would come next.
“Now, which one of you will be first?” asked Skinpeeler, as if speaking to the air. He started to walk down my aisle, looking at each of us in turn. ‘Please, don’t let it be me!’ my mind cried. ‘Please! Please! Please!’
No such luck. He stopped at my desk, looking down at me. A cruel smile started to play across his lips.
A sudden strangled yell filled the room. Looking around, I was startled to see Poindexter, floating in mid-air, halfway between his desk and mine. He had apparently seen that Skinpeeler had chosen me, and made a wild jump to try to stop him. But Skinpeeler had swung his wand, and stopped him in mid-air, where he hung like a toy balloon, his eyes wild and angry.
A sudden gush of gratitude filled my heart for Poindexter. I would never look at him the same way again.
“Now, Mr. Drywater,” said Skinpeeler, turning back to me, his eyes starting to bore deeply into mine. “Let’s find out what your subconscious knows …”
I didn’t know what a subconscious is, or that I even had one. I tried to fight him, to close my eyes, to resist. But it was useless. He seemed to have a power that I couldn’t stop.
“What’s this?” said a sudden voice at the door to our room. And in that instant, Skinpeeler was gone as if he had never been there—and Poindexter came crashing down on the floor next to my desk.
Looking around, we saw Mr. Hornsby standing in the doorway, a dumfounded look on his face. “What on earth is going on here?” he demanded. “And who was that dark person that was standing next to you a minute ago, Mr. Drywater? And where did he go?”
Suddenly everyone was trying to talk at once. The mass confusion in the room was matched only by the relief flooding through my mind. I had almost been done for! Skinpeeler had been so close to prying open my mind that I felt like I still had a can opener stuck in the top of my head.
I looked down at Poindexter, who was rising up from the floor. “Thanks,” I whispered shyly. 
“Sure,” he said brusquely. His face contorted into a frown, then a weak smile. He was obviously finding it hard to shed his bully image, and actually be friendly to someone wimpy like me.
“You mean,” said Mr. Hornsby at the front of the room, “this caped person claimed to be your substitute teacher?” His voice had a note of disbelief. “And he threatened you?”
A dozen voices answered him at once. Mr. Hornsby held up his hands for silence. “The principal needs to hear about this at once!” He turned toward the door.
Twenty-two screams stopped him in his tracks. “DON’T LEAVE US!” we all cried. “What if he comes back?” cried Wilmena Wall. “You can’t just leave us here!”
“I guess that’s true,” replied Mr. Hornsby, turning back into the room. He glanced up at the clock. “There’s only a few more minutes until the bell rings, anyway.” His brow furrowed. “I was going to substitute here again today, you know. But I got this urgent call from home about some accident. And when I got there, it was all a fake!”
Suddenly the last person any of us had expected to see appeared in the doorway. It was Mr. Marlin!
“Good evening,” he said to Mr. Hornsby, and to the rest of us, even though it wasn’t evening. “Nice to see you all on such a pleasant occasion.”
Pandemonium broke out in the room again as twenty-two voices tried to tell Mr. Marlin at once what had happened.
“Looks like it’s safe for me to go tell the principal now, so I’m going,” said Mr. Hornsby. He disappeared through the door.
Mr. Marlin raised his hands for silence, and reluctantly we all stopped our babbling. When it was quiet, Mr. Marlin strode into the room. He was still wearing the same lumpy old gray suit. It looked like he must have slept in it, and that he hadn’t changed it for days. There were baggy circles under his eyes, and although he was smiling, he looked very tired.
“There’s no need to explain anything,” said Mr. Marlin. “I am perfectly aware of what occurred here today.”
“But what about—“ Geake started to say.
“Please!” said Mr. Marlin, holding up his hands for silence again. “We don’t have much time, before school ends, but there is much to do. I suspect each of you may be slightly concerned that this Mr. Skinpeeler will track you down individually once you leave here, and carry out his threats. Am I right?” We all nodded our heads. I was far more than just ‘slightly’ concerned about it, and I knew the others were too.
 Mr. Marlin pulled out his pencil. “Fortunately, there’s just enough time for me to draw a protection around each of you that should help …” His voice trailed off, and he began to make curious movements in the air with his pencil. And suddenly funny little things started appearing in the air around him, then went zooming over to us and disappeared again. Things like padlocks, jail bars, handcuffs, bug spray, saran wrap, and dozens of other oddities that were usually used to protect one thing or another. 
With a flourish, Mr. Marlin finished just as the bell rang. “Now, do not be concerned any further. You are all protected, and no harm will come to you. Tomorrow we’ll talk more about it. For now, it’s enough for you to know that you’re safe. Mr. Skinpeeler cannot reach you. You simply have to trust me on that.”
We all looked at each other. Everything that had happened was so bizarre that we didn’t know what to think or say. I knew that the others were worried, just like I was. But I still felt greatly comforted by Mr. Marlin’s protection magic, if that’s what it was. Maybe what he had done touched my emotions somehow, calming the panic I would otherwise have felt. Somehow he had reduced my horror down to a mild case of worrying.
“Well, until tomorrow then,” said Mr. Marlin. “Have a boring evening—I think you’ve had enough excitement for one day.”
Every one of us heartily agreed with him. 
As we were filing out of the room, Geake stopped and asked, “What about you, Mr. Marlin? That Skinpeeler guy didn’t seem scared of you—he wanted to find you! Are you safe from him?”
“Absolutely!” replied Mr. Marlin with a confident smile. “Don’t worry about me.”
“But what did Skinpeeler mean, when he said that you’ve been hiding, and staying with one of us?” asked Geake. Every one of us stopped in his tracks, waiting breathlessly for the answer.
“No such questions until tomorrow,” said Mr. Marlin dismissively. “You'd probably find the answer too boring for your taste, anyway.” He went to the whiteboard and started to erase it again (even though there was nothing to erase), and we all knew that there was no sense in asking him anything further.
As I went through the door, Mr. Marlin looked up and our eyes met. A surprising look of compassion, and even of pain briefly flittered across his eyes. He understood. He knew what had almost happened. He knew that I was perhaps the one person in class who was the most vulnerable for some reason. And he and I both knew that his protective charms, whatever they were, had been intended mostly for me.
“Mr. Drywater,” he said softly, with a sad smile. “Come here a minute if you would.” Others in the class looked at me curiously, but said nothing and continued to file out the door.
When we were alone in the room, I stood expectantly in front of him. He smiled at me through grey teeth. Then unexpectedly, he pulled an object from his pocket and held it out to me. “I want you to have this,” he said simply.
It was a comb. Just a common hair comb, like my Mom used on me at home every morning before I left for school. She did it every day since she said my hair looked like an untamed weed patch.
The only thing unique about this comb was that it looked disgusting. There were flakes of dandruff clinging to it, and other grime that I couldn’t identify. I didn’t think I wanted to, either.
I stepped back a pace. “No thanks,” I said. “I’ve already got one.”
“But not one like this!” he said with a knowing smile. He was right there. Mom wouldn’t let such a disgusting thing in the house.
“This comb has a unique charm about it,” he said casually, as a dozen flakes of dandruff shook off the comb and floated toward the floor. “It’s not only good for straightening hair, but tends to give added protection to whoever carries it.”
He gave me a knowing look. “Added protection,” I said with renewed interest. I reached out and took the grimy thing. The instant I touched it, an electric shock ran through me from my head to my toes.
Mr. Marlin nodded slightly at me, a smile on his lips. “We’ll see you tomorrow, Mr. Drywater,” he said. Slowly I turned, still clutching the grimy comb, and went through the door.

CHAPTER SEVEN - An Explanation that Wasn’t
The next 24 hours were the longest I had ever been through in my life. I kept jumping every time I caught even a glimpse of a shadow. My brother Adrian quickly figured out that something was wrong, and all night long he kept sneaking up behind me and yelling ‘bloody murder!’ in my ears. The first time he did it, I nearly went through the ceiling. After that, I tried to belt him every time he did it, but he was too quick for me. I couldn’t get him to stop until I told him I’d hidden his favorite DS game in a box full of cereal. He then poured out all our cereal on the kitchen table, and got bawled out and sent to bed early by Mom. (He didn’t think to look in the oatmeal, so his game stayed hidden)
Finally, around 9:00 o’clock, I just couldn’t take it anymore. I had to talk with someone about what had happened! But I knew if I went to my parents they’d think I was crazy, and if I told Adrian he’d just laugh in my face.
So I suddenly found myself doing something that only a week before I never thought I’d do in my life. I picked up the phone and dialed Poindexter’s number.
“Hello!” said a sudden gruff voice on the other end that sounded like an older and meaner version of Donny. “I’d like to speak with Donny,” I squeaked. There was a moment of silence, then Donny’s rough voice came on, “Yeah! What is it?” 
Did he always answer the phone like that? But then again, maybe since he was a bully, the only calls he got were death threats.
“It’s me,” I almost whispered, suddenly feeling embarrassed at having called. “Blake Drywater.”
“Oh,” said Donny in surprise. “What’s up?” he asked in a softer, friendlier voice.
Suddenly I didn’t know what to say. After all, admitting you’re scared to someone who’s bullied you in the past is almost like saying, ‘why don’t you just come on over here and hit me in the face?’ 
But Poindexter was different now. At least he seemed like it. After all, he’d tried to save me from Skinpeeler in class. 
There was an uncomfortable silence. Finally Poindexter said, “That was weird today, wasn’t it? I mean, that Skinpeeler guy threatening us, and taking us to that stinky place.”
“Yeah,” I agreed. “Weird. I don’t know why he started coming after me. I had no idea where Mr. Marlin was.”
“He probably just picked you at random,” said Poindexter. “He’d better not try it again!” his voice was rising in familiar tones of anger that I had heard so often in the halls of school. But for once, that anger was not directed at me.
“Too bad it’s so late,” I said. “If it were earlier, you could come over or something.” I was suddenly amazed at what I had just said. I had just invited over my former worst enemy!
“Yeah, it’s too bad,” agreed Poindexter. “You ought to come over and hang out some time. We could feed my Piranhas. I’ve got three in a fish tank in my room.”
Somehow I wasn’t surprised that Poindexter’s favorite pet would be a Piranha.
“That’d be cool,” I agreed. “Let’s do that sometime.”
“Sure thing,” said Poindexter. There was another awkward moment of silence. Then he said simply, “Well, be seein’ ya. Don’t worry about nothin’ tonight. What Mr. Marlin did at the end of class should protect all of us.”
“Sure,” I said, hoping he was right. “See you tomorrow.” Then we hung up. 
The call to Poindexter had helped, but I was still jumpy. Especially after all the lights were out that night. I lay in my bed clutching the comb Mr. Marlin had given me, staring worriedly into the dark. My science teacher was a wizard! A real one! And an evil wizard had come to my classroom and tried to mess around in my mind! The horror of that dark place where he took us kept coming back to me. It had reeked of fear as much as of stench—a fear so real, it could touch me. I seemed to feel it reaching out to touch me now, causing me to pull the covers over my head every few minutes, even though it was so hot I felt like I was about to suffocate. The fear kept bouncing back and forth in my mind like a tennis ball, until it finally settled down like a lump of play dough in my stomach. I probably slept about two minutes the whole night.
The next day I looked and acted like a zombie. Mom almost kept me home from school because I looked so bad. But when I screamed I had to go, she changed her mind (mainly out of shock that I actually wanted to go to school). Nothing was going to keep me away from Mr. Marlin’s class today. Maybe his explanation of what was going on would help. 
Surprisingly, the dullness and normalness of school calmed me down better than anything else so far. Maybe it was just being with so many people that made me feel safe from being attacked. I kept nodding off in math, making my teacher, Mr. Harris, glare at me so hard it looked like the blood vessels in his eyes would pop. Thankfully, my English teacher, Mr. Gordon, was less concerned. I happily snored my way through his class, to the irritation of everyone around me.
Finally it was time for science. As I rushed down the hall I realized too late that I had taken the wrong route—Mary Ellen Paul was standing right there in front of me.
“Is it true that some mysterious, ugly old guy in black clothes pretended to be your substitute in science yesterday?” she blurted out.
“Uh … yeah,” I stammered, not knowing what else to say.
“Cool!” she cried happily. “I wish I’d been there!”
“Look,” I said, shoving my way past her roughly, “I’ve got to go.”
She grabbed my arm, obviously not finished with her questions. “What did he look like?” she cried gleefully. “They say he had a scar the length of his face, and he threatened to kill you all! That is so awesome! Tell me about it!”
“Mary Ellen, I’ve got to go!” I yelled, stamping on her foot. The pain caused her to let go of my arm. 
“Aw, c’mon!” she yelled after me as I darted down the hall. “You’re no fun at all.”
I rushed breathless into class, five minutes early. Like the two days before when Mr. Marlin had taught us, everyone else was already there. I have no idea how they got there so fast. (Except Poindexter. He could bulldoze his way through the hall like a tank and get anywhere in about 2 minutes)
“Gee, Drywater,” said Tyson, who was obviously in a cruel mood, “they should change your name to snail slime, you’re so slow. What took you so long?”
“I ran into a friend,” I mumbled as I took my seat.
He looked at me in shock. “I didn’t know you had any!” Then he gave me a sly look. “Was it your girlfriend?”
The exhaustion of the last 24 hours made me temporarily take leave of my senses. “Get a life!” I yelled at him, throwing my pencil in his face.
The class was suddenly so still you could hear a pin drop. Nobody did that to Tyson, and expected to live to tell about it.
He just looked at me for a minute, making me squirm. He was obviously thinking up the best way to desecrate me. Everybody else was squirming too, in gleeful anticipation of what he would do to me.
Unexpectedly Poindexter spoke up. “Lay off him, Tyson,” he said gruffly. “Unless you want me to shove his pencil up your nose.”
Tyson looked at Poindexter in shock, as if he had just been betrayed. Poindexter had just broken the bullies creed—to never interfere with someone else’s bullying. He scowled at Poindexter, but Poindexter just stared calmly back at him.
Then Tyson just shrugged his shoulders and looked away. After all, what else could he do? You don’t argue with a tank like Poindexter. Everybody went back to trying to act normal, without looking at either one of them.
The bell rang. We all looked up to the head of the room expectantly. Where was Mr. Marlin? Surely he had to be there today. He said he would be—and with a full explanation of what was going on. 
The minutes started to tick by. This wasn’t a good sign. He should have been here by now. The other kids started to talk in low murmurs, to cover their nervousness. “Did you get a whiff of that stench, in that weird dark place yesterday?” said one. “Yeah, it smelled just like my brother’s room!” said another. 
Suddenly there was a shadow at the door—it was Mr. Marlin! There was a collective sigh of relief as he entered the room in his same old lumpy grey suit. 
“Good afternoon,” he said, surprising us all, since it really was afternoon. “I can tell by the bored looks on your faces that you are anticipating another typical day of science. I apologize for my absence over the last few school days, but it was just one of those times when nothing came up, so I had to get away.”
He pulled a whiteboard marker from his pocket while several in the class, screwed up their faces, trying to figure out what he had said.
“Now,” he said as he began to scribble meaningless markings on the whiteboard that didn’t make any sense, “if you’ve done your homework properly, you should be up to page 51 of your text. That means that today we get to study the fascinating life cycle of the earthworm. Will everyone close their eyes please?”
We all looked around at each other, not knowing what to do. He was supposed to explain about the evil wizard we saw yesterday! What was all this drivel about earthworms and closing our eyes?
“I can see by your quick response that you’re all far ahead of me,” he said, his back still to us, while he continued to scribble nonsense on the board. “But you’ll have to keep them closed longer than a mere blink, you know, if you really want to see what it’s like to be a blind earthworm and not see. Don’t you see?”
There was more confusion, but one by one we closed our eyes.
“Now,” continued Mr. Marlin, “as soon as everyone has their eyes closed, we will be able to get a real feel for the life of earthworms. Miss Peterson, you’ve got to keep them closed—a twitch is not enough. That’s right. And you, Mr. Harrison. Please close your eyes, and try to keep your Adam’s apple from bobbing up and down so much.”
I felt silly, sitting there with my eyes closed. What was going on?
“Has everyone got their eyes closed?” asked Mr. Marlin. We could still hear him scribbling away at the whiteboard. “Keep them closed, please. That’s right. Tightly closed.”
My nose twitched. It certainly smelled a lot like dirt in our classroom all of a sudden. Had everyone come in with a bunch of mud on their shoes?
“You may now open your eyes,” said Mr. Marlin. “That is, if you can.”
I tried to open my eyes—and couldn’t do it! In horror, I suddenly realized I couldn’t open them because I didn’t have eyes anymore!
But even without eyes, I somehow knew that I was completely surrounded by dirt! The dirt was packed up tightly against me on all sides, and I found that I could hardly move a muscle. 
“Don’t panic!” came Mr. Marlin’s reassuring voice. “Don’t try to thrash about. If you do, you may alert some enterprising bird, or boy searching for fish bait of your presence. You wouldn’t want that, would you?”
“Mr. Marlin, sir,” came the voice of Geake through the dirt from behind me. I could imagine him jumping up and down in his seat as if he needed to go to the bathroom, but of course I couldn’t see anything. “Are we earthworms?”
“A very astute observation,” said Mr. Marlin. “It’s obvious you’re headed for college someday, Mr. Geake. Yes, we are all earthworms. Isn’t the dirt wonderful? Doesn’t it just send shivers up and down your spineless spines to rub up against it?”
I had to admit it did feel rather pleasant for some reason. But at the same time, it was hard to fight down the feeling of panic and claustrophobia that I felt at being helplessly surrounded by dirt.
“Now, I have brought you all here for another reason,” said Mr. Marlin’s voice from the dirt in front of us. “Which is that Mr. Skinpeeler will not think to look for us here, and we may therefore discuss yesterday’s little adventure without fear of being overheard.”
There was a buzz of voices from the dirt around me. Suddenly questions started flying through the dirt like peas in a lunchroom food fight.
“Who was that guy?” “What was all that business about your hiding with one of us, all scrunched up and little?” “How come that dark place was so stinky?”
I could imagine Mr. Marlin holding up his hand to ward off the questions. “One at a time, please,” he said. “In fact, none at a time. Let me simply explain the situation, and then all your questions should be answered.”
“You see,” he began slowly, and it sounded like he was groveling back and forth through the dirt in front of us as if he was pacing in front of the classroom, “as you have no doubt guessed, I am a wizard.”
“I knew it!” cried Poindexter triumphantly.
“I can tell by the bored expressions which I can’t see on your wormy faces that this announcement is almost enough to put you to sleep. So, to help you along the road to slumber, let me just say that Mr. Skinpeeler is also a wizard, and came searching for me as he said. I wanted him to do just that, which is why I was absent from school all those days. I knew an enemy wizard was about, but did not know who it was. I knew if I waited long enough without showing up, he would come looking for me, and I would then know who I was up against, and how to deal with him.”
“But why does he want to find you?” questioned Geake in his squeaky voice.
“Please, Mr. Geake, you must try to rouse your curiosity and not simply sit blandly without asking any questions,” said Mr. Marlin. “It’s this way: I have in my possession a particular potion that he wants. It has unusual powers for anyone who drinks it. It tends to increase their native abilities many times over. I suspect Mr. Skinpeeler thinks that if he were to drink it, he would become the most powerful evil wizard in the world, which would of course make him rather a pleasant dinner guest, don’t you think?”
The questions started to shovel their way through the dirt once again. “How did you get the potion?” “What about all the other wizards?” “Why doesn’t he just come take the potion off you?” “Do worms go to the bathroom?”
“Please, class,” came Mr. Marlin’s voice from in front of us again. “You’re going to have to perk up and start asking questions. This silence is too much for me. Now, as I was saying—Oh, and by the way, that wet sensation is not having gone to the bathroom, it’s just that they’re watering the grass above us—he cannot take the potion from me because we are evenly matched. We’re both young wizards, with few skills as yet. If he had found me yesterday, he would not have fought me for the potion, but would have gone immediately to get his boss wizard to help him.”
“Do wizards have bosses?” came Mr. Geake’s voice. Mr. Marlin ignored him.
“However, I also have my own boss wizard nearby as well, who provides added protection for all of you. Indeed, now that we know that our enemy is Mr. Skinpeeler, my boss wizard and I are much more confident that we can foil his evil plans. So you needn’t fear for your safety.”
I wasn’t sure I felt any more secure. In fact, if anything I felt worse. Now I knew that there were two evil wizards out there trying to get at me--Skinpeeler and his boss!--not just one! 
My fellow students must have been thinking the same thing. “So, how many evil wizards are there, anyway?” asked Poindexter as casually as he could, as if he had no real concern for the answer.
“Enough to fill a salt shaker,” said Mr. Marlin blandly. “The point is, now that we know Mr. Skinpeeler is our enemy, my boss wizard and I have taken a number of precautions. We had no idea he would attack you directly—that’s a very unwizardly thing to do, you see—so we have lodged an official complaint to the wizard licensing board. This is similar to one of your parents writing a letter of protest to the IRS about his taxes, and is likely to have the same result. While one would think that this complaint alone should take care of the problem, we also decided to request reinforcements, which we did. Therefore, within 20 minutes of yesterday’s attack a number of wizards from the wizmarine corps converged on your little school, each remaining invisible of course. You should be perfectly safe from now on.”
“But why do you have the potion?” asked Steel. “If it’s that important, why not lock it away in some wizard’s tower somewhere, so it will be safe?”
“Because there happens to be a missing ingredient from the potion, which I am here to find,” said Mr. Marlin, surprising us all by answering a question directly for once. “I must have the potion with me to find it. Mr. Skinpeeler knows this, and is looking for the ingredient too. However, there is no need to let this concern you, especially since potion making and potion ingredients is not a subject taught in your school system. It is enough for you to know that my boss wizard and I have the situation under control, that we have requested reinforcements, and that you are now safe from any further attacks by Mr. Skinpeeler.”
“What about what Skinpeeler said about you scrunching yourself up small and living with one of us?” asked Mr. Geake in his annoying, whining voice.
“What’s that?” said Mr. Marlin, and I could imagine him holding his hand up to his ear. “You’ll have to speak more softly, Mr. Geake, or I’ll never be able to not hear you. As for where I have been staying, it’s enough for you to simply know that I have indeed been staying in something small that one of you owns—we wizards can do that, you know, which saves us a fortune in rent—but that’s all I’m going to say on the subject. It’s safest for you if none of you know what the object is where I’ve been staying, or who owns it.”
A dozen more questions flew through the dirt at once—everything from where the potion was hidden to whether the wizmarine corps would take any of us as recruits. “Please, class!” said Mr. Marlin firmly, and in my mind’s eye I could picture him holding up his hands for silence. “Your lack of curiosity is appalling! Given your failure to ask any questions, I shall reluctantly have to draw our worm lesson to a close. Of course, the fact that we are currently underneath the football field, and the players have just come out wearing shoes with sharp cleats that pierce the earth, it may be prudent for that reason as well to return to our classroom.”
I could hear a sudden rumbling overhead, as if a herd of elephants were stomping on the roof. The football team! I joined heartily in the screams of panic of the others in my class, as we could feel the earth being ripped to shreds above us. Above the din, I heard Mr. Marlin comment calmly, “Such a quiet class. I really hope next year they’re more lively.”
And then we were back! We were each seated at our desks, blinking dumbly at each other as if trying to get dirt out of our eyes. Mr. Marlin was still writing nonsense on the whiteboard, and the clock said it was almost time for the bell to ring.
“Mr. Marlin, sir!” said Geake, raising his hand and jumping up and down in his seat again. After our wet, under-earth experience, I couldn’t imagine that he needed to go to the bathroom.
“What is it, Mr. Geake?” said Mr. Marlin, turning to look at us as if surprised to see us there at all.
“You said you and Skinpeeler were young wizards, sir!” said Geake, in his normal, geeky way. “You don’t actually look young to me, and neither did Skinpeeler. It looks more like you should be retired already!”
Mr. Marlin looked at him for a minute, making him squirm. Finally he said, “Thank you, Mr. Geake, for that interesting observation about my age. I’m sure when your grandmother’s friends ask you to guess their age, you must certainly bring giggles to their lips with your low guesses. But to answer your question—“
He turned suddenly on Root who, true to form, was wearing an ugly green dress with massive tangles of flowers and vines on it. “Have you ever read ‘The Sword in the Stone,’ Miss Root?”
“Sorry,” stammered Root, “No, I haven’t.”
“Very well done,” said Mr. Marlin. “My, it’s going to be hard to find a book you haven’t read, isn’t it? But as I wasn’t saying, those who have read ‘The Sword in the Stone’ already know the answer to your question, Mr. Geake. In that book, it is stated quite plainly that wizards live backward in time, not forward. Which means that an old geezer like me is just a young wipper snapper, whereas all the young-looking wizards are actually just a bunch of old fogies.”
We all looked at him dumbly. “But if you live backward in time …” said Geake, trying verbally to figure out what the rest of us were stretching our brains to understand, “that means you know the future! It’s the past you don’t know! So, you already know whether Skinpeeler gets one of us, and—“
“Ah, Mr. Geake,” said Mr. Marlin with a condescending smile, “I’m afraid that answer is not correct. But, even someone as bright and charismatic as you can’t get the answers right all of the time.”
Just then the bell rang. “We’ll see all of your bright, smiling faces tomorrow, then,” said Mr. Marlin with a smile. “Have no further fear about what happened yesterday. You won’t be bothered again. Meanwhile, I wish you all a very boring evening.” He then turned to the board, tucked his marker between the folds of a marker eraser, and began to erase the board with a loud screeching sound. The eraser made bizarre, squiggly marks all over the whiteboard, which probably wouldn’t come out.
We all looked at each other. Were we safe, or not? Had he really explained things, or hadn’t he? I felt like I had as many questions now as I did at the start of class. And what was this weirdness about him being young and living backwards in time, anyway?
However, like everyone else, I got up slowly from my desk and made my way to the door. Mr. Marlin paid no more attention to us, and it was impossible to ask him anything over the horrendous screeching his marker-laden eraser was making. 
Poindexter was waiting for me outside the door. Without hesitation he voiced what I had been thinking. “I still don’t get it. If Marlin knew all along that Skinpeeler guy was hanging around, why didn’t he call in the Wizmarines in the first place? And what’s this secret potion ingredient he needs, anyway?”
I just shrugged my shoulders in reply. It didn’t make a lot of sense to me either.
“Hey,” Poindexter said suddenly, giving me a playful punch on the arm that nearly sent me sprawling. “I’d invite you over to see my Piranha’s, but I’ve got to go to an orthodontist appointment. Maybe tomorrow.”
“Sure,” I said casually. Poindexter was going to the orthodontist? It was almost impossible to imagine him wearing braces. But obviously, if anyone in school commented on braces after the orthodontist put them in, he’d probably rearrange their teeth so they’d need to go to the orthodontist themselves.
“See you tomorrow,” said Poindexter, sauntering off down the hall.
“Sure thing,” I called after him. “I’ll be seeing you.”

CHAPTER EIGHT - A Visit to the Cooks
Fortunately, the time until our next class passed more quickly than it did the day before. That evening at home, I wasn’t as jumpy or upset at everyone, and in a fit of kindness even helped my brother Adrian find his DS game in the oatmeal. (That was before I found out he’d put one of mine in a jar of honey) I was so exhausted from my lack of sleep that I slept like a log that night. Adrian told me the next morning that I sounded like one too—a log being cut by a buzz-saw that was so loud he could hear it through the wall that separated our bedrooms.
The next day at school was as boring as usual. It dragged by like the screech of fingernails on a chalkboard. And then it was time for science again.
On my way to the science classroom, I was once more cornered by Mary Ellen Paul. She’d figured out my escape route through ‘B’ hall to avoid her, so she was waiting outside Mr. Marlin’s door.
“So, this is where you have science, huh?” she said between chews on a wad of black gum that made her teeth look like tar. “Looks pretty dull to me. Mr. Hornsby has a whole bunch of test tubes and junk in his room. There’s nothing in yours but desks!”
“That’s all we need,” I said blandly. “Every day we dissect our desks just like other science students dissect frogs.”
Mary Ellen looked at me in pity. “My poor child,” she crooned, copying the voice and mannerisms of our librarian Miss Worm, “how ever do you come up with such funnies?”
I ignored her, and shoved my way past and into class. As usual, everyone was there ahead of me. From Geake’s black eye and quietness, I figured he’d said something annoying to either Poindexter or Tyson. Everyone else just sat at their desks and either stared vacantly into space, or talked quietly to each other.
“Hey, Drywater!” called out Tyson as I took my seat. “Guess you felt right at home yesterday when we were all turned into worms, huh? Have you ever been anything else?” He seemed to have overcome his fear of Poindexter, although I noticed him glancing nervously in Donny’s direction after he finished talking.
I looked at him coldly. I thought of saying I used to have a pet maggot that must have learned all it knew from him, but then I thought better of it. I wasn’t about to start taunting him, and rely on Poindexter to protect me. That just wouldn’t be cool. I just smiled condescendingly and turned around and ignored him.
The bell rang. Why was Mr. Marlin never on time? As if in answer to my question, he came marching suddenly into the room, carrying an odd assortment of kitchen appliances. “Good middle-of-the-night, class,” he said cheerfully, even though it obviously wasn’t the middle of the night. “I’ve brought a few fascinating items here today that will spark such tremendous excitement among you that we’ll probably have to call the school nurse to give some of you sedatives.”
He then placed on his desk an ugly old toaster that shed thousands of crumbs the minute it touched down, a greasy old grill that looked battered and disgusting, and a spatula that was so twisted and worn that it looked almost more like a toilet bowl brush.
“My, what wondrous appliances,” said Mr. Marlin, beaming down on the collection of junk as if it all had just arrived by special delivery from heaven. “They don’t make such shiny, attractive stuff as this, anymore!”
We just stared blankly. What on earth was he going to do with that stuff?
He then looked up at us and blinked, as if surprised that we were listening. “Since you all had such an enjoyable experience yesterday being earthworms, I thought we might, perhaps, do something similar today.”
Geake, who had quickly recovered from his black eye, raised his hand and started jumping up and down in his seat again. “Are we going to be sea slugs?” he asked excitedly. “Or sewer rats? Or blood-sucking leeches?”
Mr. Marlin laughed pleasantly. “My goodness, no. Nothing so attractive or out of character with your true personalities as those. No, today we shall examine a different sort of creature. A most pleasant and respected one, highly revered in our society.”
I sank down in my desk, and I could see others doing the same. Jumping through a rope to England or having a book come alive was one thing. But the worm experience yesterday had left me feeling kind of creepy. I’d just as soon stay myself.
As if he had read our thoughts, Mr. Marlin said, “You needn’t worry about being something too foreign to your characters. Or about being crushed by the football team. No, I’m sure you’ll find this little experiment very enjoyable.”
He suddenly handed the toaster to Mary Wilson, who sat on the front row. “Would you be good enough to pass this around, please? And as you do, please take just a little peak inside, if you would.” He smiled pleasantly, as Wilson took the toaster, which shed a thousand new crumbs on her desk the minute it touched her hands.
She looked inside it, and I could tell by her grimace that it must be more disgusting on the inside than the outside. Then she turned and handed it to Tyson who sat behind her.
—And then with a loud pop that sounded like a balloon being burst, she disappeared!
“Nothing to worry about!” called out Mr. Marlin, noting the shocked and worried looks on our faces. “Although I can tell by the bland looks on your faces that none of you are concerned anyway. She has merely gone to our little observation point for today, where we will soon all join her. Please keep handing the toaster down the aisle, will you Mr. Tyson?”
From the panicked look on Tyson’s face, I could tell the last thing he wanted to do was pass on the toaster. He knew the minute he did, he’d disappear to who-knew-where.
But never let it be said that Tyson was a coward. Without any hesitation, he passed it back—and promptly disappeared with a pop of his own.
And so it went. Mr. Marlin watched with a benign smile as his class slowly disappeared into some unknown limbo. Some went with terror written all over their faces, while others had looks of grim determination or even excitement. Mr. Geake looked ecstatic when it came his turn, and could hardly sit still.
Finally it was my turn. I took the toaster with a slightly trembling hand from Harrison who sat in front of me, and watched as he disappeared. Then I glanced into the disgusting interior of the toaster—it looked positively rancid—and handed it back to Mary Angel behind me. Better just do it quick and get it over with.
And then with a loud balloon-burst --pop!--I found myself in the last place I had expected. It was the kitchen of the school cafeteria!
 But that was nothing compared to the shock I received when I looked around me at my fellow students. I couldn’t believe my eyes. We were all roaches!
“Hey, Drywater!” said Tyson in a roachy sort of voice. “Looks like you’re going to show the rest of us how you live today, huh?”
I didn’t answer. I was too appalled at what I saw around me. It wasn’t just that my classmates were all roaches (for some, it improved their appearance). It wasn’t just that we were in the cafeteria. It was the grime that lay like a wild landscape all around me.
We were under a cabinet, far back where no human could possibly see us. And the level of grime back there was incredible! There were moldy French fry halves that had probably been there since my father went to school. There were peas that looked black as coal, bits of cheese that were growing—growing, mind you—into who knew what. There were pieces of meatloaf mixed with stale cake crumbs that were as hard and crunchy as rocks. The only thing that looked semi normal were a few bits of broccoli that even the roaches—the real ones—had passed over. Kids aren’t the only ones who aren’t fond of that vegetable.
“Ah, I see that we’re all here at last,” said the familiar voice of Mr. Marlin from the front of our group. He looked like the grandfather of all roaches, he was so big. He also sported a tiny little gray roachbeard. As he surveyed our surroundings, he said pleasantly, “Wonderful place, isn’t it? It’s a shame we didn’t come here before lunch, since I’m sure it would have improved all of your appetites.”
I suddenly felt kind of sick. But when I looked to my left, I felt even sicker. One of my fellow roach classmates—Mr. Geake, as it turned out—was chomping away happily on a moldy, purple and green bit of chicken that looked 100 years old!
“This is delicious!” cried Geake. “I never knew rotten chicken could taste so good!” I felt suddenly like throwing up.
Mr. Marlin laughed merrily. “As your colleague has discovered, our transformation into roaches is a total one. If any of you care to taste the delicacies around you, I’m sure you’ll find them as tasty and tantalizing as they would be to any genuine roach!”
I felt so woozy, I dropped to my knees—which wasn’t far, since roach legs are very close to the ground anyway.
“Now, if you’ll all be good enough to follow me, we’ll take a look around,” said Mr. Marlin casually, as if turning his class of 5th graders into roaches was a common occurrence. He trotted off—more like darted off, the quick way roaches do—heading for the heart of the kitchen. However, he remained under the kitchen cabinet where we could not be seen.
“Mr. Marlin, sir,” cried Mr. Geake. Having finished his bite of chicken, he now skittered with incredible roach speed to catch up. “If some of the cooks see us, what will happen?”
“They’ll probably try to smash us,” said Mr. Marlin casually. “Or use bug spray on us. There are some marvelous bug killers on the market these days, you know. They kill instantly—very handy to have around the kitchen.”
My legs were trembling so hard it was hard to walk—or rather skitter, since roaches don’t really walk. What on earth were we doing here? 
As if he had read my mind, Mr. Marlin said, “We are here today to gain a new perspective on life. A view from the bottom, so to speak. I dare say, you’ll never smash a roach again without considering, for a split second at least, that you were once in its shoes. And then, of course, you’ll go ahead and step on it anyway, and end its miserable life with a loud pop, such as roaches make when stepped on.”
We had reached the edge of the cabinet, and found ourselves staring across a vast expanse of floor that looked bigger than a football field. On the other side of it was a massive round kettle in which something was cooking. My roach nose twitched in excitement, and my antenna twittered around as if they were going crazy. Whatever was cooking sure smelled good!
“There is our goal,” said Mr. Marlin, to our amazement. “That large cooking pot contains a particularly savory vegetable stew, being cooked for the unfortunates who have been given the option to stay after school and do make-up work. That’s something I’m sure none of you have ever done.”
He was right there. Everyone of us had been requested to do it, but none of us had (except perhaps Mr. Geake). We would sooner grab a pair of pliers and pull out our own teeth.
“Mr. Marlin, sir,” said Geake, jumping up and down again as if he had to go the bathroom. “If we go across to that pot, aren’t we likely to be seen by the cooks?”
“Probably,” said Mr. Marlin as if that fact was completely unimportant. “I tend to hope we all make it, of course. Are all of you fast runners?”
No one answered. He wasn’t serious, was he? Surely, we weren’t going to cross that huge expanse of open, visible floor space, where we would easily be spotted and then hunted down like the miserable bugs we were.
As if he had, once again, read our minds, Mr. Marlin gave us all a quick roach smile (if there is such a thing) and then darted off across the open floor, calling out after us, “Follow me, please!” 
Only Geake was stupid enough to follow—which proved to be incredibly wise of him, in the end. With tremendous speed, Mr. Marlin and Geake made it across the floor. The rest of us looked around nervously, and were amazed to see that none of the cooks had noticed anything.
“I can see,” called out Mr. Marlin to us, in a distant voice, “by your enthusiastic tendency to follow without hesitation that you have no fear of the cooks around us. The fact that they stand ready to smash you happily to a pulp if given a chance has no bearing on your tiny insect minds.”
I suddenly heard Tyson snarl next to me. “Nobody calls me chicken and gets away with it!” Is that what Mr. Marlin had just said? If so, I hadn’t picked up on it! But regardless of anything, Tyson darted madly across the open space to join Mr. Marlin and Geake.
That did it. Now that going across the open space had become a sign of bravery—or cowardice—it was obvious that we all had to do it. My roach heart pounded madly in my roach exoskeleton. This was insane! Why were we risking or lives just to show everyone we weren’t afraid? After all, everyone of us knew that we were all petrified!
Suddenly Steel darted across the floor, followed—surprisingly—by Wall, Wilson and Peterson. They all made it safely. Bowly, Angel and Kirchner followed, as well as a few others. They made it too! Poindexter didn’t go yet, but stayed at my side.
“Hey, Drywater!” taunted Tyson from across the open space. “Gonna be the only wimpy one that doesn’t go?”
I was willing to be. Who wants to be stepped on, after all? But of course, I knew that cowardice wasn’t an option when you had to live with a crew like Steel and Tyson in your class. Might as well hand them a baseball bat and say, ‘Go ahead; beat me up as bad as you can!’
I closed my eyes and offered a short prayer, then darted madly out into the open space. I could hear Poindexter right behind me. A surge of gratitude coursed through me, that he had waited in order to come with me.
Suddenly a massive shadow sprang across the space between me and the rest of the class. Looking up, I was horrified to see the angry face of one of the cooks glaring down at me. And then she swung her broom! 
After that everything seemed to go in slow motion, like one of those old fashioned movies. Slowly I saw the broom swinging nearer and nearer. I was unable to move. Then I felt a shove. Poindexter was pushing me! Quick as lightning, I darted off—not toward Marlin and the others, but away from the broom!
Whack! The broom crashed into the floor where I had been standing a split second before. Did it get Poindexter? There was no way to know.
“You lousy, little pest!” yelled the cook as she charged after me, swinging her broom wildly. 
Another shadow blocked my path. It was another cook! She must have been a tap dancer in her spare time, because quick as lightning she stuck out her foot to smash me. I darted to the left. So did her foot. I darted to the right. Her foot did too. And then I saw the broom swinging down again from the cook behind me.
This was it! The bitter end. I closed my eyes and charged forward, knowing that at any second my exoskeleton would be crunched flat as a sheet of paper, and my white, roach innards would ooze out all over.
But it didn’t happen. I opened my eyes—and was amazed at what I saw.
I was flying! Really flying! I could feel my roach wings beating powerfully through the air, saw the startled look of horror as I zipped past the cook’s face (and nearly got snagged in her hairnet), and saw the entire kitchen below me. This was fantastic!
“This is wild!” cried a strangled voice beside me. Turning my head (which isn’t easy for a roach to do), I was surprised to see Poindexter flying next to me. He had made it too! He wasn’t smashed!
Together, we swooped over the kitchen. We could see the shiny pots and pans, the heads of lettuce, the moldy bread used for today’s lunch, the startled faces of the cooks, and the cheering mass of roaches under the big cooking pot. 
And that’s where we chose to land. After all, roaches never fly for long. With a noisy buzz and an incredible rush of speed, we shot under the big pot and knocked over our fellow roach students as if they were a bunch of bowling pins.
“Well done,” said Mr. Marlin in a kindly tone, as he looked down on Poindexter and I with his protruding roach eyes. “A masterful job of evasion, well executed.”
Then he looked up, as if suddenly remembering something of minor importance. “Of course, your landing here has alerted the cooking staff to our presence. And they are, even now, approaching with two cans of bug spray, three brooms, and a loaf of moldy bread to throw at us.”
“What do we do?” screamed half the class in total terror.
“It does seem that we have only seconds left to live,” said Mr. Marlin casually, as he scratched his roach chin with his antenna. “So the solution is obvious. Let’s all just sit down quietly and calmly on the floor while we meet our bitter end.”
We all stared at him as if he were mad. And then the whole scene wavered. It was as if we were watching a TV out of focus, one that just kept getting worse the more you adjusted the dial.
And suddenly we were back in class. Mr. Marlin stood smiling before us. On his desk were the disgusting old toaster, spatula and greasy old grill. Relief washed over all of us like a tidal wave. We weren’t going to be smashed!
“My, what a tediously boring day we’ve all had!” said Mr. Marlin with a yawn. “I really think you students live lives that are too calm. You should try to get out and do more—take more risks.”
No one answered him. Our hearts were still pounding too hard.
Suddenly the bell rang. Mr. Marlin looked over at it as if it were a meatball that someone had just splattered all over the wall. “Well, how time flies when you’re being bored,” he said conversationally. “Class dismissed. Try to look more lively tomorrow.” He turned and began scratching with his pencil on the whiteboard, making a highly irritating scraping sound.
As I got shakily to my feet, I noticed Poindexter looking at me, a big smile on his face. He gave me a thumbs up sign. I smiled weakly in return. Then he stood up and walked out of class.
And with wobbly knees that felt like they might buckle any second, I followed him.

CHAPTER NINE - The Awful Truth
Two hours later the school day ended, and like everyone else at Millard Fillmore Middle School I was more than happy to leave. I was halfway home, deep in thought about my bizarre roach experience, when I happened to reach into my pants pocket—and found that nothing was there. My watch! Grandpa’s pocket watch was gone! How had I lost it?
In frantic worry, I searched through all of my pockets. It wasn’t there! I threw down my backpack in a patch of mud and rummaged hurriedly through its contents. Not there either! I must have left it at school!
I turned around and raced back toward school as fast as I could go. There was no way I was going to lose Grandpa’s watch! If I didn’t find it I’d probably have a nervous breakdown, since there wouldn’t be anything to swing madly in times of stress.
Where had I seen it last? I knew I had it when I left for school. And I remembered twirling it in Mrs. Gordon’s English class, mainly to irritate Amy Superior who sat next to me, who always got A’s on every assignment.
Did I have it at lunchtime? My mind kept thinking hard, while my legs pounded as fast as they could go. Yes, I did! I remember dunking it in my milk, so I could then swing it around and spray the people all around me.
Where had I lost it then? Fifth period health class? No. I remembered using it to jam into the bottom of my shoe right before Mrs. Pane measured our height, so I'd look taller.
Thinking hard, I realized I couldn't remember having it in seventh period history or eighth period art. I must have lost it in science class then. Surely I hadn’t had it when I was a roach, had I? Because if I lost it then, it would be in the cafeteria!
I dashed in the front door of the school, past a shocked Principal Clark who was always surprised at any student rushing into his school, rather than out of it. I would try my science classroom first. If it wasn’t there, then I’d check out the cafeteria.
I bolted up the stairs, and was just turning toward science class, when I was astounded to see none other than Donny Poindexter coming down the hall from the other direction. He looked as shocked to see me as I did to see him. School was like a disease that we both tried to get as far away from as possible when it ended.
“Uh … I forgot my pocket watch,” I stammered. “Must have left it in the classroom.”
“Forgot my backpack,” he said uncomfortably. How could you forget a backpack, I wondered? A small little thing like a pocket watch could be overlooked maybe, but a great big thing like a backpack? Especially in sixth period, with two classes left to go? Still, I didn’t say anything to him about it.
Silently we approached the classroom door. We could see that the light in the room was still on. We were just about to charge in and look for our stuff when we suddenly heard voices from inside that made us stop.
“Well, I say you’ve had long enough!” said one. “You’ve had plenty of time to pick out the one.”
A cold feeling of horror leaped into my stomach. I knew that voice! It was Skinpeeler!
Poindexter and I exchanged looks of terror. It was clearly time to get out of here, pocket watch and backpack or not! We had both turned to run, when we heard another voice--a voice that stopped us cold.
“I still need more time,” it said. “I must make sure. This is too critical of a decision to just rush into it!”
Poindexter and I looked at each other with eyes so wide they looked like dinner plates. That was Mr. Marlin’s voice!!
What was he doing talking to Skinpeeler?!
Poindexter and I were both frozen in the hall. I don’t think either of us could have moved if we had wanted to.
“You’re always too cautious!” cried Skinpeeler in a menacing voice. “My boss agrees that now is a good time to act! I say we do it today!”
“Really?” said Mr. Marlin casually, not in the least bit afraid. “My boss says it’s o.k. to wait a little longer, if I want. It looks like we are at a stalemate. That is, unless you wish to duel…?”
There was muttering from the classroom, obviously from Skinpeeler. Then he said unexpectedly, “Look, Marlin, this whole thing was your idea! I was against it from the start. If we’d done things my way, we’d have what we want by now!”
“If we’d done things your way, everything would have backfired,” said Mr. Marlin, in an uncharacteristic tone of anger. “The potion would have been wasted, and it would take years to make a new batch!”
There was more grumbling from within the classroom. Poindexter and I looked at each other, pain in both of our eyes. Mr. Marlin was a fraud! Skinpeeler had said plainly that whatever they were up to was Mr. Marlin’s idea from the beginning! 
“Which one of them is it then?” asked Skinpeeler suddenly, nearly shouting. “You know, don’t you? You’ve had enough tests to know!”
“I’m still not sure—“
“Oh, don’t give me that!” cried Skinpeeler. “We both know who it is. It’s obvious, isn’t it? It has to be the Drywater boy.”
My heart leaped into my throat. Me?! I looked at Donny, who was standing there with his eyes wide.
“You saw him today,” continued Skinpeeler. “For Pete’s sake, he flew! Through the air, like an airplane! And that first day, he jumped through the jump rope with his eyes closed! Some of the other bunglers couldn’t avoid getting burned with their eyes open! And don’t forget his deafening yell when he went into the book. He’s got the gift!”
Horror had gripped my mind. This wasn’t happening. They were talking about me! ME!! 
“I’m still not sure,” said Marlin again. “He has a gift, to be sure, but he’s also a bit fragile. We mustn’t forget that the potion requires one with strength. There are others in the class with plenty of that.”
“You mean the big, bully Poindexter, don’t you?” said Skinpeeler in a strangled voice.
“You have to admit that he flew as well, today,” said Mr. Marlin. “And he has displayed little fear. He tried to attack you, remember?”
“Yes, the fool!” said Skinpeeler. “I had to freeze him in the air. I’ll admit he’s got courage. But I don’t think he has as much of the gift as the Drywater boy. And he won't be as easily controlled, either.”
“Let’s give it more time,” said Mr. Marlin calmly. “Just one more test. Then we’ll know for sure.”
“You and your tests!” ranted Skinpeeler. “Always the cautious one! You’re likely to test us into eternity! And that week's delay when you left to go back and get the potion didn’t help. We’ll be old ourselves by the time you’re through! I’m going to my boss and demand that we take him tonight!”
“You’ll do no such thing!” thundered Mr. Marlin.
There was a moment of tense silence. Poindexter and I looked at each other. We had heard enough. None of the fear or terror I had felt over the last few days could compare to what I was feeling at that moment. It was bigger than fear. I had to get away. I had to! NOW! 
Quick as lightning, I darted down the hall. I didn’t care if they heard me and followed or not. All I cared about was running. I had to get away. I had to escape!
I thundered down the stairs, nearly stumbling. Glancing to my left, I saw Poindexter right next to me. His face looked insolent and angry. I didn’t know what mine looked like. And I didn’t care.
At the bottom of the stairs, we charged toward the front door of the school. We had nearly reached it when Poindexter suddenly bellowed at me, “STOP!”
I stopped. 
“We’ve got to tell someone!” he said intensely. “We need help!”
“But who do we tell?” I asked in a tight voice. I was surprised that I was able to speak at all. My voice sounded faraway and distant.
Poindexter’s face screwed up in deep concentration. “There’s always our parents,” he said after a minute. 
“And you think they’ll believe us?” I said in amazement.
“But who else is there?” he shouted. Suddenly he looked past me, seeing something. I turned quickly to look, but there was nothing there. Just an open door to a classroom.
“Isn’t that Hornsby’s room?” asked Poindexter unexpectedly.
“I guess so,” I stammered. “So what?”
“We can tell him!” he suddenly exclaimed in triumph. “After all, he already knows about Skinpeeler! Nobody else does!”
“I guess you’re right,” I said slowly.
“Come on!” yelled Poindexter, shoving me down the hall. For the second time that day I flew. 
We stumbled into Mr. Hornsby’s classroom. He was shuffling some papers on his desk, behind a large assortment of test tubes. Looking up, he said pleasantly, “Yes, can I help you?”
“You sure can,” said Poindexter, pushing me into the room. “We’ve got something awful to tell you!”
Mr. Hornsby’s eyebrows raised in surprise. “Really?” he said in a condescending tone. “Have a seat then, and tell me your ‘awful’ story.”
Poindexter shoved me into a chair. I looked up at Mr. Hornsby, then over at Poindexter. Suddenly the tense emotions I had been feeling, the shock of what we had just discovered about Mr. Marlin, the reality of what Skinpeeler was planning all became too much for me. When I opened my mouth, I couldn’t say a word. In horror I realized that I was feeling an unusual amount of moisture in my eyes.
This was bad. I couldn’t start bawling like some sissy girl! But every time I tried to speak, I could tell that if I were dumb enough to make any sound, it would turn into the blubbering of a two-year-old baby.
I ducked my head, trying to get a grip on myself. In a wobbly voice that sounded high pitched and squeaky, I stammered, “I think I’ve got something in my eye.” There was silence in the room while I stared at the floor, which looked kind of blurry.
Suddenly Poindexter spoke up. His voice was a little wobbly, but he was able to control it enough to tell our story to Mr. Hornsby. And while he did, I was able to blink the blasted tears out of my eyes.
Mr. Hornsby listened to Poindexter’s tale patiently without saying anything. It was hard to tell whether he believed it or not. He just kept raising his eyebrows in strange ways. When the story was finished, Mr. Hornsby stood up and started to pace back and forth. He said nothing. Every once in awhile, he would stop and look at us curiously. Then he would pace again.
Finally, he stopped and said simply, “There’s only one thing to do.” Then he headed for the door. When he was there, he stopped and looked back at us. “I’m going to get the school nurse.” Then he disappeared down the hall.
My heart sank as Poindexter and I looked at each other in disappointment. He hadn’t believed us. All that explaining was for nothing! Now what were we going to do? The school nurse would just think we were nutso.
We sat there like a couple of stupid zombies. What a fix we were in. It was unbelievable, yet it was real. I felt like I was living a nightmare. It was no surprise that Poindexter was in it, since he had been in all of my nightmares for years.
But the worst thing about this nightmare was Mr. Marlin. I had trusted him. I had believed in him. I had really thought he cared for me, and was trying to protect me. And now I’d found out that he was a fraud! He had been ‘testing’ us and toying with us all along! He apparently was planning on using someone in our class—probably me—for some unknown purpose! And he had lied to us about why he was gone for a week. It was to go get his silly potion, rather than to bring Skinpeeler out into the open like he’d said. 
Minutes passed. We kept waiting, expecting the school nurse to come in any second, look at us pityingly, and say something like, “My goodness, don’t we have strong imaginations today! Let’s take your temperatures!” But she didn’t come.
We knew we should leave. Now was the perfect opportunity. After all, our families would be wondering where we were (at least mine would—if Poindexter’s family were all as mean as him, they probably didn’t care). We should just march right out and find someone else to tell.
But we were just too tired. I was spent. I didn’t think I could even get up off the chair. Everything had seemed to all come crashing down on me at once when we told Hornsby our story. I just couldn’t handle anything anymore.
Finally, there was a stirring at the door. Mr. Hornsby came back into the room. He was smiling. “You’ll be happy to know, that I think I have a solution to your problem!”
Poindexter and I looked at him, hope bleeding out of our eyes. But rather than answer, Mr. Hornsby merely turned to the door expectantly. 
At first there was no one there. And then the last thing in the world that either Poindexter or I had expected took place. In walked Mr. Skinpeeler and Mr. Marlin—each dressed in wizard robes!

CHAPTER TEN - An Unexpected Choice
“Mr. Drywater,” said Mr. Marlin with what looked like pain in his eyes, “your unexpected eavesdropping has created a rather awkward situation for us. I had hoped this moment wouldn’t come quite this soon. I don’t think you’re ready.”
“You beast!!” yelled Poindexter in a strangled voice. He dove through the air toward Mr. Marlin—and then was frozen solid. But what was even more shocking was who froze him there. It wasn't Mr. Marlin or Skinpeeler. It was Mr. Hornsby! He carelessly twirled the wand that had magically appeared in his hand, then gazed at me with a smug look on his face while I stared back at him with massive bug eyes.
“Thank you for coming to me with your little problem,” said Mr. Hornsby. His whole face looked different, and he was sneering. “I was waiting to hear back on which of you two it would be—and here you both came charging in to me! Your timing was perfect.”
“Now, see here, Hornsby,” said Mr. Marlin, stepping forward. “I still believe that Mr. Drywater is not ready. If you give him the potion now, it could have the most devastating result!”
Give ME the potion? What on earth was he talking about?
Mr. Hornsby gazed at Mr. Marlin, a look of amusement on his face. Without taking his eyes off Mr. Marlin, he said suddenly, “What’s your opinion, Skinpeeler—my junior wizard!”
Mr. Marlin’s face went white in sudden realization. “YOU!” he cried at Hornsby. He stared back and forth between Skinpeeler and Hornsby. “You’re his boss wizard! You!”
Hornsby laughed. “Of course. Who did expect? Gandolf?”
Skinpeeler laughed, a nasty, brutish sort of laugh that made my skin crawl. “Drywater’s ready, all right,” he said in a slithering voice that made me want to throw up. “More than ready.” 
Mr. Hornsby paced slowly across the room. “No,” he said unexpectedly, turning on Skinpeeler. “I’m not entirely convinced that he is ready. You see, I have to take careful consideration of the advice of my other junior wizard—who happens to be Mr. Marlin!”
Now it was Skinpeeler’s turn to be shocked. “YOU!” he cried, as if he were an echo of Mr. Marlin of a minute before. “You’re HIS boss wizard, too?”
“Indeed,” said Hornsby with a snide smile. “Unknown to either of you, the wizard counsel decided the best way to keep an eye on you two would be to have just one boss in charge, rather than two. So they arranged for me to be boss wizard for both of you. It’s been a little tricky in hiding it from the two of you, but very handy to keep an eye on you both.”
“Sir,” came a sudden, unexpected raspy voice from somewhere in the room. To my shock, I realized it was coming from Poindexter, who was still hanging frozen in the air. “This is getting kind of uncomfortable. Can I get down now?”
“Certainly,” said Horsnby. With a wave of his wand, Poindexter dropped to the floor. Slowly he got up, anger written all over his face. He came over and sat next to me.
But even though he couldn’t attack them with his fists, Poindexter still had his mouth. And as I had learned only too well over the years, he knew how to use it.
“You liar!” he said in a terse voice to Mr. Marlin. “You cheat! You’re a fraud! You were tricking us all along!”
Mr. Marlin’s eyes looked pained, and he didn’t respond. But Skinpeeler did. “That’s right, little boy,” he croaked in his slimy voice. “He told you part of the truth, but not all of it. You see, he was correct that our potion had a missing ingredient that we badly needed. He just failed to say that the missing ingredient was one of you!”
Poindexter was almost never at a loss for words. But he was now. What Skinpeeler had said caught him completely off guard. Me too.
“Yep,” said Mr. Hornsby casually, almost as if he were bored with the conversation. “The potion is no good to us if we drink it, even though I know Mr. Marlin told you otherwise. It doesn't do a wizard any good. Rather, we needed to find a human with a certain gift for magic to drink the potion. Not that the human would actually have real magical powers themselves, mind you. Rather, they would have the ability to make use of the magic that was given to them from one of us. If such a human drinks the potion, he or she becomes a powerful weapon for us to use.” 
Turning to Mr. Marlin, he continued. “It was Mr. Marlin here who suggested we come to your school to find such a person. Prior to that, we were going to just go out into cities and neighborhoods to find someone. But he thought if he posed as a teacher he could conduct a few little ‘tests’ and find someone with the gift. That would save us the trouble of having to find a person by random testing—which would naturally result in our having to kill everyone we tested who didn’t have the gift, until we found someone that did!”
My eyes opened even wider, even though it didn’t seem possible that they could. He was talking about killing people as casually as if he were ordering fries at McDonalds!
Mr. Hornsby unexpectedly turned on Skinpeeler. “Of course, Skinpeeler here nearly ruined Marlin’s plan by showing up one day in your class while Marlin was gone to get the potion. He pretended to be a substitute, with the claim that he was looking for Marlin. However, his real purpose was to try to do a little testing of his own. He thought that probing into your mind, Mr. Drywater, would tell him if you had the gift—which was silly, of course. A mind probe can’t tell such things. Naturally I stepped in and stopped him before he could do you any real damage.”
Unexpectedly, Mr. Marlin turned on Hornsby. “Why are you explaining all this to them?” he asked in a tight voice. “They don’t need to know it. The decision is now up to you. You’ve had the advice of your junior wizards as to whether Mr. Drywater is the one, and if he’s ready to drink the potion. You must cast the deciding vote.”
Mr. Hornsby smiled at both of his junior wizards. He walked slowly and deliberately over to me, and looked down into my frightened eyes. I just sat there, helpless. I was beaten, and I knew I was. 
Hornsby turned suddenly back to Marlin and Skinpeeler. “Duel it out,” he said casually, as if he didn’t really care. “I’ll take the advice of whoever wins.”
“But, we’re equally matched!” cried Marlin. “No one will win!”
“Want to bet on that?” said Skinpeeler, pointing his wand at Marlin. A bolt of light shot across the room. Quick as lightning, Marlin swung up his own wand. A huge shield appeared out of nowhere, in mid air. It caught the full impact of Skinpeeler’s bolt of light, and shattered into a thousand pieces.
“Nice,” said Skinpeeler, waving his wand. About a hundred knives suddenly appeared out of nowhere and flew toward Marlin. “But not nice enough.”
Marlin waved his wand, and suddenly the knives became flower petals, all of which fluttered in a shower to the floor. “Must you do the typical evil wizard thing, and make snide comments while you throw your spells my way?” said Marlin in an air of exasperation.
“Of course!” cried Skinpeeler, waving his wand. Suddenly the ceiling disappeared, and a whale—I’m not kidding, it was a real live whale—fell toward us at frightening speed. “It’s what they train us to do at the evil wizard academy.”
“They haven’t taught you very well,” said Marlin, waving his wand and changing the whale into a tiny little hummingbird, which flew away and disappeared. “At my school, they taught us to concentrate, not talk!”
“Then why are you talking?” said Skinpeeler, waving his wand. Dozens of blood-sucking leaches suddenly appeared all over Marlin’s face and arms and hands.
“Because it helps me to concentrate!” replied Marlin calmly, as he waved his wand and the leaches suddenly turned into butterflies which flittered silently away.
 Hornsby sat behind his desk, laughing his head off. “My goodness, you two are so quaint!” he called out. “I haven’t heard such silly banter since I battled old Socrates, over 3,000 years ago!”
During this whole time, Poindexter and I just sat and stared. I felt as insignificant as a fly on the wall of a kitchen, waiting to get smashed by a flyswatter. Poindexter just sat there and fumed.
Suddenly, Skinpeeler pointed his wand directly at me. In horror, I felt myself being lifted into the air. Looking down, I saw a pit of fire where I had been sitting just a minute before. The flames were so hot I was instantly bathed in sweat.
“Look up as well, my boy,” said Skinpeeler, pointing to the air above me. Looking up I was appalled to see a massive set of shark jaws, ready to snap closed on my feeble body.
“Try and get out of that, if you can!” cried Skinpeeler in a snide voice to Marlin. “Take care of the fire, and in the split second that takes you, I flick my wand and the shark’s got him. Take care of the shark, and in that split second, he drops into the fire!” He smiled in sheer, cruel pleasure.
For the first time, Mr. Marlin looked troubled. Suddenly, he pulled an object from his pocket. In shock I recognized it as my pocket watch! Why did he have it?
He tossed it across to me. “Quick!” he cried. “Open it and drink!”
Hornsby instantly ceased laughing, and roared to his feet. “I thought you said he wasn’t ready for the potion!”
“He’s not ready to die, either!” cried Marlin.
I held the watch in my palm, not knowing what to do. Frankly, I didn’t even understand. If I opened the lid of the watch, what was I supposed to drink? How would anything to drink have gotten into it?
Unless … Sudden realization flooded over me like a wave. Mr. Marlin had told us he had been living in something one of us owned. Something small. Something exactly like my pocket watch! And if he had been living there, naturally he could have kept the potion in there too!
Suddenly, the fire beneath me and shark above me disappeared—and then re-appeared below and above Mr. Marlin!
“Now, you’re in the same trap!” cried Skinpeeler at Marlin. “That’s the main trick they taught us at the academy. When your enemy is an old softy, just create a double trap on someone they want to protect, and then they’ll let their guard down. Then flip the double trap to them, and it’s all over.”
“Well done,” said Hornsby to Skinpeeler in admiration. “There’s no way Marlin can escape. If he tries to save himself from one danger, the other will get him. Very creative of you, Skinpeeler, to flip it over to Marlin like that. It looks like you come off the victor of this little duel.”
“Does he?” said Marlin. They both looked at him in surprise. “It’s true, that if I cure one of these little difficulties, the other will get me. But have you forgotten the watch in Drywater’s hands?”
“What’s that got to do with it?” Skinpeeler demanded.
“It’s simple, really,” said Marlin calmly. “It’s something they taught at my academy. If your enemy flips a double trap on an innocent bystander, divert their attention while preparing another plan. If Drywater drinks the potion now, in the midst of our duel, since I am the one who gave it to him, he will be on my side. That’s the nature of the potion, you know. Whoever gives it to him will be his master, and then their power will exceed that of any wizard—or any legion of wizards—on earth!”
I looked down at the pocket watch in my hands. He had to be kidding! Me?! Powerful! That was ridiculous!
“Marlin does have a point,” said Hornsby with a slow smile. Then he turned to look at me. “What will it be, Mr. Drywater? Will you drink the potion, and save your teacher? If you do, he will be your master. If you don’t Skinpeeler here will kill Marlin and win the duel—and then force you to drink the potion anyway. Then HE will be your master! What do you think?”
I just looked at him like he was crazy. “Don’t do it!” cried Poindexter. “They’re all crazy! Throw it back to one of them!”
Everyone was staring at me, expectantly. What was I to do? Who was I to trust? Was Hornsby telling the truth? Was Marlin? Wasn’t Marlin a fraud? Should I do as Poindexter said? 
I felt so tired. I ached to simply get away from all this madness, to flee, to escape! I didn’t want any part of this! Why was I in this fix? Why me!
I opened the lid of the watch, and to my surprise, I saw on the broken side where the watch face was gone and the gears were exposed that a tiny bottle had been tucked inside. It had a single drop of blood red liquid in it. There really was a potion in there! Was it true that if I drank it, I would gain tremendous power? But then I’d be under their control! This was insane!
“Don’t do it!” cried Poindexter again. 
“It’s the best choice you can make,” said Mr. Marlin, looking deep into my eyes. “I know you don’t trust me right now, but believe me, it’ll be worse if you don’t drink it!” 
“Worse for you, Marlin,” said Skinpeeler with a sneer, “since you’ll die if he doesn’t drink it!”
“Well, what choice will it be, Mr. Drywater?” asked Hornsby curiously. “It truly is your choice. It doesn’t matter much to me.”
“Don’t drink it!” said Skinpeeler. “Do as you friend says—throw it back to one of us. Don’t trust Marlin!”
My head was swimming. What was I to do? Their eyes were all boring into me. I had to do something!
Quick as a wink, I pulled out the tiny bottle and drank the drop—part of it. I then tossed the bottle down to Poindexter. “Drink the rest!” I yelled. Thankfully, he did so without any hesitation.

CHAPTER ELEVEN - The Test of Power
I suddenly felt very strange. It seemed like that teeny little half drop I drank was oozing its way down through my body, all the way to my toes. It didn’t feel like power at all. It felt more like I had an overpowering urge to throw up–but couldn’t!
All three of the wizards were looking curiously at Poindexter and me. And then they did a strange thing. Rather, Hornsby and Skinpeeler did a strange thing. They started to laugh! It wasn’t a pleasant laugh, like when you’ve heard a good joke. It was a cruel laugh, like when you’ve just done something horrible and are proud of it. And standing behind them, I saw Mr. Marlin hang his head down in shame and sorrow! What was going on now?
“Thank you, Mr. Drywater,” said Hornsby with a flourish. “And you too, Mr. Poindexter. You see, we had a little problem. We had the potion ready to use, and we had found you two as our possible missing ingredient, since you both have a flair for wizardry if given wizard power. But the potion will only truly work if the human who drinks it does so willingly, rather than being forced. So, if we had forced you to drink the potion, it would have had no effect on you at all!” He smiled jubilantly as if he had just told the funniest joke in the world.
“You mean,” said Poindexter slowly, “that this whole duel thing was—“
“Another trick?” said Hornsby. “Yes, that’s exactly right. We had to find a way to induce you to drink the potion willingly, knowing what it was, and knowing how we intended to use it. Only in that way does the potion give you a full measure of its power!”
“You deceived us?” I said, looking piercingly at Mr. Marlin. “Again?” He still hung his head in shame, and wouldn’t look me in the eye. The fire below him and shark mouth above were gone. “This whole thing was just a big trick, to get me to drink the potion out of pity for you, because I thought it would save you?” He continued to stare dismally at the floor.
“Ah, but don’t forget,” said Mr. Hornsby, “your decision to drink it helped you too, my boy. I suspect that what made you finally decide to drink it was the thought that, even though you no longer fully trusted Mr. Marlin, you’d still rather be controlled by him than by Skinpeeler. Am I right?”
I nodded in agreement, unable to speak.
“Then you can hardly blame Mr. Marlin,” Hornsby said. “The key thing is, that you drank it willingly, in spite of everything else. But unfortunately, your notion about who would control you is not correct.” Mr. Hornsby’s ridiculous smile broadened even more. “Neither one of them will control you, or ever could control you. That was only another little lie we told you. Indeed, only I can control you!”
“NO!” cried Poindexter, rising to his feet. He was seething with rage so much that it looked like the blood vessels would pop out of his neck.
“Oh, yes, I’m afraid it’s true,” said Hornsby with a self-satisfied laugh. “They’re only junior wizards, after all. Why give control of the most powerful potion in the wizarding world to one of them? It needs to be controlled by a master—someone with millennia of experience, who knows how to use it!” He suddenly looked frenzied and wild eyed. Mary Ellen Paul was wrong. He was not a very good teacher.
“I don’t have any power,” I said suddenly, surprised that I was so calm. “None at all. You couldn’t use me if you wanted to!”
“Oh, you don’t think so, eh?” he said with a gleam in his eye. Suddenly, he pointed at the clock. “Look at the clock!” he commanded. Against our wills, both Poindexter and I looked. “Mr. Drywater, please turn the clock into a pepperoni pizza with anchovies and mushrooms.”
I hate anchovies. But suddenly, where the clock used to be, was the accursed pizza that Hornsby had asked for! Since the pizza was on its side on the wall, the cheese and pepperoni all started to ooze down toward the floor, leaving a yucky looking red streak on the wall.
“The only amusing and unexpected development in all this,” said Hornsby, pacing back and forth before us, “is that I didn’t expect both of you to drink the potion. Now I have two of you rather than just one. I had thought of splitting up the formula, of course, to increase the number of humans under my control, but I decided not to because I thought that would weaken the result. Better to have one all-powerful human that I could control, rather than two or more weaker ones. Now however, I have no choice in the matter. We’ll have to do a little testing, to see the extent of your powers—to see which of you is stronger, and therefore which of you I will use the most.”
“You mongrel!” cried Poindexter. “You won’t get away with this!”
Hornsby looked at him with interest. “If I didn’t need you so much, I wouldn’t bother with you. And perhaps I won’t. If Mr. Drywater proves himself to have enough of the power, I may simply dispose of you as being of no further use.”
“If we’ve got so much power, what makes you think we won’t use it to destroy YOU?” cried Poindexter.
“Try it,” said Hornsby with a yawn. Poindexter glared at him. He flung his hands in the air and danced around. He made weird faces at Hornsby, and called him a few more names, some of which are not polite to repeat in public. Anywhere else and at any other time I would have laughed, he was so comical. Nothing happened.
“You see,” said Hornsby calmly, “you have no personal power at all. The only power you can exercise is if I tell you to do something. So I have absolutely nothing to worry about. You aren’t dangerous to me in the least!”
“Mr. Hornsby, please!” said Mr. Marlin, stepping forward. I was surprised that his voice was shaking and he looked profoundly worried. “I beg of you, don’t do this! I’ve played along and done what you required of me, but unwillingly. Let Drywater go! This is too much for him.”
Mr. Hornsby just scoffed at him in return. “Don’t try acting all self-righteous to me!” he cried. “Coming to this school was your idea, remember? We originally were going to start at a mall and just kidnap a few of the more capable looking goons we found there. But you insisted on going to a school of young people, telling us that their powers would be greater because of their youth!”
“But I tell you, he’s not ready!” cried Marlin, wringing his hands. “He’s still too fragile! You could kill him! Then what good would the potion do you?”
My hands were shaking uncontrollably. I had long since passed the point where I could handle what was going on. I found myself staring blankly at the wall beneath the pizza/clock, counting the number of pepperonis that were still clinging to the goo.
Mr. Hornsby looked at me curiously. “Why don’t we go and have a little test of Mr. Drywater’s powers, then?” he said calmly. “We’ll see if your fears are well founded.” He paused. “After all,” he added slyly, “if he proves too weak as you say, and is destroyed by his new power, I still have Poindexter …”
Before Poindexter could scream another insult at him, he waved his wand. And in that instant the world seemed to turn upside down. The breath was crushed out of me as I felt myself traveling at tremendous speed—so fast that everything around me was just a meaningless blur.
And then we stopped. I fell instantly to my hands and knees. I was so weak! It felt like someone had reached in with a pair of pliers and pulled all the strength right out of me.
“Are you o.k.?” said a shaky voice next to me. It was Poindexter. He was down on the ground too, and his face looked white as paste. But in spite of his weakness, he looked at me with uncharacteristic concern in his bulging eyes.
I merely nodded. I couldn’t say anything, since my tongue felt thicker than a dirty old sweatsock.
“Well, Marlin, your doomsday prediction is absolutely wrong so far,” said Hornsby’s voice above me, cheerfully. “There isn’t a human on earth that could have made such a long trip, and still have anything other than mush in their brains. They didn't have the protection this time that your jump rope gave them when they went to England. But our two little specimens seem to be just fine, although slightly shaken …”
I could sense him peering down at me. Suddenly I felt something cold and clammy on my chin, pulling my head up. It was his hand! He looked deep into my eyes. Then he laughed.
Turning to Marlin, he said joyously, “You young cad, you! His eyes show that he’s stronger for the journey, not weaker! What sort of nonsense are you trying to spread, about his not being ready!”
I sure didn’t feel stronger. I felt like I was about to gag in my own saliva.
“I’m telling you, it’s still too much for him,” said Mr. Marlin worriedly. “Look at how he still can’t get up!”
“Could you, the first time you traveled that fast without a protection?” said Hornsby with a sneer. “Come off it, Marlin. Stop playing games! He’s ready! And we’re going to test him right now!”
“Stop!” cried Mr. Marlin desperately. “If the Steward of Light were here, you wouldn’t do this. You wouldn’t dare!” 
I looked at Mr. Marlin groggily. Who in the blazes was the Steward of Light?
Hornsby sneered at him. “The Steward of Light is dead!” he said with contempt. “Everybody knows that!” Roughly, he pulled me to my feet. For the first time, I took notice of my surroundings. We seemed to be on a barren mountain side, partially covered in snow. Not far away was what looked like a small castle, constructed in a strange oriental style. 
“My boy,” said Hornsby blandly, “we are now in North Korea. We traveled here in just under two seconds. That castle yonder belongs to a certain band of wizards who have shut themselves off from the rest of the wizarding world, and who threaten death to any wizard who comes near them. They are said to be developing some new weapon that will give them greater power than any other group of wizards on earth.”
I didn’t say anything. This was ridiculous and impossible. I closed my eyes tightly. Maybe if I kept them shut, this whole bizarre nightmare would go away.
“Open your eyes!” commanded Hornsby. My eyes popped open against their will. “I command you to go to the castle and knock it down! Kill any wizard who opposes you!”
“NO!” cried Marlin. “You’re asking too much of him! Stop, before it’s too late!” Hornsby just sneered at him. 
I could feel a strange sensation rising up within me. It felt like a fire was shooting through me with bolts of energy so powerful that nothing on earth could contain them. It seemed suddenly as if sparks must be shooting out of my eyes. This was unreal! The pocket watch I still held in my hand was glowing like a neon sign.
“My boy,” said Mr. Marlin, who had suddenly come over and put his hands on my shoulders. “Before you do this, I just want you to remember one thing.” He looked deep into my eyes, almost as if he were looking into my soul. My whole body still felt like it was shooting sparks. His eyes looked bloodshot, droopy, watery and yet strangely intense. And then he said unexpectedly, “Remember our second lesson. It’s only a textbook.”
He let go of me and I felt a wave of confusion and disappointment wash over me. What kind of nonsense advice was that? I looked down at him—and then realized that I wasn’t supposed to be looking down on him because he was taller than me! I was floating up in the air! This was bizarre.
Suddenly my body shot toward the castle like a streak of lightning. I tried to pull back, but found that I couldn’t. I looked down, and sparks were flying out of my hands—real sparks! I felt like Phillip Booth who was hit by lightning—only the lightning was inside me, fighting like crazy to get out!
My finger pointed involuntarily toward the castle. “NO!” I cried, trying to stop my own actions. But it was no use. A bolt of green light shot from my finger and demolished a wall of the castle. My finger pointed to the left, toward the front entrance. Another bolt of light disintegrated it in a shattering mass of sparks.
Funny looking monk-like wizards started streaming out of the castle. They started waving their wands at me and throwing spells my way. I felt my body being buffeted at the impact of their spells—all of which just bounced harmlessly off of me.
This could not be happening! How could I, Blake Drywater, a mere 5th grader, be destroying a wizard castle with my fingers? How could I be floating in the air 100 feet over everyone’s head, and take hit after hit of every wizard spell those monk guys down there could throw at me, and not feel a thing!
My finger slowly turned toward the monk guys. NO! I wasn’t a killer! I couldn’t do it! NO!
Yet I couldn’t seem to stop myself. My finger moved on its own. I was being totally controlled.
I closed my eyes. The little part of me that I still could control retreated into the darkest corner of my mind, just as it had that day I was on the moon about to be hit by an asteroid. And once more I found myself intensely repeating over and over and over, “It’s only a textbook! It’s only a textbook! It’s only a textbook!”
And then the words changed. I don’t know how or why. But suddenly I was saying over and over and over, “It’s only a bad dream! It’s only a bad dream! It’s only a bad dream! It’s not real at all!”
And then I fell into blackness so deep that it felt like I had been swallowed by the middle of the earth.

CHAPTER TWELVE - It Was Only a Dream
There was a buzzing in my ears. Something outside of my head was making a very annoying racket. What on earth could it be?
I opened my eyes. To my amazement, I was in science class! All of my classmates were there too, and the clock on the wall said it was almost time for the bell to ring!
The buzzing was from a little remote controlled helicopter that was flying through the room. At the front of the room was some middle-aged guy I had never seen before, wearing a wrinkled tie. “As we can see,” he said while working the controls on the remote control, “the rotating wings of the helicopter generate enough lift to keep it from crashing onto any of your heads.”
“Can you make it hover over Geake’s head?” asked Poindexter. “Maybe the updraft will open up his skull and pull out whatever tiny brain he’s got in there!”
“Very funny, Mr. Poindexter,” said the weird, unknown middle aged guy. He cradled the helicopter remote control in his hands as if it were a baby, while a look of sheer glee was written all over his face. It was obvious that whatever side benefit his class might get from learning about the science of flight was secondary. He was just playing with his toy in class like a little kid. 
I leaned over in my chair and whispered to Poindexter, “Hey, Donny, whatever happened to the Korean castle and all those monk-like wizards? And where’s Marlin, Hornsby and Skinpeeler?”
Poindexter looked at me as if something had just dribbled out of my nose. “Will you get with it, Densewater?” he hissed. “Mr. Marlin’s up there, playing with his helicopter. Hornsby’s probably in class acting like a jerk, as usual. I never heard of Skinpeeler or of any Korean monk wizards!”
I stared at him in disbelief. I thought Donny was my friend! Why was he acting like this? “I don’t get it!” I said. “We drank the formula, and then Hornsby took us to Korea!” Poindexter looked at me as if he thought my brain had split a leak. “Don’t you remember the potion at all?” I nearly cried. He still looked at me blankly. “We were roaches, and we flew, remember?”
“You’re a roach, all right!” Poindexter spat at me angrily, holding up his fist. “If you don’t shut up, I’ll squash you like one too! I don’t know what you’re talking about!”
This couldn’t be! I blinked my eyes rapidly, fighting back tears. It was as if Donny had forgotten everything we’d been through, and every kind thing he’d said to me. In exasperation, I turned around in my desk, and unexpectedly found the middle aged guy looking at me.
“Is anything wrong, Mr. Drywater?” he asked, raising an eyebrow.
“No, Mr. … uh … sir,” I said, not knowing what to call him. Some of the goofballs in the class sniggered.
“The name is Mr. Marlin,” said the middle-aged dude with a condescending smile. “I’ve been your science teacher since the start of the year, remember?”
No, I didn’t remember. But everybody else in class sure did! For the rest of the period, I heard nothing but snide remarks and nasty comments from everyone around me. “Hey, Drywater!” whispered Tyson from behind me, “did you forget and leave your brain in your refrigerator this morning? I’ll bet the leftovers in your fridge can do more with it than you can!”
I shriveled up in my chair, as small as I could get. What was going on? One minute I was blasting everything in North Korea to smithereens, and the next I was being tormented like usual by the bozos in school. And what had happened to Mr. Marlin? The funny looking guy up there with the paunchy stomach and his toy helicopter was definitely not the long-bearded Mr. Marlin I knew!
Finally the bell rang. The middle aged pretend Mr. Marlin rushed forward to retrieve his baby helicopter on the floor before anyone stepped on it on their way out. “Remember to read chapter five tonight in your texts,” he called out to the class as they noisily gathered up their books to leave. “It’s all about the wonders of flight!”
The wonders of flight! I could tell him a thing or two about that, from what I had just experienced.
I saw Poindexter heading out the door. Swallowing my fear, I darted after him. Maybe I’d get pulverized for this, but I had to find out what was going on!
“Hey, Donny!” I called out to him loudly in the hall. Slowly he turned toward me, pure malice written all over his face. That wasn’t a good sign. But like an idiot, I rushed on. “Don’t you remember any of it? Mr. Marlin, our science teacher, the guy with the beard, who was always saying ‘Good morning’ even though it was afternoon? And he took us through a jump rope to England where we saw some guy get hit by lightning, and then he made our text books come alive! You were eaten by a shark, remember? And then there was the wizard's duel between Mr. Marlin and Skinpeeler, and we went to Korea, and … and …”
I could tell it wasn’t registering in his feeble brain. I braced myself for his fist to come crashing into my jaw.
Then he did a very unexpected thing. Stepping up to me, he put his big, beefy hand on my shoulder and said with real concern in his voice—real concern, mind you, which is was rare for the old Poindexter I knew before we had become friends—“Maybe you better go see the school nurse.”
I looked at him with pleading in my eyes. “You don’t remember?” I choked. “None of it at all?” My eyes were welling up, and I brushed at them angrily. Not the blasted tear thing again!
He shook his head. “None of it at all. I think you’ve been eating pizza mixed with airplane glue, or something. You’re positively nuts!”
Then he turned and walked quickly away, shaking his head in disgust. I just stood there like an idiot, stunned. He didn’t remember. None of it. Not a bit. Nothing. Nada. My new best friend was no longer a friend at all. I just didn’t get it. Suddenly my stomach didn’t feel very good.
“Hi, Blake,” said a beaming Mary Ellen Paul as she trounced up to me. “We had the most fantastic science lessen from Mrs. Hornsby today. We made butter! We churned some cream until it turned all gross and yucky looking! And then we ate some! It made some kids sick. Cool, huh!”
I looked at her as if a purple piece of broccoli had sprouted out of her nose. “Did you say Mrs. Hornsby?” I asked wildly.
She looked at me funny. “Sure, who else?”
“But I thought your science teacher was a man!” I said bluntly. 
She blinked in surprise. Then she started to laugh. “Oh, Blake, you’re such a kidder. You really had me going there for a minute! Mrs. Hornsby, a man!” She laughed, then trounced off down the hall in search of some other victim to annoy.
I walked through the school in a daze. This was unreal. What had happened? How could everyone have suddenly forgotten everything? And how could Hornsby have changed from a man to a woman? 
Or was I the one with the problem? Was I losing it? Should I go see the school nurse like Poindexter said?
I sat in a stupor during the last two classes of the day, not hearing a word either teacher said. My brain felt like it had been fried with onions. When the final bell rang, l wandered vaguely down the hall and out the front door of the school, and down the sidewalk toward home. I just couldn’t figure out anything anymore. I started to spin grandpa's watch again, making it look like the paunchy guy's helicopter blades. But it didn't help.
Coming to the city park on my way home, I decided to go over and wander around. Maybe it would help calm my feeble brain.
What a fool I must have looked like to Poindexter and the whole class. Not even knowing who my teacher was! But the trouble was, I didn’t know him! I’d never seen him before that moment when I opened my eyes and there he was playing with his little toy helicopter.
And Poindexter. He must think I was positively bonkers, after I asked him about all those things he obviously didn’t remember. But how could he not remember them? He had been right there when I went through them all! None of it made any sense!
Passing a park bench, I brushed past some old dude who had his head buried in a newspaper. Just as I got past him, he called out from behind me, “Excuse me, young man, but do you have the time?” 
That voice! I knew that voice! It was Mr. Marlin!
Wildly, I spun around and practically pounced on him. “Mr. Marlin!” I fairly screamed. “What’s going on?! And what are you doing here?!”
He looked at me for a moment over his newspaper, his eyes squinting as if he were trying to understand. “Pardon me, but I’m afraid you have the better of me. My name is Manning Snulkbarf. And all I’m doing here is reading the paper.”
I looked at him with wild eyes. “You too!” I said again in a strangled voice. “You don’t remember either?!” He just looked at me with pity in his eyes.
I slumped down on the park bench next to him and buried my face in my hands. Suddenly I was bawling uncontrollably. And I didn’t care who saw me either. This was just too much.
“There, there,” said Mr. Marlin—or Snulkbarf, or whoever he was—“it can’t be all that bad. It’s a very beautiful middle-of-the-night, after all!”
I jerked my head up to stare at him, my bleary, tear-streaked eyes boring into his. He smiled at me. Then he slowly started to fold his newspaper up smaller and smaller, while he started to talk.
“No, I don’t really know who this Mr. Marlin person is that you’re referring to. But let’s suppose for a moment that I did. And let’s suppose for a moment—just pretending, mind you, and making believe—that we made up a story about how he was, let’s say, your science teacher.”
I let out a little gasp, but he kept going. “And let’s pretend that in fact he was not just an ordinary science teacher who was frustrated at having to go into teaching rather than work as a highly paid scientist at a pharmaceutical lab. But let’s say that instead he was, let us say, just to be different—a wizard.”
I gasped again. He smiled at me, then continued. “And let’s say that this make-believe wizard hid a powerful potion in your pocket watch, and when you drank it, some other evil wizard tried to control you and force you to destroy some other wizard dudes—“
“Stop pretending!” I cried. “It’s YOU! You’re Mr. Marlin, my science teacher!!”
He smiled at me sadly, and for a moment didn’t speak. Finally he said, “No, my boy, I’m not. I’m only pretending. You see, I have to. For if a certain young fellow stops saying to himself ‘It’s only a bad dream, it’s only a bad dream, it’s not real,’ and starts believing it again, then I’m afraid, we’re all going to be in a great deal of trouble!”
We looked at each other for a long time. My brain isn’t the fastest in the world, but slowly I started to put the pieces together. Finally, I looked away from him and sighed sadly. “I suppose you’re right,” I said blandly. “It is only a dream. It has to be.” And believe it or not, it really seemed like it! The whole thing was so unreal, that it just had to be a dream. It was sure a life-like dream, though!
He leaned over and patted me on the back. “Well, done!” he said triumphantly. “And just as I planned and hoped all along! I always thought that a potion that powerful—if one really existed, mind you, which it doesn't—would have to have the seeds of its own destruction within it. And all the person receiving the potion would have to do is use the power he was given to merely disbelieve—to realize, it was only a dream. His disbelief would nullify the very power itself. And a certain young, junior wizard would then have amazingly outwitted his superiors, and would have spared a great deal of pain and suffering among the humans that he has grown to like so well.”
He smiled at me. “Thank you, Mr. Drywater, for proving that certain junior wizard right—which of course, you never did, because none of this ever happened.”
He stood up abruptly. “Well, I’d best be off. It looks like there might be a lightning storm any minute.” There wasn’t a cloud in the sky.
I looked at him, almost pleadingly. “But it was so fun in the beginning! And now I know everything’s just going to be boring and awful, especially with you gone.”
“Oh, I don’t know,” said Mr. Snulkbarf. He suddenly looked at me knowingly. “You still have your friend Donny Poindexter!”
“Him!” I spat. “He hates me! And he’s constantly trying to prove it, too!”
“Is that so?” said Mr. Snulkbarf, a sly look in his eye. “I should think that a little careful reflection on your dream of what didn’t happen over the last few days—and it didn’t happen, mind you—would show Mr. Poindexter’s deeper feelings about you in an entirely different light! Perhaps those feelings merely need to be reawakened.”
A sudden thought streaked through my mind. “Poindexter!” I suddenly yelled. “He drank the potion too! That means he must remember! He has to remember, just like I do!”
Mr. Snulkbarf just smiled at me. “Perhaps,” he said slowly. “And perhaps, just like you, he has realized that it was all only a dream that he can never talk about.”
He swatted at a passing fly with his partly folded newspaper. “Or, perhaps he truly doesn’t remember,” he said suddenly. “Perhaps your disbelief is so complete—blessedly complete, I might add—and therefore is so powerful, that you even took his memory and even his drinking of the potion away too--assuming he ever drank it, which he obviously didn't.”
Suddenly he leaned over and picked up something from the ground at my feet. "I say, is this yours?" he asked curiously. 
It was the comb! That disgusting comb he had given me only a few days ago, that he said would give me protection!
I smiled suddenly. "Now I know it wasn't completely a dream!" I said. "You gave me that comb! And people you meet in dreams can't give you something as real as that!"
Mr. Marlin looked at the comb, raising an eyebrow. "You say I gave this to you?" he asked in surprise. "My goodness! You must have been dreaming! I would never give something as disgusting as this!" He dropped it on the park bench.
Then he smiled at me again, with those same old grey teeth that matched his suit. “Be seeing you around, young man,” he said casually. "And don't forget to comb your hair, now and again." Then he sauntered off, stuffing his now many folded newspaper under his fingernail where it disappeared.
I looked after him for a long time after he rounded a corner and disappeared. None of it was real. It didn’t happen. It simply didn’t. 
Or did it? Could it really have happened? Was it possible?
I shook my head, my vision blurring for a second. It almost seemed that I saw a mountain slope half covered in snow, with a strange castle clinging to its side. I was floating in the air, and sparks were shooting out of my fingers.
‘It never happened!’ my mind yelled frantically. ‘It was only a bad dream!’ The image faded and disappeared. I was in the park, sitting alone on a park bench in the sunshine.
I sighed. Well, it was at least that—a dream. And that’s the way it would stay. I didn’t dare believe otherwise.
Finally I got up and turned to go, picking up the grimy comb for no good reason and shoving it in my back pocket. I had walked just a few feet when I was suddenly struck by a curious thought.
Just what did he mean by that last little comment, that he’d be seeing me around …?

Sneak Peak from book 2 of the Stewards of Light series - Chapter 1 of "My Math Teacher is a Vampire"
Coming December, 2014!
MY MATH TEACHER IS A VAMPIRE
by Duane L. Ostler
CHAPTER 1 - The Man with the Bus Schedule
I had a whopper of a black eye. It was the purple/black kind that gets all puffy and looks kind of like a cheese pizza that was left in the oven too long. It bulged one whole side of my face so I could barely see out of the slit between swollen folds of black skin.
In short, it was the sort of black eye to be proud of, and to show off to everyone but your mother.
The only problem was, it hurt like the dickens. I fingered the eye tenderly as I walked through the park toward home after school. A small, white bird that had been pecking at some seeds looked up at me as I did so. "Ouch!" I cried, causing the bird to flutter away. It then start squawking at me angrily. Even the slightest touch brought excruciating pain.
"Hi, Blake!" came an annoyingly cheerful voice from behind me. Turning, my heart sank at the sight of gossipy Mary Ellen Paul and her new bucktoothed friend Frieda Mult. "Hi, Mary Ellen," I grumbled in a tone of voice that clearly said "Get lost!"
"Ooh!" cried Mary Ellen. "What happened to your eye?" While Mary Ellen seemed concerned, I noticed that Frieda smiled in pleasure at the ugly sight.
"It's nothing," I said, with a casual wave of my hand. Before I could stop her, Mary Ellen reached out and touched it.
"Don't do that!!" I yelled, my face turning white in pain. Mary Ellen backed off with a frown, but Frieda's smile grew even wider. "It hurts!" Putting my hand to my eye, I was surprised when I pulled it away to see a small spot of blood on my fingers. "See that?" I said with a frown. "It's bleeding!"
"Well, why don't you go DO something about it, then?" asked Mary Ellen hotly. "That makes more sense than standing around, trying to show it off!"
"I'm not showing it off," I cried. "I was going home to do something about it!"
"Who gave it to you, anyway?" asked Mary Ellen curiously. 
"Donny Poindexter," I grumbled, scowling. Even saying the name made me flinch. Ugly, mean, built like a tank, and my worst enemy for as long as I could remember, Donny Poindexter was like a massive cold sore in your mouth that never went away. It was hard to image how anyone could hate someone as much as Donny hated me.
Except for the dream. At the start of the school year, I'd had the strangest dream in which Poindexter had incredibly started to become my friend. In the dream, I had a wizard science teacher named Mr. Marlin, who turned the whole class into worms one day and roaches the next. Then the dream turned weird, and I had been tricked into drinking a wizard potion that made me super powerful, after which I started destroying things. But finally I woke up and found it was all a dream and Poindexter was meaner to me than ever.
"It's your own fault for not standing up to him," said Mary Ellen with a scowl. "All bullies are cowards!"
"Not Poindexter!" I cried. "Call him a coward and he's likely to break through your teeth with his fist, so he can yank out your tonsils."
Mary Ellen raised an eyebrow. "So, is that why you got the black eye? Because you called him a coward?" Frieda's smile broadened in hope that I would tell them all the gory details. 
"No," I said, suddenly looking down at the grass in embarrassment. "He said he didn't like me standing in his shadow, and then let me have it."
"The silly things you boys do to each other," said Mary Ellen with a dismissive toss of her head. "Frieda and I are on our way home to make pickle brownies. Wanna come?"
At my look of sheer horror, Mary Ellen said simply, "Suit yourself, then." She and Frieda trounced up the sidewalk in a way that reminded me of mindless mosquitoes.
I sat down heavily on a park bench. School was bad enough without people like Mary Ellen Paul to grate on my nerves. Just about everything about it was bad--the boring classes, Poindexter, disgusting lunches, Poindexter, endless homework, Poindexter, bad grades no matter how hard I worked, Poindexter. I sighed heavily.
"You really should contain your enthusiasm for life more," came a voice to my left. "Your bubbling excitement might cause some of us old geezers to experience heart failure."
I swung around to stare at the person who had spoken. "Mr. Marlin!" I cried. It was the science teacher from my dream! He was sitting next to me on the park bench, holding a bus schedule as if he had been reading it intensely. Only he was holding it upside down.
"Correction," said the old man, his long, grey beard wobbling like a yoyo with each word he spoke. "My name is Mr. Snulkbarf, as I seem to recall telling you once before in this park. And if I remember correctly, you admitted that any resemblance to my being your science teacher was a sheer intentional coincidence that obviously never happened precisely because it could not be avoided." Mr. Marlin smiled at me, while putting down the bus schedule.
I squinched my good eye, trying hard to understand what he had just said.
"I can see by your bored expression that you think it's time to politely look at your watch, then say you have to leave," said Mr. Marlin. "However, I have some important news for you that will undoubtedly stick in your mind as tightly as last night's homework. Tomorrow, you are going to have a new math teacher."
"Huh?" I responded, my slow mind still struggling to catch up. "How do you know that? And why would Mr. Harris leave? He's been there so long he taught my dad when he was a kid! And how can I even be talking to you? You're nothing but a person I met in a dream once!"
Mr. Marlin spread his hands wide, while looking up at the sky. "Ah, what is a dream!" he said dramatically. "Isn't it just reality filmed in black and white, except when you eat in a dream you still wake up hungry?" He looked at me as if he had just said something profound.
"As for your math teacher," he continued, "let's just say I have my sources, and they all confirm that as of tomorrow, Mr. Harris--to his surprise--will find himself on extended leave. Although he will not be going to spend a week floating leisurely on his back across the fowl smelling Great Salt Lake, as he has long dreamed of doing."
"Who will my new teacher be?" I asked curiously.
"A kindly, gentle fellow who has an odd obsession about blood and dreams," replied Mr. Marlin with a smile.
"Dreams?" I said in surprise, my stomach lurching slightly. "You mean, like the dream I had?"
"Precisely," said Mr. Marlin. "And knowing how talkative you are, and how much you love sharing your fascinating dream with others, I have no doubt you will be wise enough to not follow my advice to tell him all about it!"
I screwed up my good eye again, my feeble mind again trying to catch up with what Mr. Marlin had just said. 
"Do you mind if I come with you?" asked Mr. Marlin unexpectedly.
"To school?" I asked in surprise.
"Yes," said Mr. Marlin. "I was sharp enough in my day to succeed at flunking English, math and history all at the same time--quite an accomplishment, since a triple flunker is not easy to achieve. So I'm sure I can be of tremendous help to you."
"Well ..." I said, rubbing my chin, while thinking I was on the verge of being a triple flunker myself, "I guess you can come. But won't it look funny, an old guy like you coming into my classes?"
"No funnier than that purple beaked Marmaleek eating the mirror off that car over there," said Mr. Marlin, pointing. I turned quickly to look, but saw nothing but a sparrow pecking at the grass. Turning back, I was astounded to see that Mr. Marlin had completely disappeared!
"Mr. Marlin?" I called, looking all around. "Mr. Snulkbarf? Where are you?" There was no answer.
I shook my head as if to clear it from a fog. Had I been dreaming again? In the weeks since my former dream, I had become more and more convinced of how bizarre and impossible it had all been. When it first happened, it had been so real, I'd sometimes woken up at night in a cold sweat, fearful that it just might have been true. But as time passed, I came to see it more for what it really was--a warning not to eat pepperoni pizza and chili burritos before going to bed.
But seeing Mr. Marlin--that is, Mr. Snulkbarf--had somehow brought the unreality of it all crashing down around my head once more. Could it have been real? Had Mr. Marlin actually been my science teacher? Had Poindexter really almost become my friend? Had I taken a wizard's potion that transformed me into an all powerful killing machine?
I shook my head once more, then headed off down the sidewalk toward home. No. Absolutely not. It was all too fantastic. I must have been hallucinating to think I'd met Mr. Marlin again. Fun as he had been as a dreamed-up science teacher, it had been an increasing relief to not see him again in the weeks since the dream. It had helped in my effort to convince myself that it really had been just a dream. 
In short, I was probably just having a relapse. No doubt it was the green spaghetti and black meatballs the lunch ladies have served for school lunch earlier that day. 
Reaching the corner, I looked back at the park bench where I'd hallucinated seeing Mr. Marlin. The bus schedule was still sitting there, upside down. I shook my head again, then walked quickly away. Surely, someone else had left it there by mistake.

THE STEWARDS OF LIGHT SERIES by Duane L. Ostler
1  My Science Teacher is a Wizard
2  My Math Teacher is a Vampire
3  My History Teacher is a Leprechaun
4  My English Teacher is a Werewolf
5  My Gym Teacher is a Fairy
6  My Art Teacher is a Troll
7  My Computer Teacher is a Ghost
8  The School Lunch Ladies are Mermaids 
9   My Health Teacher is a Zombie
10 My School Librarian is an Elf
11 My School Principal is an Imposter
12 The School Janitors are Aliens

OTHER BOOKS CURRENTLY AVAILABLE FROM DUANE L. OSTLER:
Fiction
Detectives in Diapers: The Mystery of the Aztec Amulet
The Wards of Clovis Gloober
Itchy Mitch and the Taming of Broken Jaw Junction
Santa v Afton (under pen name "Silas Flint")
Running for the Guv (under pen name "Silas Flint")
Nonfiction
The Ninth Amendment: Key to Understanding the Bill of Rights
A Conversation About Abortion Between Justice Blackmun and the Founding Fathers
Abortion: What the Founding Fathers Thought About It
How to be Your Own Lawyer in a Non-Criminal Case in the USA (under pen name "Silas Flint")
The First Auto Laws in the United States (under pen name "Silas Flint")
Bizarre Takings Cases in the United States and Australia (under pen name "Silas Flint")

ABOUT THE AUTHOR
Duane L. Ostler was raised in Southern Idaho, where the wind never stops. He has lived in Australia, Mexico, Brazil, China, the big Island of Hawaii, and—most foreign of all—New Jersey. He has driven an ice cream truck, sold auto parts, been a tax collector and practiced law, and recently obtained a PhD in legal history. He and his wife have five children and two cats.

TO CONTACT THE AUTHOR: mailto:duanelostler@gmail.com
