The Fall of the House of Kyzer
Jaysynn – Book 1
A Children of the Wells novel

By Nathan Marchand

Smashwords Edition
Table of Contents
Other Books in the Series

Chapter 1 - Blood Is Thicker
Chapter 2 - Outcast
Chapter 3 - New Emperor
Chapter 4 - Tracing
Chapter 5 - State Secrets
Chapter 6 - A Hero Among Fools
Chapter 7 - The Watchman
Chapter 8 - Pride Goes Before a Fall
Chapter 9 - Betrayal
Chapter 10 - Enemy Territory

About The Author

This book was originally serialized at childrenofthewells.com as part of an ongoing series. New stories published regularly.

Bron & Calea
The Select's Bodyguard
The Doctor's Assistant
The Well's Orphan

Jaysynn
The Fall of the House of Kyzer
The Rules Change
New Wells Rising
Chapter 1: Blood Is Thicker
The screams, the explosions—they jolted Jaysynn awake. Slowly, the black veil lifted from his vision as his heavy eyelids opened. The ringing in his ears was drowned out by the cacophony. He stared groggily at a pile of rubble that was once the wall of the restaurant across the street. Panicking crowds trampled drywall and glass—and sometimes each other—underfoot. The stench of smoke invaded his nostrils. The young man found himself slouched against a brick wall, his head throbbing. The back of it was wet, so he touched it. Blood. Had he been thrown against the wall? Yes, he thought. By a blinding white light.
Jaysynn shook his head to regain his bearings and forced himself to stand. He quickly and reflexively pulled the hood of his dark green shirt over his scratched face and earthen hair. With his hand resting on the hilt of the knife on his belt, he looked up and down the street, seeing a river of people running around overturned or burning cars. Smoke rose in black plumes, coalescing into ominous clouds above the city of Thyrion.
Fighting the pain in his stiffened muscles, Jaysynn ran against the oncoming crowd for half a block and slipped down the alleyway. The three- or four-story building was a hotel, so it had a radio antenna tower in the corner. He climbed the triangular rungs of the antenna with desperate speed, his gloved hands gripping each rung tightly to keep his seemingly heavy body from falling. He never took his eyes off of the top of the structure. Halfway up the antenna tower, he jumped onto the hotel’s roof. He ran to the edge of the building and surveyed the scene.
Everything he had seen on the street below stretched for miles in every direction. Skyscrapers burned and crumbled. Towers of flames rose above the cityscape. People screamed, glass shattered, sirens blared. The sweet and acrid smell of exhausted magic filled his nose. 
Jaysynn looked down at the crowds. They were lost and terrified sheep without a shepherd. I have to do something! I have to help them! A young woman’s face suddenly appeared in his mind’s eye. What about Kyrie?
Immediately, he turned to run toward the antenna.
An explosion thundered in the distance.
Jaysynn looked toward it and saw a plume of fire shoot from the spire at the center of the Emperor’s Palace one mile away.
Jaysynn’s heart quickened; his throat tightened. Mother, Father, my siblings. Did they make it out?
The screams in the street ripped through the sooty air. Jaysynn glanced down at the death and panic below him. But they need their prince. Those people down there actually care about me.
For an eternal minute, Jaysynn’s agonized mind argued back and forth. Finally, with a sigh, he whispered, “Blood is thicker…”
Jaysynn jogged fifteen feet away from the hotel’s edge and then sprinted toward it. He leaped off the roof, feeling like a bird. He whipped through the rising smoke, which stung his eyes. Blinking to clear his vision, he nearly lost sight of the roof of the shorter building across from the hotel. He landed, instinctively tucking and rolling on impact. Without stopping, he kept running. A crumbled chimney obstructed his path, but Jaysynn leap-frogged over it. Reaching the next ledge, he jumped across the street and clutched the edge of the next building, pulling himself onto the roof in one quick stroke.
Jaysynn accelerated. Suddenly, an explosion ripped through the seventh floor of the taller building next door. Glass shards and debris rained down. Jaysynn covered his exposed face with his arms. He sensed something big falling toward him and spun sideways like a dancer. Crash! Jaysynn caught a glimpse of a desk out of the corner of his eye as he kept running. Glass crunched under his running shoes with every stride. He prayed the shards wouldn’t pierce their soles.
The next building was taller than the one he was on, but it had a fire escape. Coming to the roof’s edge, he leaped over the narrow street toward the fire escape. He grabbed the metal bar, but suddenly its metal frame groaned as it was ripped from the weakened building’s wall. Jaysynn looked over his shoulder and saw a crowd of people part as he and the fire escape tumbled toward them. The top of the fire escape hit the other building, lurching on impact and shaking Jaysynn loose. The young man tucked and rolled as he landed.
Catching his breath, Jaysynn glanced at the taller building’s entrance. The door was open. He ran inside the building—an old apartment complex—and found a staircase, which he bounded up. Five floors later, he shoved through the half-broken wooden door leading to the roof. His destination would be behind him, so he looked over his shoulder. Halfway to the Palace. Flames still rose from it.
BOOM! The roof shook under his feet. Jaysynn dashed toward the ledge. He fought to keep his balance on the quaking roof. A few strides from the ledge, he felt the building start to dip. It’s collapsing! He jumped from the roof as the building crumbled under another explosion. Below him were burning cars and screaming people. Nowhere to land! But as he fell, he saw a power line swing past him, freshly severed from the falling building but still securely attached to the other end. Reflexively, he grabbed it. He was surprised he felt no jolt. Clutching tightly, he swung over the destruction below. He hit the opposite wall, bending his knees to minimize the impact. His bones still jarred.
Jaysynn climbed up the dangling wire, which hung from a corner of the building. His muscles burned and screamed like his city. He reached the top and dragged himself onto the roof.
For one long minute, Jaysynn lay slumped on the floor, panting and sweating and bleeding. He licked the perspiration around his mouth in a desperate effort to soothe his bone-dry mouth. It only stung.
Just a few more blocks, he thought, wiping his burning forehead. The Palace loomed nearer.
Jaysynn forced himself to stand, shaking his bleeding, foggy head to clear it. He breathed deeply and ran. He knew this city. He had created a map of it in his mind during all those nights of tracing across its rooftops and through its streets. The next few streets were narrower, making them easier to jump. He descended to shorter and shorter buildings until he came to one directly across from the Palace’s gates. He approached the ledge, then dangled himself from it, gripping the edge with his fingertips. He let himself drop to a window frame, which he gripped, and then he jumped. Spinning in mid-air, he landed on the ground ten feet below him, rolling.
His muscles burned as he straightened, not missing a stride. Sweat and blood stung his eyes. He wiped his forehead, clearing his vision. Dozens of Thyrian soldiers ran through the burning cars littering Imperial Avenue in front of the Palace. They were pushing back a panicked mob, but without using any magic-powered guns. Jaysynn could almost blend in with the dark green uniforms.
As he approached the four-lane street, cutting through the panicking crowd, he leaped onto the trunk of a car. He sprang to another car, barely avoiding the flames consuming it. Now people noticed him. Citizens cursed at him. Soldiers demanded he stop. Jaysynn ignored them all. Like a frog jumping from one lily pad to another, Jaysynn leaped to the next car, narrowly dodging soldiers’ hands. He jumped onto one more and then onto the sidewalk in front of the Palace’s steel gates. On either side of the twelve-foot gateway were bronze statues of the mighty Thyr preparing to throw a thunderbolt like a spear. 
Jaysynn was surrounded by soldiers. He pulled off his blood-soaked hood and turned to face them. Their eyes widened. “Stop staring and protect the Palace!” he ordered, pointing at the crowd. They quickly obeyed.
“Prince Jaysynn!” called a familiar voice.
The young man looked to his right. A tall man wearing a tattered black Thyrian military uniform approached him. He was a general; only generals wore black. His chiseled face bore crimson dents. Slate-gray eyes commanded Jaysynn to stand still. White-speckled dark blonde hair hid under his glossy cap. His name—Gen. Xander Dracon—was stitched in white letters above his ribbons.
“I feared you were still inside,” Dracon said.
“Where is my family?” Jaysynn demanded.
“They’ve not come out.”
“Then get them out!”
“I can’t spare any men to send into the Palace,” replied Dracon, motioning toward the chaos before them.
Jaysynn closed his eyes and clenched his fists. Without thinking, he started climbing the Palace gates. Dracon tried to grab him, but the prince quickly climbed beyond his reach.
“What are you doing?” shouted Dracon.
Jaysynn reached the top of the gate and slid down the other side. He looked the general in the eye. “Saving my family.”
The prince dashed toward the burning Palace while Dracon yelled for him to come back. It was a rare show of begging.
Flames climbed the tower in the center of the Palace, transforming it into a giant torch and licking at the smoke-darkened sky. Many windows—most of them shattered—glowed bright, but others were black. The fire was spreading, slowly. The heat intensified with Jaysynn’s every stride as he approached the Palace. Reaching the portico, he felt like he crashed into an invisible burning wall. His hands shielded his face. He clenched his fists and steeled his resolve.
Lowering his arms, he charged at the once-grand doors and kicked them open. The heat smacked his face, but Jaysynn grit his teeth and ran inside. He entered the grand hall. Burning debris littered the room. More fell from the high ceiling. The half-circle staircase leading to the tower’s elevator was collapsing. Fire consumed the royal trappings.
“Talynn! Chel! Mother!” Jaysynn shouted over the roar of the flames. He wandered through room. “Jilla!” The next name tasted bitter, but he spat out, “Shar!” No answer. He came to the center of the room where the ornate crystal and gold chandelier had fallen, the flames reflecting and refracting in a kaleidoscopic flurry of light. “Bulon! Casseo!” Jaysynn saw that the floor around the chandelier was crimson. He peered through the blinding light—and gasped.
Buried underneath the chandelier were two of his dead siblings, burning.
Guilt stabbed Jaysynn’s heart. His stomach turned and bile filled his mouth. Blood roared in his ears and drenched the back of his head. If only…
Suddenly, he heard a shout—a warrior’s battle cry—emanate from the open door under the half-circle staircase. He recognized it. “Father!”
Jaysynn ran for the door, jumping over burning piles of debris. He ignored the flames licking at his heels. Inside the door was a descending staircase. No fires. White light flashed in the corridor, accompanied by deafening thunderclaps. Jaysynn raced down the stairs. The farther down he went, the more ionized the air felt. His hair started standing on end.
He came to the basement. Before him was the thick containment door, opened, and inside the room beyond lay the Palace’s source of power, its magic generator. Agonized wails mingled with thunder shot from the room. Jaysynn ran inside.
Lightning bolts danced amid a shower of sparks. The massive magic generator sputtered, glowed, quaked. At the heart of this storm was a man—a man wearing a ripped king’s robe and a purple cape riddled with holes. His long golden hair and beard, though singed by sparks, shone like the sun. Rippling and bulging, his muscles desperately summoned the lightning that shot from his fingertips. The man’s eyes, glowing eerily on his charred face, turned a murky white.
“Father, you must stop!”
“I will when the generator stabilizes!”
“Please! We must go! The Palace is burning!”
“No!”
Jaysynn glanced at the console displaying the generator’s status. The hands on the generator spun chaotically. The screens and readouts flashed on and off, displaying gibberish-like numbers and letters Jaysynn knew were warnings.
“You’re trying to stop the inevitable!” the prince shouted. “You can’t save the generator!”
“I am Thorynn, God-Emperor of Thyrion! My kingdom is sustained by my hand! So long as I draw breath, the House of Kyzer will stand!”
The man’s eyes glowed brighter, hotter. More lightning bolts flared, flashed. The console monitoring the generator sparked, then exploded.
Jaysynn shielded his face with his arms. Sucking in air through gritted teeth, he lowered his arms and marched toward his father, clenching his fists. A courage—no, defiance—unlike any he had ever felt swelled within him and burst through his teeth like a dam. “Your kingdom? Your kingdom needs you out there in the streets! The generator is nothing!”
“Silence, boy!” shouted the Emperor, straining more lightning from his shriveling hands. 
“This is madness! Please come—”
“Away with you!” thundered Thorynn, firing a thunderbolt from his palm at Jaysynn.
The bolt struck Jaysynn in the chest and launched him like a ragdoll. Dazed, he flew back fifteen feet, landing outside the containment door. His back hit the floor with a thud, his head bouncing off the cement. More blood gushed from his head wound. Shock. Enervation. His muscles twitched. Smoke rose from his blackened chest. He smelled burnt clothing and flesh. Grunting painfully, he mustered his every last fiber of resolve and forced himself to sit up.
He watched as his father’s lightning bolts vanished. The Emperor flicked his fingers in desperation, but nothing sparked. He shouted curses that seemed to echo through the room. Suddenly, a bright light consumed the generator and burst forth.
“Father, no!” screamed Jaysynn, stretching out with a trembling hand.
Just then, the containment door was slammed shut. Dracon stood over Jaysynn.
“Get up!” the general ordered.
Jaysynn was paralyzed, but now by shock and fear.
“Get up!” Dracon barked, grabbing the prince’s shoulders and forcing him to his feet. “If you can stand, you can run! Move!”
Dracon grabbed Jaysynn’s wrist and all but dragged him away from the door and up the stairs. Only when they reached the burning grand hall did Jaysynn break out of his trance. The heat was fiercer. The floor quaked and rumbled. Fiery debris rained from the ceiling like burning hailstones. Smoke threatened to choke him.
A moment later, Jaysynn found himself outside. Flames now filled every window of the Palace and rose higher on the tower. A sudden quake tripped Jaysynn as they reached the Palace gates.
The prince watched as white energy exploded from below the Palace, the ground underneath it erupting like a volcano. For a half-second, the tower seemed to float. Then it fell, it crumbled, and with it, the entire Palace.
Only a pile of burning rubble remained.
Chapter 2: Outcast
Seven years ago…
The foils whistled and clinked. Two combatants with faces hid by meshed helmets—one left-handed and dressed in a black jacket and breeches and the other right-handed and dressed in white—danced as they thrust and parried their weapons. The white fighter huffed, his loud panting muffled by his helmet. His opponent moved with grace and ease, as if toying with him. The black fighter’s weapon stabbed with almost murderous intent and parried attacks with the attitude of a man brushing dust from his shoulder. He charged his white-clad opponent, thrusting and stabbing, and forced him to run backward down the fifty-foot dueling strip under their feet. Five of the six young people watching the duel cheered.
With his back to the proverbial wall, the white duelist parried his opponent’s attack and instantly thrust his own weapon at his opponent's chest. But the black duelist sidestepped the stab with almost supernatural reflexes and casually tripped his opponent. The white fighter rolled over on the ground to desperately defend himself, only to find the tip of the foil pressed against his neck.
“Ha-ha!” exclaimed the black duelist as he raised his ungloved hand overhead. A fireball shot from his hand, flew into the air, and exploded into a cloud of colorful flames. The spectators cheered louder, all except one.
“Enjoy yourself now, Shar,” said the white duelist, using a quick gesture to summon a gust of wind that threw him to his feet. Now standing, he pulled off his helmet, revealing his sweat-drenched dark blonde hair and cobalt eyes. “But someday I’ll blow you out like a candle!”
Shar removed his helmet, tucking it under his right arm, and ran his fingers through his dry golden hair. His gray eyes flared as he smirked at the wind manipulator. “Whatever helps you sleep at night, Talynn. Wind only fans a fire’s flames, brother.” He snapped his fingers, and a small flame appeared on his pointer finger, making it look like a candle. “You’ll never do this to me.” He then pressed his finger to his lips and kissed it, blowing a tongue of fire at his brother and singeing his hair. Shar snickered.
Talynn harrumphed and walked to the bench halfway down the dueling strip’s sideline. There he was joined by their hefty, blond-haired brother, Bulon, while their three blonde sisters intercepted Shar and showered him with praise. This left a brown-haired boy clad in a white tanktop and white athletic pants with silver stripes. He stood alone with his arms crossed, glaring.
Thinks he’s such a “wildfire,” he thought. I’ll show him!
The boy ran toward the bench and grabbed Talynn’s foil. “Jaysynn!” exclaimed Talynn, but the boy ignored his older brother’s objections. He strode up to Shar and declared, “You’re not leaving until you fight me!”
Shar raised an eyebrow. Then he laughed. “I haven’t time for this, little brother. Father demands that I be on time for more lessons in kingship.” He sighed, whimsically adding, “I do look forward to having the throne someday.”
“Since when did you start refusing challenges?” asked Jaysynn, holding the foil up and pointing it at his brother’s smirking face.
“He has a point, Shar,” interjected Chel, the oldest of their sisters. “You didn’t even refuse the challenge of that Examiner from Jalseion who thought he’d reduced fencing to a science.”
Shar nodded. “Poor fool. He was so easy to predict.”
“And do you really think it’ll take you long to beat our little brother?” said Casseo, firing her own smirk at Jaysynn, who replied with a glare.
“I’m the one who can burn holes in people’s heads with a look, little Jaysynn, not you,” said Jilla, their youngest sister.
Jaysynn only glanced at her. He knew doing more than that would only earn him more condescension from her.
“That’s enough, girls,” said Shar. “I see your point.” He turned to his brother. Jaysynn wanted so much to wipe that smug smile off his face. “I accept your challenge.”
Only then did Jaysynn crack a small grin.
“Bulon should have some gear in his locker that will fit you,” Shar continued.
“Let’s duel now,” insisted Jaysynn.
“You’ve always been impetuous,” said Shar, shaking his head.
The two brothers stepped onto the dueling strip. Their sisters joined Bulon and Talynn over by the bench. Jaysynn felt their curious yet disapproving eyes pricking the back of his neck. Even so, Jaysynn always kept his foil pointed at his oldest brother and remained in a fencing pose.
Shar pressed the blade of his foil between his arm and side, holding his mask with both hands. “Do you honestly think you, a boy of thirteen, can defeat the heir to Thyrion’s throne?”
“Yes!” replied Jaysynn, almost yelling.
“Too bad,” Shar said, putting his mask on, “your stance is weak.”
The heir-apparent’s foil hissed through the air and swatted Jaysynn’s weapon from his hand. The black-garbed prince charged forward, thrusting his blade at his brother. Jaysynn, reacting instinctively, miraculously dodged the attacks by swaying. Then, seeing an opening, he lunged to Shar’s right to avoid his brother’s blade, rolled past him, grabbed the fallen foil, and sprang to his feet. With that, he thrust his weapon haphazardly at Shar, who merely stepped sideway, letting Jaysynn’s momentum carry him along. As Jaysynn stumbled past him, Shar smacked him on the buttocks with his foil like a father spanking a child.
Jaysynn staggered as he turned to face Shar. He felt a welt start to form on his backside. But the fight wasn’t over. Only a thrusting blow to the upper body could end a fencing duel. He’s playing with me! I hate that!
The young prince shot a few thrusts at Shar, but his opponent parried each one as if bored.
Suddenly, Jaysynn felt the button tip of his brother’s foil hit his chest, threatening to impale him. The bent blade arched into his vision. The boy clenched his unarmed hand into a fist. Jaysynn knew Shar was smirking under the mesh mask. That pierced his heart more than the foil ever could.
The elder prince laughed. Under his mask, his laughter was muffled and sounded hollow. He pulled of the mask. Shaking his head, he said, “If this was a real fight, I wouldn’t need magic to defeat you.”
Jaysynn hung his head.
“What a pity you’re the only Normal in the family. If you channeled magic like us, then maybe you’d stand a chance.”
“Maybe he’s adopted,” injected Bulon.
Jaysynn’s six older siblings guffawed.
The boy closed his eyes in hopes of shutting them out. But he could no more silence them than use magic. Every second they laughed was another needle pricking his heart. Now his eyelids were damming hot tears he desperately wanted to hide.
Thankfully, his siblings’ laughter slowly grew distant as they all left the gymnasium. When his siblings’ voices faded down the Palace’s hallway, Jaysynn slammed the foil he held on the floor, plopped onto the dueling strip, and buried his face in his hands.
“Damn them!” was all he could whisper.
“Stand up!” a voice from behind him commanded.
Jaysynn looked over his shoulder. Marching toward him from the gymnasium entrance was a tall man wearing a black Thyrian military officer’s uniform. Shiny medals hung from his chest. His cap and shoulders were emblazoned with four yellow lightning-like stripes, indicating he was a supreme general. His face, chiseled like a marble statue and dented by battle, bore a fatherly expression, although Jaysynn only knew this because he frequently saw the Emperor look at his oldest brother like that.
“A prince of Thyrion should never act like a scolded dog.”
Jaysynn did stand, but mostly because the general’s presence demanded it.
The man stood in front of Jaysynn, his slate-gray eyes seemingly peering into his soul. The prince’s gaze fell.
“Look at me!” ordered the general.
Jaysynn nervously looked up.
“I heard you challenge your brother while I was walking past the gymnasium. I watched your duel with him.”
“But I lost!”
“Yes, but I’ve never seen someone move so fast while dueling Shar.”
“So what?”
The general put his hand on Jaysynn’s shoulder and squeezed tightly. “I would like to train you, to refine your raw talent.”
“What talent? I’m not a Select.”
“Do you think only Select are capable of greatness?”
“Around here, yes.”
“Wrong. I am the commander of your father’s armies even though I can’t use magic.”
Jaysynn’s eyes widened. “General Dracon?”
A small smile appeared on the general’s face. “It took you long enough to realize who I am.”
“You can’t…use magic?”
“No. It’s not something your father likes to talk about.”
“Then how did you become a general?”
Dracon stepped back and offered an outstretched hand to Jaysynn. “Come with me and find out.” His eyes were full of sincerity.
Have I really found someone like me who’s accomplished great things? thought Jaysynn. A grin crept up his face.
Without hesitation, the prince grabbed the general’s hand and shook it.
Chapter 3: The New Emperor
Jaysynn was frozen, staring. He could not look away from the pile of burning rubble that was once the Emperor’s Palace—his home. This can’t be real, he thought. This is a nightmare. I just need to wake up. The smoke stinging his unblinking eyes burned the undeniable reality into him.
Slowly, the swirling noise around him broke through his seemingly deaf ears. He heard Dracon barking orders to his men to find a working vehicle so they could transport the prince to the secure bunker. The shouts of the crowd that had converged on the Palace gates were strangely absent. Had they retreated?
“Jaysynn!” shouted Dracon, grabbing the young man’s shoulder and jolting him back to reality.
The prince glanced over his shoulder at the general.
“We must get moving!” Dracon added.
Jaysynn nodded.
Adrenaline propelling his burning muscles, Jaysynn ran after Dracon through the now open Palace gates. Battered soldiers surrounded them. The distant screams and explosions droned in his ears. Where once a crowd swarmed was a street with wrecked cars strewn about. Had the soldiers somehow driven them away? Jaysynn had not heard any energy blasts from magic-powered guns. Only a few even carried rifles. Maybe the destruction of the Palace terrified them?
Within seconds, none of that mattered.
“Sergeant Elrik!” called Dracon, pointing at an officer.
“Sir!”
“Project a shield around the prince. Maintain it until we reach the bunker.”
“Yessir!”
Elrik stepped toward Jaysynn while Dracon dispensed orders to the rest of the troops. Jaysynn recognized the dark-haired officer. He had once served as Shar’s bodyguard, before the prince arrogantly refused any protection.
Elrik stood in front of Jaysynn and held out his hands as if he was trying to push him back, his eyes focusing intently at the prince. Nothing. The officer’s fingers flicked and his arm muscles tensed. Still nothing. Frustration contorted his face. Jaysynn’s eyes widened as fear and confusion beset him.
Elrik lowered his arms and stared at his hands. “General Dracon, sir!”
“What is it, sergeant?” replied the general, walking up behind him.
“Sir, I…can’t do it.”
“Can’t do what?”
“Make a forcefield.” He turned to Dracon. “My power…it’s gone!”
The general clenched his fist and pounded the hood of a car next to him.
Just then, a sputtering truck crawled up to them. A soldier stuck his head out of the window to address the general. “This is the only working vehicle we could find, and its battery is about to die.”
“We only need to get to a u-train station a few miles down the street,” said Dracon. “The entrance to the bunker is in the tunnel.” He then called out the names of six soldiers, including Elrik, to accompany him and Jaysynn. The rest were to quell the chaos in any way possible. “Move!” he ordered.
Jaysynn, Dracon, and the six soldiers—who were all carrying guns—clambered into the truck’s big cargo bed. The rest of the soldiers scrambled.
“Go!” ordered Dracon.
The truck sputtered as it lurched forward. Dracon made Jaysynn crouch in the center of the truck bed while the soldiers surrounded him, brandishing guns that looked like they had been haphazardly pieced back together. Other guns had power packs that were not lit up.
Why are they using broken and depleted weapons? thought Jaysynn.
The prince felt the truck wind its way around overturned cars. He glanced up periodically. Skyscrapers still defiantly standing tall were soon on either side of them. The clamor of the crowds intensified. Dracon and his soldiers shouted at people to get out of the way. Those people shouted demands for the truck. The soldiers yelled threats at panicking citizens to keep them from attacking the truck. The soldiers pistol-whipped the desperate ones who did not listen to their warnings. Curses filled the air. Jaysynn imagined children and wives surrounding the men who now lay on the ground with bloodied and broken noses.
Never once did any soldier fire his weapon.
The crowds shouted louder. The soldiers tried to yell over them. The truck stopped. Jaysynn lifted his head to look around, but Dracon pushed it down and ordered him to stay down. But even from his crouched position, the prince could see that hordes of people were surrounding them.
“Back off or I’ll shoot!”
A babble of shouts bombarded them.
“Go ahead!” 
“I don’t care!” 
“Just give us the truck!” 
“I’d rather die!” 
“I know the guns don’t work!”
Metal smashed against bone. Hands clawed at the soldiers. More curses. The stench of body odor. The truck gasped through its exhaust pipe. The driver looked back at them through the rear windshield and shouted, “The battery’s dead!”
Dracon and the soldiers shouted that news to the crowd, but not only did they not believe them, it fueled their blind rage. A deafening roar surrounded the truck. Sweat dripped from Jaysynn’s face and pooled on the truck bed. He wanted to shout something at Dracon, but he couldn’t hear his own thoughts. He heard rocks hiss by his ears. They pelted the truck. The soldiers groaned in pain.
Elthor, don’t let me die!
Suddenly, a shadow was cast over them.
Silence.
A loud creak.
They looked up—the 50-story skyscraper to their right was leaning over them. Was something leaning against it? The creaking was replaced by a loud crash. The building snapped ten storeys up. It smashed against the skyscraper across from it like a giant domino.
Panic.
Thyrian citizens fled.
“RUN!” shouted Dracon.
Everyone abandoned the truck and dove into the rushing river of frenzied people.
Glass shards fell like rain. Furniture crashed like meteorites. Bodies—living bodies—flailed and screamed in mid-air.
Jaysynn had no room to bob and weave. He could only run forward. If he stopped or tripped, he would be trampled. As the hailing debris fell, Jaysynn shielded himself with his arms, but the glass cut through his shirt, piercing his skin, and broken mortar and metal pelted him. Blood soaked his clothes. Bruises formed across his body. Larger debris thundered as it impacted around him. People vanished under it. Glass crunched under his shoes. He jumped over bodies. The shadow’s edge was ahead, but it seemed to be miles away. Jaysynn could not let himself feel pain or pity. Both would halt him. Both would kill him. He kept running.
Running.
Running.
Praying.
Running.
Sunlight suddenly beat down on Jaysynn’s bruised face. He was out from under the building! But he couldn’t stop. Not now.
Ten strides later, thunder roared behind him. A wave of black dust hit the back of his body. Jaysynn staggered, nearly stumbling over the debris. Some people around him fell. They screamed as they were trampled. The sooty air choked him. Grit caked the inside of his mouth and clouded his eyes. He blinked; he rubbed his eyes. Blindness equaled death.
Clearing the grit, he caught a glimpse of a staircase to his right that descended to a u-train station. Jaysynn veered sideways, pushing people out of his way and crossing two traffic lanes. Some shoved him back. He slowed to let them pass and kept veering. Nobody else was running toward it. Why? Where are Dracon and the soldiers?
The questions would have to wait.
Finally, he veered onto the sidewalk and haphazardly dashed down the stairs, fighting to keep his balance. Darkness filled the station at the bottom of the stairs, but Jaysynn would not stop. He stumbled into the shadows on wobbly legs. Exhausted, his legs buckled and he fell to his hands and knees like a peasant bowing before his emperor. His muscles burned, his heart thundered in his ears, his clothes were soaked with sweat and blood, his lungs sucked in stale air. The bruises were fully formed now; he felt them. He opened his eyes, and they were stung by perspiration.
“I have fallen into Barathrum,” said Jaysynn.
“I’ve not found Mastema. You’re not dead yet,” replied a familiar voice.
Jaysynn looked up. On the edge of the light stood Dracon and Elrik, both bloodied and bruised, their uniforms ripped and tattered. The general hurried to Jaysynn and knelt over him.
“Can you stand?” he asked.
“I think so.” Jaysynn forced himself to stand in spite of everything.
“We can’t waste time,” said Dracon. “The panicking hordes may find their way down here, and we have no firearms to defend ourselves.”
“Why not?”
“They were destroyed in the cataclysm,” interjected Elrik.
“But how?”
“Your questions will wait,” snapped Dracon.
Jaysynn had flashbacks to when his mother, Empress Zebel, chided him as a child.
“Right now our most pressing concern is illuminating our path to the bunker,” continued the general. “The electricity is out in the entire city.”
The men paused to think. Screams reverberated from the streets above.
Jaysynn was the first to speak: “Do either of you have a lighter?”
“I have two,” replied Elrik, producing one from his pocket. He flipped it open and flicked it on, illuminating his battered face.
“What do you have that for?” asked Dracon.
Elrik closed the lighter, saying, “I…still haven’t quit smoking.”
“That’s beside the point. If we can find a stick or a rod, we can make a torch using our clothes,” said Jaysynn.
Dracon smiled and nodded at Jaysynn. “However, our clothes are soaked with fluids. We can’t be sure the torch will burn. We will use the lighter, but gather materials for a torch, just in case we need it.”
The three men scrambled. Jaysynn dared to venture close to the bottom of the staircase. He glanced at the thin handrail lining the stairs. He grabbed a piece of nearby mortar and struck the handrail with it. The clank echoed through the station. He struck it again and again, the mortar digging into his palm, and bent the rail. Dracon ordered Jaysynn to stop making noise lest he attract unwanted attention. Finally, the prince broke the handrail. With a few torques, he severed a one-foot section from it.
“I got it!” called Jaysynn, running toward the soldiers with the rod in hand.
Elrik flicked the lighter on, illuminating the dark tunnel.
“I hope that’ll last us long enough,” said Jaysynn.
“The bunker should only be a mile down that tunnel,” said Dracon. “But we must hurry before we’re followed. We must get you to safety.”
With that, the three men jumped onto the u-train rails and dashed down the tunnel. No one spoke. The tunnel was eerily quiet, like a tomb. Darkness filled it, broken only by the dying flame of the lighter. Jaysynn reminded himself that no u-train would come speeding down the rails with the power out. The lights in the tunnel did not even flicker. Sometimes the silence was broken by the low rumbles of stampeding crowds, collapsing buildings, and exploding cars on the streets above them. Jaysynn feared that eventually the ceiling would buckle and rain bodies and debris on them in a hypothetical cloudburst.
Suddenly, their light source died. Jaysynn heard Elrik flick the lighter to no avail, cursing in frustration. “It’s almost out of fuel,” the soldier said.
“We’ll need the other lighter for later,” said Dracon. He sighed. “Make the torch.”
Jaysynn handed the rod to Dracon and then pulled off his hoodie. Underneath was a white tank top stained red, which the prince quickly peeled from his still bleeding body. He wrung it out, bodily fluids dripping onto the floor, tore it into several strands, and wrapped the driest one around the end of the rail. Elrik cracked open the second lighter and poured a little of the fluid on the shirt, and then he flicked his lighter open and lit the wad of clothing. It took a few seconds, but their makeshift torch burned brightly.
They pressed on, always fearing the torch would fizzle out.
Finally, Dracon stopped. He motioned for Elrik and Jaysynn to follow him. Elrik held the last flickers of the torch above their heads as Dracon examined the wall, slowly running his hand across it, searching. His hand stopped and pressed a button disguised as a brick. A metallic grinding announced that a door was unlatched and a small gap appeared in the wall. Dracon pulled the hidden door open and gestured for Jaysynn and Elrik to go in. They entered. Dracon closed the door behind them and it latched shut.
The general told Elrik to shine the torch on the wall, which he did, revealing a light switch. Dracon flipped it. No light. He flipped it repeatedly for a few seconds. Still nothing.
“Whatever happened even knocked out the bunker’s generator,” Dracon said, albeit to no one in particular.
“It seems like anything that runs on magic is just, well, dead,” added Jaysynn.
Dracon sighed heavily. “I’ve noticed that, too.”
“How are we supposed to hide down here if we can’t even turn on a light?”
There was a brief pause until Elrik looked at Dracon and said, “Sir, I might be able to help.”
“How?”
“I’ve heard about a man who lives among the urchins down here who makes devices that don’t run on magic. Those same urchins also use glow sticks and light rods to get around in the dark.”
Jaysynn’s eyes narrowed. I thought I was the only one who knew about the Tinkerer.
“Would they be willing to share any of that with us?” asked Dracon.
“Sir, I’m not sure they’ll be there with all the chaos erupting on the surface. But if they’re not there, maybe I can scavenge a few things for us.”
“Go!” ordered Dracon, pointing toward the door. “And take the torch with you. If it burns out, use your other lighter.”
“Sir, that will leave you alone in the dark.”
“We’ll manage.”
“Yessir!”
With that, Elrik dashed to the door, opened it, ran out, and latched it shut.
For several long seconds, Jaysynn and Dracon stood in silence and darkness. The dark was absolute—Jaysynn could not even see his hand in front of his face.
The silence was broken by Jaysynn’s sigh. “So, tell me, General…what happened up there?” Jaysynn reflexively pointed up, forgetting his gesture could not be seen.
More silence. Was Dracon hesitating to answer? Jaysynn was about to repeat his question when the general answered: “Even I am not sure, my prince. I was driving down Imperial Avenue to meet with Emperor Thorynn at the Palace to discuss his latest campaigns on the outskirts of the continent when I heard a loud explosion. I caught a glimpse of a mushroom cloud in the corner of my eye. It seemed to be rising from the same area as the Great Well. Then I was struck with a shockwave made of white energy.”
“I remember the shockwave. It…knocked me out for a few minutes.”
“Where were you when this happened? You weren’t at the Palace.”
Jaysynn hesitated to answer. His mouth was dry but not from all his running. “I…went out into the city.”
“Why?” Dracon asked with a slight hint of annoyance.
“To…clear my head.”
“Without an armed escort?”
“...Yes...”
Dracon harrumphed. “It’s a good thing I trained you well.”
“Yes. So, do you think the shockwave came from the Great Well?”
A slight pause. “It seems that way. But I can’t think of anything that could cause such a catastrophic explosion. But that’s not what’s important now. The chaos in the streets must be quelled before panicking rioters tear the city apart.”
“What do you suggest?”
“Declare martial law. The people must be subdued, but with the military in shambles and the people in the grip of fear, force will be necessary.”
“But such a thing hasn’t happened since…”
“Since the Kyzer family seized the throne three hundred years ago.”
Jaysynn hung his head. He was thankful Dracon could not see him. “Do what you must.” Another pause. “What worries me is Elrik was unable to project a forcefield”—he hesitated to continue—“Just like my father seemed unable to use his magic.” Tears stung Jaysynn’s eyes. Why did he mourn the death of a father who hardly acknowledged his existence?
“It appears this disaster has affected the Select.”
Jaysynn wiped his eyes, again thankful it was dark. “Do you think it’s permanent?”
“There’s no way to know.”
Silence fell again. For how long, Jaysynn did not know.
Then they heard the door unlatch.
Jaysynn reflexively snapped to a combative pose.
In walked Elrik carrying a light rod but no torch.
“Sir, I was able to find some light rods, a lamp, and a few portable stove cans at an abandoned compound in a tunnel a half-mile away.”
The soldier placed the lamp on the table and turned its switch. It flickered to life, its flame illuminating the granite surface of the table in front of them.
“Good work, Sergeant Elrik,” said Jaysynn. 
“Thank you, my prince,” replied the soldier, bowing slightly.
“Must I remind you, Elrik, that Jaysynn is not your prince.”
Jaysynn shot a befuddled look at the general.
Dracon turned to Jaysynn, their eyes locking, but his words seemed directed at the soldier: “He is now your Emperor.”
Jaysynn’s confusion was destroyed by shock. He was petrified. His heartbeats rang in his ears. In all the chaos, he had forgotten the most critical thing. I am the last of the Kyzer royal family....
Chapter 4: Tracing
Six years ago…
Jaysynn stepped onto the outskirts of the military training grounds and surveyed it. Standing in the middle of the dusty grounds, which were the size of a sports field, amidst the mud pits and strangely shaped obstacles, was Dracon. Jaysynn, walking toward him, was puzzled at seeing the general had no equipment with him: no wooden swords, no boxing gear, no grappling hooks. During their previous lessons a few days ago, Dracon had simply told Jaysynn to meet him there after the recruits had turned in for the day. So, here they were standing in the Thyrian military’s proving grounds in the cool of the early evening. Here the ground was drenched with the blood, sweat, and tears of Thyrion’s soldiers, and—Jaysynn assumed—his would soon drench it, too.
The air nipped at Jaysynn, who wore a white shirt and athletic pants. It even cut through the tops of his athletic shoes. Meanwhile, the general looked comfortable in his black field uniform.
“Why are we here?” Jaysynn asked Dracon once he reached him.
“Training,” the general replied dryly. “Or did you forget what this place is?”
“No, sir,” retorted Jaysynn, smiling. “But I don’t get why you want me to run an obstacle course.”
“I don’t. I want you to learn something far more important.”
“And what’s that?”
“Tracing.”
“What?”
“Come with me,” said Dracon, motioning Jaysynn to follow.
The general led the prince over to a pair of ten-foot wooden pillars that held up a chain-link fence interwoven with barbed wire. The frayed tip of a severed rope dangled out of reach from the center of the cross beam that connected the pillars.
“Climb over this fence,” said Dracon.
Jaysynn’s eyes widened. “Without the rope, I can’t get a handhold without getting my hands sliced open.”
“Even after a year of my training, you still only see obstacles.”
Jaysynn huffed. “What am I supposed to see?”
“Opportunity.”
“How’s that? And what does it have to do with…‘tracing?’”
The general smiled slightly, as if to say, “I’m glad you asked.” His face became not that of a drill instructor or even a teacher, but that of a sage. “Tracing is a discipline taught to all Thyrian soldiers. It teaches them that any and all obstacles can be surmounted no matter how large or daunting. Nothing can block their path and keep them from their goals. And all of this is done with only their bodies and is limited only by their wits and creativity.”
“So, it’s like the martial arts you’ve been teaching me.”
“Somewhat, but it isn’t about combat. It’s about critical thinking and self-improvement through physical discipline.”
Jaysynn nodded, silently absorbing everything his mentor just said.
“Let’s begin,” said Dracon.
For the next thirty minutes, the general had Jaysynn do balance, strength, and endurance exercises: handstands, chin-ups, squats, running, and several others. All of this Jaysynn had done many times before with increasing ease. But the prince knew this was only a prelude to the real training, and he had a feeling it would be the most difficult he had had to date.
Finally, his shirt darkened with sweat and his muscles flaring, Jaysynn stood awaiting instruction from the general.
Dracon pointed up to the top of a twelve-foot wooden “tower” that looked like it was a bunch of beams of varying lengths stacked vertically and glued together. “You’re going to climb to the top of that.”
“What for?” asked Jaysynn. He was grateful he and the general had developed a more casual rapport than the general had with his subordinates in the military. Being one of Thyrion’s princes certainly helped. However, the general still did not let him slack off in training.
“To learn the first important element of tracing: tumbling.”
Jaysynn loosened his shoulders and listened intently.
“A large part of tracing is knowing how to take a fall,” Dracon continued. “Tracers can jump from ledge to ledge or fall from great heights with little or no injury by tumbling as they land.” The general stepped back. “As you land, immediately curl your body into an almost ball-like shape and roll along the ground.” He jogged a few steps, tuck-and-rolled, and rose to his feet right in front of a startled Jaysynn. “This will spread out the momentum from your fall, thereby minimizing the impact.”
Jaysynn sighed. “All right, here goes nothing.”
The prince stepped onto the shortest post and ascended. Dracon told him to stop when he was six feet up. From there, Jaysynn took his first jump. He landed and rolled as instructed. Not even a scratch.
“Good,” said the general. “Now go higher.”
For the next two hours, Dracon drilled Jaysynn. The prince slowly ascended the tower until he was jumping from its twelve-foot peak. He earned his stripes—literally—by jumping six or seven times from the top. The landings were more difficult. He walked away with bruises, but he was shocked to see he had no broken bones.
After that, Dracon showed him how to vault, climb, and jump over each of the different obstacles in the “easy route” course. This climaxed with Jaysynn running the course. Sweaty, bruised, and exhausted, he finished the course as Dracon watched with a stopwatch in hand. He told Jaysynn that while it was not a record time, he would have been recruited to the Thyrian Army on the spot.
As the sun fell behind the horizon, Dracon allowed Jaysynn to plop onto the dusty ground. The prince guzzled down water from a canteen, emptying it for the second time that day. Half of its contents he poured over his face, mingling it with his sweat. His hair was as muddy as the ground under him. Dracon, a little sweaty himself, stood over the prince with his hands clasped behind his back. Jaysynn glanced up, his eyes meeting the general’s. Dracon was smiling in approval.
“You would make a fine soldier,” said the general.
“I don’t want to be a soldier,” he replied between pants. “Although Father would probably let me enlist just so he didn’t have to have a non-Select prince in the palace. He may not even care if I died in battle. What’s the point of all this?”
Dracon’s smile transformed into a scowl. “Stand up!”
Jolted, Jaysynn’s looked up up wide eyes. But before he could say anything, Dracon repeated his order: “Stand up! Do not lie in the mud like a pig and wallow in self-pity!”
Jaysynn snapped to attention, dropping his canteen, and stood ramrod straight with his arms at his sides.
Dracon sighed. “Relax. You aren’t a soldier, so there’s no need to act like one.”
Jaysynn hesitated to move, wondering if this was another test, but after a second or two, he took a deep breath and ran his fingers through his moist hair. Just then, he felt the general’s strong hand squeeze his shoulder. The prince lowered his arm and looked into the face of his mentor. He saw only pride in his expression.
“There’s no need for embarrassment. Your father, despite his great power, is blind to who you are and what you are capable of.”
“It doesn’t matter because I’m not a Select.”
“It does matter,” replied Dracon, releasing the prince’s shoulder. “You’re a prince. But more importantly, you’re a Thyrian. You are a descendent of Thyr and Yeva, the first man and woman created by Elthor, who were formed from the magic within the Great Well, the Heart of Thyrion. Their city—your city—was the first city, the cradle of civilization. Elthor commanded them to rule all they saw, and so the Thyrian Empire was born. Were you never taught that you were destined to rule?”
“Shar is getting the throne, not me.”
“No,” said Dracon, pointing authoritatively at Jaysynn, “it is the birthright of all Thyrians to rule and to be great. That is why we are equal with the Select—we share a common heritage. It matters not if we were given magic gifts or common ones. Look at me. I am not a Select, yet I rose through the ranks and became the supreme general of Thyrion’s Army. I am surpassed in rank only by…the royal family.”
Dracon paused. As that fact sunk in, Jaysynn hung his head and his shoulders slumped.
The general then grabbed and squeezed both of Jaysynn’s shoulders. The prince could not bear to look Dracon in the face, which went against everything he had been taught.
“Never let anyone strip you of your pride. That’s what all my training has been about. It was to restore your birthright, not as a prince but as a Thyrian. One day you will put your family’s doubts to shame.”
A smile finally cracked on Jaysynn’s face. He raised his head and said, “Thank you for believing in me.”
Dracon nodded in reply, unhanding the prince.
Jaysynn bent down to pick up his canteen in preparation to leave, but as he straightened, Dracon gestured for him to stay.
“Every army recruit is given a gift when he graduates.” The general reached into his jacket and produced a combat knife in a brown leather sheath emblazoned with a golden Thyrian royal crest. “Let it be a reminder of your birthright,” he said, handing it hilt-first to Jaysynn.
The prince took the knife and unsheathed it. Gripping its black hilt, he admired its fierce but simple six-inch blade, which seemed to glimmer despite being gray. Such knives were handcrafted by Select who could focus energy into a laser beam, so they were the sharpest blades in the world. It was a craft that had existed for a thousand years.
“Thank you,” said Jaysynn, sheathing the knife and strapping it to his waistband.
Dracon nodded. “We'll meet me here again tomorrow. I’ll make a tracer out of you yet.”
Jaysynn snickered. “Yes, sir.”
The general smiled as they walked away.
Chapter 5: State Secrets
“It’s been a week. I have a right to inspect the city I rule, even if it’s been reduced to ash. But more importantly, the people need to see their Emperor. It could give them desperately needed hope.”
With these words, the now Emperor Jaysynn convinced Gen. Dracon that morning to let him leave the emergency bunker. The general had been adamant about not letting him set foot outside. He said the chaos had to be quelled, the citizens pacified. Thyrians were a proud people, but in the Great Cataclysm, as they were calling it, panic destroyed dignity. Dracon feared dissidents might try to kill Jaysynn because they somehow blamed him for what happened or for perceived inaction. Worse yet, an assassin from an enemy city like Remirion might seize this opportunity to infiltrate Thyrion and murder Jaysynn amid the chaos. Despite his supreme authority, Jaysynn deferred to Dracon’s wisdom and experience on the matter--most of the time.
Now, however, he was on the surface. Dressed in a scavenged black silk suit and tie, Jaysynn emerged from the u-train station entrance accompanied by Dracon, who wore a field uniform. They met a squad of Thyrian soldiers with dirty and tattered fatigues. The squad circled around Jaysynn and Dracon to form a protective barrier. Some carried firearms, but Jaysynn knew now that they were only decoys for the few potential attackers who may not know guns did not work. None of the magic-powered weapons had worked since the Cataclysm. The only weapons those soldiers carried were their fierce expressions. However, some citizens were still intimidated because they feared the magic would return at any moment, powering the guns. Most of the soldiers, including Dracon, brandished their ceremonial sabers. Jaysynn swore a few of the swords were peppered with flakes of dry blood. He was glad he had slipped his knife into his pocket. This was doubly important since they were without the Emperor’s limousine, which could repel magic weaponry.
The city block was empty. Not a soul could be seen in the ravaged buildings or up and down the street. Gray dust covered everything in sight like snow, complete with hundreds of footprints, making it look like an early and dreary winter had struck Thyrion. Undoubtedly, this was dust from the skyscrapers whose collapse Jaysynn had barely escaped. Glass shards, derelict cars, broken bricks, and other debris littered the street under the coat of dust. The air smelled musty, like an old house, and tasted like chalk dust. Jaysynn rubbed the fine grit from his eyes. Silence enveloped everything.
It took every reserve of strength in Jaysynn not to weep. His eyes were already hot and moist under the dust caking on them.
“Where to, my Emperor?” asked Dracon.
“I want to see the Heart of Thyrion,” replied Jaysynn.
“My Emperor, the Great Well is gone.”
“Then take me to what’s left of it.”
The general’s jaw tightened. “I believe the Emperor’s time would be better suited elsewhere, perhaps giving a speech at Kyzer Square.”
“That can wait. You said you saw an explosion come from our magic Well. It must be the epicenter of this disaster. I have to see what’s become of it.”
Dracon huffed. “It shall be done, my Emperor.” He relayed the orders to the soldiers, and without breaking the protective circle, they marched down the street.
The city Jaysynn knew well had become an unrecognizable ghost. He could not identify any of the streets they walked. Many were blockaded by collapsed buildings, requiring them to take detours. Thankfully, the soldiers had familiarized themselves with this urban maze. The snowy dust never quite disappeared. Many skyscrapers—the pillars of Thyrion’s prestige—had collapsed, blanketing everything in their wake. Jaysynn recognized what were once his city’s famous shops, restaurants, plazas, and temples—many of which he had visited—all reduced to rubble, abandoned. The city’s color was gone, drained. The stench of death saturated the air, forcing Jaysynn to cover his nose at times to prevent himself from retching. How many bodies still remained buried under all the rubble?
More people appeared as they went. Most wore ragged clothes and even more ragged expressions. Many hid inside the barely standing buildings. Some scavenged trashcans and dumpsters for food. Their stench mingled with the smell of death. All of them, if they did not look away, stared at Jaysynn and his entourage, either in contempt or pleading. Their hollow eyes bored into Jaysynn, haunted him. He had to look away.
I never should’ve declared martial law, thought Jaysynn. The people mistrust me. We can’t afford that now. I have to renege it…soon.
“The Watchman will save us!” Jaysynn heard one of the people say.
“But nobody’s seen him since the disaster. He’s probably dead,” said another man.
“No! I saw him running through the city right after the explosion. He’s alive. I know it! He wouldn’t abandon us,” said a woman.
Dracon shook his head, scowling. “My proud countrymen have been reduced to believing an urban legend will save them. If this ‘Watchman’ exists, he has used their desperation to poison their souls.” He clenched his fist.
If you only knew… thought Jaysynn, but his mind quickly turned to something else. I hope Kyrie is okay. I haven’t heard from her since before the Cataclysm. Is she alive? Is she still in the city? What about her family?
Jaysynn was lifted from his thoughts by Dracon’s continuing denunciations of the Watchman “legends,” so he decided to change the subject.
“Why aren’t the Select helping the people?” he asked.
“My Emperor, the Select…have all lost their powers,” replied Dracon.
Jaysynn’s jaw dropped. “Is it true? Are they powerless?”
“I had expected they would have regained their abilities by now, but their powers seem to have vanished with the magic itself.”
Jaysynn shook his head, worrying. “It’s times like this when we need them most.”
The general’s voice was full of indignation. “We are Thyrians. We are a great people with or without magic powers.” His tone softened. “Perhaps it’s better this way. Now we are all truly equals.”
“I hated them for their arrogance as much as anyone, but how can we rebuild without their abilities?”
“Have you forgotten everything I taught you?” asked Dracon in an agitated tone. “You don’t need magic abilities to be great and powerful. Weakness is the only disgrace.”
Jaysynn was silent. He knew his mentor was right. Wasn’t he?
Hours passed. Jaysynn grew so used to the destruction he saw, he hardly noticed it anymore unless the damage was exceptional or he and his entourage were forced to climb over piles of debris. Where once stood buildings—whether old or new, pristine or dilapidated—housing someone’s home or business, were now mountains of broken dreams. The emperor took care to step lightly out of respect, especially since these hills were many Thyrians’ graves.
Finally, Jaysynn and his escorts came to a pile of debris that seemed as tall as a skyscraper and as long as a mountain range. This was where several of Thyrion’s taller buildings had crumbled upon each other. They were nearing the Heart of Thyrion now.
They scaled the debris for what seemed like forever, carefully avoiding disturbing the unstable tangle of the structure. Though it appeared firm, one wrong move could collapse it like a house of cards. Several soldiers had already been injured climbing it in the days since the Cataclysm, Jaysynn was told.
They neared the peak.
Silence fell. Even the wind died down. Fear pricked Jaysynn’s heart.
The soldiers in front of the emperor descended down the other side of the hill.
Jaysynn froze, staring.
A mere few hundred yards from this mountain of debris was a ten-mile-wide crater. It was an empty, seemingly perfect circle that was a charred black in color. This was where the Heart of Thyrion was supposed to be. Although Jalseion’s Well was the deepest, theirs was the largest well of magic in the world. It was the life-blood of the city, the source of its immense power. Jaysynn had grown up hearing the priests of the Temple of Thyrion say that Elthor had formed the first two human beings within the percolating magic in that Well. It was literally the wellspring of life.
Now the Heart of Thyrion had been ripped out, leaving the city as a shriveled corpse.
Jaysynn wept.
After a few seconds, Jaysynn covered his eyes with his hand and wiped away the tears. I must appear calm for the soldiers. Thyrion’s warriors need a morale boost.
Composed, he began his descent, accompanied by the general and the soldiers.
Reaching the ground sometime later, they marched toward the crater’s edge. Jaysynn’s feet felt heavier with each step, as if the land mystically repulsed him. It was more difficult than ever to keep pace with the soldiers.
Dracon noticed this and leaned over to whisper to Jaysynn: “You’ve come too far to stop now.”
Jaysynn, still walking, clenched his fists and took a deep breath.
They stopped ten feet from the crater’s edge. Jaysynn ordered the soldiers before him to part so he could see it. They obeyed.
The Emperor stepped forward, inching toward the precipice, and gazed in.
Emptiness. Black, barren emptiness.
Jaysynn sealed his stinging eyes and swallowed his cries.
He felt the strong hand of Dracon on his shoulder.
“What could have done this?” Jaysynn asked.
The general’s reply was quick. “Not ‘what’—‘who.’”
“Are you serious?”
“This wasn’t natural. Undoubtedly it was an attack from Remirion in retaliation for their losses during our last war a year ago.”
“They don’t have weapons technology this powerful.”
“But Jalseion does.”
Jaysynn turned to Dracon, shocked. “Jalseion’s scientists may be pretentious and greedy, but I can’t believe they would make a weapon that could do this.”
“You underestimate Remirion’s resources and arrogance.”
Jaysynn sighed, his gaze falling. “You’re sure about this?”
“It’s the only logical explanation.”
“Then what should I…we do?”
Dracon looked at him with the grim expression of a warrior. It was a face Jaysynn only saw on his mentor just before going to war. “Prepare for an invasion. Our enemies will not hesitate to strike the killing blow.”
“Why haven’t they done it already?”
“Perhaps they wish to watch us suffer before destroying us.”
“That doesn’t seem like them.”
Annoyance was detectable in Dracon’s voice. “You never fought wars against them. I assure you they are fierce fighters.”
“But that doesn’t make them sadists.”
“Regardless, Thyrion is vulnerable. We must protect ourselves.”
Jaysynn hung his head.
“You know what must be done,” said Dracon gravely.
The Emperor glanced at the general. “A truce would be preferable to war in our wounded state.”
Dracon scowled. “‘Thyrion does not negotiate with its enemies.’”
Jaysynn harrumphed quietly. I hate that mantra.
Jaysynn sighed again. “Do it.”
The general announced the Emperor’s decree to the soldiers, ordering them to spread the word that they were to prepare for war. He began giving orders that he wanted relayed to Thyrion’s armies.
Jaysynn buried his face in his hands. I need to clear my head.
He meandered toward the gaping mouth of the crater.
Dracon called, “My Emperor, do not wander off without an escort!”
Jaysynn replied not as the Emperor, but as an adventurous young man. “I doubt there are any assassins around here, General. And you know I can handle myself.”
Dracon huffed. “Ten minutes.”
Jaysynn nodded in reply.
He quickened his pace to a jog and quickly wished he was wearing more comfortable clothes. The shoes, while light, felt restrictive. The shirt and pants limited his movement. The coat weighed him down. He tired out faster than normal--he had been hiding in the bunker too long. So, he slowed down. Walking will have to do. But I miss running. It was so…freeing.
He stopped and inched toward the edge, gazing at the crater that seemed to stretch to the horizon. This gaping wound…would it be fatal to his homeland? Had he ascended to the throne only to watch his city die? Was this how he would be remembered?
What good can I do now? he thought. This is beyond me. Millions dead. Thousands fleeing the city. Our enemies waiting to strike. He hung his head. I just can’t—
Suddenly, the brittle ground crumbled beneath him. Within a second, he slipped into the black crater. Sliding down the slanted cliff face, he twisted around and clawed for a handhold, finding none in the wall. Sharp debris and protrusions cut his clothes and skin, adding fresh wounds to his healing cuts. I won’t die! Not like this!
His hand grabbed a wiry metal rod—the remains of a building’s foundation—and he halted his fall. For several seconds, Jaysynn was motionless, his eyes shut and his lungs gulping air. He felt several wounds across his body begin to bleed, soaking his suit. Slowly, he opened his eyes and looked up. He’d slid at least ten feet down. He could call for help, but would anyone hear him? Regardless, he should still try to climb out. There was no telling how long the soldiers would take to find him. He surveyed the wall above him. There were other protrusions from the destroyed foundation. If he was careful…
Jaysynn stretched his hand up and grabbed a slab of concrete, pulling himself up a few inches, his feet finding new footholds. It was his first step. For several long minutes, he inched his way back up. Sweat soaked his suit and stung his eyes, blurring his vision. He had to blink to clear his eyes and find his next handhold. Sweat also dampened his hands, so he could not grip handholds as easily. His mind was focused on finding his next step, so he climbed in silence, never looking higher than a foot or two. He couldn’t risk throwing off his balance with such unreliable holds. Could he handle another fall?
Just then, he heard footfalls above him. He dared to look up. The ledge was just a few feet up—and two Thyrian army officers stood near it.
Adrenaline-laced excitement surged through Jaysynn. He sucked in a breath, his cry for help just behind his lips, when the soldiers’ words silenced him.
“Our scouts keep reporting that the Cataclysm has devastated every city on the continent,” one said.
What? thought Jaysynn.
“So they’re no better off than we are?” asked the second officer.
“We were hit the hardest because we were the epicenter, but our devious neighbors have all lost power and their Wells are dry, just like us.”
“What about their Select?”
“The scouts aren’t sure, but initial reports say they’ve lost their powers, too.”
“No wonder they haven’t invaded.”
“We could’ve avoided this disaster if the Whispers had captured that engineer girl from Jalseion and brought her here in time.”
“Who knows? At least we got her arm and leg.”
“Those aren’t worth the lives we lost getting them.”
They kept talking, but their voices faded into the distance, barely becoming mumbles.
Jaysynn was glad. He did not want to announce his presence and risk arousing those officers’ suspicions, even if he was in trouble. His sweaty fingers were cramping. He had been holding on too long, listening. He had to hurry.
It took Jaysynn several exhausting, tense moments, but he reached the ledge and pulled himself out of the crater. He crawled several feet from the edge, rolled over, and collapsed on the gravelly ground. Dirt caked on his wet face. His muscles screamed in agony. But it was his mind that was reeling.
I smell a conspiracy.
Chapter 6: A Hero Among Fools
Three years ago…
The Emperor’s Table was full. Jaysynn was surprised he himself was even there, sitting in his traditional seat: the fourth one down from the head of the table on the “princes’ side.”
At the head of the table were his parents, Emperor Thorynn and Empress Zebel. His father, ever the traditionalist, wore black royal robes, his purple cape, and the jewel-encrusted crown bearing the “lightning fist” insignia of Thyrion. His mother was dressed similarly, minus the cape, but it was her face that struck Jaysynn. Her expression was cold. While the Emperor’s eyes flared with power, hers were icy sapphires. Her skin looked like a frozen lake. Mist emitted from her nostrils with every breath and from her mouth whenever she spoke, which was not often, but when she did, her voice was the whisper of a wintry wind. A youth defying her years seemed to have been frozen on her body.
Jaysynn and his brothers all wore their finest tailored suits. Across from them were his sisters, each of whom wore the dresses that had made them the envy of every woman in the kingdom. They had but to look outside to be blinded by the reporters’ flashing cameras. Filling the remaining chairs on both the princes’ and princesses’ sides were several Thyrian military officers Jaysynn did not recognize.
At the opposite head of the table, however, were seated Gen. Dracon and High Priest Pelag, the head of the Temple of Thyrion. The general wore his dress uniform while the gray-haired high priest was clad in his finest white robe.
This is no ordinary meeting, thought Jaysynn. It has to be important if all of us have to be here, even me.
Thorynn stood, stretching to his full height.
Dracon and Pelag then stood and, with heads bowed, saluted the Emperor by pressing their right arms on their chests and then extending their clenched fists to him. With that, the soldier and priest sat back down.
“I will forego trivialities and tell you why we are meeting,” Thorynn said in a voice like distant thunder. “I am going to re-conquer Remirion.”
Everyone—even the Empress—looked surprised.
Remirion? thought Jaysynn. It was a name he had not heard since he was boy. Unfortunately, he voiced his next thought. “Don’t they call themselves ‘Falcon Point’ now?”
A growl rumbled from Thorynn’s throat. “Do not use its rebel name,” he said, pointing at Jaysynn. “Its name is, and always shall be, Remirion, the name given it by my ancestors.”
Jaysynn hung his head to avoid the shaming glares everyone at the table was throwing at him.
Dracon was the next one to speak up. “My Emperor, this would be our third campaign to bring that city back under the Thyrian flag. The last one was years ago. Thousands of Thyrian soldiers died in that long, fruitless war.”
“We are wiser and stronger now,” said the Emperor, raising a clenched fist. “Remirion will learn that it is always under Thyrion’s rule.”
“My Emperor, I fought in that war,” said Dracon. “The Remirians have a highly defensible position in the Mericon Mountains. And they are expert fighters. Their military is small, but it is highly trained.”
“Thyrion has crushed stronger enemies under its heel,” said Thorynn. “This…thorn in my side will be no different.”
Dracon turned to Zebel. “What do you have to say to this, my Empress?”
The slender figure of the Thyrian Empress rose. “I am in agreement with my husband. If we do not subjugate Remirion, other cities under our dominion may dare to rebel against us.”
“Father and Mother are right,” said Shar. “They have defied Thyrion for over a generation. Their rebellion can’t be tolerated.”
The other princes and princesses voiced their vehement agreement—all except Jaysynn, who remained silent as he sat back and crossed his arms. I’d say something, but they wouldn’t care, he thought.
“I agree,” said Dracon. “I just want to avoid rushing headlong into a foolhardy war.”
“Where does the Temple stand on this?” Thorynn asked Pelag.
 The high priest slowly stood with his wrinkled hands folded in front of his face. His bones creaked loudly. “I have communed with Elthor in prayer. I have sought wisdom from the Book of Thyr in the Sacred Tomes. If I speak falsely in what I am to say, may I be punished most severely.” He paused. “Remirion has rebelled against its masters, and in their pride, its people established their own nation. The High Lord has looked upon their sins with disgust and appointed Thyrion to judge them. He will deliver the rebel city to you so that it will be smote by his righteous hammer. You have the Temple’s blessing.”
“Then it is settled,” said Thorynn. “We cannot fail now.” He turned to the eldest prince. “Shar, my son, it is time for you to prove your mettle as my heir, so I appoint you commander-in-chief of the armies in this campaign.”
Shar smirked. “Thank you, father. It will be an honor.”
Jaysynn shot a glare at his brother while the rest of their siblings applauded him and showered him with congratulations.
Dracon, on the other hand, looked annoyed. He spoke over the applause, saying, “My Emperor, I must respectfully disagree with your choice of leader.”
Everyone fell silent, turning to him in shock. Jaysynn, however, was trying to hide a small smile.
“You dare question my decision!” shot Thorynn.
“My apologies, my Emperor,” replied Dracon, who looked to be using all his discipline to remain calm. “But Shar is not ready to lead. He is inexperienced on the battlefield.”
“He is the best fighter of all my father’s children,” interjected Talynn.
“And the smartest,” chimed Chel.
Jaysynn’s stomach turned at hearing their almost worshipful praise.
“Prowess and intelligence are no substitutes for experience,” retorted Dracon.
A moment of silence followed.
Jaysynn secretly hoped this meant the general’s comment had changed their minds. It’s better coming from him than me.
“You are correct, Dracon,” the Emperor began, “and that is why you will accompany Shar as his military advisor.”
Jaysynn’s jaw dropped.
Dracon clenched his fist but managed to refrain from pounding the table. “My Emperor, I have several other campaigns I must manage.”
“Remirion will be squelched!” thundered Thorynn, lightning flaring in his eyes. “They are already sowing seeds of defiance in other cities. Let its punishment be a warning to them—God-Emperor Thorynn will tolerate no rebellion!”
Silence.
Sweat beaded on Jaysynn’s forehead.
For several eternal seconds, Dracon stared with barely hidden contempt at the Emperor. Neither man would back down.
Finally, the general sat down. “It will be done as you command…my Emperor.”
Thorynn blinked, his expression softening, although it was like going from steel to stone. He spoke the Thyrian Emperor’s traditional benediction, saying, “My will is the will of the High Lord.”
Pelag recited the traditional response: “It shall be obeyed.”
The Emperor and Empress stood. Everyone else stood after that and departed to carry out Thorynn’s decree. Except Jaysynn. He sat with his head buried in his hands. No one, not even Dracon, bothered to ask him why he looked depressed.
*    *     *
A week later, Shar departed amidst a military parade. He wore the finest Thyrian army uniform while riding a white horse. Emperor Thorynn and the Thyrian Honor Guard, also riding horses, escorted him through the streets as the people watched. Rover trucks armed with magic-powered weapons cleared the way for the prince and his entourage. The people cheered. They threw white flowers along the road as he went, a gesture of blessing as old as Thyrion itself.
At least, that is what Jaysynn was told later by his siblings. He avoided the procession. Nobody expected him to be there, and he was not invited. That disappointed him more than anything else. He could handle Shar being sent off to “glorious battle;” he was, after all, the eldest son and the heir to the throne. Jaysynn was not even old enough to enlist in the Thyrian military. What disappointed him was that his family did not want him there.
So, he disappeared into his room high up in the south tower of the Emperor’s Palace, locking the door behind him. He plopped on his soft bed and silky blankets and hung his head.
Knock-knock.
The prince ignored it.
Knock-knock.
“What do you care! Go away!” snapped Jaysynn.
“Open the door or I’ll break it down,” shouted a familiar voice.
The prince gasped. “I’m sorry, Dracon.” He ran to the door and opened it.
There stood the general. He looked slightly annoyed, but it quickly faded. “I have little time before I leave with your brother. I just want you to know that I want you to keep practicing and training. You cannot let your skills erode. They are what separate you not only from the Select but also from the ordinary.”
Jaysynn harrumphed. “What does it matter? My father will never truly recognize me as his son.”
The general backhanded Jaysynn across the face. The young man stared at him in shock.
“After four years of training, I expected better from you,” scolded the general. “If you have let your arrogant family kill your pride, there is no hope for you.”
Jaysynn bowed his head. “My apologies, sir.”
Dracon grabbed the prince’s chin and raised his head until their eyes met. “I am your mentor, but a prince should never bow to his general.”
A small smile cracked Jaysynn’s face.
“You were born for greatness. Never forget that.”
Jaysynn nodded.
“I shall return,” said Dracon, shaking Jaysynn’s hand. “Goodbye.”
With that, he departed.
Jaysynn watched his brother’s parade snake its way through the streets of Thyrion and disappear.
Suddenly, the general’s words sounded hollow. There went his cavalier brother, the favored son, the heir to the throne, off to prove himself in battle. He would win glory for their father, their city, and, apparently, their god. But most importantly, for himself.
What makes him think he deserves any of it? thought Jaysynn. Just because he’s a Select? That he can manipulate fire? I worked for every little thing I have. He had everything handed to him. His fist pounded the window.
*     *     *
The Emperor’s Palace was silent at midnight. A day of festivities had left even the “night owls” of the royal progeny tired. Only a handful of servants hard at work and guards on patrol remained awake.
So was Jaysynn.
The prince locked his door and shut off his lights. Nobody would bother him now unless it was an emergency. Jaysynn usually did this to shut out his family and be alone. But tonight, he could not even stand being in the house he was not welcome in. In the pale moonlight, he quickly changed clothes, discarding his royal trappings in favor of black running shoes, dark green athletic pants, and a matching  green hooded sweatshirt. Sitting on his dresser was the knife Dracon had given him. He grabbed it and strapped it to his waistband. Just in case I need it. Then he pulled a backpack from under his bed and put it on the mattress. He unzipped it and stuffed inside a full canteen and a paper bag with a few loaves of bread. With that, he closed the backpack, slung it onto his shoulders, and tiptoed to the window.
The half-moon peering down from sky, Jaysynn surveyed the courtyard two stories below. Two guards stood at the gate a few hundred yards away. He knew there would be at least one on the front portico, but he didn’t see others. He was close to the far corner of the Palace, so the guard at the portico probably would not notice him. The guards were looking for intruders, not for people leaving the Palace. Getting back in would be tricky, but he knew the patrol patterns. If he could get out, he was confident he would manage to get back in.
Now’s my chance, he thought, strapping on a pair of black gloves.
Jaysynn opened the window and closed the curtains. Then he slipped between the curtains, spun around, and gripped the marble sill. He glanced down one more time to make sure the courtyard was clear. It was.
No turning back now, he thought.
He let go of the sill and dropped.
An instant later, another window appeared in front of Jaysynn and he gripped its sill. This window belonged to a guest room on the floor below his room. He was glad it was unoccupied.
He made a quick sweep for more guards. None.
He dropped again. Hitting the ground, he tuck-and-rolled backward.
He checked again for the guards. He had not been spotted. But the guards on patrol were probably coming this way, so Jaysynn jogged toward the 10-foot tall fence that surrounded the Palace. The gaps between the bars were too narrow for him to squeeze through, but he knew this. After making one last check for guards and any bystanders on the other side, the prince jumped onto the fence and scaled it like a spider. He climbed over the peak with a quick jump and slid down the other side, landing quietly.
Jaysynn savored his accomplishment for a second. Then he dashed across the four-lane street and ran down the alleyway. He jumped onto a dumpster and from there grabbed the ladder on a fire escape and climbed. He reached the roof of the three-story building in about twenty seconds, hopping over the ledge.
Crouching, he breathed a sigh of relief. No alarm blared from the Palace. Guards were not barking orders or threats. I did it. I really did it! He could not help but laugh.
He stood and walked to the other side of the building. Before him was the city of Thyrion with its lights flashing and shining, its sleepless people’s voices blending in a hum-like noise. The chill night air nipped at Jaysynn’s face. A deluge of smells both sweet and foul invaded his nostrils. It was all an invitation.
I’ve never been in the city at night. How many nights have I sat at my window and wondered what happened at this hour? Now I can find out.
With that, he backed up, dashed toward the ledge, and leaped across the narrow alley to the next building.
For the next hour or two—he lost track of time—Jaysynn traced through the city. He jumped from rooftop to rooftop if he could to avoid being seen. Whenever the alleys were too wide to jump, he descended to the ground and ran through the nearly empty streets. A few people saw him, but they usually ignored him. Perhaps they thought he was a runaway or a criminal. He received some rare shouts, but was usually climbing a ladder or antenna tower to a rooftop before anyone could say anything.
Once or twice he had to avoid a lighted window as he climbed, but they were not a problem. However, he failed to avoid one that was to a boy’s bedroom, which Jaysynn learned when he heard the child excitedly shouting at his mother that he saw a man climbing the wall outside. Thankfully, the mother just told him to go to bed.
Jaysynn had forgotten how free tracing made him feel. No restrictions, no limits, no boundaries. Every fiber of his being screamed with exuberance even as his muscles burned and sweat stung his eyes. Alive. That was how he felt. Alive. Like he could touch the sky or conquer the world. This was what he was meant to do, who he was meant to be. His family could keep their magic powers. Their abilities had made them arrogant, selfish, and lazy. Could they experience the thrill of tracing? Could they see the city as he saw it now as a man battling against gravity and winning? Flight was rare even among Select.
Maybe I can fly, thought Jaysynn, but he laughed in his head at the thought.
Now Jaysynn could no longer hear his screaming muscles. A few blocks back, the delightful smell of fresh bread amid the stench stirred his hunger, so he rolled to a stop as he landed on the roof of a short building. This is probably an apartment complex, he thought. I hope no one’s awake enough to come see who’s stomping around on the roof. Stepping toward the building’s ledge, he pulled off his backpack and sat down, leaning against the short wall. He unzipped the backpack and produced his canteen and the bag of bread. Both were a little worse for wear: the canteen was dented in several spots and the bread had been squashed. Still edible, though. He brought the canteen to his mouth, pulled the tab with his teeth, and gladly swigged three mouthfuls of refreshing cool water.
He opened the bag of bread and was about to bite into it when he heard voices in the alley below. Three men and a woman. The woman, whose lyrical voice exuded innocence, sounded nervous. The men, however, sounded licentious, like wolves on the prowl. Jaysynn replaced his canteen and bread in his bag and peered over the wall, looking down.
Four figures stood at the back of the dead-end alley under a flickering lamp, whose light was so dirty it left smudges on Jaysynn’s eyes. The woman—so young she seemed barely out of girlhood—had long locks of tarnished gold for hair. Her face was painted with heavy make-up, like she was a doll. Her skin, whether tanned or grimy Jaysynn could not tell, was otherwise smooth. He could tell because she was showing much of it. She wore a low-cut leather blouse that bared her midriff and a miniskirt that barely concealed her underwear. She staggered in the mile-high-heel shoes. The men all wore grungy clothes and ravenous expressions.
“You brought us here to have a good time, right, babe?” said the tallest man, who seemed to be the leader.
The girl spoke as awkwardly as she walked. “Yes…but just one at a time. And…I need the money first.” Her eyes betrayed her disgust.
“You done this before?” asked one of the other men, incredulous.
“Yeah…all the time.” She tried to sound seductive. “I…like it dirty. Don’t you?”
One of the other men huffed. “Then why you talking like the virgin I shredded in bed last night?”
Fright crept onto her painted face. “I-I’m not a virgin…”
The tall man clutched her small shoulders, and she squealed in pain. “How ‘bout I see myself if you’ve been deflowered? Then maybe I’ll pay you extra for taking your virginity—or less because you don’t know how to shred properly? Then my buddies can have what’s left of you.”
“No fair!” they said.
“Shut up!” He tore at her blouse.
“No, please!” the girl shouted.
Jaysynn’s first instinct was to leave since what was coming would be ugly. Then like a bolt of his father’s lightning, a thought struck him: This is my chance to win glory in battle, like my brother! I can prove I’m as much a warrior as he is! The girl may even kiss me out of gratitude! Excitement coursed through Jaysynn, reinvigorating his muscles. Impulsively, he jumped over the ledge with his backpack in hand, dropping two stories and making a three-point landing on a dumpster with a crash. With his hood concealing his face, he looked up at the surprised dregs and shouted, “Get your filthy hands off her!”
“Kill him!” ordered the tall man.
His friends instantly rushed Jaysynn.
The prince sprang, flipping over the two men as they encroached. He landed, tossing his backpack aside, and charged at the leader. The girl squirmed from his grip. Four strides and, jumping, Jaysynn kicked the fiend in the chest, launching him into the wall, where he collapsed. The girl, frightened, fell to her hands and knees.
Jaysynn turned to face the others. “Stay behind me!” he commanded the girl, glancing over his shoulder and smiling.
The two men charged. With lightning speed, Jaysynn jumped at the wall, sprang off, and kicked one in the head, knocking him down as teeth and blood flew out of his opponent’s mouth. The last man he stopped dead in his tracks by punching him in the face. The man lurched back, crying in pain, with blood gushing from his broken nose. Shaking his head, he recovered enough to retaliate, but instantly found Jaysynn’s knife at his throat.
Jaysynn, keeping his face hidden under the hood, spoke with a voice full of heroic pride. “Leave now and I might forget to call the police. Otherwise…” He had no intention of killing them, but they did not know that.
His foe now had sweat mingling with the blood on his face. He nervously gestured to his friends. Jaysynn heard them stagger behind him. Only when they had walked behind the man he had at knifepoint did he lower his blade. Standing ramrod straight, Jaysynn glared at the three dregs until they disappeared around the corner.
He sighed, relieved and feeling triumphant. And now to get some thanks from the girl.  He sheathed his knife, turned, and offered a hand to the girl. “Are you hurt?”
“I’m fine,” she replied, taking his hand. He pulled her to her feet. “Thank you.”
Jaysynn stepped back both to keep his face hidden and because the girl reeked of cheap perfume. “Don’t worry. That’s all the thanks I want.”
She closed her eyes to fight back tears.
Now, despite his royal upbringing, the prince was unsure what to say, but he ventured, “A girl like you shouldn’t…sell herself like a piece of meat.”
“I don’t have a choice,” she replied, wiping away tears.
“But…prostitution? I can’t believe such an undignified thing exists in Thyrion.”
“Where have you been?” shot the girl in agitated surprise. “Lots of women have had to do this. One of my friends joined the Ladies of the Night Club and got me into it. She said you could make lots of money really fast. So, she gave me these clothes and I started walking the streets. It took me three hours before I could get any men to…approach me.”
“But why?”
“My father was a soldier, but now he’s crippled, and my mother is too sick to work. We need money and fast. I’m the oldest. I had to do something since my brothers and sisters are too young to work. They’re starving. They can’t wait.”
Jaysynn hung his head. Now words did fail him. I should leave before.... He glanced at the girl. Strong for someone this young, yet forced to sacrifice her Thyrian pride. If only I--wait!
He dashed to his backpack and picked it up.
“What’s that?” asked the girl.
Jaysynn unzipped it, pulled out the bag of bread, and held it out to her. “Take these and share them with your family.”
The girl looked befuddled.
“I insist. They’re a few hours old and were flattened during my run, but I promise you they’re still tasty.”
The girl apprehensively took the bread. “I’ve never seen bread that looked this good,” she said, examining the loaves. “It looks like it should be from the Palace.”
Jaysynn smiled.
“Thank you again.”
“You’re welcome, miss.”
Suddenly smiling, the girl giggled. “My name’s Kyrie.”
“Then you’re welcome, Kyrie.”
She giggled again.
“I can get you a job. A good job. You won’t have to sell yourself.”
“You can? Where?”
Jaysynn replayed his run in his head, digging for any potential workplaces. “Isn’t there a bakery on Evergreen Street a few blocks from here? We could try there first.”
“When?”
“Tomorrow, if you want.”
Kyrie’s jaw dropped. “I…I don’t know what to say. Why would you do this for me?”
Jaysynn hesitated to answer. Why am I doing this?
After a brief pause, he finally said, “Because it’s the right thing to do.”
Kyrie wiped away more tears. “I can’t tell you how good it feels to not be treated like I’m invisible. I just wish someone could do this for all the other women I know.”
“What do you mean?”
“The Emperor, that—” She mouthed a filthy profanity. “Doesn’t he know how many women have been widowed because of him and his constant wars and conquests? Some of them are only a few years older than me! Without husbands to take care of them, they’re desperate for food and money. Some of them have children to feed. They don’t know what to do.” She harrumphed. “I have friends who had to watch their husbands leave during his stupid parade for Prince Shar, afraid they won’t come home.”
Jaysynn felt like he had been stabbed in the heart. A righteous indignation welled up inside him. Father has truly sacrificed the people for his own glory. 
Kyrie composed herself. “I need to get home,” she said, stepping forward and stumbling. She kicked off her high-heels and picked them up. “If only to get out of these horrible clothes.”
She ran past Jaysynn, but then stopped and looked back at him. “You never showed me your face.”
“I’d like to keep it that way.”
“Fair enough. But who are you?”
Jaysynn paused. “A friend.”
Kyrie looked disappointed, but smiled anyway. “I’ll see you around.” With that, she ran down the alley and into the street.
Jaysynn walked up to the street, peered around the corner, and watched Kyrie to make sure she was not attacked by any more would-be “customers.” Once she rounded a corner a few blocks away, he slipped back into the alley.
He leaned against the wall and hung his head. My father is poisoning Thyrion’s soul. If only I could stop his wars. He pounded the brick wall. I can’t sit by and let the people suffer. I’d be no better than my family. What glory is there in war when it does this? He buried his face in his hands. After a few seconds of tortured silence, he raised his head. His eyes were full of fire. I can’t stop the war, but I can and will help the people on the streets.
Chapter 7: The Watchman
“You cannot wander off for that long!” said Dracon, who did not seem to care who he was addressing now. “You’re not a lowly prince anymore. You’re the Emperor. This is wartime and a crisis. You cannot afford to be reckless.”
“Yes, sir,” replied Jaysynn, burdened by the scolding.
It had been like this since they returned to the bunker after he had climbed out of the crater. Dracon had refrained from chastising him while they were still in public so they could avoid losing face with the soldiers and citizens. Their already fragile, if not shattered, morale had to be maintained. But Jaysynn’s transgression could not be ignored. So, no sooner were they back in the bunker did Dracon unload one verbal barrage after another on him.
“I trained you better than this. Dammit, your royal upbringing should have taught you better.”
Jaysynn’s face crinkled as he swallowed his anger. “I get it.”
Dracon pressed a button to activate the light stick, which had been their only illumination the entire week. It would not turn on, so he smacked it in frustration until it did.
The Tinkerer’s batteries must be drained, thought Jaysynn.
The general laid the light on the table and continued his lecture. “Your father was a fool. I had hoped you were the only one of his offspring who didn’t inherit that foolishness,” he said, pointing at Jaysynn.
Dracon’s face was full of annoyance. No, more than annoyance—disappointment. I hate being a disappointment, Jaysynn thought.
“Now get out of that suit so I can have it cleaned. You embarrassed the throne enough walking home in it.”
Dejected, Jaysynn started changing clothes. At least he could wear his more comfortable clothes now.
Would this be a good time to bring up what I heard from those officers? he wondered while he was changing. I didn’t want to say anything in the open in case anyone overheard. I don’t know how deep this conspiracy goes. I can trust Dracon. He’s a hard man, but he would never betray Thyrion.
As he finished changing, he took a deep breath to summon courage. Then he said, “Xander.” He never used Dracon’s first name unless it was truly important. He respected the man too much.
The general glared at him in the dim light, waiting for Jaysynn to prove this was worthy of addressing him as such.
He hesitated only briefly. “While I was in the crater, I overheard something.”
Dracon looked at him sideways. “What do you mean?”
Jaysynn recounted what the Thyrian officers had discussed. Dracon listened intently, his face masked by gruff composure.
“Do you know anything about this?” Jaysynn finally asked him.
The general crossed his arms, his expression unchanging. “I have heard reports like those, but I dismissed them as rumors and hearsay. In all this chaos, it’s difficult to know what is true.”
“You’re confident of the intelligence you shared with me at the crater.”
“Because that came from my most trusted men. Who said these things?”
“I couldn’t see their faces.”
“There were several officers present at the crater. I will speak with them.”
“Is that a good idea? If they’ve kidnapped a Jalseian Engineer, they may kill her if they think we’re suspicious. We can’t afford to have any trouble with our neighbors right now.”
Dracon nodded once. “You’re right. Then I will investigate the matter quietly.”
Jaysynn grinned to hide his disappointment. I’d hoped he’d investigate it immediately. He dared not voice that, so he simply said, “Thank you, Dracon.”
“Now, if you will excuse me, I have to meet with the other officers.”
The young Emperor dismissed him with a gesture.
Dracon bowed slightly and departed.
Jaysynn sat in the chair next to the table. He huffed. I need to find out what’s going on. Dracon’s too busy. If the conspirators did something that led to the Cataclysm…I need to find out. I owe it to the people of Thyrion. 
Then it’s settled. I’m going to the Hall of Records tonight.
*     *     *
The soldier assigned to guard Jaysynn’s bunker was Sgt. Elrik. The young Emperor, in his usual fashion, had become something of a friend to the former Select. Unlike most of the other magic-users Jaysynn knew, he was surprisingly down-to-earth. Like Dracon, who possessed great political power but did not lord it over his inferiors, Elrik thought himself equal with his fellow Thyrians. The loss of his abilities had been a shock, but he had adjusted to his new normality fairly well by comparison.
Jaysynn was about to put that rapport to its greatest test.
As Jaysynn, clad in casual clothes and carrying a full backpack, opened the door, he greeted the young soldier heartily. Elrik, who was standing at attention next to the door, acknowledged him respectfully.
“I have a favor to ask you,” said Jaysynn.
Elrik turned to him, looking puzzled. “My Emperor—”
“Please call me ‘Jaysynn.’”
It took a second for that to sink in. “Jaysynn, what favor could I possibly do for you?”
Despite the soldier’s acquiescence, Jaysynn hesitated to ask. “I would like to go for a walk by myself on the surface. Will you let me do that?”
“But General Dracon has given me explicit orders to guard you.”
“He doesn’t need to know. I’ll be back long before he comes to see me in the morning.”
“He’ll have my head for neglecting my orders.”
“I’m the Emperor, so I think my word carries a little more weight. Plus, we need all the soldiers we can get, so I doubt you’d get discharged right now.”
Elrik sighed. “How long?”
“Just a few hours.”
“Are you sure you can handle yourself?”
“You may not know this, but Dracon trained me himself. I’m more than capable of defending myself.”
“Just do better than you did earlier today,” Elrik said with a laugh.
“Thanks,” replied Jaysynn, laughing too. “I owe you one.”
“Think nothing of it, My Em—Jaysynn.”
With that, Jaysynn flew down the subway tunnel like a bird freed from a cage. He pulled a light stick from his backpack to illuminate his path. Since it did not run on magic, he had no idea how long it would last. Once he was in earshot of the entrance and saw the moonlight pouring in from above ground, he stopped. Checking to make sure nobody was around, he opened his backpack and produced his hooded sweatshirt, which he had stuffed inside. He unrolled it and slipped it over his shirt, pulling the hood over his head and face. Under the sweatshirt were bags of food and medicine that Jaysynn had scavenged from the bunker during the week. The medicine was given to him, but he doubted anyone would notice their absence. If they did, he would tell them he had taken them.
He zipped the backpack and slung it onto his back. He slunk down the tunnel, always watching for any bystanders. I can’t afford to be seen. Not now. Thankfully, the tunnel remained empty. Had the Underdwellers moved out? That wouldn’t surprise me. A lot of people have left the city. Not even a scurrying rat could be heard, although the musty air was still filled with their foul odor. That was not a good sign, although Jaysynn mused how it was a dishonor that even Thyrian rats had given up on the city.
He came to the entrance and quietly ascended the stairs. Peeking out to scan the street, he saw it was clear, so he ran into the nearest alley. There he climbed a fire escape, reached the roof, and started tracing.
For a little more than an hour, he ran through the dark city, leaping from rooftops, scaling walls, jumping over cars. The moon was nearly full, so Jaysynn had little trouble navigating the obstacles. But the cityscape had changed. He might as well have been on another planet. Debris blocked his paths. Buildings he had once climbed lay in ruins. Tracing, though, had taught him to improvise and find new routes, so he never stopped for long. He did his best to stay on the roofs and avoid disturbing the people. The Cataclysm already had them on edge; no need to aggravate that by sneaking around like a prowler.
I just hope they still meet at the secret places…if they’re still standing. He would soon find out.
Judging by the moon’s position in the sky, it was nearly midnight. 
Jaysynn soon realized he was in Barathrum’s Slums, the “bad part” of the city. The unusually strong stench told him this. Here the poorest of the poor lived and worked. The streets were filthy and the buildings rotted, and the people often matched. No one from the Palace ever ventured there during their parades. It had, in many ways, been forgotten. But not by him. Ironically, the Slums had been spared the devastation wrought on the more opulent parts of Thyrion because of its distance from the Great Well. It seemed Dracon was right: everyone truly was equal now.  
He jumped from one building to a shorter one, rolling to a stop. It’s still standing. Before the Cataclysm, this building had been a whorehouse. Now it seemed empty. All the better, he thought. I always felt…dirty coming here. It was necessary, though. The neediest people could be found here.  Now to see if anyone is here.
Just then, he heard voices coming from the alley. He rushed to the building’s ledge. Two stories below were about a dozen people holding short candles. Their dirty, rag-like clothes were barely visible in the candlelight. Those not holding candles sat on the ground against the graffiti-stained wall. They all spoke in hushed tones, but Jaysynn heard a few things they said.
“He’s not coming. He hasn’t come for a week. We’re wasting our time,” a man said to a woman sitting next to him, presumably his wife.
She, on the other hand, refused to share his pessimism. “He’s probably been displaced by the Cataclysm, just like all of us.”
“Or he’s dead,” interjected another man.
Jaysynn smiled and stood to his full height. “No, he’s not!” he bellowed in a deeper voice.
The small crowd looked up in joyous shock. Those sitting instantly shot to their feet.
“It’s him! The Watchman!” a woman exclaimed.
“Yes,” replied Jaysynn, keeping his voice disguised, “I barely survived the Cataclysm myself, but I couldn’t forget my fellow Thyrians in their darkest hour.”
“Thank Elthor!” exclaimed another woman.
Jaysynn whipped off his backpack, laid it in front of himself, and bent down to unzip it. “I have medicine and food. What does everyone need?”
For the next twenty minutes, Jaysynn distributed his stash among the crowd by tossing it down to them. The medicine was first. He had painkillers and first-aid kits. The former were given to a mother for her injured son, a man for his headache-plagued wife, and an old woman with arthritis. The bread was divided evenly among them all.
Once his backpack was empty, the people rushed out of the alley with smiles on their faces. A young mother declared that she would tell her sons that their favorite hero, the Watchman, had returned and given them these gifts.
Jaysynn smiled under the cover of his hood. These seem like such small gestures, but sometimes the smallest acts have the biggest impact.
The alley appeared to be clear, so Jaysynn put his backpack on. Now to get to the Hall of Records. He turned to start running.
“Hey, stranger!” called a familiar woman’s voice.
Jaysynn froze, his heart skipping a beat. “Kyrie?” he blurted. He looked down in the alley.
Rounding the corner was a young blonde woman wearing jeans and a green blouse. She looked at him with wide blue eyes, grinning.
“Kyrie!” exclaimed Jaysynn.
“In the flesh.”
Jaysynn jumped over the wall, gripping the edge, and dropped to the ground below. He reflexively pulled his hood over his face. Kyrie walked toward him, but he gestured for her to stay a few feet away.
“I…I was worried you were, well, dead since I hadn’t heard from you since the Cataclysm,” said Jaysynn.
“My family and I barely survived. We’d moved out here a few weeks ago to stay with family. Thank Elthor we did. I’ve heard our old neighborhood was leveled in the blast.”
“I’m glad to hear everyone is okay.”
“I’m glad you’re alive. People thought I was crazy for thinking you survived, but I knew better. I knew there was no way you’d let yourself get killed.”
Jaysynn was glad it was dark because it hid his blush. “Thanks for the vote of confidence.”
“You know, my dad still thinks you’re an urban legend. I’ve been telling him for three years that I got my job as a baker because of you, but he doesn’t believe me. He says I have too active of an imagination. I’m sure he thinks I have a crush on you like half of my girlfriends. Of course, you helped them, too.”
“I help everyone.”
“I know, and we’re all grateful.”
“So, what will you and your family do now?”
Kyrie hung her head. “There’s nothing for us here now, so we’re going to leave. There’s a man—a smuggler with an incredible bus that somehow runs on steam. He’s agreed to drive us out of the city and take us somewhere safe.”
“I’m not sure anywhere is safe,” replied Jaysynn, the disguise eroding in his voice. “There’s nothing the Cataclysm hasn’t touched, it seems.”
“Maybe, but anywhere is better than here. Many people can’t find a way to leave. We were lucky. This man is an old friend of my dad. I think they were Army buddies.”
Jaysynn bowed his head briefly. “Then may Elthor make your paths straight.” He turned to run.
“Wait!” called Kyrie.
Jaysynn stopped and peered over his shoulder.
“You could come with us,” she said.
Jaysynn shook his head. “I have too much work to still do here.”
Kyrie wilted. “I understand.”
Jaysynn looked away, but before he could make a stride, she asked him another question.
“Before you go, could I…could I see your face?”
Jaysynn hung his head. I wish I could, but that’s too much of a risk. If anyone found out I was the Watchman…
“I’m sorry, but I can’t.”
Kyrie sighed, but it sounded like a thinly veiled sob. “I just…wanted to know who my family and I owed our lives to. So much has changed for us—so much has changed for me, especially in the last week. You’re…the only one I thought would believe us.”
Jaysynn huffed quietly. It sounds like she really needs someone to talk to, but I don’t have time. I need to finish my investigation quickly. Dawn will come soon, and the people will need their Emperor.
“I don’t blame you for wanting to confide in me, but....” He paused to take a deep breath. “I need to go. I have urgent business at the Hall of Records.”
“Goodbye,” she said, her tone indicating she did not know what else to say.
“Farewell.”
With that, he climbed a service ladder to the roof and began his long run to the Hall of Records, although it was with a heavy heart.
Chapter 8: Pride Goes Before a Fall
1 year ago…
Jaysynn was at his usual perch. The late afternoon sun bathed Thyrion in yellow-red light. Trumpet blasts mingled with obligatory cheers resounded in the streets. The prince caught glimpses of crowds lining the streets leading to the Palace. A squad of uniformed guards blockaded the gate. Downstairs, he heard the muffled commotion of his family and the servants scrambling to make last-minute arrangements to impress the reporters, photographers, and gossip columnists. But Jaysynn wanted nothing to do with it.
Shar was coming home.
At first when he heard his brother—and Dracon—was coming home, he thought about watching it from a rooftop and tracing his way back home. But not only would he risk being spotted and possibly shot on sight as a perceived assassin, he simply did not want anything to do with this façade. This warm welcome was nothing but a mask.
The war was lost, he thought. But even in defeat, my brother does no wrong. He clenched white-knuckled fists and forced himself not to punch through the window. At least Dracon is coming home, too. Should I tell him about my nightly “strolls”? Would he understand?
He debated this internally, as if daydreaming, as he watched the parade slowly march toward the Palace, but his mind’s scales never tipped to either side for long.
Finally, he saw the procession round a corner onto Imperial Avenue, the cheers getting closer and louder. His brother, once again, rode a white horse surrounded by four soldiers on motorcycles and rovers. A squad of soldiers carrying the Thyrian flag marched before and behind them. Shar wore an artificial smile as he waved at the crowds from horseback. Sometimes he even blew kisses to the young women. As they reached the gate, Jaysynn saw that one of the soldiers on the motorcycles was Dracon, whose smile was just as sketched on.
The first troop of soldiers marched past the gate, which was opened to welcome the prince and the general. The two stopped in front of the gate, dismounted their respective rides, and strode through the gate escorted by several soldiers.
I better get downstairs, thought Jaysynn. Mother and father will expect me to be there to welcome Shar home personally. He huffed at the thought.
He swiftly ran out of his room, through the hallway, and down the stairs. The elevator was easier, but he preferred the stairs. They were faster and more fun.
In no time he joined his family, who had crowded around the front door in the grand hall. They were smiling, but Jaysynn saw through their phoniness. They wore masks for the public to see. The Emperor often said that a smile could make people forget failures faster.
They had been wearing these phony smiles a lot lately.
So, Jaysynn put his “mask” on, too.
The big door opened. Shar, Dracon, and their escorts, all wearing green Thyrian Army field uniforms, entered. The guards were first, followed by Dracon, whose smile instantly morphed into a scowl once inside. Shar, appearing to be in good spirits and almost silhouetted against the flaring flashbulbs, waved at the reporters who bombarded him with questions. He gave a few quick answers, but finished by saying, “Now, if you’ll excuse me, I’d like to see my family. Two years is a long time to go without them. Goodbye!” As he closed the door, trying not to slam it, his smile melted into an angry grimace.
The Kyzer royal family dropped their masks.
Jaysynn’s siblings gave Shar a wide berth as he stomped forward. Jaysynn, however, reluctantly extended a hand to his brother. “I’m sorry you—” Shar shoved him out of the way without even looking at him. He walked toward the Emperor and Empress, who welcomed him with open arms and showered him with praise. With their arms on the heir’s slumped shoulders, they walked away from the crowd. One by one, the rest of them left, leaving only Jaysynn and Dracon.
The general stood with his arms crossed, staring blankly.
Jaysynn wanted to say something, but everything went without saying. What question could I ask that would lead him to explain it better?
Then in a low voice, still staring, Dracon said, “The son is as great a fool as his father. The Emperor was stupid to appoint him as leader of that campaign. He had no real combat experience or competence. His bad tactics and poor leadership cost us the war. I lost too many good men because he treated everything like a game. The glory he sought was dashed against the rocks, yet his father dresses the boy’s failure up in a faux glory. They are disgraces to Thyrion. Their arrogance will destroy the empire.”
Dracon seemed to be saying this to Jaysynn, yet he did not make eye contact with him. Is he talking to himself? To no one? To someone else? 
The general uncrossed his arms and hardened his face. “Something must be done to stop this.” He slowly turned aside and walked away.
Jaysynn, alone, stretched his hand out to the general, but a strange paralysis overran him. It’s like he didn’t even know I was there. Has he forgotten me, too, now?
*     *     *
1 week ago…
The foils’ whistles and clinks echoed through the gymnasium. Two fencers dressed in full gear performed the deadly dance. They were Shar and Bulon, princes of Thyrion, and their siblings cheered them from the benches.They had risen early for this duel.
Jaysynn watched from just outside the door with his arms crossed, glaring.
Shar had the upper hand, like always. At least a dozen times he could have ended the duel with the wide openings Bulon gave him. Had he missed them? No, thought Jaysynn. Shar is toying with Bulon.
The duel dragged on. Bulon’s movements slowed while Shar’s seemed to quicken, as if he was sucking the life out of his brother like a parasite. Now the younger brother could barely swing his foil. Jaysynn thought he could hear Bulon’s heavy breathing all the way from where he stood. Sweat so drenched Bulon’s white uniform that it was turning a light gray. The cheers grew louder.
Finally, Shar swatted Bulon’s foil away and thrust his in the other prince’s chest. The duel was over. Bulon fell to his knees. His brothers and sisters shouted Shar’s name.
Jaysynn grit his teeth.
The eldest prince removed his mesh helmet and, holding it and his foil, raised both hands overhead. “Is there no one who can defeat me?”
As if on cue, Jaysynn shouted, “I can!”
Silence.
His siblings looked at him as he marched toward them. Jaysynn smiled at their shock. He stepped onto the dueling strip, picked up the foil Bulon had dropped, and looked at Shar, who was now smirking.
“So, you’ve come back for another whipping,” said Shar, laughing. “Didn’t you learn your lesson back then?”
Jaysynn clenched the foil tighter. “Seven years is a long time. A lot of things have changed.”
“Yes,” replied Shar. “I’ve gotten better.”
Jaysynn huffed. “Then prove it.” He whipped the foil.
“You’re better than you were last time, but not much bigger.”
“Size doesn’t matter.”
Shar snickered, shaking his head. “Quoting philosophy doesn’t win battles.”
“Then shut up and fight!”
The foil hissed through the air as Jaysynn swung it at Shar. The elder prince, startled, jumped back, dropping his helmet. Jaysynn did not relent—he thrust at his brother with ferocious speed. Shar barely raised his foil in time to parry the attacks. The younger prince forced him back. Shar did not know what to do. Jaysynn caught worried and shocked expressions from their siblings on the sideline.
Shar regained his composure and went on the offensive. He refused to take another step back and pushed back at Jaysynn with quick thrusts. The younger brother dodged and parried them with ease, but his retaliatory strikes were evaded.
I’ve gotten better, Jaysynn thought. I am Shar’s equal.
The two exchanged blows for over a minute until Jaysynn noticed Shar was slowing. But Jaysynn refrained from finishing him. Now Shar was the one being toyed with! Jaysynn smiled triumphantly.
Finally, Jaysynn thought, Let’s end this!
Time seemed to slow. Jaysynn bent his elbow slightly, bringing the foil back, and then it shot for his brother’s chest. But Shar’s grip on his foil tightened. Fire suddenly flashed from his hand as his glove burst into flames. His foil shot out to intercept Jaysynn’s weapon—and cut through it.
The younger prince’s eyes widened. He super-heated his foil to slice through mine!
Before the shock could fully sink in, Shar kicked Jaysynn in the stomach, launching him to the ground. With another kick, he swatted the broken foil from Jaysynn’s hand.
“How dare you insult me with this duel!” shouted Shar, thrusting his foil an inch from Jaysynn’s face. “I am heir to the Thyrian throne, the divinely appointed successor to my father! I am one of Elthor’s chosen Select, gifted with a portion of his power!” Jaysynn grimaced as Shar stabbed the blunted foil into his chest. “I will not be beaten by the likes of you! You are unworthy of the Kyzer name! You who were born untouched by magic! You who have remained in the Palace out of mother and father’s pity! You are no brother of mine!”
A growl shot through Shar’s throat and he threw aside his foil. It slid across the floor. Shar turned away from Jaysynn, his face covered with his hands, and walked away. His siblings immediately surrounded him, asking if he was injured or depressed. They did not even look at Jaysynn.
Tears swelled in the youngest prince’s eyes. He swallowed sobs. Still they ignored him.
Jaysynn shot to his feet and flew out of the gym. He ran through the halls at full speed, only looking ahead, dodging servants until he reached his room. He slammed the door behind him and locked it. His dark green hoodie lay on his bed, so he grabbed it and slipped it on.
Now his tears flowed.
Jaysynn threw open his window and climbed out into the early morning twilight, not caring if anyone saw him.
Thirty minutes later, the Cataclysm happened.
Chapter 9: Betrayal
The Hall of Records still stood tall and proud, like a wounded Thyrian soldier too stubborn to fall. It was not far from the Emperor’s Palace in the newer government district, which is what saved it from devastation. Not that it was undamaged. Even in the pale moonlight, Jaysynn could see that the nondescript five-story building was scarred from exploding wires, its windows shattered. Even so, Dracon had made sure to have a few soldiers guarding the place at all times. It housed Thyrion’s history and countless government records. While it was probably unlikely any Thyrians would attack it, caution was still advised.
This might be a good test of the security, thought Jaysynn, surveying the scene from the roof of the building next door. If I can sneak in, who’s to say someone else couldn’t? Then we’d all be in trouble. He sighed. But it’s not like I can just walk over there and ask them to let me in. They’d report it to Dracon, and then he’d never let me leave the bunker. I’ll have to sneak in there. But how?
The building he stood on was the same height, but the Hall was too far to jump across the gap between them. Jaysynn knew he would have to get to the Hall’s top floor, which was where all the secret government records were kept. It was locked at all times, but Jaysynn, being the Emperor, had a master key. The soldiers’ patrol was thorough, and the moonlight would not conceal him. He could try jumping for a window, but he would risk wounding himself on the broken glass and making noise.
I’m running out of time and options, thought Jaysynn.
Then he looked to his right and saw his way in—a power line. Though frayed, it still clung to both buildings. Jaysynn’s eyes followed the cable from this building to the Hall. It was fastened to the corner near a fifth story window.
It’ll do, he thought.
He slunk to the corner. He gripped and twisted the cable to test its strength. I’m light enough that it should support me. He did not want to think about what would happen if it could not. So, clutching the cable with both gloved hands, he slowly leaned over the edge, the gray streets four stories below. Then he let his body drop from the rooftop and, in one quick motion, wrapped his legs around the cable, hooking his knees over it.
He glanced down at the guards. They had not seen or heard him. His gaze returned to the now upside down Hall.
Better hurry before the blood rushes to my head.
Hand over hand, he slowly pulled himself across the cable. His hood dangled under his head, catching the sweat that dripped from his forehead. He tried not to look down unless it was to check on the guards, not because he was afraid of heights but because he did not want to break his concentration. His thundering heart beating against his ribs and his burning limbs already fought to distract him. But the Hall inched closer.
Jaysynn’s muscles ached. Many days of near inactivity and the aggressive tracing he had done tonight had weakened them. His unhealed injuries only exacerbated the pain. Jaysynn bit his lower lip to swallow his grunts. I can’t let the guards hear me! I’m a sitting duck up here!
Minutes passed like hours. They slowed with the increase of Jaysynn’s fatigue. Lightheaded. Vision blurring. Focus! Fight through it! He crawled ahead with screaming muscles. He was within two body lengths. Just a little further!
His hand touched a wall. Jaysynn shook his head to regain his bearings. I made it! He glanced down and saw an open window, or rather, a window with shattered glass. He would have to hope his gloves were thick enough to protect his hands.
He took a deep breath as he uncoiled his legs from the cable. Fire coursed through his arms. Fighting the pain, he quickly switched his hands so he spun around. He threw his legs back and forth to build some momentum and let go of the cable. He dropped toward the window. His feet missed the sill—but his hands gripped it, vice-like. The razor edges of the glass dug into his gloves without penetrating them. Jaysynn swallowed grunts as he pulled himself up and crawled through the window. Glass crunched under his body as he fell to the floor.
For a few minutes, he lay there panting, letting his muscles rest. He listened for the soldiers below, but their faint footfalls were still outside. So, he slowly and carefully stood up, brushing glass shards from his clothes.
That was one of the closer calls I’ve had.
The corridor was dark, but Jaysynn knew his way around since he had visited this place several times with Dracon. Walking a short distance down the hall, he came to an unmarked door. He removed his backpack, unzipped it, and produced the master key, which he plunged into the lock and opened the door. With that, he tossed the key back into his backpack and then pulled out a light rod. He bent the thing and it glowed orange-red. He was careful to cover it when he walked past the windows to avoid attracting attention.
He slowly pushed the door open and stepped inside. He stuffed his light rod into his backpack and surveyed the large room in the moonlight pouring through the window. Every important document was stored in the filing cabinets lining the entire room, except for the wall to his right where a large window overlooked the city. The answers he sought would be in one of those cabinets.
For the next hour, with the light rod gripped in his teeth, Jaysynn rummaged through the file cabinets, searching, reading, studying. It was not aimless, though. The file cabinets were organized into groups and subjects, so he started with secret military operations, of which there were many. His father had sent many advance scouts to infiltrate neighboring cities to prepare them for conquest, among other things. But even there he could find no mention of the “Whispers.” Why? He had heard stories growing up about past Emperors having a black ops team at their command who answered only to them, but since neither his father nor Dracon had told him such things, he figured it was a tall tale. Did they not officially exist?
Next, based on a hunch, he went to the section for the Heart of Thyrion. Jaysynn knew the explosion that devastated the city originated from the Great Well and figured that he might find answers in those documents. He was almost afraid to look, though. The officers at the crater seemed to speak of something clandestine happening there. Did his father know about this? Did Dracon? No, they couldn’t have. One or both of them would’ve stopped it, especially if it threatened the city. The idea of the Cataclysm being manmade was both comforting and terrifying. Who’s to say someone won’t figure out how to replicate this and destroy another city? That is, if the other cities haven’t been destroyed already. The officers said the destruction stretched beyond our borders. Why is this being kept from me?
Jaysynn shoved such thoughts aside and focused on the task at hand. He thumbed through the documents, looking for anything suspicious. There were blueprints for new magic-harvesting technologies, scientific papers stolen from Jalseion theorizing about the nature of magic, a map of the underground rivers and surface wells of magic on the entire continent. These were important documents, but hardly world-shattering. Do they point to something bigger?
Then he was jolted as he found a document covered with blocks of black ink, and his fingers froze. He pulled out the folder and grabbed the light rod from his mouth. Whole paragraphs had disappeared in the black voids. The few that were visible provided no explanation. In fact, what Jaysynn could read seemed to be borderline gibberish. Was it codespeak?
He replaced the folder and looked at the next one. It, too, was covered with blacked out paragraphs. So was the next one—and the next and the next. Each one seemed to have more than the previous. What is this? He scoured the documents for any clues, hoping against hope that something had been left uncovered. Then he saw words that seemed to jump off the page and grab him, words that so puzzled and shocked him that he reflexively read them aloud:
“Project: Godfire.”
Suddenly, he heard the door behind him open. His hand shot for his knife as he looked over his shoulder.
A tall, powerful silhouette stood in the doorway. Was it one of the guards? If it was, he made no moves to apprehend him. For several long seconds, he just stood there, silent. It was then the figure started to look familiar to Jaysynn. No, it’s my mind playing tricks on me.
His doubt was dashed when the figure spoke.
“I thought you would be here, Jaysynn.”
“Dracon?” replied the young Emperor, easing and easing his hand from his knife. He shined the rod on the figure, illuminating a black Army field uniform. Four small brass thunderbolt ribbons gleamed in the light.
“Yes, it is I,” Dracon finally replied.
By now, Jaysynn had raised his light to the general’s face. The man’s expression was stony and grim, with perhaps a twinge of sadness.
“How’d you know I would be here?” asked Jaysynn.
Dracon dropped his gaze briefly. “I know you too well, Jaysynn. I knew you would want to discover the truth and that you would not wait. What surprises me is how easily you were able to sneak into this place. I have trained you well.”
“Did you tell the guards I was here?”
“No. I told them I was here for a document I need for a briefing tomorrow.”
Jaysynn was surprised. “Thank you.”
“What have you learned?” Dracon asked coldly, closing the door.
Jaysynn turned back to the document he was holding, shining his light on it. “There was something called ‘Project: Godfire’ conducted in secret. A lot of the info here is blacked out, but it seems like it was started about a year ago and had something to do with the Heart of Thyrion.” He flipped to the next page, and his eyes widened. “I can’t read it all, but it looks like this was about manipulating the magic in some way. Maybe they destroyed the Great Well. I wonder if my father started this.”
“The fool knew nothing about it,” shot Dracon, his voice suddenly full of anger.
Shocked, Jaysynn stood, glancing back at the general and shining his light on Dracon’s scowling face. “How do you know?”
Dracon huffed. “Because I started the project.”
Jaysynn’s jaw dropped. “You what?”
The general slowly walked toward him. “I headed the project and it was spearheaded by members of the military elite and the aristocracy, both Select and Normal.”
Jaysynn grit his teeth. “And you never told me?”
“I wanted to include you, but the others…they did not know if you could be trusted. I have begun to agree with them.”
“Why?” Jaysynn demanded.
The general, now within a few paces of Jaysynn, stopped. Indignant anger swelled on his face, and he barely held it back. “Our goal was to dethrone your father.”
Jaysynn was petrified. The light rod and papers nearly slipped from his hands. “That…can’t be true.”
“The empire was in decline. Your father’s blunder in sending your brother to re-conquer Remirion was sending shockwaves through our territories. Their defiance and victories told other cities that we could be defeated. Uprisings sprang up everywhere. When we expanded into new lands, resistance was fiercer. And they forced us to fall back. They even defeated Select Ops teams. Your father—no, your family—was a disgrace to the Thyrian Empire. In two decades they were destroying what had been built in five centuries.”
“But you are bound by honor to serve and obey the Emperor!”
“Yes, but I am a patriot. My first duty is to the empire. I could not sit by and watch your father handle it like a clumsy child does a toy.”
Jaysynn flung the papers to the floor. “I didn’t like my family any more than you did, but…you shouldn’t have kept me in the dark.”
“And what would you have done if had told you?” asked Dracon accusatively.
“I…I…don’t know.”
“Precisely. You haven’t the stomach for such things.”
“Well, I hope you’re happy!” shot Jaysynn, pointing at Dracon. “Thanks to your project, I’ve inherited an empire in ruins!”
Dracon sighed. “The cause of the Cataclysm is still unknown. We never intended to cause a disaster. And you were never supposed to be made Emperor.”
Jaysynn clenched his fists. “And why not?” he asked, indignant.
Dracon’s voice was the coldest it had ever sounded: “Because you lack the courage or the will to do what is necessary.”
Shock, grief, and anger mingled within Jaysynn, creating an emotional thunderstorm. His brother’s last words to him echoed in his mind. You are unworthy of the Kyzer name! You who were born untouched by magic! You who have remained in the Palace out of mother and father’s pity! You are no brother of mine!
“How can you say that?” he finally asked.
“This week has shown me your weakness. The burden of the crown is crushing your brow. While I never expected you to inherit the throne, I had hoped my training would make you strong enough to be an Emperor, but it seems my hope was in vain.”
Jaysynn looked away in shame. The general’s words pierced his very soul. He closed his eyes to dam the oncoming tears.
“It is time Thyrion had a new leader, one who will stop this downward spiral and suck out the poison in the city’s veins. The age of Emperors has ended.” Dracon paused. “Forgive me, Jaysynn, for what I must do.”
Suddenly, Jaysynn sensed an attack and reflexively lunged sideways. He rolled to his feet and looked back, horrifed.
Dracon glared at him, holding a combat knife.
“No! Don’t do this!”
Dracon said nothing and attacked.
Jaysynn dodged the general’s knife-thrust, then several slashes that hissed through the air. The young man had the speed advantage, but Dracon was a seasoned warrior. The general made sure to stand between him and the door. If I can just get out of here…! Jaysynn thought.
The Emperor jumped onto the desk, but Dracon kicked it, tripping him. Jaysynn slammed into the desk. He barely rolled out of the way to avoid a downward stab. Stumbling to his feet, he unsheathed his own knife and snapped to a combative pose. They glared at each other for a second. The general’s cold eyes drilled holes into Jaysynn’s head. The young man glanced to his right, catching the door in the corner of his eye, and then back at Dracon. The desk was in his way. He sidestepped toward the desk and sprang over it. Two strides later, a rolling chair—undoubtedly kicked by Dracon—sideswiped him. He fell over it and hit the floor. Dracon’s silhouette lunged for him. Jaysynn rolled out of the way and sprang to his feet.
Jaysynn, fearing he would trip while running again, sheathed his knife. Dracon seized the moment to attack. The Emperor lunged back to dodge the slashes. Dracon made the mistake of repeating the same attack too often, so Jaysynn intercepted his backhanded slash with a swift roundhouse kick, disarming the general. Righting himself, the young man launched several punches at Dracon’s chest and head, but it was almost like hitting a brick wall. The general would not go down.
Dracon caught Jaysynn’s fist, fell back, and tossed him headfirst toward the window using the young man’s own momentum. Jaysynn was barely able to stand before Dracon lunged at him, fists flying. The Emperor blocked or parried each attack, but the barrage slowly pushed him backward until he was almost leaning against the cold glass. Adrenaline flooded his veins, focusing his mind. He deflected a punch and retaliated with a hard kick to Dracon’s gut. The general staggered back, but only briefly. Suddenly, he pounced at Jaysynn. His palms slammed against the young man’s chest. The force of the impact launched him back.
Glass shattered.
Jaysynn suddenly found himself falling amidst sharp shards gleaming in the moonlight.
The Hall of Records’ face rushed upward. Wind hissed in his ears.
His eyes met Dracon’s as he fell. For a fraction of a second, he saw remorse in the general’s face. Jaysynn’s hand reached toward him as the general seemed to rush into the distance.
A thud.
Darkness.
Chapter 10: Enemy Territory
Noise and color, blending, reverberating, echoing, smearing. Paints splattering with every throbbing sound. Blood rushing to his ears. Pain shooting through his spine and neck. Wetness behind his head. Paralysis. Objects forming…perhaps…trying.
A white light blinding him. A face coalescing—a familiar face. It stops swirling.
Golden hair. Blue eyes. Lyrical voice.
Kyrie!
She is looking right at him. Fear and relief mingling in her beautiful face. She is tapping his cheek. “Look at me,” she is saying. He keeps looking at her, hypnotized.
Angry voices behind her. She is shouting at them, but her voice is vanishing in the noise. She looks away to argue.
Blacking out…
 
An engine rumbled.
Jaysynn slowly opened his eyes, fighting for consciousness. He was lying on his back. He felt a warm blanket covering his body. He blinked to clear his vision and saw an arched gray ceiling above him. Under him, the floor shook slightly. He started to hear dozens of voices around him. The tops of upholstered seats appeared at the corners of his eyes.
A small brown-haired boy appeared above him. The boy smiled in surprised delight. “Kyrie, he’s awake!” he exclaimed, looking away.
Jaysynn heard footfalls rush toward him. Then Kyrie, her blonde hair forming a halo around her face, appeared before him. He suddenly felt safer.
“What…happened?” Jaysynn asked, moaning in pain.
Kyrie stroked his head. “Try not to move too much. You’ve been out cold for three days.”
“Where…am I?”
“You’re on a bus with me and my family. I followed you to the Hall of Records and saw you fall out of the window”—she leaned down to whisper in his ear—“Jaysynn.”
The young man’s eyes widened and he lurched to sit up, but pain and Kyrie’s hand joined forces to stop him.
“Don’t worry. I explained everything to my family.”
“You told them?” shot Jaysynn, coughing.
“I had to when I took you to our home to tend to your wounds.”
Jaysynn inhaled and exhaled in a panic.
“They like you. They always have. Both as the prince and the Watchman.”
He breathed a sigh of relief. Then he asked, “But why are we on this bus?”
“I told you we were leaving the city to seek refuge somewhere else. A smuggler with a bus that runs on steam offered to take us to his city. He says it wasn’t as devastated by the Cataclysm.”
Jaysynn tried to sit up again, but his muscles were too stiff. “Please help me up.”
Kyrie told the boy to get off the seat, which he did, and she helped Jaysynn slowly sit on that seat. The young man leaned his head against the window. A blob of light smothered his vision as his eyes adjusted to the sunlight. He heard several people—children and adults—exclaim praises in his honor.
“What happened after I fell? How was I not found by the soldiers? Why did you bring me with you? Who—”
Kyrie covered his mouth with her hand. “I’ll explain later,” she said, smiling. “For now, just rest.”
A voice from upfront—the driver—exclaimed, “We’re here!”
Jaysynn glanced out the window.
He saw a dilapidated green sign that read, “Welcome to Falcon Point.”

THE END of
THE FALL OF THE HOUSE OF KYZER
About the Author
Nathan Marchand is a writer by day and Thyrion's new Watchman by night, having taken up the mantle discarded by Jaysynn (Nate's always wanted to be a superhero).
He has loved speculative fiction since age three and writing since sixth grade. He spent many hours in high school writing stories (and fanfiction) that never saw the light of day (it's better that way). He earned a B.A. in professional writing from Taylor University Thyrion...er, Fort Wayne. Since then he has written for various publications as a staff writer and freelancer.
His first novel, Pandora’s Box, a military science fiction thriller, was published by Absolute XPress in 2010. He's also self-published Destroyer, a pulpy sci-fi novella, and The Day After, a short story collection featuring a tie-in tale to his novel. He hopes to soon publish a fantasy/comedy novel and is now working on a sequel to Pandora's Box.
When not writing, Nathan enjoys other creative endeavors such as acting, amateur filmmaking, and occassionally saving the world.
You can check out his website here: www.NathanJSMarchand.com.
