The Doctor’s Assistant
Bron & Calea – Book 2
A Children of the Wells novel

By Laura Fischer

Smashwords Edition
Table of Contents

Other Books in the Series

Chapter 1 - The Last Doctor
Chapter 2 - The Forgotten Girl 
Chapter 3 - New Burdens
Chapter 4 - Old Absences
Chapter 5 - The Path Around
Chapter 6 - The Path Through
Chapter 7 - The Desert
Chapter 8 - The Watch
Chapter 9 - The Shelter
Chapter 10 - The Burnt Mountains
Chapter 11 - The View Beyond

About the Author
This book was originally serialized at childrenofthewells.com as part of an ongoing series. New stories published regularly.

Bron & Calea
The Select's Bodyguard
The Doctor's Assistant
The Well's Orphan

Jaysynn
The Fall of the House of Kyzer
The Rules Change
New Wells Rising
Chapter 1 - The Last Doctor
Dr. Eman Burdock was afraid to go out. This was a town fresh from calamity. 
Two days ago, in the gray light just after dawn, there had been what felt like an earthquake. The flow of magical power had ceased, causing every light to go out, every mechanical device to stop functioning. Tiny little Averieom, best known for its medical school, its training and research, its nurses and doctors, had panicked. Dr. Burdock had stumbled out of his house into the street, shell-shocked, barely aware of what he was doing, and had run almost straight into a mob.
Most of the people were as shocked and afraid as he was. But a few thought they knew what was going on, and their muttering quickly grew louder until it became shouts and wails. “The Select did this to us!” they cried. “They cut off our power! They’re leaving us in the cold on purpose!”
“Why?” asked someone else in the crowd. It wasn’t Dr. Burdock; he was too dismayed to speak. “Why would they do that?”
“To teach us a lesson. To prove their power over us. Because they felt like it. Who knows? The Select have always looked down on us and treated us like children. This is just more of the same. Down with tyranny! Down with the Select!”
Some in the crowd protested. Most Averieans saw the Select as their benefactors. Technology from trading with Jalseion improved everyone’s lives. The liaison between the Jalseion Academy and the Averieom Medical Sanctuary kept this town relevant in the larger world and much better off than some villages. The flow of magic current from Averieom’s Well, facilitated by the Select, lit the lamps, heated their homes, and powered everything from transports to large manufactories to automated butter churns.
”We have no proof the Select had anything to do with this,” someone said. Dr. Burdock thought he recognized the voice of Lani Alver, the grocer on Capital Street. Count on her to be a voice of reason, he thought, though his shoulders refused to relax. “It could be an attack from Thyrion. It could be that there’s been some terrible accident and power will be restored soon.”
A ripple ran through the crowd, caused by a commotion on the opposite side of the press. Someone new had arrived, rousing the people to new heights of agitation. 
“The Well is empty!”
It was a thin cry, completely unrecognizable in distress. Dr. Burdock’s breath stopped in his throat, and he could feel his eyes widening and widening. His knees locked, his hands froze into claws, and goose pimples crept to life across his shoulders, his arms, his neck.
He’d known it. Hadn’t he? He’d felt it, he had. The Well was empty. The magic was gone.
Other voices questioned, demanded proof. Other people could not bring themselves to believe the word of a single witness. Eman Burdock didn’t have to ask. He needed no more proof. He stumbled back until he hit a brick wall, cold and rough through his thin nightshirt, and he stood and he stared, and he knew.
The mob went wild, then. Eman stood against the wall, paralyzed by understanding and fear, as shop windows were smashed, as light poles were dragged down, as people scrambled and screamed and struck out in panic and fury. There should have been sparks when the light poles were pulled down, their wires snapped, but the air remained unshattered. He saw folks run by with burning brands, with goods stolen from Lani Alver’s grocery, from Ib Naro’s butcher shop, from the Busuns’ general store. The cries against the Select multiplied and grew, and voices of reason were drowned out, for this magical disaster must surely have a magical cause, and all must be laid at the feet of those agents of magic.
Eman stood still and made no attempt to stop them. He was a hare, nerveless and crippled under the eye of an eagle. All his tattered mind could manage was to pray, with little hope and less courage, that none of them would remember that he, too, had been Select.
The Well was empty.
He didn’t remember how he made it to the Medical Sanctuary. He was in the street; then he was leaning on the door, locked behind him. The entryway before him was dark, only dimly lit by the newly risen sun, by fire outside the window. He needed to find lamps for the windowless rooms inside the building. Or candles. Did they have any candles? A defunct technology from a forgotten age, only produced now for sentimentality, for cultural rituals and the love of nostalgia.
Instead, he hid in one of the exam rooms and did nothing else till the others arrived. It was a very cold stretch of time. Long, and cold, and empty, and alone.
A few hours later, when the town outside had been silent for some time, other members of the Sanctuary came to the building to regroup. They gathered in the entryway to discuss the situation. "Smoke is rising from Jalseion," said Dr. Pemry, head of the Sanctuary. "It is our duty to assist our allies."
Terror filled Eman's chest, heavy as stones. "What, what about the damage to Averieom?” he forced out. “Surely we also have a duty to our home."
Dr. Pemry looked at him with heavy eyelids, mouth small and disapproving behind his neatly trimmed beard. "Averieom's damage is quite superficial."
"Still, shouldn't some of us stay here? Needy and injured will come to the Sanctuary for healing, as always."
Every person in the circle of medical professionals looked to Dr. Pemry, and Eman knew he had made a point. 
Their leader offered a slow nod, accepting, and Eman's head felt like it would float off in relief. "Very well. We shall maintain a presence here, just in case."
The others began to gather medical supplies, arrange transport, and organize themselves into teams for the search and rescue efforts. Eman helped where he could but never volunteered for a team. By the end of the day, he was the only doctor in Averieom. 
Now, on the morning of the second day since the disaster, Dr. Burdock stood at a front window, peeking through the shade. The only time he’d left had been for a quick run, in the dead of night, to his house for food supplies. The running water still worked, so he would not have to worry about that. 
What did worry him was outside. That crowd the first dawn had been people he knew. Friends, neighbors, patients. He had seen them looting stores owned by other neighbors, heard them calling death down on a group he belonged to. It had been horrifying to witness.
He knew he should be ashamed of his cowardice, but there was no room in him for shame. He would stay in here until it was safe. Until he could be sure that anger and panic no longer ruled his fellow citizens. If anyone was hurt and needed his help, they could come and he would do his best. But he would not put himself in danger.
In the past two days he had patched up various cuts and gashes, burns, and a broken limb or two, and heard a lot of gossip. The mood of the town was unsettled and confused. People were still afraid. That meant they could still turn on him.
A sudden thump and thud in the back of the clinic made Dr. Burdock start, nearly banging his head on the window. He whirled around, breath jumping in his throat. Maybe it was just the wind. A child throwing a ball against the wall. Something falling off an exam table.
More muffled noises, and these sounded like voices. Maybe not, then. Dr. Burdock ducked against the wall, hiding from the hallway leading back into the clinic building. More looters, vandals? Thieves looking for drugs and medical supplies? If they didn’t see him, he’d be able to get out....
And go where? He’d already run. This was supposed to be his sanctuary, too.
“Is anyone here?” A rough voice, strained and masculine, but not threatening. “We need medical assistance. I’m sorry to come in the back door, but it was closest to our path and we’ve journeyed far.”
A hand to his chest as if to calm his beating heart, Dr. Burdock moved slowly toward the voice. This was why he’d stayed at the clinic: to help the public in a way that would not endanger himself. He was a doctor. He must be a doctor.
“H...hello?” he called. “Who are you?”
“I am a bodyguard to the Select of Jalseion. I’ve brought Guide Calea Lisan for help.”
Dr. Burdock rounded a corner and found them standing just inside the back entrance, leaning on the wall. A man in his forties, looking near dead from exhaustion, and in his arms was a young woman. One of her arms was hooked around his neck, holding herself up, and the other arm...
The other arm was missing. As well as the opposite leg. Dr. Burdock blinked and, after that glance, returned his gaze to her face. Crippled patients did not like overlong attention given to their deformities. 
Her face was sharp, grim, and pale with emotion. Her fist was knotted, her lips thin. “Put me down, Bron,” she said, words ground out like stones rubbing against each other. “I didn’t want you to carry me, and you’ve defied me long enough.”
“Not until the good doctor tells me where to put you,” he replied, unbothered by her cold anger. It was as if this was the normal state of affairs between them.
“I...” Dr. Burdock blinked again, then finally swept a hand toward an exam room. “Please, in here.”
Bron moved inside and set Calea Lisan on the wooden table, then stood beside her, almost at attention, though he did not have the bearing of a military man. Guide Lisan pressed her fist against the table she sat on, holding herself rigidly still. They were both keeping themselves upright by will alone, he could see that at a glance. They must have traveled through the night to get here.
Dr. Burdock moved to the cabinet against the opposite wall, ready to fetch whatever supplies were necessary. “What can I do for you, Guide Lisan? What are your injuries?”
“Calea will do,” she said, lips twisting bitterly. “There is nothing left of Jalseion worth Guiding. As for my injuries, are they not obvious? It would be just my luck to find myself, against my will, in the care of yet another man too stupid to see what’s in front of his face.”
He turned toward her, careful to keep his face still. He must be professional. She is Select. She has had the same horrible shock as me. “Please show me, Calea.”
Bron opened his mouth to speak, but she held up her hand, forestalling him. “They’re gone. No need to mention it. I mean this, of course,” she said to Dr. Burdock, with a thick hiss of air, and gestured sharply to where her other arm should have been. “I need new prosthetics. Mine were...taken from me.”
“Madam...Calea...this is far outside my expertise. Everyone else has gone to the city to help with the rescue efforts. If you will wait here in Averieom for a few days, the other doctors will eventually return, and Dr. Randle...”
“That’s not good enough.” The words were rapped out, abrupt. Calea paused and took a breath. “They need not be perfect. Once we get where we are going and I have magic available to me again, I will re-create my old ones.”
“Calea, the magic is gone.” He turned a sob into a laugh. “The Well here in Averieom...more of a pond, it was, really...it’s drained....”
Shock flashed on her face. He kept going, unable to stop. She understood; she had to understand. No one else did.
“I felt it. Didn’t you feel it? The wells are empty. The magic is gone. Not that I was ever any great shakes at magic, poor little Eman, washed out of the Academy, almost bottomed out the Falsan scale, but I could feel it. I could touch it. I could change the temperature of objects at will.... Such a useful skill, wouldn’t you agree? If you ever needed a hot flannel, or a cold one, Eman Burdock was your man. So, I became a doctor. But I felt it. I felt the virtue go out of the world. The wells are empty. We are cold and alone and barren once more....”
Pain flared across his face. Someone had slapped him. Startled, Eman opened his eyes and looked up. Bron held his shoulders in a firm, painful grip, staring steadily into his eyes. Telling him to be silent, to stop babbling, to find his courage and be a man. 
Behind him, Calea’s white face stood out against the whitewashed wall. She looked about to faint.
Dr. Burdock pulled in a breath. “I’m sorry. Please forgive my disgraceful behavior.”
She nodded, once, and Bron released his shoulders and stood back.
Dr. Burdock raised his hands to his face, pulling himself together. “I’m sorry. I can’t help you. I’m a generalist. I have never fashioned prosthetics.”
“Anything you could do would be helpful,” Bron said.
“I wouldn’t know where to start.” He paced away, waving a hand in the air to show the enormity of the task. “There would have to be measurements, mechanical tooling, a number of fittings. You’d have to stay here for several days while it was all worked out, and I don’t have the supplies to keep you. It’s dangerous here, anyway, perhaps especially for a Select from Jalseion. There is animosity in the people now, against the magic and magic-users who have failed them. And there could be vandals out there, brigands. It’s...”
He stopped. He was babbling again. He turned back to them, raising his chin. “It’s impossible.”
Calea snorted. “Impossible? You said you wouldn’t know where to start, then went on to list several steps. You obviously know something of the process.”
“Calea Lisan is one of the most promising Select of this generation,” Bron said. “She will be needed to figure out what happened and restore things to the way they were. You must help us.”
Dr. Burdock shook his head, even though they were making sense. If there was even a chance that Calea could fix this... Hope flared in his chest, as hard as he tried to shove it down. “Still...it’s too dangerous. The people...”
“I am a bodyguard of some skill,” Bron said. “I will keep you and this building safe until the prosthetics are finished. By then the unrest will have passed.”
That sounded far too optimistic to Dr. Burdock. But he found himself nodding along. “I... Yes, very well. I will do what I can.” This was why he was here, he reminded himself. Bron seemed like a very capable man. And a thin thread inside him latched on to the opportunity to share this empty place. It was too strange, being the only doctor in a campus of buildings that usually hummed with activity.
He turned away, mind running ahead to what he would need. “I’ll need to take measurements....” He sighed. “Too bad that little assistant isn’t here. She used to help Dr. Randle sometimes, but she hasn’t been in since the earthquake.”
“Assistant?” Bron’s hand was on his shoulder again, turning him around. “Who is she? She didn’t go to Jalseion?”
Dr. Burdock shook his head. “I haven’t seen her since... But everything has been disrupted, businesses, homes... I assume she and her family left, or else she surely would have come in. Nyasha loves working here. She’s helped all of us at various times.” He chuckled, hard, and it ripped at his chest. “She’s so young, not even an official student, but you know, she just started coming around here and wouldn’t leave, and eventually we started giving her jobs....”
“She can help,” Calea said. “She knows more than you.”
“On the subject of prosthetics, yes.”
“Tell me where she lives,” Bron asked. No, demanded. “I will fetch her.”
Chapter 2 - The Forgotten Girl
Bron walked through the small town of Averieom, head swivelling this way and that as he took it in. He’d never been outside Jalseion before, not even to this village just beyond the great city’s sphere of direct control. An hour and a half away by automobile, a full day on foot. Not far at all. Yet it might as well have been another world.
Most noticeable to him was the lack of visible damage. No marks of explosions, of shattered vehicles and obliterated generators and devices. A few of the houses seemed to rest a bit crookedly, shingles loose, shutters off one hinge. As if they were toys taken up by a gigantic toddler and shaken violently, then set down again. But the buildings here were constructed low to the ground, most only one story, none higher than three. No tall buildings like in Jalseion to be tilted and wrecked and ruined by the shrugging of the earth.
The Medical Sanctuary was on the edge of Averieom nearest Jalseion. He and Calea had gone straight there, passing only a few holdings on the outskirts. Now, as Bron moved toward the center of Averieom, he got a better feeling for the town. It was a lovely little village, he was beginning to think. A soft, safe place to live and work and raise a family. Dr. Burdock’s fear of imminent violence seemed almost laughable in the midst of such peace.
Then Bron turned onto Capital Street, and the young doctor’s anxiety began to make more sense. Small huddles of people gathered here and there, tense, wide-eyed, afraid. Bron avoided them instinctively, moving slowly and steadily, like a child treading softfoot to prevent waking an adult in drunken slumber.
He passed a grocery with every window broken in. The shelves inside were all but bare, and the owner stood amongst the desolation, leaning on a broom, her face curiously blank and contemplative. The butchery was the same, and the bakery. Other less essential stores were spared: bookstore, cobbler, milliner. The import shop, where they had sold technology from Jalseion, had been put to the torch.
When he passed the shoe shop, Bron glanced at his feet. Worn, comfortable boots looked back at him, ones that hadn’t belonged to him a day ago. On their way out of Jalseion, he had stopped just long enough to rob the dead to replace his and Calea’s blood-soaked clothing, his ruined footwear. He did not feel guilty about this. The needs of the living outweighed the claims of the dead. These were good boots and would last him a long time.
Nor had Calea seemed disturbed by the theft. That bothered him a bit more. It was another thing he had failed to protect her from, this breaking of custom and law and traditional respect for corpses. Calea had never much been one for respect, though, so perhaps it was not surprising.
His feet still hurt. They would heal.
In the center of Averieom was the town’s Well, now drained dry and abandoned. A small, shallow thing--Dr. Burdock had aptly described it as a pond. A twisted shell of a building crouched on the bank, blown apart by an explosion. No doubt it had housed the town’s generator, run by Averieom’s small contingent of Select. A distant part of Bron hoped that no one had been hurt in the blast, and another part of him knew that that was unlikely. Generators needed to be manned every hour of the day to keep the flow of power steady. But he saw no bodies, no blood. Another welcome change from Jalseion.
A few more turns, a short stop to ask directions of a weary-looking woman in a garden, and he found the street he was seeking. This area was almost exactly on the opposite side of Averieom from the Medical Sanctuary, and Hillock Street was closer to the edge of town than the middle. The houses here were shabby. Not a run-down sort of shabby, either--these houses had not once been fine, but now fallen into disrepair. They had never been fine. They had been built shabby.
It was not unlike The Grunt where Bron had been born and, until very recently, had lived.
He didn't know what to expect at the Cormorin house. Dr. Burdock seemed convinced that the girl and her family had fled. "Back to Thyrion whence they came, perhaps," he'd said with a wry twist of his lips, strange on his owlish face. Perhaps the house would be empty. Perhaps the inhabitants would be shut up inside, paralyzed with fear.
What Bron did not expect was a house crumbled and collapsed, folded inward on itself almost delicately, almost beautifully. A house of cards fallen at a heavy breath. Bron stopped for half a step. He looked around the street and saw and heard no one, no faces, no voices, no neighbors to offer help or explain to him why nothing had been done about this in the last two days. He double-checked the name on the painted sign near the street in front of the house, confirming that this was, indeed, the Cormorin home.
Then he went to the rubble and began to dig and to call. “Nyasha! Nyasha Cormorin!”
Muscles in his shoulders and across his back burned and ached as he dragged at rotten beams, boards with faded blue paint chipped and peeling, chunks of wattle and crumbling plaster. In the past two days, he had climbed ropes, lowered himself down sheer steps, and crossed deconstructed landscapes of broken buildings and bleeding people. He had pushed past many distressed citizens begging for help to rescue wives, husbands, children, neighbors, and he had ignored them all in his singular quest to reach Calea Lisan.
The collapse of this house must have happened at the very moment of the disaster, and Dr. Burdock was wrong. The Cormorins hadn’t left. They were buried. This time, he would not pass on. This time, he would not shut his eyes to a family in danger. He would find the girl he was seeking, dead or alive. 
“Nyasha Cormorin! Nyasha!”
He didn’t know her parents’ names. He hadn’t thought to ask. He didn’t know if she had any siblings, any other family. It didn’t matter. He would dig them out.
The smell hit him. Death. Two days of decay. Bron was digging now in an area that might have been a kitchen--the remains of a table on one side, smashed dishes, on the other side a potbelly stove tilted against the half-standing inner wall. Rotting eggs and insect-gnawed bread in the rubble. Breakfast? Preparations for a lunch basket?
Two bodies, a man and a woman. They were about his age or a few years older, and they were wrapped in each other’s arms, faces turned into each other’s necks. They had clung together when the shaking had begun, only to be crushed by a beam falling from the roof, landing across them both in the same instant. They had died together. 
Bron couldn’t lift the beam, not with his hands alone. He dug out around them enough to determine that no one else lay with them in the debris. Perhaps they had been cooking together. Perhaps they had been enjoying their early morning meal before each began the work of the day. Perhaps they had been talking, smiling, love in their eyes as they looked at each other.
He paused, folding his hands into fists, and waited till the shaking passed over once again.
“Nyasha! Nyasha!” His throat was raw, his nerves ragged, every muscle aflame. His hands were sore and scratched, his arms quivering. And still there was the girl to find, the girl the entire town had forgotten.
Bron paused again, tilting his head. Was that a voice? Perhaps it had been the wind, or a cat, mewling across the street.
“Here,” it came again, soft and low and battered. “I’m here.”
“Nyasha?”
“Yes. I’m here.”
Her voice was weak, cracked, and barely audible, but he heard it. Bron’s body didn’t stop aching, and his bleeding hands didn’t stop burning, but they didn’t matter. He had to get her out. That was all.
Nyasha’s voice came from further back in the house, perhaps a bedroom area. The inner walls had held up better than the outer ones, for whatever reason, and Bron could see places where the walls and the roof leaned against each other, forming spaces underneath that would be almost sheltered, almost safe. He would have to be careful not to dislodge anything important.
“Keep talking to me,” he ordered. “I need to hear your voice so I know where to dig.”
“I’m here,” she said. “I was leaving my room when the blast came. I was in the doorframe between my room and the hallway. I think that’s what saved me. I’ve been trapped here for two days. There’s just a crack, and I couldn’t open it, but I saw the sun go down and come up again and go down and come up. I thought I would die here. Who are you? Why are you here? I don’t know your voice.”
He dug through shingles and latticework from the fallen roof, making a path toward her. “My name is Bron. I came from Jalseion seeking help at the Sanctuary. Dr. Burdock told me where to find you. Keep talking, Nyasha.”
“Dr. Burdock? I’m surprised he even remembered my name. He’s a good enough doctor, but sort of wibbly, you know? Like a catkin, all soft and fluffy, with his chubby face and his fuzzy beard and his spectacles. The children like him, though, the little children who come to the clinic. I think they like him because he looks at them, not through them....”
Her voice might have been fading, but he was pressing closer, and so he didn’t lose her. “All right, Nyasha, I’m almost there. Can you push against the stuff around you, to show me where you are? Be careful.”
The pile of wattle and plaster in front of him shifted, bulging out almost from the center. Bron managed a smile, tired and relieved. “There you are. I’ve found you, Nyasha.”
He reached into the ruin and drew her out like birthing a farm animal, weak and shaky and blinking in the sun. Her dark brown skin was almost white with plaster dust, and her large brown eyes darted this way and that, trying to take it in. She was even younger than he’d expected, perhaps two years younger than Calea had been when she’d become a Guide.
“Can you walk?” He kept his arm around her, feeling her tremble.
Nyasha nodded, more absently than purposefully. “My goodness, it sure is a beautiful morning, isn’t it?”
“It is,” Bron said solemnly. 
“The mountains, too. How splendid they look this morning.”
He looked with her, north, to the mountain range that separated Jalseion from Thyrion. The peaks had once been green and mist-covered, or so legend said, but since the world had become desert, people called them the Burnt Mountains. They were orange and dark yellow and reddish-brown in the morning light. And yes, certainly beautiful, though Bron had never thought to call them so. He and Calea would have to travel over or around them to get to Thyrion, and they were therefore a barrier, an obstacle.
“Yes, they look very nice,” he said. “Come now, let’s get you back to the clinic. You need to rest and eat.”
“And drink. I’m very thirsty.” Her cracked lips curved in a smile.
“That too.”
She almost tripped over her own feet, her long skirt, as he led her out of the ruin of her home. But the path he’d made through the rubble went back to the kitchen area, and there Nyasha ground to a halt, staring. The bodies of her parents. Bron winced and looked away, sorry he’d forgotten.
Nyasha said nothing. Did nothing. She just stood there and stared for a moment that could have been an hour.
Then he gently tugged her into a walk again. He took her out of the ruin and back to Calea and the doctor.
Chapter 3 - New Burdens
Nyasha felt herself to be floating. The man who had saved her life, Bron from Jalseion, led her through Averieom. She looked at everything they passed, but it seemed that she couldn’t truly see anything. The Well was a yawning emptiness, the generator building had been ripped apart from within, and shops on Capital Street were broken and hollow and burned. They passed people, too, but none of them spoke to her, and it was just as well. She didn’t think she would recognize their voices, their faces. Nothing seemed real.
Ahead was the Sanctuary, that small cluster of buildings that had taken all of her focus in the last year and a half. The student dormitories, the classrooms and labs. The clinic. She had pestered the doctors and nurses until they’d started giving her tasks, even though she wasn’t a student and would never be--her family could never afford tuition there, and she knew it. She hadn’t cared. It was the most interesting thing in Averieom, and therefore it was where she wanted to be.
Dr. Pemry said she worked harder than even the best and brightest student assistants, and if she wanted to work, she might as well, as long as she followed procedure. It helped that she had never asked for pay. She knew they thought of her almost as a mascot, the Sanctuary’s own little pet peasant. She hadn’t minded. 
Strange that the lights outside the door weren’t lit, the two lamps on either side of the entrance, built into the brick facade. Those lights were always lit, even all through the night. Dr. Vame had called them a symbol of the Medical Sanctuary, a beacon never-failing. But they weren’t lit now, and it was strange.
Oh, yes. The Well. The Well was empty.
“What happened?” Nyasha whispered. Even her voice was strange. Bleak and blank and blistered.
Bron still had his arm around her. He hadn’t let her go since he’d pulled her out of the house. She was grateful. It was an anchoring, that touch, keeping her from floating off into nothing.
“We don’t know,” he said, and his voice was bleak and weary, too. “Come inside, child.”
Dr. Burdock met them just inside the door, clucking and fluttering and touching her face, then his, as if he had to check them both. “Oh, Nyasha, you poor thing, I’m so sorry, I’m sorry I never thought to ask after you, what on Lomara has happened to you? Come in, come in, let me see to you at once.”
Bron’s voice was a deep rumble above her head, explaining what had happened as Dr. Burdock folded Nyasha’s hand in both of his and led her to another room. She’d never been in an exam room as a patient. She had always been a healthy child, and any passing illnesses and minor injuries her mama dealt with at home.
Dr. Burdock didn’t put her on the exam table, even now. He sat her in the padded chair they kept in the room for family members, then went to the tap to draw a tumbler of cold water. He was still tsking, appalled by Bron’s story. “Oh, that’s horrible. That’s horrible. I never dreamed.”
He stepped back over to Nyasha and put the tumbler in her hand, then folded her fingers around it when they didn’t seem to want to move on their own. His friendly young face bent near hers, watching gently as he lifted her hand, tumbler and all, to her mouth. “You must drink, my dear. Two days! That is entirely too long.”
The first sip tasted dusty, like plaster and heat and days trapped in the sunlight and the dark. Then the taste of water flooded her mouth, delicious, necessary, and Nyasha wrenched her hand from Dr. Burdock’s and tipped the cup upward. It overran the edges, down her chin, up her nose.
“Not so fast, not so fast!” Dr. Burdock grabbed it again and pulled it down, and Nyasha tightened her grip, panting. Desperate. “Shh, Nyasha, softly now. You mustn’t drink too fast. I’ll make sure you get plenty, don’t worry.”
She nodded, and he let her drink again, keeping his hand on the tumbler until she proved her compliance by continuing to drink in tiny sips. When she emptied it, he filled it again and gave it back, then sat on the stool facing her as she continued to drink. “Tell me, now, do you hurt anywhere? Were you injured in the collapse?”
Nyasha shook her head. “Scratches and bruises. I was lucky.”
“Yes. Yes.” Dr. Burdock paused for a moment, then said, very softly and sincerely, “I’m sorry for your loss, Nyasha.”
She blinked at him, unable to imagine why he had said that. He shook his head and smiled crookedly. “Later. We can talk about that later, if you like. No, I’d better look you over anyway. Then we’ll see about some food, all right?”
It was surreal, being on the other side of this procedure. She had observed a standard exam dozens of times and had even assisted when there had been a runaway coach several years ago and the clinic had been flooded with too many injured for the usual staff to deal with. It was much harder to answer the questions than ask them. He kept wanting to know what had happened, where she’d been trapped under the debris, what position she’d been lying in, if she’d been able to move at all, and many other things, and she just...
Nyasha’s breath started coming faster, and she looked around, head pounding, eyes darting uncontrollably. “Where’s Bron?” That touch was gone, that anchoring arm keeping her from floating off.
“Where...” Dr. Burdock stuttered to a halt and sat back. “I believe he stepped out so I could examine you privately.”
“Where is... No, I need...” Nyasha stood, not knowing why, and swayed and reached a hand up to touch her temple. Dusty. It was dusty, the grit scraping against her fingers, coating her skin. “I don’t... Doctor...”
Dr. Burdock stood, too, hands on her shoulders, and he was spouting more words. Then Bron stepped in toward her out of the haze, face grim. He reached out to her, a big hand on her back spanning her shoulder blades, and the world lurched into focus. Nyasha dragged in a breath and knew where she was again.
“I was just in the hall,” Bron said. “I didn’t go anywhere.”
Nyasha sat. Bron didn’t leave the room again until Dr. Burdock was done.
*     *     *
Later, much later, Nyasha was embarrassed by that outburst. It had never been her practice to dwell much on things that disturbed her, though, so she chose to dismiss the incident from her mind. She had been a bit bothered by the whole thing, that was all, but now it was over and she was fine.
She had had plenty of water, a satisfying if light meal (“Not too much just at first or you’ll be sick,” Dr. Burdock had said), a brief wash, and a long nap in one of the empty dormitories. Now, as she roused herself from slumber, the sun outside the window was lowering. She felt much better. Her legs no longer wavered beneath her. And her stomach was growling.
Dr. Burdock had stored food in the common room in the clinic. Nyasha made her way there, stepping lightly between the buildings of the Sanctuary’s campus, reveling in the freedom to move as she wished. Maybe tomorrow she would run, just dash out onto the street and go as far and as quickly as her legs would take her, until her body was exhausted and stopped of its own accord. Right now, though, a meal was more appealing.
In the common room, Nyasha found bread, stale but still edible; a wrinkled apple from the last harvest; and a chunk of strong cheese. Then, still chewing, her hands full of food, she moved toward the front of the clinic. The others had to be around here somewhere. Her footsteps slowed when she heard voices. They sounded like they were coming from the entranceway.
“We must give the girl some time to recover.” That was Bron’s voice, deep and solid and sure.
“Time, time, always time.” A voice Nyasha didn’t recognize, female and strident. “The whole world is suffering. Am I the only one who understands that sometimes you must continue moving forward no matter how you ache?”
Bron grunted.
There was a small moment of silence, then the woman spoke again, slightly softer. “I know you understand that. You’ve proved that, if nothing else, since this disaster began.”
“I know how badly you want this. Need this,” Bron said. “But I also saw her house, and I saw her shaking. We must give her time. When she’s ready, I’m sure she’ll be glad to help us.”
Nyasha stepped out of the hallway, into the light from the front windows. “What can I do?”
After a brief hesitation, Bron stood to face her, but the young woman remained sitting on one of the benches they kept in the entranceway. A crutch leaned on the wall beside her, and she was missing an arm and a leg. Nyasha glanced over her quickly, then looked into Bron’s face, expectant.
“You’re looking much better, Nyasha,” he said. “How are you feeling?”
“All but perfect.” She rolled the wrinkled apple in her fingers, making it dance, then took a hearty bite. “What can I do for you?” Apple juice and flavor made a pleasant mouthful. Her mama would call her rude for talking while chewing, but Nyasha felt no compulsion to be polite to these people. Bron had saved her life, bypassing all the usual social rules, and the other one... “That’s why you came to my house, wasn’t it? You wanted help. Tell me what you need.”
The young woman twisted her lips, staring at Nyasha with an expression she couldn’t quite read. Challenging, haughty. The woman raised her eyebrows, and Nyasha understood. Ah. She thought Nyasha was stupid.
“It’s about you, isn’t it?” Nyasha swallowed her bite and took another, then gestured at the woman’s missing limbs with her half-eaten apple. “You need prosthetics. You’re a Jalseian. You’re rich. You must have had very fine ones. What happened to them?”
“They were stolen,” Bron said, with an aborted move, swaying toward her, then holding still again. As if he had started to step between them, then held himself back. Trying to protect Nyasha? Or the other one? 
Instead Bron turned sideways, making it into a three-cornered conversation, each of them at a point of a tilted triangle. He gestured, introducing. “Nyasha, this is Calea Lisan, a Guide from Jalseion and one of the finest scientific minds of her generation. Calea, this is Nyasha Cormorin, a young lady of great skills, as you remember Dr. Burdock telling us.”
“So formal.” Calea’s lip curled. “I am a Guide no longer. Nyasha, you spoke truly. I need new prosthetics. We were...hoping...you could help us. Dr. Burdock spoke very highly of you.”
Nyasha watched her, chewing thoughtfully. Calea’s was a voice accustomed to command. She wanted to order Nyasha to help her, but instead she was trying to ask. Not quite politely, but trying. Perhaps there was hope for her yet.
She nodded decisively and took another bite of her apple. “Of course I will. Let’s begin at once.”
Calea immediately shifted on the bench, grabbing the crutch with her one hand and using it to haul herself up. Bron, though, frowned. “Are you sure? You must still be very weary from your ordeal.”
“I want to work,” Nyasha retorted, then shook her head and leaned back on her heels, surprised at the anger rising up in her voice and making it “peppery,” as her papa called it. Why should she be angry? It was a perfectly reasonable question. “I’m fine,” she said again, more calmly. “I like working. I’ve done many handy jobs around the clinic, as well as helped the doctors and nurses. I’m good with devices. Dr. Burdock would be perfectly useless trying to make prosthetics, and the others won’t be back for who knows how long.”
“I’m convinced,” Calea said, and she nodded toward the back of the clinic. “Lead the way.” Nyasha turned on her heel. “Stay here, Bron,” Calea said behind her, stumping forward on the crutch.
Nyasha nibbled the last of the flesh around the apple core as she walked back to Dr. Randle’s suite. She did not offer to help Calea, knowing already that it would be rejected, but she listened to the awkward thump and thud of the Jalseian woman crutching along behind her. When they rounded a corner, Calea cursed under her breath, crutch scraping the wall as she executed a ridiculously incompetent turn.
Nyasha, now several lengths ahead, turned around and waited for her. Even new amputees were not usually quite this spectacularly clumsy with their crutches. “Your old prosthetics must have been truly amazing.” She tilted her head, watching Calea move, red-faced and tight-lipped and struggling with every step. “How long has it been since you used a cane or other assistance?”
“I don’t see how that’s your business.” Calea’s teeth were gritted, and sweat was beginning to pop out at her hairline.
“It’s relevant. I need to know how proficient you are with medical aids so I can decide what I need to make or get for you.”
Calea reached her and leaned against the wall for a moment, taking the opportunity to wave her hand in dismissal. “Do the absolute best you can, and I’ll deal with the gaps between your abilities and my needs.”
Nyasha frowned. It would be rude to cross her arms over her chest. She did it anyway. “If I’m going to do this for you, you have to be honest with me, just as you would have to be with any medical professional who was working for you. I promise you the same confidentiality all patients are given at the Sanctuary. Would you like me to fetch the legal forms so we can both sign them?”
Calea looked down her nose at Nyasha, an almost fevered light of incredulity in her eyes. As if she couldn’t believe that this little slip of a peasant girl would dare speak to her like that. “That won’t be necessary. Just do your best, whatever that may be.”
“Of course I will.” Nyasha huffed, singularly unimpressed. “You must do your best for me, too. Including answering my questions.”
“Oh, very well!” Calea took a breath and rolled her eyes mightily, but finally answered. “It has been at least six years since I used any sort of cane, walker, or crutch. I made my own prosthetics. Magic-powered ones. And yes, they were amazing, or at least adequate to my needs. If I knew more about non-powered technology, I would make temporary ones myself. But we were hoping that coming here would be quicker. Anything you’ll be able to provide will be far inferior to my stolen prosthetics, but I will make do.” 
Nyasha nodded thoughtfully, absorbing this. “How did you lose your arm and leg?”
“Oh, now, that can’t be relevant.”
Her gaze had been drifting, but at that sharp, acerbic answer Nyasha’s eyes snapped back to Calea’s face. Calea almost flinched. “At least tell me when you lost them then. So I’ll know how long you’ve been developing bad habits and how long it will take to train you out of them.”
It was the rudest she had sounded yet. Nyasha did not quite regret it. Strangely enough, Calea smiled, and for the first time it seemed almost genuine. She didn’t seem aware of it, though. Was she amused at Nyasha’s presumption? 
“Very well. Yes. I was eight years old. I fell in Jalseion’s Well, and the magic consumed my arm and my leg. Is that enough information for you, Doctor Cormorin?”
Nyasha turned away, ostensibly to continue leading the way to the suite, though truly she did it to hide the dismay on her face. A number of possibilities had occurred to her on seeing the missing limbs--a carriage accident, a bad fall, infection and subsequent gangrene, or even an incident with magic--but never that one. Calea had fallen directly into a well? How was she not dead? How had she not lost even more?
She shook it off, determined to be professional. Or at least as professional as she could pretend. She paused at the door to Dr. Randle’s rooms and turned to open it for Calea. “In here. We’ll take measurements, and I’ll show you some options. Since you are mechanically minded and these devices will be for you, we will start planning them together.”
It sounded good. Almost professional. Almost like something Dr. Randle would say. Calea nodded, accepting, and thud-thumped her way into the room. Nyasha shut the door behind them and pulled in a few deep, cleansing breaths. 
She would deal with it all. She always dealt with it.
Chapter 4 - Old Absences
Like any street magician, the little village girl had a good patter. She talked like she knew her business, but within the first half hour Calea was certain that she actually had almost no idea what she was doing. Unfortunately, the little bit of an idea she did have was more than Calea had, so Calea was stuck with her. 
“This is going to be fairly complicated,” the girl said. She had been using large words all along, making herself sound older than her soft, round face advertised. Like any child who read too much and knew too little. Calea had been much the same as a teenager. “Because your limbs were amputated above the knee and elbow, I’ll need to make joints. You must have made some yourself, if you crafted your own prosthetics.”
“I modified my prosthetics, more accurately. Heavily. But I did have a foundation to build from.”
Nyasha nodded and began pulling materials from a drawer. “You’ve probably already seen these, then.”
She started laying out pieces. Formless feet made of wood and rubber. Metallic skeleton framework. Hooks and pincers made of brass and steel. “When you received your first prosthetics, how much input did you have?” She looked to Calea’s face, straightforward and without a hint of deference.
Calea might have found it refreshing if it weren’t so irritating. Jalseion was full of lickspittles and fools. This girl was childish and know-it-all, but she was brave. “Not much when I was eight,” she said. “Later I was more insistent on the features I wanted, and by the time I was your age I had taken over.”
“Well, take your pick now.” Nyasha spread her hands expansively to the long counter covered with materials. “We’ll send the bills to the Academy.”
Calea would like to see their faces when that mail arrived.
They began the process of creating a design. It was the most Calea had collaborated with someone since she’d been in her fourth or fifth year of training, forced to work on a presentation with a classmate. What had her name been? Sunith? Judil? Calea truly couldn’t remember.
Working with Nyasha was even more irritating than that experience had been. That girl in the misty past had been somewhat dim, but she had been wise enough to bow to Calea’s superior intellect, letting her choose the subject of their project, the way they would share it, and who would do which tasks in the preparation. Nyasha lacked the humility and insight to do the same. As little as she knew, she was certain of her own knowledge. The worst sort of naif.
Calea won her way, though, in most of the important parts. She got her way on using metal for the internal framework of the pylon, despite Nyasha’s arguments that a lighter material would be better. “You’ll be exhausted after an hour,” the girl said, deep mahogany spots of color appearing on her walnut-shaded cheeks. “You’re not used to non-powered prosthetics. You have no strength built up. It’s a terrible idea.”
“I need metal so I can modify it when I have access to magic again. Wood or laminate would just have to be replaced, and sooner rather than later. I’ll build up endurance quickly.”
“You’re not strong enough.”
“I am!” Calea shouted. “I’ve proved it a thousand times, and I’ll prove it a thousand more! This is the way it will be!”
Her throat ached with the rawness of that shout, and she shut her mouth, glaring at the girl. Nyasha threw her hands into the air and gave in, declaring that it was on Calea’s head, not hers. And that was fine. That was the way Calea wanted it.
Nyasha would not acquiesce on the matter of the socket, though. She insisted that they take time for “a proper fitting” instead of just using the basic socket and harness system to attach the prosthetics to Calea’s body. “It won’t take that long, I promise,” she kept saying. “Do you want to chafe your stumps bloody before you cross the first hill north of town?”
As they were beginning to take the actual measurements, Bron appeared at the door. He took the time for a diffident knock but did not wait for a response before he stuck his loutish head through. “I heard shouting,” he said, as if that were explanation enough for why he had ignored Calea’s explicit command to stay away.
“We’re fine,” Calea said. “Leave us be.”
Bron frowned. And then he looked at Nyasha, as if waiting for her say-so. Calea might have gaped if she weren’t far too self-controlled for such nonsense.
Nyasha, bent over her calipers with a studious expression, only nodded absently. Bron gave them a little bow and stepped out. Calea knew he was standing in the hall, though. Waiting. The big turnip-head.
“All right, that’s enough to be going on with,” the little girl said eventually. She was already turning to the workbench as Calea dragged herself to her feet and retrieved her crutch.
Calea jammed the crutch under her sore armpit and made her way out the door. Bron stood there, of course. He wanted to offer her his arm, she could tell. But she pushed past him, making her own path. 
“She says it will take only two days, but I suspect she is optimistic,” Calea told him, thumping her way determinedly back to the entrance. “Where’s that Dr. Burdock? We need someplace to sleep.”
“I’ll find him,” Bron said, but he remained placidly at her side, dogging her footsteps all the way back to the bench where she thudded down on her backside once more. 
Bron glided off to look for the doctor, but she had a feeling that he was never truly that far away. It didn’t bother her as much as she expected it to.
The next days were much the same. Nyasha shut herself up in a back room, absorbed in her work. She was not interested in discussing her progress when she emerged to eat and sleep, which was rarely, and the skin around her eyes gradually darkened as she worked late into the night. Calea was content enough with that. She was the same when she became deeply engrossed in an invention. In a few days, in Thyrion, she would be able to bury herself in magical projects once more.
Dr. Burdock maintained the front of the clinic, seeing patients and keeping up the business of the Sanctuary. He made some deals for food to come in, usually in exchange for his services, and they had bread and salted meat and even a fresh chicken at one point. Occasionally he fussed over Nyasha, who rebuffed him. Then he attempted to discuss an exercise regimen with Calea, and she accepted his counsel a bit more readily, mostly because he offered it as advice instead of a prescription.
Calea was determined to prove Nyasha wrong. By the time the prosthetics were ready, she would be strong and hardy enough for the trip to Thyrion. In that pursuit, the crutch became both her dearest friend and her most hated enemy. It let her move on her own. But after only a few hours of stumping around the clinic, her shoulder and arm burned with unabated pain.
She did not remember it hurting like this when she was a child, newly plunged into the world of the deformed, the crippled, the amputees. But she had been smaller and lighter then, and her remaining limbs had been flush with the vigor of childhood. She had also been in a great deal of shock and confusion, which might have numbed the physical pain somewhat.
Still, Calea persisted in her quest. She would be strong and capable when the time came. Really, the prosthetics were taking much too long. What was that stupid girl doing, anyway? Calea itched to be on the road to Thyrion.
And Bron... Well. Bron was there. Always. He made his rounds of the clinic and sometimes stood near Dr. Burdock, guarding as he promised, especially when suspicious or rowdy characters showed up at the Sanctuary. So far his mere presence had been enough to quiet or send away anyone who made the young doctor start chewing his fingernails. But if Calea stumbled, somehow he was always there, catching her elbow and keeping her from hitting the floor. When she ached, he stood there with tea and a hot water bottle. When she told him to leave, he went into the hall and waited. Just like always.
She remembered that this used to irritate her, back in Jalseion, when she was a Guide. When she was important and feted and admired and envied. Now the world had changed, transformed in a rupture of magic and earth into something crumpled, empty, and terrifyingly new. Calea was changed, too, from one of only half a dozen truly powerful people in the world into a crippled child once again, bereft and alone, nursing her old absences. But Bron was still there, keeping her off the ground and making her tea.
It didn’t irritate her anymore. Well, not as much.
Calea exhausted herself every day, yet the pain kept her awake long into the night, staring at the ceiling of the empty dorm room and trying to ignore the burn of her shoulder and armpit, the tension of the muscles in her forearm and the ache in her thigh. Even her fingers were sore and seized in a claw from gripping the crutch with white-knuckled fervor. If she let herself go, she could almost ride the waves of pain like a dandelion clock in the wind, or a swirl of color in the currents of the Well....
She turned her face to the wall and tried to stop thinking. It was easier to fight than to let go. Easier to struggle and shout and force her way through the walls surrounding her. 
A distant sound pierced the veil Calea was trying to pull around herself, and she paused, lifting her head to listen. It was small and childish and nearly wild. It might have been the wind, howling over some distant desert peak. She’d never heard anything so raw and visceral, so guttural and uncouth. It might have been the sound of weeping.
Curiosity drove her out of bed and into an ill-fitting robe, reaching for her crutch even as her shoulder shrieked at the prospect of yet more pain. Calea clenched her teeth and rode it, through the door and down a hall, following the vicious sound of naked emotion. The cry was like a hook driven into her chest, pulling her on. What was it, some sort of animal? A child in the street, alone and frightened? The question drove the pain from her mind, at least for awhile.
She really shouldn’t have been surprised at what she found. They were the only two staying in the women’s dormitory. Yet the sight of the girl pulled Calea up short, halting clumsily several feet away, forced to lean against the wall on her burning shoulder when her crutch slipped. Nyasha sat in a chair at a bay window looking out on the Sanctuary’s garden, bent over herself with her face in her hands, sobbing bitterly as moonlight painted silver over her plaited head and convulsing shoulders.
“What are you doing?” Calea’s voice was harsh and amazed, bursting out of her as if without her consent.
Nyasha gulped, trying to force down her tears. She did not raise her head or even glance Calea’s way, but her shoulders froze, as if forming a wall against the intrusion. “I’m crying,” she spat out, sharp and furious. “Who’s an idiot now?”
“But whatever for?” Calea’s mind was nearly empty, unable to come up with any sort of reason for this horrendous display.
“My...my p-parents...” Nyasha’s voice hitched on a sob. “They’re...they’re dead. I saw them. I saw it! I didn’t understand it. I...” More sobbing, the raw, guttural chokes and gasps of a child’s grief. Had Calea ever made such sounds? She didn’t think so.
“I still don’t,” Nyasha finished, and she just sat there, trying to get herself under control. “I don’t understand it.”
Calea knew, distantly, that this was the part where an ordinary woman of their civilization would try to offer some sort of comfort. She would embrace this messy, mortifying girl, dry her tears, and tell her it would be all right. She would lie and hush and lie some more. She would be warm and soft and gentle, like a bowl of custard left too long in the sun.
“I never knew my parents,” Calea said. Her voice was cold and hard and blunt. She heard it in her voice and could not bring herself to care. “I was sent to the Academy as soon as my talents were discovered. I don’t see what the fuss is about.”
Nyasha drew in a breath, sharp and almost sobbing, but this time it sounded more like fury than sorrow. Calea shook her head and pushed herself off the wall, turning to leave. Behind her, the girl began to cry again, softer than before. Almost brokenly.
Calea went back to her bed. People lived, people died. It happened all the time. It wasn’t worth caring about.
Chapter 5 - The Path Around
Bron remembered a time when his job had seemed simple. Keep Calea Lisan safe. Keep her safe. That was all. Of course, that idea had exploded as soon as he’d met her. It sounded simple, but it required much more than the description advertised.
Now it had expanded even more. “Keeping Calea safe” had become very complicated, involving travel to hostile territory, a temporary job guarding a clinic, the procurement of transportation, and who knew how many dozens of things Bron couldn’t begin to imagine yet. 
He also wanted to keep guarding her spirit. That had been the first lesson, after all. Calea was far more fragile than she appeared, and the first time they’d met he had inadvertently wounded her dignity while trying to guard her from embarrassment. It was a fine line that he was still learning how to walk. And now, in a larger world that was vastly beyond his control, the line had become even thinner and more difficult to see.
But he watched. He could do that. He saw the way Calea interacted with the girl, Nyasha. Calea tried to hide it, but she was jealous, and Bron understood why. Nyasha was sharp as a rapier, young, quick-tongued, and good with her hands. Both of them.
In another life, Calea might have been that girl. Peasant-poor and socially powerless, but strong and smart and certain. Magic had been as much curse to Calea as gift, leading her to the Well where she’d lost...a great deal. And so Calea looked on Nyasha with anger and envy, as well as admiration that she hid even from herself.
Fortunately, Nyasha was smart enough not to pity Calea. That would have ruined any chance of Calea ever accepting her help. Instead, when her first design failed, Nyasha brought her mechanical problems to Calea. Bron stood in the hall and listened to them, and he heard the prickliness between them, but also that spark he had always observed when two like-minded Select started working together. The longer they talked and worked and planned and dreamed, the less they cared about the distance that separated them. They began to create something.
When not working together, though, Nyasha and Calea were very frosty toward each other. It got suddenly worse on the third day, the two trading barbs so spitefully that Dr. Burdock, red-faced, stood up from the table where they were eating and retreated to eat his food somewhere more peaceful. Bron said nothing, knowing his intervention would be unwelcome, but he didn’t leave. He had brought this on his own head, and he would endure the consequences.
He wasn’t sad to leave the Sanctuary for a while, though. This was another new task--trying to figure out how to get to Thyrion. In the middle of the day when Dr. Burdock felt safe enough, Nyasha was buried in her work, and Calea was too exhausted from her morning exercises to stump around for a few hours, Bron went into the village.
Averieom was still small, but it was no longer very quiet or peaceful. The clusters of anxious, tense people Bron had noticed on Capital Street during his first walk through the town had multiplied and spread until it was hard to find a street that wasn’t bustling with activity. Families were packing carts with belongings, shop-owners were setting out signs saying they had none of this supply or that, and even the children looked serious and afraid.
Reliable news was hard to come by, but rumors flew about in flocks. Stay away from the main road to Thyrion, some said, for the Thyrian army was patrolling it and looked unkindly on travellers. Beware of the byways and hidden paths, others said, because brigands and thieves were emerging from the wilderness like cockroaches in a dim room. Bron heard from one villager that the Guides and Overseer of Jalseion had all disappeared in the Cataclysm, so they should not expect any help from that quarter, and the next person he spoke to said that the Jalseian rulers were already starting to rebuild the Towers, and all would be repaired in less than a month.
The first few times he went out, everyone he spoke to recognized that he was not from Averieom, and all wanted to know where he was from and if he had news of this kin or that, if he knew what was happening in Thyrion or Falcon Point, if the roads were good or bad. The telephony and swift mail service afforded by magic was gone, vanished beyond the recalling, and everyone was desperate for news of friends and family. By now, though, the villagers Bron met knew he had no information for them but were happy to share their own.
 “Hello, Bron,” the grocer, Mrs. Alver, greeted when he stepped inside her shop. The windows in the front of her store, empty of glass, had been sealed with brown paper. “I’m sorry, I have nothing to sell for gold nor love.” 
“I see.” Bron gazed sadly over her empty shelves and bushel baskets. Two days ago he had bought four hothouse pears for a silver note each. The fruit had been a welcome treat with their meat and bread that evening. Calea’s money wallet still weighed heavily in his pocket, full of Jalseian bank notes that were quickly losing their worth. Few people had anything to sell, and those who did were asking dearer and dearer prices. Of course the few vehicles in Averieom were now defunct, and Bron had not been able to buy a beast of burden “for gold nor love,” as she put it.
“Are you still looking for a way to the north city?” Mrs. Alver was one of those who could not bear the name of Thyrion on her tongue. Her family was from Falcon Point, and she had lost folks in the recent war. At Bron’s nod, she went on. “Well, I won’t judge you for your foolishness. I heard there was a caravan man trying to organize a group to head that way. The wells have been gone less than a week, and already we resort again to practices from the distant past. Ah well. You’d be safer with friends, if you must go north.”
“I fear that I must.”
“Then travel in a pack. I heard he was holding court near the empty Well.”
Bron thanked her for the kindness and went to the center of Averieom. The bottom of the shallow hole where the town’s Well had been held some water from the previous night’s shower. Perhaps in time it really would be a pond. The villagers had made a pile nearby of debris from the building that had been destroyed in the disaster, a few automobiles, and even some smaller items of technology now worthless without magic. It had the feeling and look of a bonfire. It was something that the town wanted to reduce to ash, but because it was mostly metal, there it sat, a pile of obsolescence, obdurate and glittering.
He found the caravan man in a small gathering of people partway between the pile of magical discards and the edge of the square. Several people were talking as Bron approached, gesturing with broad sweeps of the arm, pointing both north to the Burnt Mountains and eastward along their line. The group was a hodge-podge bunch of young and old, male and female, well-off townsfolk and weather-beaten farmers from the outskirts. They let Bron into their number easily enough, and there at the center was the man he sought.
The caravaner was a tall, thin fellow who managed to straddle the line between the more polished townspeople and the leathery-skinned folks from the fields. He looked like a man who knew his business but who also could weather a storm in an open plain. He stood and spoke with assurance, and it was clear that most of the people around him already trusted him to lead them through a suddenly dangerous and unknown wilderness.
At Bron’s approach the man turned toward him, a smile ready for greeting. He cut off the ongoing conversation with a wave of the hand, speaking directly to Bron. “Hello, there. I’m Thade Orinstone. Are you interested in safe travel out from Jalseion’s sphere?”
“I am.” Bron nodded gravely. “Please, convince me that your plans are truly safest.”
Thade Orinstone laughed, a strangely joyous sound in the midst of this troubled crowd. “A forthright man! I like that. Very well. You’ve heard the old saying, ‘The flock can travel where the wolf cannot.’ Never truer than in times of uncertainty like these. You would be safer in numbers than on your own.”
“I don’t dispute it. Why is joining your group better than gathering my own?”
“You would have trouble gathering your own in such numbers, for one. I have already gained the confidence of most Averieans who have decided to journey outward. We will pool our resources, sharing food and wagons, shelter and protection. I have hired trusty fighters to defend us from thieves. And, as a merchant who has traveled the route to Thyrion scores of times, I know the way as I know my mother’s kitchen.”
Bron nodded at each point, accepting. “I confess myself quite convinced.”
Orinstone smiled broadly, eyes twinkling. But he raised a hand, forestalling. “A stipulation. Until the political situation is settled again, I cannot accept local currency or bank notes. To be of worth to the group, you must come with something we all need. A wagon and yoke of oxen, food supplies, that sort of thing.”
“Mmm.” Bron frowned, narrowing his eyes. “What about skills? You say you are hiring guards. I am an excellent guard.” His hand fell to the throwing knife at his waist.
“Well, you’ll have to convince me of that.” Orinstone’s smile dimmed slightly. “We might be able to work it out, though. A good bodyguard is worth his room and board.”
“I seek passage for both myself and a companion.”
Orinstone’s hand lowered to his side. “Ah. This is less equitable. You might be worth your passage, but I doubt you’re worth double that.” 
Bron folded his arms over his chest. “I allowed you to convince me. Give me the same opportunity.”
Orinstone tilted his head. “Fair enough. How do you propose to do that?”
“Call your best bodyguard. I will prove to you that I am worth two of him.”
Another bright, cheerful laugh. “Challenge accepted! Follow me to the inn.”
The crowd went with them, murmuring and curious. Orinstone’s best guard turned out to be a man a few years younger than Bron, a thick-chested, broad-shouldered brute who, by his familiarity, must have worked with the merchant guarding his goods for many years. He stood half a head taller than Bron and frowned down at him when Orinstone informed him of the challenge as if insulted by the idea. They went out to the courtyard for their first contest.
Bron threw his opponent over his shoulder in the first passing rush, then pinned him to the packed dirt and held him there until he pounded the ground. He also bested him at target practice with throwing knives, using a broken barrel provided by Mrs. Alver for their target. The brute beat Bron at arm-wrestling, but it was a near thing. And currency was not so worthless yet that plenty of it didn’t change hands when Bron’s arm finally gave way, letting his fist thump down on the inn’s wooden table. The crowd cheered, well-pleased with the entertainment, and Orinstone’s was not the only laughter that seemed true and joyous.
Bron stood, grinning, and shook hands with the caravan man, sealing the deal for passage for two. The match had done no favors for his still sore and misused body, but he had proved his worth.
Sometimes, perhaps, even complex problems could be solved simply. Bron was very glad to find it so.
Chapter 6: The Path Through
“You struck a bargain with a merchant.” Calea stared at Bron, incredulous. She had to repeat it again, just to be sure she’d understood what he said. “A merchant.”
Bron had returned to the clinic covered with sweat and an air of victory, as if he had accomplished something difficult and important by making plans without consulting her. That wasn't how it worked. Calea should have some say in her own future, shouldn’t she? Even though in many ways she was now a nobody, at the mercy of strangers, Bron should not have treated her as such. He should have respected her at least enough to ask her permission before setting the path for both of them.
Bron, though, just nodded placidly. He didn’t understand at all, the big lump. “After several days of seeking a way to Thyrion, I am convinced that this is the best option.”
“A caravan?” she asked, letting her contempt drip out, thick and viscous. “A large group of strangers all traveling together, trying to keep from killing each other on a long and difficult journey? Whatever made you think that we would be a good fit for such a thing?”
“In fairness, most of the other travelers will know each other already,” Bron said. 
Calea threw her hand up in the air, grazing the lamp above them on the wall in the patient lounge. She had been exercising and had paused here in her route around the clinic when Bron caught up with her to share his news. “Oh yes, much the better. Only we will be outsiders, then. How pleasant.” She huffed, abandoning the false cheeriness. “I repeat. What on Lomara made you think that this was a good idea?"
Bron frowned. Calea could see the gears slowly turning in his head as he struggled to come up with an argument. It was useless. He pattered on a bit about the safety of numbers, how they would be provided food, and other piddling matters. “We are going with a man who knows the way very well, so we will not get lost,” he said, and here Calea cut in.
“Yes, the way. Another reason not to tie ourselves to a caravan.” Calea's hand clenched in a fist. "The route is around the Burnt Mountains, not through. That's what you said, correct? We'll be taking the main road to Thyrion and stopping at many villages along the way for other people in the caravan to connect with friends and family. Absolutely useless to us. We need to get directly to Thyrion, no delay, no diversion. We need to go through the Burnt Mountains, not around them.”
“A direct route might seem preferable, yes,” Bron said slowly. “But it will also be much more dangerous. I do not know the road. We could get lost. And while I will always do my best to protect you, if we are set upon by a large band of thieves, we might not fare well. Also, we have no way of buying a horse or anything else to help carry you. A mountain route will be very difficult for you to traverse.”
Calea's face flushed hot at this, and Bron swayed back, aware that he had made a fatal mistake. “Do not question my ability and strength, little man. I will do what is necessary. I always do.”
“I only meant, the new prosthetics...”
Fortunately for Bron, they were interrupted by the loud clearing of a throat in the doorway to the lounge. Nyasha stood there, arms crossed, face solemn. “I can show you a path over the mountains.”
“That’s not...”
“You silly girl, you can’t...”
Both Bron and Calea started protesting in the same breath, then cut off and looked at each other, eyebrows raised. Bron was the first to recover, turning back to the girl.
“We appreciate it, Nyasha, but there’s no need for you to take on more trouble for our sake.”
“What trouble? I’d be glad to get out of this building after being shut in here for days.” Nyasha gestured toward the Burnt Mountains, visible in the expansive picture window that composed one wall of the lounge. “They’re lovely this time of year, before the heat of summer really begins and after the bitter nights of winter are behind us, and I could do with a trip.”
“Going from no guide at all to a little girl for a guide is not much of an improvement,” Calea said icily. “Bad advice is worse than none.”
Nyasha bristled visibly, puffing up like a small, angry cat. “I don’t give bad advice,” she all but hissed. “My family emigrated from Thyrion, and we’ve visited there several times. I remember the paths my papa led me on. How could I forget them? I’ll never forget anything my papa taught me.”
Calea shut her lips tight at this, no response ready. The air between her and Nyasha was still sharp-edged since the night when she had failed to offer comfort to the weeping girl but instead had cut her further. Calea did not quite regret her words--they were the truth--but she did acknowledge that she could have handled the situation better. As a young girl newly crippled by the Well, Calea had not been much receptive to harsh truths, either.
Bron sighed. “I believe you, Nyasha. I’m grateful for the offer.” Calea noticed he did not say “we.” Perhaps he was learning not to speak for Calea as well as himself. “It doesn’t change the other difficulties, though. I’m wary of traveling alone when there are so many rumors of brigands about.” He paused, wise enough not to go on.
“And you’re worried about Calea climbing a mountain with brand-new prosthetics,” the child continued for him, staring straight into Calea’s eyes as she said it.
Bron did not respond, but Calea pushed herself off the couch she’d been sitting on and snatched up her crutch. “You’re both cowards,” she spat, “hiding behind my hardship to avoid a path you fear. No. I won’t allow it. We will go to the mountains.” She turned to Bron, daring him to disagree. “The two of us will travel quickly and lightly, and we’ll avoid any danger, which I’m sure has been greatly exaggerated. We will get to Thyrion quickly and directly, and neither of us will falter. Is that clear?”
He held rigid for a moment only, then nodded. Sweat still shone on his forehead, slowly drying in the stuffy inner room, but that air of victory he had carried in with him was completely faded. “I will see to gathering provisions.”
“Good.” Calea turned to the girl. “Now, you must have sought me out for a reason. Is the new design ready for testing?”
Nyasha nodded. “I was coming to fetch you for another fitting.”
“Excellent.” Calea swept a hand toward the door. “Lead the way.”
This time, following the village girl back to the prosthetics suite, Calea made sure she kept pace with her every step of the way.
*    *    *
“You don’t have to prove yourself to him, you know.” Nyasha tugged another strap, pulling the harness tight across Calea’s back.
“To whom?” Calea answered, for a moment absurdly thinking she was referring to Dr. Burdock. She had never given two coppers about Burdock’s opinion of her.
“To Bron,” the girl said. “He knows you’re strong. He knows you as well as ever my papa knew me.”
Calea’s cheeks heated at the implication. “We are not related. And I don’t care what Bron thinks of me.”
“Yes, you do,” Nyasha said, tugging another strap hard enough that Calea winced at the pressure. Fortunately the girl was behind her, so she couldn’t see. “You care what everyone thinks of you. You just don’t care if anyone likes you.”
Calea opened her mouth, then closed it, determined not to sputter. This was utterly ridiculous. “What does that have to do with anything?”
“Nothing.” More hard little tugs as Nyasha adjusted the straps. “I don’t care if you like me, either. But Bron knows you, and he likes you anyway. He knows you’re strong and smart, and he knows you’re an idiot sometimes, too. You don’t have to prove anything to him.”
“Of course not. I have no need to prove anything to a simple-witted bodyguard.” There was really nothing else to say about such idiotic statements.
“Right.” Nyasha finished her adjustments and moved in front of Calea, watching the arm prosthetic with a critical eye. “Try to roll your shoulders.”
Calea did so, feeling the give and sway of the heavy new limb. She would have to adjust the prosthetic hand’s grip and function with her flesh-and-blood hand, but it would give her many more options for dealing with daily objects. Nowhere near as good as her stolen powered limb, but better than nothing. Though she saw no need to try to refute nonsense, she was intrigued by the conversation itself. “Why are you saying this to me?”
Nyasha nodded absently at the way the limb moved, then crossed the room to fetch the leg prosthetic. “Because I like Bron, and I don’t like the way you treat him. He’s smarter than you think, or let yourself think, anyway.”
“I do not... What...” Oh, and now she was sputtering after all. Calea closed her mouth with a snap. “That’s preposterous.”
“You like knowing that any given moment, you’re cleverer and wiser than at least one other person in the room. So you let Bron be that person for you. But he’s not. He pulled me out of a collapsed house. Do you have any idea what kind of skill that takes, or at least intuition?” Nyasha looked Calea in the eyes for a moment, then bent down to attach the leg.
“He’s capable enough, for a guard...”
“He’s a good man,” Nyasha interjected, threading straps and pulling on them hard enough to make Calea wince. This time she didn’t try to hide it. “You should be smart enough to see that, but you hide it from yourself to spare your own feelings. And that’s why I don’t like you. You’re rude to me, and that’s all right; plenty of people have been rude to me. But Bron deserves better.”
Calea was speechless. Had a little village girl, a mere doctor’s assistant and not even a medical student, just told her that her own guard deserved someone better than she? 
Nyasha stood back, looking Calea up and down. Perhaps she was just checking the fit of the prosthetics, but her gaze was simultaneously so piercing and so dismissive that if Calea had not been sitting rigidly, she might have shrunk from it. “All right. You can try to stand now, my lady.”
The honorific was sarcastic and not even correct, but Calea chose to ignore it. She seized her crutch and leveraged herself to her feet. She would still need the crutch to walk, at least at first, but already she felt more stable and in control. The socket of the leg prosthetic put new and uncomfortable pressure on her stump, which had been hanging loose and unencumbered for several days, and she would need to practice walking again. But already she was sure of success. “It feels good,” she said a bit grudgingly. She would not let her anger get in the way of finishing what she came here to do. “No spiking pressure or chafing yet.”
“Good. You should walk your route around the clinic a few times and let me know if that changes.” Nyasha gestured toward the door, and Calea moved to go.
“Oh,” Nyasha said behind her, cool and casual and just as commanding as if she were a full physician giving instructions to a fractious patient, “and the next time Bron comes to you with a smile on his face, try not to chase it away within a minute. Just as an experiment. To see if you can.”
Calea drew in a deep breath and refrained from answering, instead continuing out the door. Her face burned with anger for the entirety of her first trip about the clinic, though. Stupid girl. 
What did she know, anyway? No more personal conversations. Calea would discuss only the prosthetics with her and ignore anything else she said.
For the rest of the day, she kept that resolution.
*    *    *
The next morning, Calea was ready to leave. She had gotten all she could expect to get out of Averieom. Her new prosthetics were adequate, and her strength had improved. Her course was set. Now all she had to do was get to Thyrion, where the largest well in the world would surely fill her with magic once more.
She said as much at breakfast, as the four of them sat together for the one meal a day that they consistently shared. “Bron, we must go. Today.”
He paused with a piece of bread half-lifted to his mouth. Dr. Burdock and Nyasha also halted what they were doing, watching them. 
“I’m not sure we can,” Bron said. “I bought a few blankets, tarps, and other miscellany, but no one is willing to part with foodstuffs. The provisions are not ready.”
“Then you must make them ready.”
“The stores are all but empty, and the shopkeepers are not much fond of bank notes.”
“Then talk to the villagers. Surely someone will be willing to sell their food for far above its market value. When society returns to normal they will be greatly enriched.”
Bron grunted and ate his bread. Calea took that as agreement. 
She turned to Nyasha. “And you will show us the road? Perhaps we can draw up a map.”
Nyasha held very still for a long moment. Calea watched her, hoping that their little tiff yesterday had not changed anything. At last the girl nodded, soft and serious, and Calea smiled, triumphant. “Then everything is set.”
“Are you sure?” Dr. Burdock asked, his smooth young face wrinkling like an old man’s. “You just got your prosthetics yesterday, and everything is so unsettled. I keep hearing tales of robbers and wild men....”
“We’ll be fine,” Calea said, nodding firmly. “We’ve loitered here long enough.”
After breakfast, Dr. Burdock went muttering to his business, Bron left for the village, and Calea turned to Nyasha. “About that map...”
But the girl had disappeared. 
Much put out, Calea tromped about the clinic looking for her, leaning on her crutch and limping on her new leg. Nyasha wasn’t in Dr. Randle’s suite, nor in any of the other rooms Calea checked. She finally crossed between the buildings to the dormitory but didn’t find her there, either. 
After quite some time, red-faced and puffing, Calea went back to the entryway of the clinic and plopped down on a bench, rubbing her sore thigh above her prosthetic. When that did little to relieve her, she lifted that side of her skirt above the join of metal and flesh and examined the cloth pressed against her stump. She was very relieved to find no red spots of blood, no smell of oozing pus. It did chafe abominably, though.
“Calea?” The sound of the shutting door raised Calea’s head. Bron stood there, frowning down on her. He carried a small bundle in his right hand, much smaller than she’d been hoping for.
“Is that the food?” She gestured at the bundle, pushing her skirt back down to hide her stump.
Bron nodded, glancing at the gather of cloth in his hand. “Enough cornmeal and salt pork for three days, maybe. Not enough for a journey over the mountains.”
“Then you’ll have to try again.”
“Calea...”
“Ho!” Someone kicked the door, voice muffled by the layers of wood. Bron set down his bundle and went to open it.
There stood Nyasha, her arms stretched widely to carry a burlap sack stuffed full of something lumpy and heavy that strained at the fabric. She grinned at Bron, childlike and sweet, and for the first time Calea saw something there that might be likeable. Bron stepped back to let her in, but she just stood on the threshold, smiling.
“I brought provisions,” she exulted. “Lots of them. Now we can go to the mountains.”
“The mountains?” Calea swayed to her feet and grabbed her crutch. “We?”
“Yes,” the girl stated. “I’m coming with you.”
Well, that wasn’t happening.
Chapter 7: The Desert
Nyasha wasn't sure what she had expected. Bron just stood there in the doorway, staring at her, and behind him Calea was working her way over to them and frowning like a thundercloud. They didn't want her to come. 
The smile slowly faded from Nyasha's face, but it didn't matter. She was coming.
She thrust the sack of food into Bron's arms. “Here, take it. I gathered it from my old house. My mama always kept a well-stocked larder.” Bron reached out reflexively to relieve her of the burden, then continued to just stand there as if he didn't know what to do, the silly man.
Nyasha's hands ached from digging through the wreckage of her old home. Fortunately, the lean-to larder had been at the back of the house, so she hadn't had to search where her parents had died. Papa had built that larder himself because the little space that came with the house hadn't been large enough for Mama's needs. When the house had collapsed, it had remained partly standing. Papa built things sturdy.
The house had been still and quiet. She hadn't seen any neighbors. Her hands shook as she approached, unsure of what she'd find. The memory of her mama and papa, wrapped in each other’s arms in the rubble, was sharp and awful in her mind. No one had come to look for her while she’d been trapped. Why would anyone have taken care of...that?
But one of the first things Nyasha noticed, when she was finally able to see through the tears blurring her vision, was something new in the backyard. Nyasha approached, trembling, mind blank. She couldn't imagine what it was.
Two fresh mounds of dirt, two grave markers made of broken planks from the debris. Someone had carved in the wood with a knife, simply inscribing her parents' names. Asha and Brand Cormorin.
Nyasha wept for a long time, kneeling between the graves in the damp grass. It was mostly grief and pain, but with a lot of gratitude mixed in, too. Someone had cared. Someone had cared enough to bury them. She hadn't known that anyone in Averieom gave even that much thought to her family. 
It didn't change her resolution to leave. This tiny village held nothing for her now. Her work at the Medical Sanctuary had just been something to pass the time; she'd always known that. She called no one here her friend, though there were certain folks she was friendly with. She had no reason to stay.
The only person she might really consider a friend...in all the world, really...was Bron. Nyasha knew how pathetic that would sound if she said it aloud, so she didn't. If Bron was leaving, she would too. And, fortuitously, the Jalseians wanted to go to Thyrion, where her family had come from in the first place. She might have cousins there, maybe even an aunt or two. It was the only place she could think to go, and Bron was already heading there. It was perfect.
So Nyasha had gathered as much food as she could. And she was going.
“Don't be ridiculous,” Calea said, making her way over to the door to frown at Nyasha along with Bron. “You're not going.”
“You need me,” Nyasha said. She had worked this all out in her head. “Your prosthetics aren't perfect--not even close. I will bring tools from the clinic and keep adjusting them until they are as comfortable as possible. You need a guide, and I know the way through the mountains. It's not just one path, it's many; and I'm no artist, so any map I made would be confusing. Much better for me to come along instead. Besides that, I have the food you need. I'm not just giving it to you. If you want it, you have to take me, too.”
“Oh, dear.” And that was poor Dr. Burdock, coming out of the exam room to look on the proceedings with wide, worried eyes. “Nyasha, you're leaving me, too?”
Nyasha gave him a sad smile. She truly did like Eman Burdock, and he'd been nothing but kind to her since Bron had brought her back, covered with dust and blank with the horror of her ordeal. She was sorry to leave him, but she had to. “Yes, Dr. Burdock. Please forgive me.”
“Why are you standing there in the doorway? At least come in and talk about this.”
“There’s nothing to talk about.” But she crossed the threshold and went to him, putting her arms around him in a tight hug. “Thank you. You’ve been wonderful to me. But I have to go.”
“Oh.” He drew back and held her shoulders, looking her gently in the eyes. “Yes, I suppose you do. This place holds too much sadness for you now.”
Nyasha sniffed, suddenly overwhelmed, and could only nod.
Dr. Burdock wiped the wetness away from the corner of her eye with his thumb. “I hope someday at least you can visit. I’d be sorry to never see you again.”
“You’ll be all right.” She took his hands and squeezed them. “Thank you. Thank you.”
Even Calea had no more objections.
*    *    *
They found a ride with a farmer through the fields north of town. The midday sun was high overhead, but at this time of year it wasn’t too hot. The fields were planted and sprouting, and the farmer was proud to point out which ones were wheat or corn or watermelon or a dozen other crops. Nyasha knelt at the edge of the half-empty cart, pressed against a strapped-down crate, and looked out on everything with interest. She was determined to press Averieom into her memory and always hold on to the good things, and the fields of dark brown earth and tiny green sprouts were beautiful and worth remembering.
“Say, you’re from Jalseion, aren’tcha?” The farmer looked back at Calea and Bron. “You know anything about magic and the wells?”
Calea nodded, her back to the side of the cart and her legs stretched out in front of her. She had been strangely quiet since the goodbye at the Sanctuary. “I know something of magic.”
“You think the land’ll go infertile again now the wells are gone? Folks are mighty worried on that thought. If the desert all returns, how will we live?”
Calea shrugged. “Anything is possible. It might be that the magic in this part of the world has only moved somewhere else. I know nothing of agriculture, but perhaps since the land has been fertile so long, moisture will remain in the cycle. I suppose the children of this world will live as they always have--on the edge of survival, searching for all the scraps they can find to feather their nests.”
“That’s sorta poetic.” He looked at her side-eye for a moment, then turned back to watch the path ahead, touching the back of his horse with a furled whip. “Haw, now.”
At the edge of the fertile land, where the northern desert began to encroach on the fields and meadows, they descended from the cart, strapped their packs on their backs, and thanked the farmer. He farewelled Nyasha by name, though she couldn’t recall ever knowing his. Perhaps that was why he had been willing to take them so far beyond his own holding, to the place where sand and earth mingled. Nyasha could offer only a smile and thanks in return. Then she turned her back on Averieom.
The road ahead was rocky and barren, but she knew the way, and she wasn’t afraid. Nyasha led them into the land beyond civilization, her steps sure and her head held high. Rocks peppered the landscape all around, gradually growing larger as they continued. Here and there an azazel tree or gorse bush pushed its way through the sandy soil, spare yellow-green leaves fluttering in the cool southerly breeze.
Nyasha remembered treading this path with her papa, beginning the journey to Thyrion for a festival. They had made the trip three, perhaps four, times that she remembered. The journey had taken almost two weeks of walking each way, but the time had been pleasant and carefree, and they had both always been strong and sure-footed, finding pleasure in the exertion.
In truth, she remembered little of the festival itself. It had been a harvest celebration, which was a common enough holiday, but Thyrion raised it to ridiculous heights. The people were required to take their taxes to the government during that period, standing in long lines to present their documents and goods to government bureaucrats in the "Tithing Tents" set up in every plaza and square. In Averieom, taxes were paid with much grumbling and resignation, but the hardy people of Thyrion had chosen to make it into a time of fun.
Everywhere the Tithing Tents were raised, other smaller tents followed soon after--and food carts and tumblers and bards and merchant booths and fireworks and a thousand other entertainments and delights Nyasha scarcely remembered. “People are always willing to spend their money on anything but what they have to,” Papa had told her at one of their campfires, grinning his big white grin in the darkness. “If you have to give ten gold to the taxman, why not spend a copper for a pie?”
It was how the Thyrians kept their defiance, in a way, standing up and finding their own pleasure despite a rule that was much harsher and more restrictive than those in the other great cities. And going to enjoy it as a non-citizen had been Papa's way of showing his own defiance. He no longer had to pay the tithe, but he could take his little daughter to see the jugglers and fire-eaters, to eat the lemon cakes and partridge soup, to laugh at the government men with their gray clothes and grayer faces. They couldn't go every year, but each trip had been a wonderful treat.
More wonderful to Nyasha than the festival itself, though, was the time in the desert with her papa. In Averieom he worked hard every day, doing all sorts of jobs for anyone who would hire him. He shingled roofs and painted walls, built sheds and laid brick paths, glazed windows and mucked stables. He could do anything, Nyasha was firmly convinced, and anything he didn't know already, he quickly learned.
Nyasha loved her mama, too, but Asha Cormorin had always been content to stay at the house, doing all the warm, homely things that made it such a lovely place despite its shabbiness. She gardened and knitted and painted little decorative patterns on furniture--all sorts of things. But from the time Nyasha could carry a toolbox, she followed her papa whenever she could. Most of Papa's customers were wary of a little girl working on their property, however, so eventually she started going to the clinic to look for tasks to keep herself busy.
In the desert, though, Papa wasn't working. He was free to laugh and chat and sing and tell stories, and that he did every day from dawn till dusk, to Nyasha's endless delight. She learned how her parents met: “Over a soup kettle in an inn where she was working as a cook,” he said, slapping his knee in merriment, “And when I tried the soup, I kissed and claimed her in the next instant." All the mischief he had gotten into as a child: “Scuttled up a chimney and pretended to be a soot-puff that could talk, scolding my sister for her terrible cleaning skills. She was so scared she brought down the house with her screaming. I got a whipping, but it was worth it.” 
And, on their most recent trip, she’d learned why he and his wife had decided to leave Thyrion. Papa had sobered when she asked that question. “Our emperor had ambitions too great for the world to hold,” he told her, without even a hint of laughter in his voice. “It began to frighten us. Heaven laughs at the vain practices of we children of dust and water.”
Nyasha wondered if Heaven laughed at the vain practices of Calea Lisan, too. She smiled at the thought and turned to see how the Jalseian woman was faring. At the sight, though, her smile slid away. Calea was lagging badly, and misery was etched across her face, which was both pale with effort and already reddened by the sun. A grimace contorted her face each time she leaned her weight on the prosthetic leg.
Bron had slowed his stride to match Calea, and he eyed her with a look Nyasha knew. He wanted to offer to take Calea's pack, which was already the lightest of the three of them. He knew his help would be rejected, so he was silent. But he was just as miserable as Calea. They were both such silly people, sometimes Nyasha didn't know what she would do with them.
Well, Nyasha didn't care what Calea thought of her, so she could do what she wanted. She glanced at the sky, waiting for them to catch up, as she'd outpaced them. It was still mid-afternoon, nowhere near time to stop for the night yet if they truly wanted to reach Thyrion in anything like the time she and her papa used to make.
When the Jalseians caught up with her, Nyasha reached over and took Calea's pack without asking permission. “We're going too slow,” she said bluntly, when the silly woman dared open her mouth in protest. She handed the bundle to Bron, who held it under his left arm without apparent effort.
Nyasha turned back to Calea. “Now, lean on my shoulder. Don't fuss, my lady! We don't have time to dither. I know a place up ahead where we can shelter, but it would be wise to reach it before nightfall.”
Calea's cheeks flushed even brighter, but she handed her crutch to Bron and deigned to lean on Nyasha instead. Nyasha passed an arm around her torso and bore her up. It was more weight than she was used to, but she could handle it.
 After a couple of hours, though, Nyasha had to admit defeat. She traded duties with Bron, letting him support Calea while she carried the pack. Calea accepted being passed from person to person with ill grace but could not spare the breath to voice her discontent. They stopped for a meal, wordlessly rushed by Nyasha as she continually looked at the sun and distant mountains, worrying about how far they still had to go. They moved on, Nyasha again propping up Calea.
It wasn't fast enough. As sunset began to shade the mountains in deeper hues of orange and gold bisected with cavernous black shadows, Calea had faded much further. Nyasha, sweating and determined, dragged her along, but she could not see the place where she and her father used to stop. They hadn't reached it, and they wouldn't make it by full dark.
Nyasha paused, pulling in big lungfuls of air to refresh herself. Calea sagged against her, panting too hard to spare breath for complaint or question, which was something of a mercy. Nyasha looked to Bron.
“We need to find shelter.” She knew her eyes were big and pleading, her voice young and almost breathless. She was beginning to be frightened. 
But she trusted Bron. He might be a Jalseian, same as Calea, he might never have spent a night in the wilderness in his life, but he was smart and strong. And he cared deeply about Calea, and about Nyasha too, she was sure of it. He would protect them or die in the attempt. If Nyasha couldn't have her own papa, she couldn't imagine a better alternative.
He looked back in her eyes, accepting the charge. Nyasha felt something pass between them, almost like static electricity jumping from one person to another. She gave her trust, and he took it and vowed to be trustworthy, all without a word.
Almost instantly, another light sparked in Bron's eyes, and he stood up straighter, looking about with purpose and certainty. “I think...” he began, hesitantly at first. “Yes, I think we should... Yes, this way. Follow me. We will find shelter.”
The confidence in his voice invited no question, and Nyasha hitched Calea up a little higher against herself and followed him. Bron led them off the path at an angle around the rise of a rocky, scrub-covered hill. They followed the line of the hill for several minutes, then came around it into a slight dip between two or three hillsides. Nyasha heard the trickling of water, then saw the green.
A natural spring bubbled out of the side of one of the hills that surrounded this tiny valley, little bigger than one of the houses in Nyasha's old neighborhood. Several azazel trees grew around the spring, thrusting their thin, gnarled roots into the rock and spreading a thin cover of leaves overhead. There was even a rock-ring circling wood ash and scorch marks, the remnants of fires from previous travelers.
It was a perfect place to shelter for the night.
“How about that.” Calea sighed, raising her head from Nyasha's shoulder. “You did something right, you great lump.”
Bron smiled.
Chapter 8: The Watch
Bron kept the watch and wondered about things he couldn't explain. He had moved away from the dim red glow of the fire, putting his back to it as he looked out on the darkness beyond their little grove of desert trees. He could hear the women breathing behind him, Nyasha and Calea for once acting as one, if only in unconsciousness.
He thought his life had been complex before. He'd had no idea.
His loyalty lay with Calea. That was the choice he had made, and he would keep his promises into death, no matter how useless or old-fashioned others, including Calea herself, might think them. It was his job to make sure Calea was safe, whatever that meant and wherever it took him. That was a truth he regarded as highly as any scientist regarded truths of magic and power.
But the other girl had laid a claim on him, as well. Bron wasn't sure when it had happened. Perhaps it had been when he’d drawn her out of the rubble of her home. Perhaps when she had started panicking and he’d calmed her with his mere presence. Perhaps it had been when she’d looked at him earlier in the evening, trusting and hopeful and afraid. In that moment, he had accepted that she was his to protect, too. The beginning had not been so formal--no employer had told him, "Now you must keep Nyasha safe." But perhaps it was all the more powerful for being something chosen between them, not laid on them by an outside party.
Yet how could Bron keep two promises? Calea called him simple. Frequently. It was true enough. He found a certain joy in having one task, and one task only. Now... Everything was more complicated, and part of him shrank from it. 
At the same time, he could not be sorry he had met Nyasha. She and Calea were similar in many ways--both intelligent far beyond his capacity to understand, both inventive with tools and materials, both stubborn and aggressive and bossy. Good stars above, they were both so bossy. Bron wondered what sin he had committed to deserve two such women in his life, tugging him this way and that.
But Nyasha was very different from Calea, too. She was much younger and more naive, yes, but also a great deal more open with herself. Where Calea hid, Nyasha displayed proudly, letting all the world know exactly what she felt at any moment. Nyasha was generous with her friends, like Dr. Burdock, so sweetly saying farewell that even that nervous young man had had no choice but to accept it. Bron suspected that Nyasha could also be cruel to her enemies, though he hadn't seen that yet.
That was another difference--Nyasha had friends and enemies. Calea, it seemed, held all the world in the same low regard. Her life was much the poorer for it, Bron believed. As much as Calea seemed to despise Nyasha's openness of spirit, perhaps it would be good for her to be around it. Bron could not explain how the three of them had fallen together, but it did not seem like an evil.
Another thing he couldn't explain was how he'd found this tiny, sheltered valley in the first place. When Nyasha had looked into his eyes, her gaze so desperate and pleading, his mind had been blank. He knew nothing of travel, of the signs to look for in order to find what those alone in the wilderness needed to survive. He was a man of Jalseion, born and bred, and he'd never been outside the city walls before this week.
But when he had decided that he must obey, that he must help this girl, and all of them, in any way he could, suddenly he had known where to go. The women probably thought that he'd heard water or smelled the scent of greenery or saw some track in the rock. But none of that had happened. He’d simply known that there was only one safe place to go, all the rest of their surroundings barren and exposed, and he’d led them there.
How? Bron had no idea.
He also couldn't explain how Calea had been healed, of course. That was a subject his mind had been unwilling to touch since it had happened. It was just so bizarre. He was less inclined to think some remnant of magic had done it, though, and thought it more likely that fate had lent a hand in some way. Or perhaps the blurry, amorphous, beyond-the-sky God his mother had always spoken of. But that was insane, and he would be a fool to say anything about it to Calea.
Bron swayed slightly where he stood and blinked, pulling himself upright. He was tired, and he ached. Maybe he should sit down....
No, he really ought to get a few hours of sleep. He couldn’t tell the time by the stars, as a true wanderer could have, but he knew he’d been standing guard for many hours. Dawn couldn’t be far off, though as of yet he didn’t even see a slight lightening of the sky in the east to presage the sun.
Bron’s eyes closed of their own accord, and he forced them open. It was no use. He had to rest.
He turned to the fire, hesitating, then finally went to Nyasha. Yesterday had been far too hard on Calea. She needed as much rest as they could afford her. Nyasha was young and strong, and she was eager to prove herself.
Bron crouched down, patting the girl’s shoulder. “Nyasha.” He kept his voice low but let some urgency into it. His body was warning him that soon enough he would keel over, whether he willed it or not. “Nyasha, please wake.”
She stilled beneath his hand, the deep breaths of sleep pausing as she woke. “Yes?” She sounded alert, if a bit wary. “What is it?”
“I need you to keep watch till morning. I have to sleep for a few hours.”
Nyasha sat up abruptly. “You’ve been keeping watch? You haven’t slept at all?”
“Yes.”
Her voice was suddenly troubled. “Papa and I never kept watch before.”
“The world has changed, now, I’m afraid. Can you look out for a few hours? Wake me if you hear or see anything suspicious. Just a touch to my arm will do. I’m a light sleeper.”
“Yes, of course.” Nyasha shook her blanket off, leaving it in an untidy pile, and moved away from the fire just as Bron had done. She had good instincts, even if she had never stood a watch before. Bron’s shoulders relaxed a bit, seeing that. “You sleep. I’ll be fine.”
“Thank you.”
Bron found his roll and bedded down. He was asleep in seconds, his fatigue dragging him down so suddenly it was like being swallowed. No dreams, or none he could remember. He simply closed his eyes, then opened them what seemed an instant later to a bright early morning and Calea’s angry voice.
“I call it disrespect, that's all. You could have at least asked me. Instead, you didn't even try.”
Nyasha's voice was exasperated. “You were asleep. Neither of us wanted to wake you. Probably because we assumed you'd be grumpy and unreasonable, just like you are now.”
“I'm not unreasonable! It's completely logical for an equal burden to be shared equally.”
“Not in every case, my lady.”
“Stop calling me that. It's not even correct. Jalseion has no nobility. We are a meritocracy.”
“Oh, I'm sorry. I thought you liked it when people bowed and scraped before your obvious superiority.”
The argument went on, but by this time it had devolved to a very childish level that might have been amusing if it hadn’t been so sincerely sharp-edged. Resigned to the need for intervention, or at least distraction, Bron pushed himself out of his blanket and walked over to where they sat by the rebuilt fire. “What's wrong?”
Calea turned on him, eyes flashing. “You should have woken me for a share of the watch.”
Bron looked down at her and was silent for a moment, thinking. It would do no good to explain his reasoning to her--she would reject the idea that she should have been allowed more leeway simply because she needed it. She was not like Nyasha. She didn’t know how to receive kindness without seeing condescension in it.
“All right,” he said at last. “Tonight we will split the watch equally.”
Calea was satisfied and turned back to watching their morning corn cakes cooking on the fire.
Nyasha, though, sighed noisily, as teenagers were wont to do. “I still don't think it's necessary. Papa and I never had trouble on this road before. It's too unknown to be dangerous.”
“Better to keep watch for no reason than fail to keep watch and be set upon,” Bron said.
Nyasha gave him a crooked smile. “Is that a saying from Jalseion? I never heard it.”
“It's a saying from my old trainer, the man who taught me how to fight. So I suppose it is from Jalseion, in a way.”
She just laughed at him, light and delighted. Fond. Bron was startled to realize that he was one of the people Nyasha considered a friend. Calea watched the girl with narrowed eyes, confused and annoyed.
From their spiteful words to each other, it appeared that Nyasha considered Calea less than a friend. Now Bron would see how accurate his assessment of last night had been. He did not look forward to it.
They set out after breakfast. In the next couple days the path led them into a series of foothills leading up to the mountains. They traveled both up and down, following the slopes, but certainly it seemed to be more up than down. Despite Calea's objections, Bron carried her bundle as well as his own, and she had a much easier time without the extra weight. Her practice back at the clinic had clearly paid off.
Nyasha was cheerful, too, sometimes tromping ahead to the tops of the slopes and waiting for them there, sometimes telling little stories of when she had traveled this road with her father. She had seen nothing on her watch last night, and she expected to see nothing tonight, or so she told them repeatedly. This was a safe path, because who in their right minds would climb mountains when they could simply go around.
"The caravan might very well beat us there," she said at one point, chuckling at the idea. "The main roads to Thyrion are very good and the way is flat. My papa and I went through the mountains because it was cheaper than going with a caravan, and we walked fast." She didn’t say that this group was moving much slower, but she didn’t have to. She’d made the point very clear in other conversations.
Calea frowned at this but said nothing. She needed her breath for walking.
On the third day, though, they found themselves suddenly not alone on the path. As they rounded the bend of a hill, the highest they’d climbed yet, a group of four men appeared as if from nowhere and fell in with them, two walking behind and two before. They wore fashions familiar to the area and looked not unlike the farmer who had given them a ride out of Averieom. 
“Greetings, fellow travelers,” the one who seemed to be their leader said as the men descended from the hill onto the path. “Mind if we walk with you?”
“Of course not.” As usual, Nyasha was in front, and she grinned at the fellow without a thought. Bron was instantly wary, but he resisted the urge to put his hand on his knife. Where had they come from?
“We're just simple hillfolk, traveling from our cottages to our herds of goats in the mountains,” the leader said to Nyasha, glib as could be.
“Really? I never heard of anyone living out here before.” Nyasha's voice was curious and interested, without a hint of suspicion. Which was good in a way--Bron could let her talk, and perhaps the men wouldn't notice that he was ready to fight back if they started something. The girl would lull them into false security.
And maybe they were telling the truth. Maybe.
Still, Bron stepped closer to Calea and touched her elbow in warning. She glanced at him and seemed to understand, nodding once, then turning her attention back to the path. Bron walked close to her, and the strangers near them were wise enough to keep their distance. 
“And where’re you from?” the leader asked Nyasha.
“Avereiom,” Nyasha said, in the same easy tone. Oh, no, thought Bron. Don’t say... “From the Medical Sanctuary, you know, all the doctors and nurses? I used to work there.”
Bron felt the tension in the men around him ratchet further upward, and his gaze darted back and forth, though he kept his face pointed forward, trying to keep track of them all. Even those quick glances caught the edges of weapons poorly hidden under jackets and shirts, walking staves that would serve very well as clubs….
“Oh, yes?” The leader tried to keep his casual tone, but it was obviously a strain. “You have any drugs, medicine? That stuff is valuable now, you know, with the world all higgledy and no knowing when new supplies will come.”
This was blatant enough that even Nyasha noticed, and she went quiet, glancing nervously back at Bron as if for instructions. He frowned at her, unsure of what to do. Years of experience in the roughest neighborhoods of the roughest Section of Jalseion told him a fight was brewing, but he’d never learned how to dispel the clouds as they gathered.
“Oh, don’t be so dramatic,” Calea said, exasperated. Bron wondered suddenly, desperately, how both of the females he’d associated himself with could manage to be so smart in some ways and so stupid in others. He nudged Calea’s elbow again, but she didn’t seem to understand.
“We have nothing to trade with you and no need to do so even if we had the goods you seek,” Calea went on, imperious and firm as she had always been. But oh, this was so very much the wrong time to pull out her commanding voice again. “We’re in quite a hurry, so really, you should just get back to your goats.”
Here it all ground to a halt. The conversation, the chance of escape, and the men surrounding them. Calea pulled up short, surprised, as one grubby little man turned to her and leaned far too near her face.
“I’ve heard that tone before. Those words.” He grinned, and his teeth were broken and yellow. Calea recoiled into Bron, who tried to keep her upright without entangling his hands. He would need them soon enough. “You’re from Jalseion. You think you’re better than us.”
“I don’t... I didn’t say...”
Bron had never heard Calea sputter before. Behind the man, Bron caught a glimpse of Nyasha’s big brown eyes, wide and terrified.
“You’re Select, aren’t you?” The man’s smile became something ugly and stunted, sick and mean.
Then the weapons came out.
Chapter 9: The Shelter
Calea lay on her back on the rocky hillside, winded and hurting, as the world erupted in chaos around her. All she saw at first was the sky, blue and cloudless. That horrid, filthy man's first action had been to shove her, hard, and she'd fallen flat, her crutch spinning away. She didn't know where it was. All she could manage at the moment was to lie on the rock and try to breathe.
"Nyasha, run!" Bron bellowed.
Calea hoped the girl would obey. At least one of them should reach their destination.
Then fury filled Calea, from the top of her head to the sole of her foot. What was she doing, lying around like this? She had to get up, she had to do something, she had to... She had to breathe. Pulling in air in hard-won sips, her anger fuel for her paralyzed limbs, Calea forced herself upright, fingers digging into a jutting rock to support herself. She groaned, pained and dizzy, but she would not lie down, she would not.
Bron was fighting, one against four. Calea had been so stupid not to recognize these men for what they were--vandals, thieves, brigands. Everything Dr. Burdock had feared, everything Bron had been watching for, and she had had no idea. She had simply been irritated at the interruption their presence had caused, the way they spoke and looked and were, so uncouth and savage. The only comfort in her stupidity was that Nyasha obviously hadn't understood the threat, either. They had been stupid together.
One of the thieves was making off with the smaller bundle Bron had been carrying, the one that should have been Calea's burden. Bron's own pack had fallen off his back and was now on the ground, where he was trying to keep it, beating off the thieves who came for it. The vandals' leader was at Bron now, swinging at him with a huge stick, and Calea was afraid. If that hit Bron on the head, if he went down...
But Bron grabbed the club in his big hands and wrenched it away, then struck back at the man. His knives were already gone from his waist. Calea hauled herself upright against the rock and looked around, trying to see what had happened to them.
Oh, how nice. The thief who had tried to steal Calea's bundle was down and bleeding about twenty paces away, the items from the pack tumbled on the ground around him. Maybe Nyasha could get them.
Another vandal was leaning on the hillside opposite where Calea sat, and he was panting in convulsive jerks, clutching inconsolably at another throwing knife, which was... Great stars, it was in his chest. The thief's face was pale, knowing, and the blood flowed and flowed. Calea stared at him, unable to look away. He was dying, and she was watching. It was as if they were both trapped in some horrible circle, staring at each other, neither able to escape the inevitable or even to look away. He was dying.
Bron shouted in pain, and Calea's eyes tore away from the dying brigand and back to the fight. Bron's arm bled from a slashing cut, new and awful and bright. But he held on to the leader with both arms, wrestling him down to the rock. Bron had him almost in a headlock; he was going to win that fight. But the other vandal, the fourth one, had a long, wicked knife, and he was raising it for another strike. Bron was vulnerable, his arms full, his legs spread wide for purchase on the rubbled path. The man with the knife had already gotten him once, and now he was going to stab Bron in the back.
"No!" Calea yelled. 
Out of nowhere, her crutch flew through the air and struck the knife man upside the head. He toppled like a felled tree. And over him stood Nyasha, wide-eyed with horror and panting with adrenalin, clutching Calea's crutch in pale-knuckled hands. 
She hadn't run, though she would have been wise to. Calea was almost absurdly grateful. It was a huge emotion filling her as completely as the rage at her helplessness had done, overwhelming and unfamiliar. She’d never felt anything like it.
Bron held his choke-hold on the leader until the brigand went down, slack and still. Then he straightened up and looked around, at the four downed thieves, at Calea sitting in the rocks, at Nyasha standing there still frozen with the crutch held angled from her shoulder like a batsman at a game.
"We're...we're all right," Nyasha said wonderingly.
"Yes, we are," Calea said more firmly.
The blood from the wound on Bron's arm dripped into the grit and sand, bright and red and far too quick, like water from a bad faucet, leaking and leaking. He didn't seem to notice at first, but stood swaying over the pack of food and other supplies he'd nearly given his life to protect. Its straps were broken. Sliced. They'd cut it off him and they would have cut him down to obtain it.
Who killed for food? Who attacked people for the mere things they carried? It was obscene. Calea couldn't understand it at all.
“Bron, your arm.” Calea grabbed the rock with both hands, hauling herself up to her feet. She couldn’t go to him--still too clumsy, too weak on her new legs. “You’re bleeding. Bron!”
Bron looked down at the gash incuriously, raising his arm as the blood continued to drip down his forearm, off the knob of his wrist and into the ground. Nyasha made a high-pitched sound and suddenly broke her paralysis, running around the man she had downed to get to Bron. At least she tossed the crutch in something approximating Calea's direction.
“Give me that,” Nyasha ordered Bron, hands already reaching to tear open the ragged cloth of his sleeve.
Bron held his arm out to her without comment, watching mutely as she bound the cut with bloody strips of the shirt sleeve. Calea found something to admire in the efficiency of Nyasha's movements and the way she used what little material she had available to her to cover the gash very quickly. Then she realized that Nyasha's hands were shaking, and what she had taken for efficiency was something closer to panic.
“We need to find shelter,” Nyasha said. Her voice trembled, too. “We have to...we have to rest.”
We have to get away from all of this blood, these bodies of men both living and dead, she could have said but didn't. Calea heard it even so. 
“She's right,” Calea said. She bent down, stretching for the discarded crutch. The sun suddenly felt too hot, too bright, an all-seeing eye far above them watching them with judgment.
Bron stood there in the path, breathing. He did not object. Then they both saw him sway, back and forth, just once.
“Bron!" Nyasha grabbed his arm above the elbow, away from the cut, holding both him and herself upright. “Bron, we have to find shelter.”
He met her eyes. Calea watched, uncomprehending, as something happened between them, a moment of connection and understanding. It made no sense. They had known this girl for only a few days. Perhaps a week. And already Bron looked at her like that, like he knew her. It was...
It was the way he looked at Calea, come to think of it. She'd always hated that about him, from the very first day. That idiotic belief of his that she needed to be protected and he was the one who was supposed to do it. But why would he look at Nyasha like that? And...
And... Calea's mind halted. It was true, wasn't it? They both needed his protection, at least out here in a desert peopled with thieves and monsters. 
Even if it was true, that didn't mean she had to like it.
Nyasha looked at Bron, and Bron looked at Nyasha. Then he nodded, his eyes sparked, and he lifted his head. His legs were firm and steady again, and he bent to lift the pack with his uninjured arm. "This way." He nodded off into the hills. "I know where to go."
Nyasha paused long enough to scoop up the spilled items from the dropped pack, and Bron retrieved his knives. When the leader of the robbers started to stir, waking from unconsciousness, Bron kicked him hard in the ribs. The man stayed down. Then they walked into the hills, straight off the path, and didn’t look behind them.
*    *    *
As impossible as it seemed, Bron did know where to go. He led them far away from the path into territory he had absolutely no way of knowing. And yet, at the end of the trip was a house, a little stone house set in the side of a hill, built into the rock itself. Small and quaint and in all ways unexpected and inexplicable, but there it was. A house. Or at least a cottage.
Bron and Nyasha hesitated several paces away, trying to come up with some sort of protocol for dealing with this situation. Calea, though, tromped right up to the wooden door of the cottage, her crutch clattering in the loose rocks and drifts of gritty sand. She knocked her prosthetic hand on the door, once, twice, and sheets of dust fell from the aged and pitted wood like an arid waterfall. It swung inward of its own accord, dislodged by the knocking, and Calea pushed her way inside.
The place was lit by sunlight coming through the roof above, which was part wooden latticework, part rocky ledge protruding from the hillside. The furnishings were sparse and covered with the ubiquitous tan dust that sifted over everything in this miserable region, long untouched by any human. Her feet and the end of her crutch left dark impressions in the dust on the floor.
“It's abandoned,” she called over her shoulder, but Bron and Nyasha were already pressing in behind her, looking around in wonder.
“What is this place?” Nyasha mused aloud. "Whoever would have built it, and why?"
“I think I know.” Calea moved to a table in the back where she'd spotted, in the dust and filth, a familiar object. She leaned on the creaking table with her hip and lifted to the light a roughly cylindrical lump of dark blue glass. “It's an inkwell. A scholar lived here.”
“A hermit, more like,” Bron murmured, brushing dust off a stool so he could sit down. He was pale and all but swaying again, now that they were comparatively safe. Nyasha halted her exploration and moved back over to him, slinging her pack off her back as she went. If she was wise, she would have brought some sort of medical supplies from the clinic. Calea was beginning to learn that Nyasha was indeed wise, in her way.
“A hermit,” she agreed, turning the inkwell around in her hand. She had had an inkwell much like it in her first classroom, but that one had been attached to her desk. Magical outbursts among the young Select often flung objects about in amusing but dangerous ways, and the Academy took a few precautions to avoid injuries. Not enough, some might argue, but a few.
Curiosity pushed Calea upright again, forging further back into the abandoned cottage. A particular formation of rock had caught her eye, and as she approached she confirmed it. Yes, these were bricks, not rocks, arranged against the wall in a semicircle that looked very much like...
“An indoor well,” she announced with satisfaction, pleased to have plumbed the mystery. She leaned against the lip of the well, looking down into the deep black pit of it. No smell of water, no sound of dripping, however faint and distant. It wasn't a water well, though that would have been useful out here in the desert, too.
A separate water cistern against the opposite wall validated her theory. She turned back to Bron and Nyasha, nodding along with her thoughts. “There used to be magic here, probably only a very small pocket not large enough to support a community. A Select must have learned about it and built this cottage to study magic in his or her own way. A fine pursuit. I confess some envy at the idea.”
The other two didn't look nearly as interested as she thought they should be, but they listened. Bron's arm was now bound with clean bandages, Calea noted. He leaned against the wall and drank from a canteen, seeming comfortable enough, for Bron, and some of his color had returned. Nyasha was retrieving something else from her pack.
They were tools, each laid neatly on the floor within easy reach of Nyasha’s clever little fingers. “I want to adjust your prosthetics,” she told Calea, kneeling primly on the floor with her hands on her knees. “We have time now, and it needs done.”
Calea reluctantly left her explorations and made her way back to the others. She was leaning on the crutch less and less, she noted with pleasure, though the flat floor inside the cottage might have had something to do with that. Maybe in a few days she would be able to graduate to a walking stick.
Nyasha had wiped a wide area of the floor around her clean of dust, and Calea lowered herself down, sitting with her legs spread out in front of her. She couldn’t help a sigh of relief when Nyasha reached out and started undoing straps, releasing the tight suction of the socket against her arm stump.
“How do you feel?” Nyasha asked. “I know they’re bothering you, but how much?”
“It’s bearable,” Calea said. But her mind was caught on that question. How do you feel?
Now that the curiosity of her initial exploration of the hermitage had faded, all her confused emotions from the scene at the road were returning. She felt weak and helpless, and furious at her weakness and helplessness. Bron had been useful. Even Nyasha had been useful. All Calea had done was sit there and watch.
“Did you find any magic in that little well?” Nyasha asked as she started tinkering with the arm prosthetic. “Maybe you could start to show me how you altered your old prosthetics.”
Calea shook her head. “There was nothing. But that’s not surprising. It’s only sensible that whatever affected both Jalseion and Averieom had power enough to reach this place, too.”
Thyrion was far away over the mountains. Surely magic still filled that mighty, powerful place. 
She had watched the brigand die, back at the road. Blood had flowed from the wound in his chest, and he sat there and clutched the knife, and he knew he was going to die. His face had been...terrible. Much the way, she imagined, her own face had looked when she’d realized the Well in Jalseion was empty. 
Calea shuddered, trying to fight away the dread of it, the knowledge. She had seen dead bodies in the streets of Jalseion as they’d departed for Averieom, but she hadn’t seen anyone die during the disaster. This was the first time. She had always thought it would be just a thing, a process, like anything else in nature. In a way, it had been just as she’d thought. The body had shut down because it could not continue, like any machine with too many broken parts or not enough fuel.
But she couldn’t stop thinking about it. That dying man, the spark in his eyes slowly fading, his drawn face white as white could be against the red and brown rocks. He had expected only to steal a few items from unwary travelers, not to die at the hands of a stranger. He had woken up this morning just as they had, roused from his bed, and had met his companions to walk the hills, blind and ignorant in the sun. Now he would never do any of that again. He would never do anything.
Calea had been staring blankly at the wall as she thought, but now she looked up, turning to face Bron. “Don’t risk your life again,” she rapped out, harsher than she meant to. “You stood over that food, not giving way--they could have killed you. It was only food. We could have gone back to Averieom for more. It’s not worth your life.”
Nyasha snorted, but it was not a derisive sound. It seemed almost...sad. Calea whipped around to stare at her. “What?”
“Are you still so naive?” Nyasha asked, which was something, coming from her. “They didn’t only want the food. They wanted to kill you. Bron fought for your life, not just a bundle of supplies.”
Calea looked to Bron, expecting a chuckle, a shake of the head. But he just looked back at her, close-mouthed and grim. Calea drew in a breath and fell silent.
The last time her life had been threatened, she had pulled on enough raw magical power to melt stone, entombing her attackers and saving both herself and Bron. She still didn’t know if those men had survived--she hadn’t wanted to ask after them, hadn’t wanted to know. This time, she had been completely useless and unable to protect anyone, even herself.
There had to be magic in Thyrion. There just had to be.
Chapter 10: The Burnt Mountains
They set out from the cottage the next day with renewed determination. Bron led them on an oblique angle back to the path, so they returned to it far away from the scene of yesterday. Calea appreciated it. She didn't know what had happened to those men they'd left in the road like so much detritus, and she didn't want to know. 
It seemed that she was always leaving attackers behind in roads and alleys. One dead face was already trapped in her mind’s eye. She shied away from imagining the others, the men buried in stone, the men sprawled in the desert sun. But Calea’s was a mind that saw patterns and fit them together at all times, whether she willed it or not, and now it was far too easy to see them all, one face after the other, dead because of her. 
As if to mock the dark turn of Calea’s thoughts and prove just how purposeless they were, the day’s travel went better than expected. Bron seemed to be healing surprisingly quickly, and Calea felt stronger and more able than ever. After her grimness in the cottage, Nyasha bounced back to her cheerful self, full of stories and songs. She seemed to have even softened toward Calea, for some reason, and the two women managed to be more civil toward each other.
The days were difficult. Travel in the rocky foothills leading toward the Burnt Mountains was slow and painful. They tried to keep up a good pace, constantly chivvied by Nyasha, who told them repeatedly how much swifter she and her papa had been on these paths. 
“Are you sure you're not just remembering those trips with too much nostalgia? Surely the two of you could not have always been such wonderful travelers,” Calea snapped back at her at one point, irritated by constantly being compared to a strong man in his prime and being found wanting. Nyasha shut her mouth and was sullenly silent for a few hours.
However, Calea noticed that Nyasha watched her struggle on the path, and eventually Nyasha seemed to forgive her. “Perhaps I was,” she admitted as they began to set their camp that night beneath a sheltering ridge of rock. "I remember those trips very fondly, it's true." For once they were managing to camp in a place where Nyasha and her father had stayed, and that made her smile like a little girl. 
*    *    *
Nyasha loved the campfires. On nights when they were not all too exhausted by the day's walk, she wanted to share stories. Mostly she wanted funny tales, but the two Jalseians were grossly short of such things. Their lives back in Jalseion must have been very sad and serious, if they were too busy even to notice the funny things that happened in every life.
"Come now, you lived and worked in the Academy, yes? A place chock-full to the brim with Select of all kinds? You must have had eccentrics on every side." Nyasha grinned at Calea across the fire, hoping she understood that this was not meant as an insult. "Dr. Burdock is the only Select I've ever known well, and he's the funniest little man."
"What do you mean?" Calea asked.
"I found him to be very kind and considerate," Bron said almost in the same breath.
"Well, that too," Nyasha said. "Dr. Burdock is an uncommonly gentle man. But he had such funny habits. I think he told you that his talent with magic was rather weak, and he was best at making things somewhat warmer or somewhat cooler. Well, he took advantage of that. He loved his tea, but he didn't like to drink it all at once. So he would brew his tea and leave the pot in the common room in the clinic, take a cup with him to his exam room, and sip it a little, then leave the cup there. When it got cold he'd touch it to warm it up, which was a trick that always delighted the younger patients. He'd do that over and over, then go back to the common for another cup and do the same thing with that one. He never got tired of it, and by the end of the day that pot of tea looked dark as a pit."
She laughed at the look of horror on Calea's face at the idea of rewarming tea over and over again. "It must have tasted like the worst medicine by the time he was done," Calea said. Her face was both fascinated and repulsed.
"I don't know, I never touched it." Nyasha grinned, hugging her knees to her chest. "I wouldn't dare. The other doctors always wrinkled up their noses at it, too. Dr. Burdock is a very sweet man, and everyone likes him, but that habit of his is disgusting to anyone who enjoys proper tea."
They all laughed, Nyasha joyously, Calea hesitantly, and Bron low and soft.
"I hope the young doctor is all right," Bron murmured a bit later.
"I'm sure the others returned from Jalseion soon after we left," Nyasha said. "Like I said, everyone likes Eman Burdock. They'll look after him. But when communications come back, I wouldn't mind hearing from him. I’ll call or write or something."
*    *    *
To do that, though, they would have to make it to Thyrion. As happy as Calea was with her progress with the crutch, she was still slower than Bron and Nyasha. It also bothered her to realize how used she was getting to always leaning on a stick of wood. She didn’t want to get used to it. Before them, the Burnt Mountains grew, hour by hour and day by day, until they filled the horizon and dominated the sky.
As difficult as the foothills were to traverse, the mountains would be worse. Calea’s heart sank when they finally reached the foot of the nearest mountain and found themselves looking up and up and up a slope that seemed unending, bare and rocky and hostile. Nyasha calling the Burnt Mountains “lovely this time of year” had never seemed more ironic.
Nyasha fluttered around, looking for the path she remembered, muttering to herself in a way that might have been hilarious if Calea’s heart hadn’t turned into a brick at the sight of the ascent. “I know it was nearby…. Papa always said it wasn’t the easiest but it was the best. Fastest, right, that’s what you wanted?” She called this last over her shoulder to Calea.
Calea turned to Bron, who was looking up the mountain, his head craned back, with an expression of subdued dismay. It was his version of sobbing aloud in terror. They were both such tenderfoot city folk, they truly were.
“Bron, I’m not sure I can do this,” Calea admitted quietly.
He looked at her gravely. “You think perhaps the caravan might have been better?”
It stuck in her throat to admit her wrong, but after a moment, Calea jerked out a nod. “It might have been better.”
Bron didn’t look smug or satisfied at the admission, just accepting. He nodded, taking her words for the apology they were, and went back to staring up the mountain.
“I found it!” Nyasha called. She turned to face them, hitching her pack higher on her back and grinning. “It’s a good path. I knew I could find it.”
Calea and Bron made their way to her, choosing their footsteps carefully through a loose fall of pebbles and grit, and stood beside her to see what Nyasha considered “a good path.” It was wide enough for them to walk only single file, but it didn’t go straight up the slope, instead crossing the face of the mountain at a moderate angle. Some way up, it made a hairpin turn in the opposite direction, and so on up the mountain.
“It’s a switchback path,” Nyasha said, as proud as if she’d made it herself. “There aren’t any good passes through the Burnt Mountains, not for days and days in either direction, so this will take us pretty near the top before we cross over. We’ll be able to see Thyrion from above, and it’s something to see. Quite a distance away, though. Once we see it, it will still take a few days to get there.”
“We’ll be able to see the Great Well,” Calea said. “I’ve seen maps of the city. They call it the Heart of Thyrion. It was once a canyon, and it’s like a small sea in the middle of the buildings and walls.”
Nyasha nodded. “Yes. I thought it was pretty, like a huge bubble in the ground, never still.”
Calea breathed deep, shoring up her confidence and her strength, and started up the path. It wasn’t quite as impossible as Bron and Calea had feared, but by the end of the day both were worn thin. For the first time, even Nyasha looked bedraggled and weary. Nyasha had stopped adjusting the pack higher on her back, letting it droop until the straps dragged on her upper arms. 
Even so, they had made it the right distance, as evidenced by another previously used camping spot in a place Nyasha recognized, this one on a wide shelf of rock where a few hardy bushes had contrived to grow into the side of the mountain. Bron did not seem enthusiastic about sleeping in such a place. There was little chance of being ambushed here by man or beast, but they would still set a watch, one of them sitting nearer the edge while the other two slept pressed against the mountain. Small protection, but better than none.
*    *    *
From this height they looked back on the way they’d come, the foothills, the long path, the fields and orchards of the great territory, and, set within them like a pistil surrounded by petals, the city they’d left behind. Calea, Bron noticed, avoided looking there, her gaze sliding away whenever she glanced even vaguely in that direction, but Bron found the sight quite enthralling. Everyone and everything he’d ever known was down there, somewhere. It was too far away to see clearly, though. At least smoke no longer rose from Jalseion; that was something.
The next days passed similarly, the travelers winding their way up the mountain step by hard-won step. The air grew thinner, their legs stronger, their evenings more pleasant in each other’s companionship. Calea kept herself at a remove, seemingly unwilling to call Bron or Nyasha anything similar to “friend,” but unable to hide her appreciation for the company.
One night, they ate their evening meal in near silence until, when the corn and dried meat was gone, Nyasha reached into her pack and drew out something wrapped in cloth. “I think we deserve a treat,” she said, setting the cylindrical object in her lap and unwrapping the tea towels around it one by one.
Bron and Calea watched with interest as a glint of glass shone yellow in the firelight, and Nyasha lifted it up for them to see. It was a jar topped with a canning ring and lid, filled with something round and delicately yellow-orange colored.
“The last jar of my mama’s peaches,” Nyasha announced, her voice chased with a ring of sadness and pride. “Most of the jars we didn’t eat over the winter were smashed when the house fell. But I found this one, and I kept it.”
“You should save it,” Bron said quietly, understanding the importance of this small, ordinary household item. “You won’t find anything like it in Thyrion.”
“I know. But...I think she would want us to eat it now.” Nyasha wrapped her hand around the lid and twisted, releasing it with an almost inaudible pop of air pressure.
Bron swore he could smell it across the fire, in the rare, dry air of the burnt mountainside--sweet and summery and distant, the scent of spiced peaches preserved by a loving mother for the joy of her husband and daughter. Nyasha set the lid aside and reached into the jar with her fingers, retrieving a pale yellow circle that gleamed in the flickering light.
“Try them,” she held out the jar to Bron, then to Calea when he hesitated. “They’re delicious.”
Calea took the jar and propped it against her stomach with her prosthetic hand so she could reach inside with her fingers. She said nothing about the uncouthness of this, and her face showed not even a hint of condescension or indifference. Calea was accepting this extraordinary gift with the gravity and grace it deserved, and so Bron had to do the same.
When Calea had her peach half, Bron took the jar and got one for himself. They were, as promised, incredibly delicious.
They passed the jar back and forth among them until the peaches were gone. Bron and Calea listened as Nyasha talked about her mother, all the little things she did, gardening and embroidery, cooking and mending, and a thousand other tasks too many folks in the busy world took for granted. After learning so much about the girl’s papa in the constant tales she told on the trail, it was good to learn more of the other person who had made Nyasha who she was.
“I never did remember to make my bed,” Nyasha finished, with a small laugh that belied the tears in her eyes, on her cheeks. “I think I left it unmade that last day when I started toward the kitchen and my house fell down around me. But every evening when I returned home, it would be neat and tidy as always. She would have liked me to be more fastidious, but she loved me as I was.”
Calea said nothing and barely reacted to anything Nyasha said or did, but she didn’t detract from the time either, never mocking or tossing her head, and Bron was grateful for her restraint. Nyasha’s speech was a fitting eulogy for a woman he had not known but wished he had. Asha Cormorin. Brand Cormorin. Two names he would not forget, though he had never known their owners in life.
“She was a wonderful woman,” he told Nyasha. He had no right to say such a thing, but he felt he must.
“Yes.” Nyasha sniffed and rubbed a hand under her nose, then looked at him across the fire, her eyes bright. “I never found out who buried them. When I went back to the house to look for the food, I dreaded what I might find. You’ll never understand my gratitude when I saw the graves. Do you know who did it?”
Calea stirred. “It was Bron.” Her voice was absolutely certain, though Bron had never told her this. “After he brought you to Dr. Burdock, he went out again and came back hours later with dirt on his boots and bloody spots on his hands from holding a shovel.” She looked at Bron, daring him to deny it.
Bron nodded, reluctant but obedient to the demand in her eyes. He looked across to Nyasha. “It was not my place. But I had to do it.”
“Thank you.” She smiled, fresh tears pouring down her dark cheeks, sparkling in the firelight. “Thank you.”
They all, even Bron, slept soundly that night, perched high up on the mountainside and protected from the elements only by a few scraggly sprigs of greenery and a carefully banked fire. Tomorrow they would reach the summit of the path.
Chapter 11: The View Beyond
Nyasha panted, pushing herself up the last few minutes of climb. This was not the top of the mountain--not even close--but here the shoulders of two mountains rubbed together, allowing travelers to pass through to the other side of the range. She was excited to see the sight she had not viewed for several years: the plain north of the Burnt Mountains, and the enormous city of Thyrion sprawled like a bustling anthill stretching almost as far as one could see from east to west. From such a height, looking down on the greatest city in the world filled with its millions of people and buildings and vehicles, and especially the sparkling, colorful expanse of Thyrion’s Well, was like being a bird soaring high in the sky, looking down on all the world. At least for as long as one could bear to look at the dizzying spectacle, it was.
She topped the rise and halted, catching herself against a boulder as she took it in. As she’d hoped, there were no clouds or fog to obscure the entirety of the sight. The city was the anthill she remembered--grand, full, humming with activity. But the skyline seemed different even at first glance, though she did not take time to understand why. A thin black line, like a thread from this distance, stretched from the city into the plains south of the city, and it took her a moment to realize that it was people. People all going into and out of Thyrion, an unending line of them.
It took her a moment to notice, to understand, because her attention was dominated by something else. The Heart of Thyrion, the Great Well, the place that had shimmered and sparkled when she’d last seen it, like a many-faceted diamond... It was a crater, blasted and pitted and warped. It was empty. It was gone.
Nyasha couldn’t understand it. Calea had been so certain, she’d been so sure…. She’d said so many times that all she had to do was just get there, just get to Thyrion, and then she’d be able, she’d be able to...
“Nyasha, how does it look?” Bron called behind her.
Nyasha turned around, her eyes wide and staring, her mouth opening to push the two Jalseians back. To tell them to stay still, to wait, let her try to fix this before they got up here. But there was nothing to say and nothing to do. So she closed her mouth and just looked at them, both struggling up the path. For once Calea had taken Bron’s arm, letting him help her, she was so eager to reach the top. Nyasha could not bring herself to dash the hope shining bright in Calea’s face; she couldn’t make herself be the one to do it.
If they noticed her lack of response, the two didn’t show it, busy pushing themselves to the summit. Then they reached it, and they paused, standing beside Nyasha at the crest. They looked below at the devastation of Thyrion, the crater where the Well had been, and the bright day and blue sky shattered in Calea’s eyes.
For an instant she stood there, silent, her breath and movement stolen. The journey till now had been taxing and difficult beyond anything the once-wealthy Guide of Jalseion had ever endured, but none of it compared to this. Nyasha watched Calea’s face crumble, devastated as Thyrion was devastated, and then Calea’s leg buckled and she let herself fall to the ground.
Bron caught her arm, guiding her descent so she didn’t hurt herself, and Calea sat in the dust and let go. She began to weep, helpless, hopeless, grief-stricken. She did not hide her face in her hands or try to control it in any way, but just sat there, rocking slightly, staring at Thyrion and letting the tears roll.
Bron stood stiff and awkward, holding her hand. He started to stroke it like a kitten, his stricken face making it clear that he didn’t know what else to do. There was nothing else he could do, truly.
Nyasha hesitated, remembering a night when she had cried like this, sitting in a chair by a window in the Sanctuary’s dormitory. Calea had been harsh, and Nyasha had been shocked, then angry later when she was able to think about it. Even then her anger had been more for Bron than herself, though. Calea had been so ceaselessly rude to the faithful Bron that Nyasha, raised by her mother to be polite and kind, had trouble seeing past it.
But this Calea was not quite the same as that one, Nyasha believed. This Calea had traveled on a hard and rocky road; she’d seen a man die and had been deeply affected by it and had begged Bron not to put himself at risk. This Calea had listened while Nyasha talked about her papa and mama and never again told her that they didn’t matter, that their deaths didn’t matter, that Nyasha’s grief didn’t matter. This Calea had been hurt, deeply and irrevocably, by circumstances beyond her control. Now, Nyasha could see past her rudeness and arrogance to something beyond, though she wasn’t sure what it was.
So Nyasha knelt beside the weeping woman in the dirt and put a hand on her shoulder. “It’s all right,” she said. “It’ll be all right. We’ll figure something out.”
Calea sobbed harder, but she did not pull away. She let Nyasha offer the comfort Calea had not offered her.
Nyasha had left her old town hoping to find another family. Her parents were dead and no one in Averieom had any hold on her, so she had come here, to this mountain, hoping that somewhere she would find someone she cared about and who cared about her. Cousins, aunts and uncles, maybe a grandparent. There had to be someone in Thyrion who would be sad to hear that Brand and Asha Cormorin were dead, who would take her in and let her earn a place with them.
She had not realized that she might find what she was looking for along the way, whether she wanted to or not. With a big, quiet man who made her feel as sheltered as a baby in a basket, with an arrogant Select who made her angry and challenged both her heart and her mind. Nyasha hadn’t meant to find them, but she had.
Calea continued to weep. Nyasha rubbed her shoulder. Bron watched over them both with unfathomable sadness.
It wasn’t safe and it wasn’t comfortable and it wasn’t anything like normal, but there it was. Thyrion was below and Jalseion was behind them, and the view beyond the mountains was troubled and busy and torn by great calamity. And Nyasha was sure now that she belonged nowhere else.

The End of
The Doctor's Assistant
About the Author
Laura Fischer is a writer, editor, and consumer of pudding from Northeast Indiana. The oldest of eight children, she has been telling stories and writing them down since before she knew the alphabet (her first story was just scribbles in a notebook, but she knew what they meant). She also enjoys playing piano and singing, making music playlists for her writing, editing the occasional fanvid, writing fanfiction, playing tabletop games, and just generally being a big nerdy dork on the internet. You can find her other works at laurabfischer.com, or under the name maychorian or Laura of Maychoria in various corners of the web.
