STOLEN
Bloodthorn Series
Book One
Adam Collins
Copyright © 2014 Adam Collins
All rights reserved.
















Dedicated, with love, to my family.



































Cover Art by: http://thepockyfox.deviantart.com/?rnrd=118588


















Table of Contents
Prologue
Ch 1 Revenge
Ch 2 Stolen
Ch 3 Treason
Ch 4 From Bad to Worse
Ch 5 Old Friends
Ch 6 Dark Deeds
Ch 7 A High Cost
Ch 8 Order Restored
Ch 9 Dark Emissary
Ch 10 Hidden Dangers
Ch 11 Ruby Red Wine
Ch 12 Instruction
Ch 13 Sanctuary
Ch 14 Eastgate
Ch 15 Hard Lessons
Ch 16 Swamp Fever
Ch 17 Saved by the Devil
Ch 18 Briefing
Ch 19 Ash
Ch 20 Ransom
Ch 21 The Smell of Death
Ch 22 Bal-Karesh
Ch 23 Making a Stand
Ch 24 Password
Ch 25 Lost Memories
Ch 26 Divide and Conquer
Ch 27 A Delightful Diversion


Prologue
Amberlay stopped the horse and stared back at the mountains. Flashes of light flared and died in testament to the desperate fight taking place. Artatan her love and Grifwen the dwarf mage stood alone in the pass holding back the Karesh search party, giving her the time needed to escape.  
Tears flowed down her cheeks. She would have been by his side at the end but for the babe kicking wildly in her womb. The Benteer Mountains of Northern Jarro were cold even in Summer. It was now mid-Winter. Snow covered the peaks and passes between, magnifying the moonlight, lending the dark a gentler twilight hue. She spurred the horse on. After an hour, the pass opened onto the lower reaches of the mountain from where she could see for many miles out into the flat grasslands of the Northern Plain. All was still and dark. A pinprick of light miles away, the only sign of habitation.  
The muscles of her lower back and groin contracted. She gripped the horse's mane and gasped for breath. At length the pain passed and she continued. The flashes on the mountain top were growing dimmer. His strength was ebbing. She knew it would not be long. There was little hope of concealing her tracks in the deep snow, her only hope now lay in finding sanctuary. The Karesh were relentless. They had tracked them from Timberland North, and all the many miles between, to this lonely and desolate place. Untiring, ruthless, remorseless, killers in league with the enemy of all. They would show little mercy.  
The horse was at the last of his strength. Leaning forward she placed her hands on the sides of his neck. A gentle light flowed refreshing and energising tired muscles, sore limbs. He leapt forward renewed his strength replenished. The light of the dwelling was closer though still far off. There was a last flash of light high up in the pass.  
With head hung low, she urged the horse onward, away from the mountains, and away from Artatan. The pains returned with vigour, pulsing, squeezing, robbing her of breath. Sweat trickled down brow and back, she felt no cold. Away from the slopes, the snow dept lessened and she hurried the horse to a trot. The pains were regular and strong. She was running out of time.  
 
The convent rested peacefully in the solitude of the northern hills. The sisters were self reliant, their lives dedicated to prayer and inner contemplation. Mother Superior Thronso was at her desk finishing a letter to the head of the order. It was very late. The rest of the nuns were fast asleep in their beds. Loud banging at the main door startled her. Picking up a candle, she rose from her seat and walked out into the dark cold hallway outside her office door. More urgent banging followed. She arrived at the door just as two other nuns appeared from their cells. 
Sister Magilla looked frightened, 'Whoever could that be at this late hour, Mother?' She was wide eyed and her hands were up to her cheeks. 
'There's only one way to find out, Sister. Open the door!' ordered the Mother Superior. 
'But, Mother, what if it's a beast, or worse?' 
'Beasts don't knock at doors, child. Now open it and let's have a look at this late night caller!' 
Magilla pulled back the bolt and eased the door open. Amberlay fell onto the stone floor of the hall. She was curled into a ball, having strong contractions. The veins of her neck bulged and her face was a deep red. Magilla screamed as Amberlay suddenly appeared at her feet.  
'Hush, Sister!' admonished the Mother Superior, 'Can't you see that it's a woman. And in the last stages of labour by the look of her. Quickly now help me bring her into your cell.'  
The two nuns helped Amberlay into the warm bed that Magilla had only recently vacated.  
The Mother Superior turned to the second nun, 'Sister Odetta! Go wake, Sister Freena, and tell her we need her expertise. Then bring hot water and towels. Go now, quickly!' She ushered the young nun out of the room and closed the door. 
Magilla was standing awkwardly to one side fidgeting with her hands.  
'Don't just stand there like a nincompoop, Sister. Get some drinking water!' ordered Mother Thronso.  
Magilla jumped, then nodded, and opened the door to leave. 
'And bring a big basin while you are at it! And bars of soap! she called after Magilla's retreating back. 
Amberlay was grunting and gasping for air. 
Mother Thronso knelt beside the bed and rubbed her forehead. 'Easy, child, you will be okay now. Everything will be just fine.' 
Sister Freena burst through the door. She was a heavy nun of middling years and well used to tending the sick and delivering babies in the small villages of the district. 'I came as soon as I was told, Mother,' she blustered, 'how much time is there between contractions?' 
'About two minutes, Sister.' 
'Then she is almost ready,' Freena pulled back the blankets covering Amberlay. 
Three hours later a baby's cry echoed through the halls of the old nunnery. The Mother Superior cleaned the child as Sister Freena tended to the patient. Amberlay smiled as the boy was placed in her arms. She kissed his head and her tears flowed.  
'Congratulations, my dear, you have a healthy son. Have you chosen a name?' asked Mother Thronso. 
'Yes…Brinn. After his grandfather,' Amberlay stroked his wispy black hair. Her tears dropped down onto the baby's face making him blink and turn away. 
'And what of the father, my dear. Who is it we should contact?' 
Amberlay looked up at the faces of the smiling nuns. Magilla was cooing at the baby and Freena was pouring a glass of water for her to drink. 'I can't thank you all enough for what you have done to help me.' 
The nuns all smiled and nodded. 
'Please don't be offended. I would like to speak to Mother Thronso alone.' 
The two nuns simply straightened and inclined their heads in acceptance before leaving the two women alone. 
Amberlay looked down at her son's face. His eyes were dark brown, almost black, just like Artatan, but his hair was like her's, raven black. 'I'm afraid that I have placed you all in great danger, Mother.' 
The old nun's face became serious, 'How so, child?' 
'Creatures of the dark, even now, track me here to this place. They will show little restraint if they arrive and find me here. 
'Our walls and doors are strong and will not easily be breached.' 
'Your doors will not be a hindrance to those that follow. They will smite them in a trice. I must leave your midst immediately.' 
'You are in no condition to travel! And what of the newborn? He will not survive the cold.' 
Amberlay hugged Brinn close to her and kissed his head again. Fresh tears dropped, 'Will you take him into your care, Mother? I wouldn't ask if I was not at my last. Whence I go he cannot travel.' 
'Is there no other way, child? What of the baby's father?' 
'Dead upon the mountain, his head, a trophy, hanging from a Karesh saddle.' 
The old nun sat back on her haunches for a moment, 'I would argue, but I see the truth of your words in your eyes. I am sorry for your pain. I will protect your babe as if he were my very own.' 
Amberlay's body shook as she sobbed, 'Thank you, Mother.' 
 
Amberlay retrieved her saddlebags and gave the old nun two bags of gold coin of unknown mint. Then she donned her armour. Belted on her sword. Strapped a quiver of arrows to her back, and held a bow in her left hand. She was transformed. A warrior's steel shone in her eyes. 
'I go now, Mother, but I will not return. Love him as I would have.' 
The Mother Superior held Brinn in her arms. 
Amberlay took a strange gold medallion of a crouching panther from her bags and placed it inside the baby's blanket. 'For when he comes of age.'  
'I understand. He will be safe have no fear.' 
'There's one thing more that you must do, Mother.' 
'By all means, child, speak it.' 
'They will smell my scent upon his skin and come here. You must bring him into your deepest cellar and surround him with herbs and strong smelling flowers. Thorn-Root would be best. They cannot abide its fragrance.' 
'I will see to it.' 
Amberlay bent down and kissed her son one last time. Then sprang up into her saddle, 'I will lead them a merry dance and extract a heavy price before I am done.' 
'Go with the blessings of the gods, child. I hope we will meet again.' 
'Not in this life, Mother.' She turned the horse and rode out of the courtyard and into the hills and never returned.  
Over the following weeks farmers found grave-mounds all along the route, she had taken. Some were opened. They contained the bodies of foul looking wicked creatures never before seen in the lands of Jarro. But Amberlay was never seen again. 
High up on the mountain a Karesh Chieftain lead what was left of his company back across the Benteer Pass. Tied to his saddle were three heads. One was a dwarf, the others were not. The young lovers were together again.








Chapter 1. Revenge

Lord Darrik's Fortress 
Year 540 Mur-ro.

The walls of the Keep were a miserably cold and lonely place to be. Especially at night when every shadow and dark corner warned of hidden dangers. Drizzly rain swept up and down the walkway swirling and twisting in the wind until it seemed to come from every direction at once.  
Gaf hated sentry duty. He hated it with every fibre of his sinewy old body. He had been in Lord Darrik's employ for ten years and before that an infantryman for the King. His many battle wounds had long healed leaving ragged scars. Little badges of honour each with its own story.  
Stories that grew in magnitude and splendour depending, that is, on how much ale had been consumed and, of course, on who was listening at the time of telling. He would finally retire in six months. The master said he could have the little cottage down by the river rent free for his years of good service.  
The master was a fair man. Gaf nodded. But harsh too when needed. Like the time he'd caught him asleep while on duty. He hadn't been with Darrik long. Just a year. Sweat moistened his brow at the memory. "Kicked me all the ways down the length o' the parapet an' down them steps to the dungeon, an' personally locked me in the cells."  
'Bastard!' he mumbled, quickly followed by sheepish look over his shoulder in panic at his slip. Satisfied he was truly alone a long slow breath escaped his lips. "There really weren't a need for it. A simple, warnin' would have been enough. An' on top o' that accusin' me o' bein' drunk too!"  
'Okay so I had a few nips, but only to ward off the cold,' he mumbled, then reddened as the real memory screamed a protest somewhere in the back of his mind.  
A week in the cells peeling potatoes for the cook was the punishment, but once served no more was said about it. Darrik didn't brood on a once off mistake as long as the lesson was learnt. "No. When all were said an' done, his temper aside, the master's a good man to soldier for." Gaf nodded again in recognition.  
"Though dark o' late for the loss o' his new young wife." She had been a pretty one. One of the prettiest old Gaf had ever seen. "The men was always talkin' about her. Such a tragedy though the way she went. Some say she slipped. Then again some say she jumped. Grimbal the blacksmith said he heard she were pushed. Shame really. Such a loss. An' so young. Much too young for the master I would have though. She weren't more 'an twenty. So how much older is he? Let me work it out. Let's see. He's somewheres atween fifty and sixty. So how much's 'at?"  
'Ah damnation!' he shook his head in frustration. Gaf wasn't much good with numbers that went higher than twenty. "It's too much anyways! I knows 'at," he thought  
It was time to walk the wall again. Every fifteen minutes up and down he would go. There really was no shelter from the rain tonight, but he couldn't get much wetter than he already was. So with a little grunt Gaf pushed himself upright and away from the tower wall that he had been leaning against for support.  
'Oh me achin' bones!' he grumbled, hefting up his shield and spear. 'If I didn't know no better I'd swear these damn things is gettin' heavier.' he moaned, walking at a steady pace down the cruelly exposed walkway.  
The gusts were stronger out away from the protection of the tower. Gaf squinted against the stinging droplets. "Bout 'nother hundred paces to the next tower I wager. Then a quick rest an' back again." He shook his head forlornly. No, he definitely was not going to miss tramping the walls on cold wet nights like tonight. His thoughts drifted to the cottage by the stream. Painting a wonderful scene his mind whisked him off on a fanciful flight while his feet stepped along in long practiced cadence without missing a beat.  
Gaf didn't notice the first sign that danger was at hand. A slight scraping noise was followed by a heavy meaty thump against the outside of the Keep wall. To his credit he did hear the second meaty thump and stopped dead in his tracks. Years of military training snapped him into action. His shield raised and spear lowered in one fluid movement, 'Who goes there?' 
No-one answered. The wind gusted past his ears momentarily impeding his hearing, 'Who goes there?' he said again, but louder this time and with more conviction.  
'Show yourself now friend or face the consequence! Last chance!' Gaf's heart was pounding in his ears so loudly that he was sure it could be heard in the very bowels of the fortress. Again his order went unanswered.  
Gaf glared at the creneling where the sound had come from. The wall of the Keep was over seventy feet high. His imagination saw a line of attackers scaling them on long spindly ladders. "But what if it be...just me imagination?" he wondered. He could shout an alarm to the Watch Sergeant below and the whole garrison would be on the walls in seconds.  
"But what if it's your bloomin' imagination you old toad!" his hesitant mind warned.  
Slowly Gaf edged towards the outside wall on the balls of his feet trying to see over the rim, but to no avail. 'Damn yer short arse!' he growled. It was no use he still couldn't see a thing beyond the rim of the wall.  
Inching forward he finally reached the edge. With shield up and spear held aloft he quickly looked over the side. Half expecting to see a ladder full of enemy soldiers he gritted his teeth and put on his most fearsome snarl. But there was nothing. Rain-water ran freely down the outside of the wall, into the blackness of the night, and beyond his ability to see.  
'Nothin' you blitherin' idiot,' he chided, 'there's nothin' there.' Just then Gaf noticed a movement to his left out of the corner of his eye. A dark mass seemed attached to the very stone of the wall. The mass moved and a head looked up. Gaf did not get a chance to scream as a fist cracked his jaw. He would dream for a few hours. The shadow slinked over the wall and dragged the guard's unconscious frame into a dark corner and tied him up. 
'Sleep well, friend,' the shadow smiled and patted the old soldiers head. 
Brinn Thronso was born with abilities. He could scale any building. Had incredible eye-sight even at night, unnatural strength, and the agility of a cat. The army found good use for those attributes. Brinn became a member of the most feared and respected group of soldiers in Jarro. The Pathfinders were legendary and he was their best. They changed his name. Now, he was simply called Panther. Assassinations, spying, or simply killing enemy soldiers the Pathfinders were the elite. They were sword masters and experts in hand to hand combat. They were fiercely loyal to the King and to each other. But tonight Panther was not acting on orders. Tonight...it was personal. 
Brinn crept noiselessly along the upper wall of the Keep and down the winding stairs toward the guards sleeping area. Finding the room vacant he opened the door and carefully peered out. The corridor was empty and dark. Turning right he headed for the stairs to the lower level. Just as he was about to descend two heavily armed soldiers came tramping up towards him. In a flash he scampered up towards the ceiling and wedged himself in the darkened corner at the joining of two walls.  
The guards saw nothing and passed by oblivious to his presence. As they disappeared from view he dropped down and descended the stairs towards Darrik's private chambers. Oil lamps lit the way. One every ten paces or so. Brinn eased his way along quenching the lamps as he went.  
"Much better. Nice and dark, the way I like it," he thought. Coming to a bend he pulled out a small mirror and held it so that he could see around the corner. 'Good there's the door to the master bedchamber,' he whispered, 'and not a guard in sight.'  
Slipping the mirror back into his pocket he quietly crept down to the door and listened. The sound of snuffling snores carried through the heavy wood. Trying the handle and finding it locked, he retrieved a lock-pick from his belt probed the workings. "This is where the skill comes in," he smirked. It only took a few seconds. The door lock was not a very good one. "A two year old could have opened it with a swaddling pin. Not really much of a challenge at all," he thought as he slipped inside.  
On the bed lay a fat balding man in his mid-fifties. He was snorting and snoring in deep sleep. By the dresser lay an empty wine-jug. Brinn saw the man's face clearly in the flickering half-light of the dying fire. It was Lord Darrik, Defender of the North, cousin to the King. Brinn could feel his blood rise. This was the pig responsible for taking his woman. "My beautiful Sherii," he remembered. A large lump started to form in his throat. With great effort he forced it down deep inside. Turning his heart to black marble, cold and hard. He clamped his hand over Darrik's mouth. The Defender of the North immediately awoke and tried to fight off his attacker, but the man had inhuman strength.  Outmatched and powerless to resist, Darrick quickly surrendered.
'Do you know who I am?' asked Brinn. 
Darrik shook his head vigorously. 
'I am going to remove my hand. If you call out you die! Is that clear?' 
Darrik nodded his understanding. 
Brinn removed his vice-like grip. 
'Who are you? What do you want of me? If it's money...I'm not a rich man, but you can have whatever I've got,' whined Darrik. 
'I don't want your money you scum sucking toad!' 
Darrik blinked in shock at Brinn's venomous tone, 'The King would pay a mighty ransom for my safe return. I...I am his cousin. He would not forsake me. After all...we are family.' 
'If you mention the King's name again I will tear out your tongue with my bare hands! Do you hear me?' Panther hissed. 
'I don't understand,' whined Darrik, 'what then is it that you want with me?' 
Brinn remained silent for a long moment, staring blankly at the dying embers in the fireplace. 'What I want...you cannot give.'  
'So why then are you here?' 
'I'm a lonely traveller of the night in search of answers. Give them to me and I will be gone.' 
'Answers to what? Tell me. I will happily help you my friend.' Darrik was feeling a little more relaxed, and sat up in the bed. 
'To life...and death. I have recently lost a loved one.' 
'Ah, then we are kindred brothers. For I have also had a loss...you see...my wife...she also passed recently.' 
'Really...please tell me more. It may help me in my grief.' 
'It's a tragedy...she jumped from that very window there.' Darrik pointed to the long slit window in the wall. 
'A sad loss. How many years were you together?' 
'Oh not long. It was our wedding night.' Darrik laughed nervously 
'How truly terrible. Were you in the room when she jumped, friend?' 
'Why, yes I was...but not conscious, you understand. It had been a very vigorous night,' Darrik winked. 
'Of course. It was your wedding night. She must have been very...enthusiastic?' 
'No, not really. But some wenches need a firm hand. You know the type. You would do likewise I think, eh? he laughed again. 
In a movement that was a blur. Brinn drove a knife into Darrick's mouth right up to the hilt and pinned his head to the ornate wooden headboard. Darrik died with a look of shock and fear frozen on his face. 
Brinn looked into the dying man's eyes and watched as the last sparks of life died away. 'No, I wouldn't,' he whispered at last. 
He paused, looked at the window for a long moment, and then left.





2. Stolen

541 Mur-ro

An alliance of eastern nations under the leadership of Sulan AL-Imri was sweeping west subjugating all before it. The western nations of Amaran and Anvar had already fallen and Jarro was next in line. The war had raged for almost fifteen years. E'Ben was neutral but Prince Raltu, heir to the throne, had been secretly negotiating behind his ailing father's back. His price to aid Jarro, marriage to the beautiful Princess Megan. Though unhappy about the arrangement, King Fredrik Elamere had little choice. He desperately needed E'Ben's army. Both Jarro and the Eastern Alliance armies were locked in a death grip from which only one side would emerge victorious. Princess Megan's carriage sped along the Deel to Roat road on her way to a meeting with the prince heir of E'Ben. Two hundred lancers of her personal bodyguard assured her safety. A terrible weight had been placed upon her young shoulders. This meeting had to be a success. The fate of tens of thousands of her countrymen's lives depended on it. 
 
'Column halt!' said Colonel Artam. Thirty years of military experience gave him a sort of sixth sense about situations, and he didn't like what he was presently feeling one little bit. It was his responsibility to get the princess to the town of Em'Ben, just inside the E'Ben border, and back home again safely. 
    'Sir, orders?' a voice just behind his left shoulder inquired. It was Major Udal, a tough and competent officer new to the battalion, handpicked by Artam himself. 
     Ahead the road cut through the densely wooded hills known locally as The Belt. The Belt ran in a semi-circle east and west of Deel. Of course they could go around, but it would mean backtracking for twenty miles and add another day to the trip. Not an option, Artam decided. 
     'Major, take a patrol ahead and scout the way. The column will follow.' 
     'Sir!' Udal snapped off a crisp salute and wheeled away, 'Captain Ilan, Lieutenant Kallen, with me! First twenty-five, by the twos, forward!' snarled Ulam as he set off at a trot immediately followed by his twenty five man patrol, pristine in their gleaming ceremonial breastplates. 
     Artam waited until the patrol was almost out of sight before ordering the column to advance. The road ahead disappeared into a wooded valley. 'That's where I would do it,' he mumbled to himself, shuddering at the thought of being attacked in such a desolate and lonely place. 
The polished black exterior of the carriage reflected the mid afternoon rays, highlighting the gold leaf and trim of the royal coat of arms on its delicately engraved doors. Inside, Princess Megan and companion Lady Anabel N'Dhun sat wearily looking out the windows at the unending and seemingly unchanging view.  
     'Thank goodness we're moving again. We've been cooped up in this carriage for so long, I can no longer feel my bottom,' Anabel moaned. 
     'How much further do you think it is to Em'Ben, Highness?' 
     Megan stared blankly out the window, lost in thought, her mind firmly fixed on her meeting with the Prince Regent of E'Ben. She had met him once before and cared little for him. He was small, not very good looking, and boorish. He treated his court officials and hangers-on in a rude, offhand way, and was much too fond of his hunting and drinking.  
     He was not the type of man she would have normally accepted as a suitor, but these were not normal times, and she had no choice. Her father had made it clear. Jarro was in serious trouble, and the war was not going well. Too many lives had been lost and now there was no-one left to replace them. If the situation did not change soon, the front-line would collapse within six months.  
     The consequence did not bare thinking about. AL-Imri would wreak a terrible revenge on Jarro for resisting for so long. He was a fanatic with a lust for conquest who had gathered his great army and set them loose against Jarro, the only free nation still unwilling to submit to his rule. They would not be happy until every city, town, and village lay as smouldering rubble, and the survivors sold at the slave markets of Mabak-Var. 
     'Highness?' 
     'What's that? I'm sorry Anabel. I was miles away. What were you saying?' 
     'I was just wondering how much further it was to the town?' Anabel smiled, flicking her long hair back from her face.  
     Anabel was an exceedingly pretty young woman. She had long blond hair like Megan, though not quite as long or full, and blue eyes to Megan's green. At a distance it was hard to tell them apart, but up close there was no comparison. Megan had a stunning natural beauty. She was kind and good hearted, but could be as sharp and hard as steel if the need arose. She was her father's daughter and a worthy heir to the throne.  
     'Another half day. Ten hours at least,' answered Megan. 
     'Oh divine heaven, no! Don't say it's so. I don't think I can take much more of this jigging about,' huffed Anabel, while stuffing another of the perfume-scented cushions under her bottom. 
     'It's best to keep your mind busy, Ana. Read your book or watch the scenery.' 
     'My book is dull and the scenery is twice so. Except--' she stopped. 'Except for that handsome captain of the guard back there,' she winked then craned her head to try to get a better view of the young man riding close to the carriage in all of his sparkling finery. 
     'Hmm, sits a horse well don't you think, Meg.' The young women were cousins and had been friends since childhood, so when alone their conversation had that natural informality that closeness brings.  
     'You're a bawdy letch, Anabel N'Dhun!' squealed a laughing Megan, hitting her friend with one of the many cushions that were lying about. 
     'Whatever do you mean, Highness? I'm simply an admirer of good form and military correctness!' Anabel feigned indignation. 
     'Hmm...of course,' Megan gave Anabel one of her - I don't believe a word you are saying - looks.  
     'Big strong thighs, I bet,' Anabel grinned mischievously and shrieked as she ducked another flying cushion. 
 
The column slowly made its way along the wooded road. It was not a very wide road, and the trees on either side were closely packed, causing an unnatural darkness. Sweet smelling pine-sap infused the tranquil air with a rich, succulent, fragrance. An eerie silence had descended making the itch between Artam's shoulder blades insufferable. Something was amiss and he didn't like it. The road wound on and on. As they turned each new bend he expected to see the patrol returning to make report on what lay ahead. But there was still no sign, and he was getting concerned.  
     Midges and Blackfly swarmed the troops and their horses, driving both to distraction. The air was thick with them. There was simply no refuge from the biting little pests as the torment continued unabated. 
    'Gods be damned, but they are the devil's own creation,' swore Captain Mor while feverishly slapping his face and neck. 
     'This? This is nothing! Just a momentary inconvenience. You should have been with us in Gantu in 511,' smirked Artam. ' Six months of pure hell. Trekking through swampy hellholes cleaning out slavers and pirates. The Midges and Mosquitoes attacked in military formation. Battalion after battalion. Great big black clouds--' His words were cut short by the impact of a crossbow bolt. 
     Artam flew backwards over his horse's rump and onto the ground. The first volley killed half the troop. All around him his men were dying. It was a massacre pure and simple. The bolts, at such close range, sliced through the lancers breastplates like glowing embers through parchment.  
     The normally deadly efficient lancers were trained to fight at the gallop and in open country. Not on a small, confined, heavily wooded road. All of the officers were either dead or mortally wounded. Artam lay in the ferns at the side of the road watching in horror as his men were cut to pieces. The sergeants tried to rally those still left standing and sallied on foot. But now heavily outnumbered they were easily beaten back. A few brave men tried to turn the carriage around so that the Princess might escape. But one of the horses was killed, stranding the coach diagonally across the road.  
The last thing Artam saw just before he died was a bear-sized man with a big black beard, dressed in dark leather armour and furs, stepping from the undergrowth and roaring in triumph. Artam lay on his back looking up at the swaying branches of a pine tree feeling his life slipping away.  
His last thoughts were for his princess, and the shame that he felt at having failed her, "You old fool!" he thought. "You should have gone the long way around--"




3. Treason

Major Antillus Brok was a tough and uncompromising commander who led his men from the front, and could generally be found in the thick of the most frenzied fighting. Fierce grey eyes 'neath thick graying hair, set him apart from most. Few held his steely gaze for long. Those who knew, likened it to the cold fixed glare of a large predator, a snow leopard or a half tame wolf. A strong square jaw and heavily built shoulders gave pause to even the toughest. If that was not enough, a deep frown now darkened his normally dour countenance, further twisting his features beyond what could be described as human. He should be at the front with his men, but instead found himself making for the Pathfinder headquarters in Kan-Ta by order of General Chael.  
The message he'd received had been short and succinct. "Return to headquarters immediately. Bring three of your best men. Signed General Drogo Chael." Something was up and it must be important to drag him all the way back to the capital when every man was needed at the front.  
Less than 48 hours and four horses later, here he was loping up the steps of the Pathfinder officer barracks. The guards at the Main door, resplendent in their Pathfinder dress uniforms of green and blue, snapped to attention as he approached.  
Just behind them stood the officer of the watch. 'Good evening, sir. Can I be of assistance?' inquired the lieutenant. 
'Evening. Major Brok to see General Chael. I'm expected,' Brok handed over his identity papers and orders to the young lieutenant. 
'Very good, sir. Everything seems to be in order. The General is waiting for you. Do you need directions?' 
'I know the way.' 
The Lieutenant saluted again and opened the door. 
Chael's office was up the stairs and to the left. Outside its solid grey doors stood two sentries. Brok walked to the door. The two men snapped to attention as he turned the brass handle and pushed the door open. Inside, the general's secretary was sitting at his desk. He immediately stood and saluted as Brok entered the room. 
'Sir, it's good to see you again,' Sergeant Mangra had served under Brok until losing a leg. 
'Sergeant, it's good to see you too. It's been a while,' Brok casually returned the sergeant's salute. 
'Yes, sir. Three years since this,' Mangra rapped his knuckles against his leg. Its dull report like a rat-a-tat on the a cheap wood. 'I got the Silver Falcon for it, sir.'  
'I recommended you for Falcon with gold arrows. But I suppose they only give those to those who are severely injured in the line of duty,' Brok couldn't hide the smirk.  
The sergeant knew his old commander was gently ribbing him and there was no offence intended, 'Thank you, sir. In fact I've been thinking of requesting a posting back to the front. I fancy another crack at getting those gold arrows,' he laughed. 'If you will just take a seat for a moment, I'll let the General know you are here,' he indicated a line of chairs against the wall. 
Brok sat and crossed his legs.  
The sergeant opened one side of a set of burnished oak double doors. 'Major Brok to see you, sir.' 
There was a muffled response. 
'You can go in now, sir,' the sergeant held the door open and closed it behind Brok after he had entered the general's office. 
 
'Antillus, it's good to see you again,' the general walked over and warmly grasped Brok's hand. 
'And you, sir.'  
'Care for a brandy, Major?' Chael sauntered towards a well-stocked drinks cabinet. 
'Thank you, sir.' 
'I imagine you've had a long trip?' added the general. 'Take a seat, I'll bring it over.' 
'Yes, sir. The roads are busy of late. Many are abandoning their homes and fleeing to the west. It would seem, bad news travels quickly.'  
'Indeed. There is little cheer these days. You can't blame them really, I'd do the same in their shoes, if I'm honest,' Chael passed a half-filled brandy glass to his friend, and sat on the edge of his desk. There was a short silence. "How bad are things at the front?" 
'Very bad.' 
'Go on.' 
'The troops are surviving on half rations, and have been for a year. We have little or no supplies. Sickness stalks the rear areas like a ravenous beast. Cholera is so rampant that the injured men feel they are better off staying on the lines rather than chance going to the aid stations. The enemy is getting stronger, while we get weaker. Even the Pathfinders is filled with new young faces. Most of the old guard are dead or crippled. Frankly, it's a complete mess, sir. We need a miracle,' Brok downed the brandy in one gulp and stared at his feet. 
Chael shifted uncomfortably on the desk. 'I knew it was bad, but... Let's just say, you know how to paint a picture, and it's not a pretty one.' 
'No, sir.' 
The general stared silently into his brandy. 
'Sir?' 
'Yes, Major.' 
'If I may be direct. Why was I ordered back?' 
The general took a deep breath, 'What I tell you now is a supreme secret. What you hear next must go with you to your grave. Understood?' 
'Yes, of course,' Brok sat up in his seat. 
'Three days ago a diplomatic mission to E'Ben was attacked on the Deel to Roat road by Gantu slavers. The reason for the mission, to finalise a treaty that would ally E'Ben and Jarro. Prince Ralto and Princess Megan were to be married thus uniting our two nations under one banner. Princess Megan is missing, believed captured by the marauders. Prince Ralto, to his credit, has mobilised his army and shut down all border crossings into Anvar from E'Ben. But we suspect that the raiders have retreated back into Gantu through the Benteer Pass.
Though we have no proof at present, we strongly suspect that Sulan AL-Imri is involved.' 
'I see! And my mission?' 
'Find Princess Megan and rescue her, or failing that...kill her.' 
'Sir?' 
'She cannot fall into the hands of the enemy, if she does all will be lost. The King is weak when it comes to his daughter.' 
'Am I to understand, the King knows nothing about this?' 
'We have a higher responsibility to our nation, Antillus. AL-Imri is renowned for his callous disregard for life. His followers live in abject fear of his displeasure, for it is without cause or rational. All perceived slights, punished beyond merit or sanity, and double so for those who openly defy him. There would be little mercy if we capitulate. Every man, woman, and child would be put to the sword, it would be genocide. We cannot allow them to use the Princess as a weapon against us.' 
'General, this is treason!' 
'Yes it is, Major, but for the greater good.' Chael could see that Brok was close to walking out. 'If it was in your power to save your people by sacrificing your princess and you refused, would that not also constitute treason?' 
Brok stood up and walked over to the window, his mind ablaze.  
Chael walked over and stood beside him, 'We've been through much together, you and I, Antillus. I remember when you were a spirited and eager second lieutenant under my command,' he paused and smiled, 'I would not entrust this mission to anyone else. There's simply too much at stake.' Chael shook his head sadly. 
Outside the barrack walls, the city spread out into the distance. Street lamps winked on here and there in slow progression, a preparation for the fast approaching night. Brok felt trapped. On one hand, his heart demanded loyalty to the Crown, while on the other, his head agreed with the logic of Chael's argument. He stood for a long time before finally speaking. 'Okay, I'll do it.' 
'Thank you, Antillus. Believe me, I'm as unhappy as you that it comes to this.' 
'Wait, General, I have a condition.' 
The general blinked, 'And that is?' 
'I want Brinn Thronso released.' 
'That could be difficult in the circumstances. After-all he murdered the King's cousin.' 
'Panther may be the only chance we have of getting her out alive. Either he is in, or I am out. I will use any means at my disposal to return her safely. Now it's your turn for the hard call, General. So what's it to be?' 
Chael mopped his brow before answering. 'Okay, I'll see what I can do.' 
Brok turned to leave. 
'Antillus, one thing more.' 
'Sir?' 
'Your men cannot know of the second part. They must never know that the Princess may have to be...well...'  
'General, if they did, they'd gut me and leave me for the crows. And who could blame them,' Brok opened the door and left.






4. From Bad to Worse

As Megan's head began to clear her eyes opened to profound darkness. She was inside a container of some kind. The sides were concave and the air stank of stale wine. As her iris regained focus, a small air-hole, emanating a shaft of pale light, confirmed it was indeed an empty barrel. The constant rocking motion lead her to believe that she was most likely on a wagon of some sort. Outside the confines of her tiny prison she could hear muffled voices.  
Gagged, and with her hands firmly tied behind her back, there was nothing she could do. The voices were those of her captors, so there was little point, drawing their attention. Sleep encroached.
Groggy, half aware that she was awake again and staring blankly ahead, her mind returned. Memories of the last few days were hazy at best. They were drugging her, that much she remembered. Every day the same routine; the wagon would stop, the sound of approaching voices, and a blast of fresh air as the lid was removed. Dragged out, fed, watered, and allowed to relieve herself. The regimen finished off by the forced consumption of a foul-tasting grey liquid.  
The drug was powerful; causing her to vacillate between comatose, mindless delirium, semi-consciousness, and then back again in a constant unending loop. On the few occasions that clarity returned, her world was a confusing blur of twisting unfocused images before sleep swept back in to take her again. Some days were better than others. Some days she could remember the ambush; remember seeing all of those brave men dying. Those images were vivid; so much blood, so much noise, the cries of the wounded and panicked squeals of terrified rider-less horses. Careering left and then right, sensing the fear and smelling the blood, galloping for their lives. Followed, all too soon, by that terrible quiet.  
In her mind she had imagined battles lasting for hours with gallant soldiers fighting backwards and forwards, and heroes rushing to the fore slaying all in their stead. Reality was very different. One minute she was safely surrounded by handsome men in shining armour, ready to die at her command. A short few minutes later, they were all lifeless bloodied heaps.  
Then there was that huge bear of a man, with his wiry black hair and bushy beard, laughing as he dragged them out of the carriage. Tears slipped down her cheeks. She didn't try to stop them. Sleep dragged her down; this time she welcomed it.  
 A heavy jolt made the barrel sway and she banged her head hard against the side. It really hurt, but at least she was awake again. It could have been minutes, hours, days, there was no way of knowing how long she had slumbered. It was cold, her legs were numb and lifeless, her knees jammed right up under her chin. They had placed something soft on the bottom for her to sit on, but it made little difference, she was still in agony.  
The wagon was no longer moving. Rough deep voices drew closer. She felt movement as someone jumped onboard. After a few seconds of fumbling the lid was opened. Cold fresh air washed over her face. Megan inhaled the refreshing coolness, it felt so good, intoxicating, a promise of life. Stars twinkled in the night sky overhead. Her eyes began to slowly focus on those tiny little pearls, so high and free. A shadow loomed, there was a face looking down at her. It was the bearded man, and he was grinning. Her heart sank. 
 'Come on, Highness, out you come.' 
He bent down, removed her from the barrel, and placed her on the bed of the wagon. 
Anabel had also been released, and was laying curled in a ball, eyes firmly shut. 
With one hand supporting Megan's head, the bearded man slipped a blade between her bonds and severed the chords. Blood rushed back into her hands and legs in a joyous tingling rush. She was as weak as a day old babe, but free at last from the hateful ropes.
He looked at her for a moment drinking in her beauty and perfect form. 'You're a pretty one aren't you. We could have a lot of fun together, you and me.' He bent closer, smelt her neck and face, and ran his hot fetid tongue up her cheek. His breath was a rancid mixture of tobac and spicy food, a foul expulsion, onerous and repugnant.  
Megan cried out in disgust and tried to pull away but had no strength. She weakly punched the side of his head, but he just laughed. He stank of wine, stale sweat, and other vile odours, and she was completely powerless to resist his intentions. 
 'Leave her!' boomed a deep powerful voice from somewhere behind the giant. 
He turned slowly and looked. 'I wasn't goin' to cause her no mischief, m'lord. Just Grik's way of funnin', sir. No harm done.'  
The hairy brute released Megan and jumped down from the wagon-bed in one quick movement, 'Just getting her out for you as ordered. An' there she is, with not a hair touched,' his black-toothed smile failing to conceal his anger. 
'Tend your troop, Grik. I would ssspeak with her alone.' 
'Yes, Lord Alsheer.' Grik nodded and banged a fist against his chest, fear tremoring his tone.  
Megan could see why. Lord Alsheer had a strangely menacing look. He was tall but not broad, and his eyes were as black as a demon's heart. They had no pupils, just inky black emotionless ovals under hairless brows. Megan noticed that there was no hair at all anywhere on his face nor on his head from what she could see. Though the greater portion of his bulbous head lay hidden beneath the shadow of a dark cowl; his skin had a corpse-like deathly white quality. A cold shiver ran the length of her spine. Evil was at hand.  
'Sssincere apologiesss, Highnessss, for this rudimentary mode of transssport,' he spoke with a strange slow lisp. 'But we are ssshort of fineriesss at the moment, you will underssstand. That will be remedied when we reach our dessstination.' 
'And what is our destination?' 
'All in good time, Hignessss. For now, know that essscape isss pointlessss. You are no longer in your homeland. Your only hope of sssurvival lays in accepting your sssituation. Out there in the wildsss there isss only death...or worssse, for you.' 
'My friend needs help, she's sick.' 
'Jussst a ssside effect of the sssleeping potion. It will wear off sssoon. Now eat and drink and we will ssspeak again another time.' 
Alsheer clapped his hands together, turned and walked away. One of his men hurried up with a tray of food and a jug of water, and placed them on the rig bed beside her feet. Megan splashed some of water on Anabel's face causing her to open her eyes briefly. Megan held a cup up to her friend's lips, allowing little sips, as she started to wake.  
Glancing around the campsite, she watched as men moved here and there with familiar purpose. Some preparing food, others tending horses. They had stopped for the night by the side of a small stream. There was very little she could see in the darkness but the land felt alien. Alsheer had spoken true, she somehow knew that they were no longer in Jarro. 
 
'Oh my head,' groaned Anabel. 
Megan raised the cup to her friend's face again and for the first time noticed that Anabel's hair was different. Her long blond locks were gone, chopped back into a rough bob and dyed black. Her own hair was the same. Gone too were their fine clothes, replaced by roughly made breeches and shirt. Her face reddened at the thought of being stripped and redressed while unconscious. At a distance they would look like two boys or young men. "Very clever," she thought.  
A strangely dressed slightly-built man approached. 'Good evening, Highness. I am Karem Toriz. I have been assigned to you by Lord Alsheer, for both your comfort and protection. My Lord felt it prudent, you have someone at hand to watch over you while we travel these barbarian lands,' Karem gave a quick nod in the direction of Grik and his men. 
'Are these not Lord Alsheer's men?' asked Megan. 
'Heavens no, Highness. Slavers and pirates most of them. They would cut your throat in a blink if there was a profit in it.'  
'Your clothes are strange to my eyes. Silks and satins I see, but of a different cut.' 
'They would look strange to your western eyes,' he nodded. 'It is a style best known in the East, my homeland, before I was called to serve the Great One.' 
'Lord Alsheer?' 
'No,' he smiled. 'My Lord Alsheer also serves the Great One.'  
 
'So exactly who is this...Great One?' asked Anabel, finally coming fully awake. 
Karem's smile was warm, 'Some say he has been sent by the gods to unite the world and bring peace, happiness, and tranquillity to all.' 
'And his name?' Anabel raised an eyebrow. 
'Why, Sulan AL-Imri of course. Lord of the East and South; and soon...the West.' 
The women looked at each other in silence. Things had suddenly gone from bad to worse.






5. Old Friends
 
Here it is, Major, and I had a hell of a time getting it!'  
It was late, the sparsely illumed city reduced to a dapple of lantern-glow islands on a sea of black. General Chael could move surprisingly quickly for a rotund mid-sixties desk warrior. Bounding steps by the two, he ran the length of the stairway leading from the palace, holding a scroll in one hand. Chael handed Brinn's release papers to Major Brok.  
'How did he take it?' asked the Major. 
'Not very well as you can imagine. At one point I thought he was going to have me thrown in jail, for the asking alone. The King's a hard man to cajole.' 
'Thank you, General. At least now we have a fighting chance.' 
'Don't thank me yet. He is being released, on condition, into your custody. If...the mission is a success...that is, if you bring the Princess back alive; Panther gets a full pardon and reinstatement into the Pathfinders with full rank and privileges restored.' 
'And if we fail?' 
'He is to be returned to the capital to finish his sentence in full.' 
'What happens if he refuses to return?' 
'He would be labelled an enemy of the Crown and hunted mercilessly.' 
Brok smiled to himself. 
'You seem amused.' 
'It's nothing, General, just a soldier's humour,' answered Brok. 
'Indulge me.' 
'If we fail...the Crown will cease to exist.' Brok mounted, and rode away.  
Chael stood rooted, speechless, and alone.
 
The others were waiting as agreed by the prison's main gate. Pathfinders were an irreverent bunch at the best of times. Military pomposity was despised and mostly overlooked in the field. Each man earning respect by deed; that was the Pathfinder way. Captain Martam Brand was simply known as Tam. A tall slim South Jarro landowner with dark blond hair and a fair complexion; joined the Pathfinders after losing the family estate in a game of cards. Tam was fast of hand, good with a sword, and could run at speed for many miles.  
Sergeant Polom Matby, was an extremely large and muscular farmer's son. When his father's only horse died, Lom took over pulling the plough. That was the way of it for years until his father scraped together enough money to get a new horse. Lom was not the quickest nor brightest, but he could crush granite when properly motivated.  
Sergeant Ingram Rattiger, was a small and slim ferret of a man. A born pick pocket and assassin with an affinity for knives. Rat was not a man you would want walking behind you, day or night.  
Brok dismounted, walked to the main entrance of the prison and rapped on the wicket-door. A small window opened revealing a bloodshot pair eyes and the crushed upper portion of a badly broken nose. 'I'm here to collect a prisoner,' he informed the guard. 
'That so? Any chance you could be a tad more specific?'  
'I'm here for Brinn Thronso,'  
There was a pause, 'Did you say...Thronso?' 
'Yes, by order of the King,' Brok passed the prisoner release scroll through the window slot. A longer pause followed. 
'You'll have to wait, I've just sent for the Warden.' said broken-nose.  
The minutes slowly passed, finally the wicket-door was opened and a round-bellied warden stepped out wearing a coat over his night-shirt. 
'Major, I must protest, this is most irregular. Do you realise what time it is? I was in my bed, for pity's sake!' the fat man moaned. 
'Apologies, Warden, but time is an issue.' 
'This is an outrage. I have a good mind to make a complaint. Dragging me out of bed at this hour!' 
'Be my guest. To my knowledge the King has not taken to his bed as of yet. Though he is short to temper at the moment, or so I'm told. We can go there right now and you can place your petition before him...personally.' 
'The King, did you say?' 
'Yes, Warden, the King. The man who signed the release form that you are holding in your hand. King Frederick. The King of Jarro!' Brok roared at the stupefied warden. 
'I do apologise, Major...I...I will release him...at once, of course. I am the King's loyal servant.' he stuttered, red-faced and flustered. With a curt nod he turned and almost tripped over his own feet in his haste to get away. 
Long moments passed before the warden reappeared followed by two very large guards; between them hung an emaciated figure dressed in black. Manacled wrists and ankles, skinned and bleeding, his dark shoulder-length hair matted with dirt; an unkempt beard from nose to chest. The guards let go, and he slumped to the ground. Brok knelt down and turned the prisoner over onto his back. It was Brinn.  
The year in jail had obviously not been an easy one. A nasty black and purple bruise covered much of the left side of his face and his left eye was swollen shut. Brinn smiled, belched, and passed out.  
Stale wine assailed Brok's nostrils, 'This man is drunk. How in the...?' Brok looked up at the warden who was already backing up towards the safety of the door. 
'It was the only way we could keep him...contained. He smashed up three cells, and put six of my men in the sick house.' 
'So...you pacified him using alcohol. How long?' Brok was visibly angry now. 
'Usually until he passed out,' the warden gave a helpless palms up gesture. 
'What I meant was, how long has this practice been going on?' 
'Oh...I see. About ten months, roughly speaking.' 
Brok stood.  
The two guards retreated back inside the prison door, quickly followed by the warden, who briefly stopped before shutting it, 'Oh before I forget, you'll need these, Major.' A set of keys came flying through the air.  
Brok snatched them, knelt down beside his friend and opened the manacles.  
The warden quickly shut the door, but opened the little window slot, 'Glad to have been able to help you, Major. All's in order, a very good night to you.' he quickly closed the window again. 
'Bit jumpy wasn't he?' said Tam, in his drawling South Jarro accent. 
'Give me a hand here will you.' Brok struggled trying to lift the dead weight of a near unconscious Brinn. 
"He's out cold, sir. Ain't nothin' wakin' him this side of the Summer Festival, by the looks." said Rat. 
An old horse trough caught Brok's eye, he winked at Tam. Five strides and they were there. 'Get ready to run.' he cautioned. 
On the third swing the unconscious body cleared the lip of the trough and disappeared beneath its frigid contents, with a loud plop. 
A cascade of water shot upwards and outwards like a steaming jet from an erupting geyser. Brinn's arms and legs flailed, left and right, up and down, in a vain attempt to gain purchase. After what seemed like an age, he finally grabbed hold of the hand-pump's spout, and with great effort rolled out onto the ground, on his hands and knees, coughing and sneezing. 'What in the Seven Halls of Hell...?' he finally managed to blurt, as his vision cleared and wits returned in one painful blinding moment. On seeing the familiar faces of his comrades, he smiled. 'It took you long enough.' Spitting a large glob of horse-water onto the ground, he stood, and with a quick shake of the head, staggered forward to greet them. 
'Yes, awfully sorry about that, old boy, we've been a little preoccupied lately. War does that.' Tam grinned and picked Brinn up in a bear hug. The others gathered round, back-slapping and laughing. Lom stayed on his horse. He was a man of few words. Brinn reached up and clasped forearms with him as all warriors do. Lom nodded, leaned forward a little, and farted loud and long. 
'Ah, that one was a, "Good to see you again," fart. I recognise the tone,' Rat smiled. 
Lom also smiled and, nodding his approval, farted again, but just a little one this time. 
'Sorry to be a bore, but time presses. We'll have time enough for this on the road,' said Brok. 
Brinn eyed his old commander. 'What's up?' 
'It's a long story. I'll tell it as we travel.' 
'Which direction?' 
'Gantu.' 
'Leave me a horse, I'll catch you up.' Brinn carefully touched his bruised face. 
'What gives?'  
'I have something to take care of first. That conniving toady Warden still has my gold medallion.' Panther sprang at the prison wall and was quickly over. Soon muffled cries of alarm and conflict marked his progress through its inner halls.






6. Dark Deeds

 The Offering stared blankly ahead. She was a pretty young thing, and pure as was required. Prepared for days in the correct way by the temple priests; she would fast, bathe in scented waters, and be anointed with holy oils by her attendees, in preparation for the joining ceremony.  
Only then was she allowed to eat and drink a small amount. The water was drugged, but the girl would be so dehydrated, she would not notice its subtle bitter taste. As Prolat, it was Aalil Dulva's job to bring her to the temple. A simple task, she would not resist, her mind was almost blank now. It was a long walk from the bowels of the citadel to the Joining Chamber. Flickering torches lit the way through dark and empty corridors.  
Once the seat of the old kings of Anvar, Mabak-Var would now play host to a new master. Sulan AL-Imri intended making the city his bastion in the West. Now, with the exception of the Great One's personal guard, and priests of his temple, the castle lay empty.  
The large arched double-doors of the Joining Chamber came into view. Beside the doors stood two priests resplendent in black robes with red sash. Each holding a large black candle before them, cowls hiding expressionless faces. A large bronze gong was struck as the door opened and the procession started to move forward. Priests of the order lined both sides of the aisle of the ancient throne room. As the sound of the gong died away, they chanted the prayers of transference. The gong reverberated once more and as its shuddering oscillation abated the chants returned yet again. The slow walk continued, the girl staring blankly.  
Ahead stood the Great One, Sulan AL-Imri, waiting patiently at the altar at the upper end of the hall; arms tucked inside the sleeves of his black robe, face hidden in the shadows of his hood. Another deep shuddering boom filled the chamber as the gong was struck again. The girl was placed on the alter face up. The chanting increased in volume and rhythm as the Master stepped up to the dais.  
Sulan stared down at the young girl, her eyes the most beautiful blue. Extending his arms to the roof he called upon the dark god Badur to bless the ceremony. Aalil noticed something strange as the sleeves of his master's robes slipped back, exposing his arms. The skin looked coarse and dry. Sulan placed his hands upon the young girl, a shimmering haze formed.  
When finished the girl was dead, her body reduced to a shrivelled deformed husk. The gong boomed once again and the chants returned as the Great One turned and slowly retreated to his private chambers. His body recharged, new energy coursing his veins, euphoric satisfaction etched upon his revitalised countenance. But it would not last long. It never did. A few days perhaps, at the most. These young women were somehow lacking in the strong essences he needed to sustain himself. Better candidates were required; a pure heart and body was not enough; she also needed to be strong of mind and spirit. With that he would get a month, if she had royal blood, he would get three. The old bloodlines being the strongest.  
Aalil followed Sulan into his private chamber and shut the door. 'It went well, Great One?' 
'Yes, to a point. I am disappointed with you, Prolat. Standards have dropped, the quality not what it once was...I require better!' he snapped. 'These wretches suffice for the time being, but they are deficient, they lack any measurable reserves of spirit. Have you scoured the land?' 
'Yes, Great One, but it is a difficult task. The royal blood is all but gone and the nobles hide their daughters. They serve now only through fear. At least the commoners are still compliant.' 
AL-Imri balled his hands into tight fists, 'Then perhaps it is time the nobles were taught a lesson!' he snarled. 'One they will not easily forget!'
***
It was a cold morning in the Hyrnn Forest, twenty miles north of Kan-Ta. Brinn stared into the small mirror examining his whisker-less face with a degree of satisfaction. It felt good to be free of the thick unkempt beard. The bruising had somewhat subsided and he could see out of his left eye again, though it was still an unsightly mix of black and blue.  
They had travelled for most of the night and made good progress. Only stopping late on to rest the horses and grab a few hours sleep. Satisfied with the results he placed his shaving razor back in its pouch and stowed it with the rest of his belongings. They were still in Jarro so there had been no need to set a guard while they slept. That would soon change he knew. Harder days lay ahead. But for now the company slept soundly.  
The forest was quiet. It was that transitional time, just before dawn, when night creatures sought their burrows and day creatures ventured forth. Somewhere to his left he could hear a family of field mice scratching and chewing in the hollow of a fallen tree. While high up in a giant spruce, a large Barn Owl scratched its head, stretched, and fluffed. The black of night was slowly giving way to lighter shades as morning paled the eastern sky. Brinn rose and quietly walked towards the dying fire. Brok's eyes opened as he approached. 
'Sleep well?' inquired Brinn. 
'So-so.' 
Brinn threw a few fresh sticks on the fire. Flames and sparks gently rose and the wood crackled in the heat, 'What's the plan?' 
'Simple. Get up to Gantu and try to pick up her trail.' 
'You make it sound easy.' 
'Nothing's easy.' 
'What are we up against?' 
'We think slavers, though not confirmed. At least we know, they were involved.' 
'Attacking a heavily armed escort's not usually their style.' Brinn sat down. 
'No. Hired muscle, most probably. The puppet-masters remain hidden at present. Ten to one, that trail leads east.' 
Brinn stared into the flames lost in thought. 
'Brinn, I was sorry to hear about Sherii. She was...' Brok trailed off. 
Brinn nodded but didn't reply. The pain all too evident in his eyes. A long silence followed before he finally spoke again, 'I hear things are bad at the front.' 
'It's worse than you can imagine,' said Tam, as he yawned and peeled his blanket back. 'Can't last much longer. We're already beaten, but just too proud, stubborn, and stupid to admit it,' his shoulder length dark-blond hair fell forward hiding much of his rugged good looks. 
Brinn stared into the flames again, unconsciously running a finger along the ridge of a small scar on his neck, 'How are Brasco and Bull?'  
'Dead.' sighed Tam. 
'What about Tunbro?' 
'Crippled. He lost an arm and a leg last month.' 
'Most of the old troop are gone,' added Brok. 
Another long silence ensued before Brinn spoke again. 
'What about Sergeant Preem. Surely that old warhorse is still alive?' 
'Well actually, yes he is. Except it's Captain Preem now since his commission. Last I heard he was in the northern section of the line.' Brok threw two logs on the fire. Again the flames and sparks shot skyward. 
'I've missed so much. It's hard to believe they're all gone.' 
'But at least the best are still here, eh?' Rat was finally awake and sitting up stretching his arms. 'What you think, Lom?' Rat smacked Lom on his backside. Lom grunted and broke wind.  
'He agrees wholeheartedly,' Rat grinned mischievously. 'I'm starving. What's for break-fast?'
***
Hyrnn was a vast forest that stretched northward from the city of Kan-Ta to the middle of Jarro, and eastward from the coast to Archer's Way. It's dirt roads were never busy, most folk did their damndest to avoid the place. It had a reputation for being a bit on the lawless side. Nothing major, just the odd murder or hold-up. Its isolation a draw for those with a reason to hide; deserters, bandits, criminals. It was a foolish man who travelled this place alone.
Towering Ash and Oak reached skyward, knurled twisted pillars beneath a swaying roof of green. The myriad intertwined branches and the overhead carpet, combining to block most of the available light, rendering the forest floor a dark sombre quality.  
Brinn was front man, and a little ahead of the others, when he suddenly stopped his horse. His skin prickled. It felt like hidden eyes were watching from the gloom. He listened carefully but heard nothing beyond the normal forest chatter of squirrels and birds.  
Brok spurred his horse and stopped beside him, 'What is it?'  
'Not sure yet. It could just be my imagination.' 
'Did you see or hear something?' 
'More a feeling.' 
The others fanned out and scanned the brush. Brinn sniffed the air. It had a strange quality. Like that metallic smell often left behind after a lightning strike. He couldn't quite fix it. After a few more minutes he gave the signal to move forward and they set off again checking all around as they went. The road forked a little further ahead marking the turnoff for Gallo. Between the two roads sat a white-haired old man clutching a knurled blackthorn walking stick. His long grey handlebar moustache drooped well past his bare chin. His robes were dirty and had signs of being mended on more than one occasion. Behind him, a mule stood tethered to a tree. Brinn stopped his horse and stared down at the stranger. The old man did not move or speak, but stared back intently. 
'Greetings old--' 
'You're late!' The old man growled, cutting Brinn off mid-sentence. 
Brinn looked at Brok, but the big man shrugged his shoulders. 
'Late for what old timer?' asked Brinn. 
'You were supposed to be here ten minutes ago!' A frown creased his wrinkled old brow. 
Brinn scratched at his head in confusion, 'I'm afraid you have us at a disadvantage old man. Why are you waiting for us, and how did you know we were coming?' 
'No time for questions now! We have many miles yet to travel today. I can explain as we go.' The old man rose, untied his mule and dragged him out onto the road. 
Brinn was amused and perplexed by this rather eccentric old fellow. 
'He's lost his marbles,' Rat had come forward to better see the holdup.  
'Explain yourself or eat our dust, we don't have time for riddles!' insisted Brinn. 
'Don't be ridiculous! All in good time,' the white haired old man belly flopped onto the mule and slowly, and very awkwardly pulled himself onto the saddle.  
'Enough of this! Brinn, spurring his horse into a gallop. 
'Not too fast boy, Bru will not be able to keep up!' The old man extended his stick and a small ball of light flashed towards the young warrior. 
Brinn flew backwards and landed with a sickening thump on the hard ground. 
Tam raised his bow and loosed a shot at the wizard. But the arrow deflected, as if it had struck an invisible wall, and shot straight up into the sky. The rest of the Pathfinders immediately went for their weapons. 
'Hold friends! I mean you no harm! I am here to help you,' The wizard held up his hands in supplication. 
Brinn wheezed and huffed as he sat up. It felt like he had been gut-kicked by the old man's mule. 
The enchanter walked over and extended a hand, 'I am Balzimar,' he smiled. 'I was sent by Askert the King's high wizard.' 
'To what end?' asked Brinn. 
'To lend a hand, boy, what else?' Balzimar huffed, and blew the ends of his long moustache forward in exasperation.




7. A High Cost

The Front Line: South-west Anvar
Captain Benjamin Preem inspected both, men and ramparts under his command for the fifth time that morning. The bulwarked collection of palisade topped earth-works and booby-trapped trenches, ran in a meandering line from the Kilgorn Marches in the north to the Anvil Mountains in the south. Constructed in haste, over a number of years as the war slowly turned against Jarro, it was a poor makeshift substitute for a real defensive fortification.  
     His orders were clear; hold for as long as possible and give the enemy the impression that the lines were fully manned. Which, of course, couldn’t be further from the truth. More than half the army had been stripped away and sent to the rear to Eastgate. A stone bulwark built in ancient times to defend Jarro against numerous, and bloody,  incursions by their aggressive and militaristic neighbour. 
     The soldiers were not removed in one mass exodus, that would have been foolish, and encouraged an all out attack by the enemy.  It had been carried out in dribs and drabs. A few men from one battalion and a few more from another, over a number of weeks and generally under the cover of darkness. It had been relatively quiet in his sector due, in part, to unexpectedly heavy rain sweeping down from the north. Rain was the defenders friend. It dampened the attacker’s enthusiasm and the mud stopped cavalry in its tracks. But now that ally had deserted them as well. 
     The sky was clearing and the ground in front of the wooden palisade was quickly drying. Preem knew that it wouldn’t be long before an attack was mounted. His men could sense it too. There was an uneasy quiet all along the rampart. Out in no-man’s land hundreds of dead bodies lay strewn, in groups and alone, evidence of the last attack a few days earlier. 
     The smell was hellish. Flies swarmed all over the bodies, now that the rain was gone, attracted by the stench of putrefying flesh. A disgusting and disturbing sight to the uninitiated, but a normal fact of life for Preem and his men. A bugle call far off in the distance confirmed his worst fears. It was soon followed by the familiar thump-thump of the war drums. The enemy were not yet in sight, but he knew that they were on the way. Fear etched the faces of his men. ‘Hold fast!’ he roared. ‘They die as easy as the next man!’
     The first lines of enemy soldiers crested the distant rise. Fear and panic gripped the defenders hearts.
     ‘Easy men. I know you’re anxious to be at 'em. But seeing they've gone to all this effort, 'tis only polite we let 'em bang out a last tune or two, unmolested.’
     A ripple of laughter ran along the palisade. Preem smiled, the spell was broken and the dread had dissipated. Now his men could function as soldiers should, calm, efficient, merciless. He raised his looking glass and immediately recognised the dark-armoured battalions of Anvar heavy infantry. But there were also uniforms of the East. Men clad in white with odd oblong shields and impossibly curved swords, riding strange beasts that looked like horses at a distance but up close had funny long necks and a clumsy gait. Preem hid his concern, his men were going to need all of their courage today. 
     ‘Archers ready!’
     Every man with a bow pointed an arrow to the sky.
     ‘Hold!’
     The enemy stepped along in perfect time to the thump-thump of the drums. The men of Jarro stood fast against the human tidal-wave that was threatening to engulf them.
     ‘Hold!’ ordered Preem, standing with sword-arm raised.
     They were half way across now. Preem could make out individual faces. He could see detail; those who had hastily shaved before battle, those who had not. It was time. ‘Loose!’ he ordered, making a chopping motion with his outstretched sword, and watched as hundreds of arrows took flight. ‘Reload!’
     The archers automatically placed a fresh arrow on the bow and pulled strings tight, facing skyward. They stood with faces to the heavens awaiting the order to release.
     ‘Loose!’
     The second projectile wave took flight, darkening the sky with its heavy pall of murderous rain.
     ‘Reload!’
     Out on the field men died as volleys of arrows struck home. ‘Loose!’ he ordered again and again, and again.
Outside the palisade the bodies mounted. Finally, as if tormented beyond the limits of endurance, they charged. Running forward like men possessed into a hail of arrows and spears. Slipping and sliding on pools of blood and screaming with hot frenzy. Ladders appeared and were placed against the walls. Above them, Preem and his men fought valiantly to throw back the Horde. Men scrambled up and were hacked to death on reaching the top. Below, more died as they were crushed to death pinned against the wooden wall by the weight of numbers of their own comrades trying to get forward. 
     Preem saw that the odds were against them. There were just too many attackers and too few defenders. It was only a matter of time now before they would finally gain control of the rampart. He gave the order and buckets of pitch were poured down on top of the enemy. The ground became slick. Soldiers slipped in the ooze. All along the lines for miles the order was repeated and then fire was added with deadly effect. The flames exploded upward and outward, as the highly flammable liquid ignited, roasting everything it touched. The screams of the dying carried for miles as thousands of men were instantly turned into human torches. 
     The army of the East broke and ran leaving their dead and wounded behind. A great cheer went up among the defenders. They had won the day, but the cost was high. Now there was too few left to hold the line. It was time to retreat.





8.  Order Restored

At least they were out of the barrels now and could breathe clean fresh air. It was good to be able to finally look around at the countryside for the first time. The wagon rattled along the dirt road surrounded front and back by Grik’s men. 
     Karem sat beside the driver. He was a likable sort of follow, even if he did work for the devil incarnate. It was he who had decided that there was no longer any need for the blindfolds or bindings, and the two girls were allowed to sit in middle of the wagon surrounded by barrels. 
     The land was strange to Megan. There were no familiar landmarks from which to get a bearing. Anabel was no wiser, but guessed they were the far side of the Benteer Mountains. If she was correct it meant they were in Gantu. 
     Gantu was a lawless uncivilised place from the stories she had heard.  Populated mostly by slavers, pirates, and warlords. It was a place where a friend today could be an enemy tomorrow, and everything had a price. 
     Grik pulled his horse in beside the wagon. ‘A fine mornin’ ladies,’ he smiled showing his bad teeth.
     The girls said nothing.
     ‘I thought you might want some water,’ he held up a water skin for them to see.
     ‘No thanks,’ scowled Anabel
     ‘How about you, Princess? Help you to wash the dust of the road out of your mouth?’ his smile widened exposing even more rot.
     ‘I’m fine,’ Megan didn’t look at him.
     ‘What’s the matter, my water not good enough for the likes of you?’ his smile evaporated.
     The girls said nothing. 
     Grik was getting more than a little red faced. ‘Well? My water not good enough...is it?’ he asked again.
     ‘We don’t want any water,’ Megan finally said hoping he would take the hint and leave.
     ‘Is that so,’ he sneered. Well now me little beauty.  Maybe there’s somethin’ else I can give you,’ he leaned in closer so that his voice didn’t carry. ‘I might just tell Alsheer to keep his gold and choose me own payment,’ he was looking straight at Megan.
     Megan looked away in disgust. A shudder of revulsion ran through her body. Grik spurred his horse to a canter, laughing loudly as he went. 
     ‘He’s vile!’ Anabel said quietly. ‘We’re going to have to watch that one. He makes my skin crawl.’
     ‘And mine,’ agreed Megan. ‘I don’t know which is worse, Alsheer or Grik.’
     ‘Different sides of the same coin if you ask me,’ said Anabel.
     ‘I wish I had a knife,’ Megan absently mumbled.
     ‘You wouldn’t need one for him.’
     ‘What do you mean?’
     ‘A bar of soap would probably finish him off. The sight of it would give him a heart attack.’
     The two girls giggled quietly into their hands. It was good to laugh again if even only for a moment.
     ‘What’s so amusing?’ asked Karem turning around in his seat.
     ‘Nothing much, just girl talk, certainly nothing we could share with you,’ grinned Anabel.
     Karem smiled politely and turned away.
    
      It was well after midday when they stopped for a break. Karem was busy giving orders to various members of the small band of Alsheer’s personal guard. This gave the girls a chance to walk down to the water’s edge to clean up. The water felt good after hours of heat and dust on the road. Grik’s men sat about eating, throwing dice, and a few watered and fed their horses. Megan noticed a black carriage pulled in further up the road. It was ornately decorated and looked much like the carriages used by royals or nobility back in Jarro. 
     The windows were completely blacked out making it impossible to see inside. Karem walked quickly up to its door and briefly conversed with whomever was inside. After a few moments the carriage turned around on the road and headed back in the direction they had just come. The girls sat down by the stream and dangled their feet in the refreshing waters.
     ‘Well-well! If it isn’t my two most favourite little water-lilies,’ Grik was grinning down at the two young women.
     ‘Oh go away you hairy donkey!’ growled Megan.
     ‘Ain't no way for a fine lady to be talkin’ when I’m just bein’ friendly.’
     ‘What do you want?’ she snarled, and turned her back to him.
     ‘Polite conversation…for a start,’ Grik took hold of Megan’s arm and lifted her up to face him.
     Megan tried to get away but he was impossibly strong. 
     He slipped his free arm around her waist and pulled her close, grinning evilly. ‘And then somethin’ more,’ he leaned forward and forcibly kissed her. 
     Megan thought she would be sick. She punched and kicked but she couldn’t get him off. Grik’s men stood, laughing and cheering. He stank of every filthy odour she could imagine and others that she didn’t want to think about. Just when she thought she would pass out Karem arrived.
     ‘Leave her be!’ Karem smacked Grik across his enormous back with a large, bleached white, piece of driftwood that shattered on impact.
     Grik released Megan and turned on Karem. The slaver towered over the demure Eastlander. It was a very uneven fight, and it wouldn’t last long.
     ‘Leave him alone!’ shouted Megan.
     Grik just smiled down at the little man.
     ‘Lord Alsheer's orders were clear, the females are not to be molested in any way,’ Karem seemed oblivious to his perilous predicament.
     ‘Where is he then? Far as I see, you're on your own little mouse. Be a good little mouse now wont you…squeak off and find yourself a bit o' cheese, and don't be makin' a nuisance of yourself,’ Grik was toying with the smaller man.
     Karem looked a little uneasy. ‘My Lord is temporarily away, for now my voice is his and you will heed my commands.’
     ‘Or what?’ he shoved Karem. 'I suppose you’re gonna stop me, ain't that right...mister mouse?’ Grik was really enjoying the chance to show-off in front of his men. 
     Karem grabbed Grik’s wrist and twisted his fat fingers backwards in one movement. Grik dropped to his knees and cried out in pain. A kick to the chest sent the big slaver flying backwards through the air as though launched from a catapult. He landed with a large splash in the middle of the stream. Grik’s men were stunned into slack-jawed silence. Grik resurfaced gasping for air and crying out in shock as cold ice-melt water numbed him to the bone. 
     Karem casually turned to the two girls, ‘If you are ready ladies please return to the wagon we must be on our way.’
     Grik struggled to the shoreline completely soaked. His eyes a mixture of awe and fear. Karem looked at him, sniffed, and walked away. One of Grik’s men forgot himself and started laughing. Grik, infuriated by the humiliation, kicked him as hard as he could up the backside. The laughing stopped.






9. Dark Emissary

It was a fine, bright, sunny day, the kind that makes the heart soar. By the time they had reached Archer's Way Balzimar had become an accepted member of the group. Brinn still wondered how the wizard had found them so easily, but decided that it was a question for another time. 
     They had crossed the river Duree, using the ferry at Lampike, and were now crossing the Great Northern Plain that stretched all the way from Duree to the snow-capped Benteer Mountains, the northern most boundary of Jarro. After that they would be in hostile territory. There was very little conversation while on the move. All were lost in their own thoughts. Balzimar rode at the very back of the group. Brinn didn’t really know what to make of the odd little man. Sitting, as he was, atop his mount with legs enfolded as though meditating, while simultaneously playing a melancholy tune on a small white flute. Brinn marveled at the feat of balance. The mule’s reigns lay untouched across its saddle. The animal didn’t seem to need his master’s guidance and happily followed the horse in front; stopping, and even turning when required, without so much as a word from the bony little man on his back. Balzimar was a strange looking fellow. Scraggy unkempt grey hair, thinning badly near the crown, stuck out every which way. His long grey moustache drooped down either side of his mouth and well past his chin, and his bright grey eyes had an almost luminous quality, especially at night.  
     After hours traversing the grassy plains, the Benteer Mountains were at last in sight. Snow covered their high peaks year round. The Benteers were a vast range that stretched eastward from the Agento Sea and all the way around E-Ben’s northern borders before swinging south towards Anvar. There was only one way through them to Gantu; The Benteer Pass. 
     The plain had been devoid of trees but they soon appeared in ones or twos, and later, as the ground started to slope upwards to the foothills, the numbers quickly increased until they were surrounded once more. Brok decided it was time to camp for the night. They found a sheltered spot beneath a leaning boulder and unpacked the animals. A small stream flowed nearby. Rat soon had a fire going and was happily cooking. 
     As the first stars started to appear in the darkening blue sky, Brinn took some food up to Balzimar, who was sitting in his usual cross-legged position on top of a large boulder, playing a soft sad tune on the flute.
     ‘I thought you might be hungry,’ Brinn showed the food to the wizard.
     ‘Thank you, my boy. Please join me…sit for a while.’
     The site was elevated, the first steep rise on the mountain's southern base. From up here Brinn could see back in the direction from which they had come. He stared back across the tips of the trees and across the northern plains of Jarro. He imagined that on a clear day they might even be able to see all the way back to the Duree. Balzimar started playing soft notes that were strangely soothing. Brinn took a deep breath and exhaled quickly.
     ‘Your heart is heavy,’ said the wizard.
     ‘We carry a heavy load, old man. Much rests upon the outcome.’
     Balzimar smiled, ‘I was referring to the past rather than the future.’
     Brinn’s brow furrowed and he looked at the wizard.
     ‘She was not part of your future…not this lifetime.’ Balzimar added.
     Brinn was startled by the comment, ‘And what would you know, wizard?’
     ‘I know it's time for you to let go. Let go of the pain. The powers that bind us have other plans for you.’
     ‘You speak in riddles, say what you must, old man, but at least speak plain!’
     ‘I refer to your lost love, of your pain, and your...guilt.’
     ‘You seem well informed for someone I've just met. Has Brok been flapping his mouth? If he has, I’ll--!’
     ‘No. He's not betrayed confidence, nor have any of the others.’
     ‘Then how, old man?’ Brinn was getting very angry. The old wizard had caught him unawares.
     ‘We adepts...have the ability to--’
     ‘What? See the past? Any fool can do that…a coin or two in the right hand usually does the trick! The Anvars have a good name for it…jaw grease.’ growled Brinn.
     The wizard smiled again, ‘But what about knowing without being told?’
     ‘You're not making sense.’
     ‘Let me explain. Our past, and our future, are spun like an invisible web all around us. As we move through life each of us is moving along our own individual strand on the web.’
     ‘Ok I can follow that,’ Brinn nodded.
     ‘To those that have the ability the web can be touched.’
     ‘Is that so,' Brinn was sceptical. 'Well if that’s the case, cast me a prediction; tell me if this mission will be a success?’
     ‘If only I could,’ Balzimar chuckled, ‘how much easier things would be. But no,’ he shook his head, ‘it's not that specific. We can feel the strong emotional events in a life, both, past and future. Though, I have to add, future predictions are not rigid, not definite. They are more a guide to future possibilities.’
     ‘You're starting to lose me.’ Brinn scratched his chin in annoyance.
     ‘The future's not solid; because we have free-will, we each impact the whole, and can change the future by our actions in the present.’
     ‘So what's the point in seeing the future if there’s a chance that it could change and be something completely different by the time you get to it?’ 
     Balzimar chuckled again, ‘Well, I have to admit, you make a good point. But I would much rather have this ability than not.’
     ‘These...events...do you see them clearly?’
     ‘No. Merely shadows and impressions, but enough to feel your pain, and guilt.’
     Brinn remained silent for a few moments then his eyes watered, ‘I should have been there for her. She was a lady of the court, but she might as well have been a lowly slave for all the good it did her. The powerful pull our strings and we perform as required…chattel for their amusement. He knew she was betrothed, knew how much we loved, knew I was at the front. But with a wave of the hand she was given to a degenerate she loathed by order of the King!’
     ‘It was outside of your control, we are naught but pawns in the great plan. Only the powers that bind us see all the pieces of the puzzle.’ said Balzimar.
     ‘Spare me the sermon! I can’t--’ Tears were starting to form in Brinn’s eyes.
     ‘You can. I can help you if you let me.’
     ‘How?’
     ‘Give me your hands and shut your eyes.’
     The wizard clasped Brinn's hands tightly and closed his eyes. Brinn saw the events leading up to the murder of Darrik as clear as if they were happening that very minute. Then suddenly those memories were gone, replaced now by the smiling face of his beloved Sherii. They were standing in a beautiful garden surrounded by the most wonderful flowers. She put her arms around him and they kissed. It felt good to hold her again. Then she stepped back and smiled, ‘We will meet again beloved,’ she touched his cheek tenderly. ‘I release you.’
Brinn’s eyes opened with a start. 'Lies!' he said. 'Lies and manipulation! the anger returned and he pulled his hands away. 
     'No...not a lie, Brinn. It was as real as day follows night.'
     'Mark me, old man,' he jabbed a finger into the old wizard's chest, 'keep your meddling to yourself. From now on tend your duties and let me tend mine. There's a job at hand, concentrate on that and that alone!' 
     'Nonsense, my boy, if I did that, nothing would ever get done.' Balzimar smiled.
     'My past is not open for discussion…am I clear?'
      Yes of course,' the wizard shrugged, 'but be mindful, you walk a precipice, one wrong step and you may fall.'
      'It's my road to travel, and I'll do it my way.'
      There was an odd silence.
      'There's something else,' Balzimar announced rather nonchalantly, ‘it would seem that you have been endowed with some very interesting, if dormant, gifts.’
     ‘Again with the riddles old man,’ Brinn shook his head.
     Balzimar smiled, ‘I could sense it when I touched your hands just now.’
     ‘Sense what?’
     ‘Magic, my boy! It rages through your veins like a torrent.’
     Brinn’s mouth opened but his brain had turned to mud.
     ‘Yes indeed! The vision-dream must have triggered something deep within.' With a shrug, Balzimar returned to playing the flute.     

***
As darkness finally crept over the camp Brinn took the first watch, while the others settled down for the night. Clouds rolled in from the north blocking out the light of the Twins, a brace of moons locked in tandem, destined to wander the sky as a pair. He was in his element, nothing would get close enough to the camp to harm them while he stood watch. At least that would normally have been the case, but tonight they were being stalked by a deadly new adversary. 
     The Moorg crept undetected towards the campsite. It was a creature born of evil, controlled by an emissary of the Dark. Alsheer watched, with malevolent satisfaction, as the monster inched closer. ‘Thisss will be over quickly,’ he chuckled. ‘Pathetic wretchesss! Death approachesss, be not concerned, sssleep on.’ He wove a sleeping spell and gently placed it over the camp. The Moorg padded silently on, its powerfully built shoulders  tensing and relaxing with each carefully placed step. The overlapping scales of its heavily armoured skin changing colour and hue to blend with the undergrowth. It stealthily approached without notice, not a glimmer could be seen. Tensing back muscles twitched and quivered as it readied to pounce. A silent snarl lifted lips, exposing razor sharp fangs, dripping warm saliva onto black-taloned forepaws. It was excited at the thought of the kill. Pale luminous eyes pulsed faintly to the beat of its pounding heart. 
     Brinn was overcome, his mind locked in a hazy waking dream of Sherii and happier times, his eyes and ears oblivious to death's approach. The Moorg was ready, Brinn felt a little tickle between the blades of his shoulders, but shrugged and returned to thoughts of lost love. The Moorg crouched. The first one to die would be the sentry. That was how he had been trained and that was how it would be executed. The beast sprang and silently flew through the air at Brinn’s exposed back. A sudden explosion of blue light struck the beast in the chest. The blow pushed him sideways forcing him to one side causing him to miss Brinn completely.
     ‘To arms!’ ordered Balzimar. ‘We are under attack!’
     The spell was broken. The Pathfinders were instantly out of their blankets and standing ready with weapons drawn. The Moorg was winded but quickly recovered, scrambling to its feet it roared at the stunned men. Larger than a horse, the monster bellowed with anger and frustration at being denied the kill. With a rolling gurgling growl, he charged. Brok managed to leap out of the way before it was too late. Tam and Rat grabbed up spears and used them to keep the creature at arm’s length. The Moorg lashed out, its sharp claws narrowly missed shredding the two warriors. Balzimar loosed another blue arc knocking the beast backwards. Lom ran at the monster war hammer in hand and slammed its head with all of his strength. The Moorg reared and with one swipe of its enormous paw, knocked Lom backwards. Brinn sprang through the air, landed on its back, and sank his sword deep into the creature’s neck. There was another gurgling roar, as the Moorg reared and bucked. Brinn was thrown and flew through the air landing hard, but rolled and was back on his feet in one movement. The monster roared again and as he did, Tam thrust a spear deep inside its open mouth. Black blood sprayed out in all directions. The Moorg rose again onto its hind legs, quickly turned and crashed into Rat and Tam, sending them tumbling away in a flurry of flailing arms and legs. Brok loosed an arrow but it simply ricocheted off the creature’s tough hide. The Moorg circled looking for a weakness. Three of its prey were down, but three still stood. Balzimar looked tired. The beast could sense the wizard’s fatigue. Its devilish eyes narrowed. With a bound it leapt into the air and sailed towards the helpless man. Balzimar tried to summon his strength, but there simply wasn’t enough time. In a blink he would be dead. Brinn screamed a warning to the wizard and pointed at the leaping monster. As he did, a column of flame shot from his outstretched hand incinerating the Moorg mid-flight. There was a sudden white blinding flash, and then nothing but quiet darkness. The creature was gone. Particles of black soot drifted down all around the encampment. In shocked silence, all faces turned toward Brinn. He stared at his still outstretched hand not really believing what had just happened. 

     Balzimar walked over and gently moved Brinn’s arm down by his side. ‘It seems, my boy, you have more than a little ability after all,’ he smiled.
     Brinn looked shocked.
     Rat ran to Lom's side. The giant man was unconscious but alive. 
     ‘What part of  hell did that thing come from?’ Brinn finally managed to ask. ‘And how did he get so close? I didn’t even know he was there, he crept right up and I didn’t hear a damn thing.’
     ‘Moorg are a construct of the Dark; twisted mindless creatures, bred to kill by Karesh Warlocks.’ Balzimar looked out towards the darkness, ‘He was a long way from home. And not alone.’
     Further up the slope Alsheer was making good his escape. The outcome of the fight had come as a shock. These are most unusual men, he thought. Especially the one dressed in black. Such power! And he can mask it! There had been no hint of his abilities until he unleashed, and then for the merest instant it was like an erupting volcano. But when he stopped it was as if he had no power at all.  He was confused. Magic, or the ability to wield, could be sensed by those familiar with the Arts. He had sensed the wizard easily, but did not fear him. Yet this other had power equal to, or perhaps greater, than that of the Master. This was indeed troubling. Fear gripped him. It was time to be prudent. He quickened his pace away. He had been taken unawares this time. Next time, he would not.
     
As the ash finally settled there came an eerie silence. Brinn looked around at his friends. There were unspoken questions on those faces; questions for which he had no answers. But he knew who did. He looked at Balzimar. ‘Old man...we need to talk!’






10. Hidden Dangers

They seemed to be heading in a northerly direction, as far as Megan could figure. The land was getting wetter, and there were more streams and rivers to cross every day. On the third day they entered the lowlands. The terrain became swampy and the air was filled with insects of every description. Evenings were the worst. Black-fly and Mosquitoes drove them to despair. The girls took to hiding under their blankets until nightfall when there was, at least, some respite. 
     Karem did his best to make the journey comfortable but there was nothing that he could do about the insects. Everyone was suffering. There had been no sign of Alsheer since their first encounter. Megan was glad of it. He was more creature than man, and of dark intent. The journey was arduous but bearable. Grik had kept his distance since his humiliating dunking, and that was welcome. Megan caught him sneaking a look from time to time, but generally he stayed at arm’s length, through fear of what Karem might do to him, she suspected.
     A desperate resignation had come over the two young women. There really was no realistic chance of escape now. Even if they did manage to get away from their captors, where would they go? They were hundreds of miles from the nearest help, and surrounded by miles of snake and croc filled swamp. Not to mention the myriad of other hellish biting, sucking, crushing, and stinging things that lurked there. At one point, early on, it had crossed their minds to try. Karem seemed to sense it and gently pointed out that their guard’s duty now was to protect rather than confine. That put a completely new perspective on the situation. It was soon after, just past sunset as the camp settled in for the night, that Anabel noticed those awful red eyes on the outskirts just beyond the furthest campfire glow. The girls were sitting with Karem chatting about his homeland when Anabel let out a scream. They all saw those ghastly things. Karem seemed unusually unperturbed. Sleep was hard to find that night. Imagination can be a bad thing at times. In reality, their worst imaginings were probably not far from the truth. 

***

     Red-Eyes was watching the camp again tonight, as he did every night. These creatures were getting much too close to his nest. Fear was slowly giving way to anger. His mate would roost and watch over the hatchlings while he hunted. He was wary of these creatures. He tried to keep away from the taller ones with the sharp pointy sticks. They looked vigilant and dangerous. No, he was looking for something that would not pose too much of a risk. One of the mules or horses would do, or perhaps one of the fatter Two-Legs, the ones that did not carry those long sharp sticks. He had encountered those sticks before and they had caused him much pain. Two-Legs hunted in packs and would attack if they knew that he was close. It was important to have a silent kill. His life depended upon it. Red-Eyes silently slid through the murky water, quietly watching the camp. These creatures were stupid. They had strayed far too close to the water’s edge. Red-Eyes saw others hungrily watching them too. Big crocs moved away when they saw his approach. They knew better than to cross him. They retreated and left him to reap the spoils. 
     Ahead two of the smaller Two-Legs were washing by the shore. Red-Eyes slipped closer. They were unaware of his presence. They were small and thin. Not much meat. He deduced that they were probably the females of this species because they were so much smaller than the ones with the sharp sticks. He stopped to survey. They looked weak. There would be little fight in them, he thought. If he could get them both they might provide a meal. He slid even closer. He could smell them now. His stomach juices gurgled. Hunger drove him on. Red-Eyes had eaten Two-Legs before. They tasted good. Their flesh was tender and sweet. He slid closer still. It was worth the gamble. He hesitated, checking for the Stick Carriers; there were none. He moved into a position to attack. The females were still washing. He tensed ready to strike. But just before he did, they moved away. He could follow, but feared the light from the fires that hurt his eyes. 
Disappointed he moved on. Further along he came across another Two-Legs. It had come close to the water’s edge and was ejecting fluid from its lower body into the swamp. Red- Eyes slid up to the bank, the Two-Legs swayed backwards and forwards. In one quick grab Red-Eyes made his kill without too much noise. The ones with the sticks had not heard. He was glad, and swam to deeper darker waters, away from prying eyes, to better enjoy his meal. It had been a successful night. Now his young would feast.

***

As the morning dawned the camp became a hive of activity. There was cooking and washing and all manner of preparation for the day's travel. When all was ready Karem escorted the girls to the wagon. As they settled down on their blankets, Anabel noticed three rider-less horses being tethered to the back. Karem was sitting beside the wagon driver again. 
Anabel tugged on the back of his jacket, ‘Karem?’
     ‘Yes, my Lady?’ he turned.
     ‘I’ve noticed that you seem to be missing some men today,’ she glanced towards the empty horses.
     ‘Ah yes. We have lost three since entering the swamp.’
     ‘Deserters?’ Anabel asked hopefully.
     ‘No,’ he nonchalantly answered then turned back to face the road.
     Both women looked at each other in horror, drew their legs up until knees touched chins, and sat there hugging them tight. They had truly entered hell. 

The road had become a twisting half-submerged trail through the mangrove. One could quite easy become irretrievably lost, in the miasmic thickets, with one misplaced step. Truculent green encroaching on all sides like an ever shifting maze, underpinned by a mixture of slow moving rivers and stagnant bogs. The air reverberated with the incessant buzz of swarming, invasive, insects.  Arms and faces were in constant peril from the ravenous little blood-suckers. Karem gave the women a salve to ease the itch, which helped a little. 
     Hour after torturous hour they travelled on, twisting and turning, left then right, forward then backwards. It was unending. After a few hours the girls had lost all sense of bearing and direction. The heat was draining. Sweat dropped from every pore as the humidity soared. Overhead the Sun blazed. The sparse, puffball, clouds that occasionally crossed its molten face provided little in the way of respite. The slavers, under the added weight of weapons and armour, slouched, with dejected resignation, in their saddles. While all around, hungry eyes watched them pass and waited patiently for an opportunity to strike. All it would take was one slip, or even perhaps something as trivial as carelessly straying too close to the water’s edge. Then powerful jaws would lunge and grab, twisting, tearing, pulling, beneath the murky water in a frenzy of splashing and blood. 
     Foliage covered the surface of the swamp. Water lilies and cress formed a perfect green blanket obscuring all that lay beneath. There were splashing noises, but it was impossible to see what had caused them. Little ripples on the surface giving hint to a direction. Low hanging branches were another worry. They had already lost one man to snake bite earlier that morning. It looked like a thin green branch sticking from the side of a low hanging limb. But by the time the man realised his mistake it was too late. He died quickly but painfully with foam bubbling from his, blue-lipped, mouth. His slithering assassin quickly decapitated with a well aimed sword-swipe. 
     By late evening they came to a patch of raised ground. It was an oasis in an ocean of slime. It had been cleared of much of its vegetation in times past. A small stone perimeter-wall encircled a dilapidated stone house. The roof was gone but the walls were strong. Outside the perimeter-wall a moss covered jetty had a half submerged canoe moored to its side. Inside, of which, there lived all manner of swimming insects and tadpoles. 
     The inside of the house was clean but empty. In one corner an iron cook-pot sat, leaning against the wall rusted through, a gaping hole where its legs had once protruded.    
     ‘We will camp here tonight ladies. Why don't you pick a side,’ said Karem.    
     ‘Very funny,’ huffed Anabel. 
     Karem smiled and clapped his hands. Two of his personal guards entered and immediately set about making the room more hospitable. A fire soon blazed in the hearth, the addition of blankets and pillows helped to make the stone-slabbed floor a little more comfortable. Outside, the sky was quickly darkening as night approached. Megan felt somewhat reassured at having solid walls all around. She lay down and casually stretched. Anabel lay beside her and snuggled against her back. For the first time since entering the swamp, the girls felt a little safer. Grik’s men cooked and drank in the courtyard outside. The worst was over for them. They would soon be back home, and with a pocket full of gold to boot. Spirits were high and the mood was relaxed. 
     As darkness fell, watching eyes reflected the campfires light. Yellow spheres winked on and off as curious heads popped up out of the slime to look at the newcomers, then down again, curiosity sated, out of sight. But one pair of eyes did not hide. They stared with unblinking intensity at the gathering on the island. Coldly analysing. Seeking to exploit any advantage offered. Filled with anger and hate for these arrogant interlopers. These eyes, were the deepest red.







11. Ruby Red Wine

The two generals sat in the foyer of the onetime council chambers of Mabak-Var, and now Sulan AL–Imri’s throne room. They had ridden for days to get back to the capital. It was not wise to dither when summoned by the Great One. General Gambri was overlord and supreme commander of the army. His second in command General Imrit sat beside him. Both men were nervous. They were bearers of bad news and were unsure how their master would take it. 
     Gambri was sweating profusely, though not from the heat. It was taking all of his willpower to stop from shaking. It was hard to hide even the slightest tremor while wearing full body armour, as the steady rattle of clanking metal betrayed, even, the most stoic countenance. The double doors of the throne room opened and both men stood with helmets tucked under arm.      
     Aalil Dulva walked through and beckoned them to his side. ‘The Great One, Sulan AL-Imri, Bringer of Peace, Protector of the Weak, will see you now. Be ever contrite in his almighty presence,’ sang Aalil.
     The two men bowed as they entered, their eyes remaining fixed on floor, in reverence, as they approached the throne. It was only allowed to look upon the Great One when spoken to directly. 
     Aalil walked slightly ahead with languid, precisely measured, steps. His purple, crimped velvet, gown swishing left and right across the polished black-granite floor-tiles with pendulous rhythm. At the base of the dais he stopped and bowed in one fluid sweep and announced the two generals. ‘Begging your indulgence, Great One. Overlord Gambri and General Imrit request an audience. They come as instructed by your Divine Magnificence,’ his soft undulating voice sang the words with dispassionate tone. 
     Sulan was wearing his customary black habit, a sign of his vow of modesty. The hood was up hiding his face in its gloomy interior. ‘General Gambri, it is good to see you. It has been some time since we have spoken in person,’ AL-Imri nodded.
     ‘Thank you, Great One. As ever it is a wondrous pleasure to be in thy presence.’ The general gave a quick look up as he spoke, and then down.
     ‘And of course you too, General Imrit.’ 
     ‘Thank you, Great One. I am humbled in thy presence.’ Imrit briefly looked up, and when he had finished, back down again, as Gambri had done.
     ‘And how is your family Overlord? We see far too little of them at court since beginning the purification of the West.’
     ‘They are in good health, Great One, thank you,’ answered Gambri. 
     ‘That is good to hear, yes indeed. Family are so important, don’t you agree Overlord.’
     ‘Yes I do, Great One. They are the foundations upon which all is achieved.’
     ‘Yes, well put. Our foundations. Sound foundations are essential for every endeavour, I feel. I believe you have a daughter, if memory serves?’ 
     ‘Yes, Great One. Her name is Emir.’
     ‘Do I know her husband?’ asked AL-Imri.
     ‘She is unwed, Great One. Though well sought after according to my wife,’ Gambri allowed a small nervous smile to cross his lips.
     ‘Still a maiden then? Good...they are the best years of youth, before responsibility burdens the shoulders and lines the face. A time of freedom that all too quickly recedes, I’m afraid.’ 
     ‘Truly, Great One. Your wisdom lights the dark.’
     ‘Indeed.’ There was a silence for a few moments as AL-Imri contemplated. ‘How goes the war? We have heard...disquieting…stories of late.’
     ‘It goes well, Great One. The enemy are weakening. We have advanced on all fronts. It will only be a matter of months before we finally crush them.’ 
     ‘Oh! That's so good to hear, and very reassuring, Overlord. You see Prolat it is obvious now that the stories we have been hearing of great losses are all untrue!’ AL-Imri turned toward Aalil Dulva as he spoke.
Gambri’s face went sickly white and drops of sweat ran freely down his brow.
     ‘Is that not so, Overlord?’ AL-Imri’s voice was cold. It was a leading question. The answer already known.
     ‘Great One--’ Imrit interrupted in a pleading voice.
     ‘Hold your tongue before I make you wish you had!’ hissed AL-Imri, dropping his mask of serenity.
     Imrit immediately looked down to his feet wishing a hole would open and end his terror. 
     ‘Well...Overlord, is that not so?’ Sulan’s tone had lowered to a menacing purr.
     ‘No...Great One,’ the Overlord wrung his hands nervously.
     ‘No, they are not true, Gambri?’ said AL-Imri.
     ‘They are true, Great One.’ the general swallowed hard his face awash with sweat and fear.
     ‘Explain!’
     ‘The last attack was most...costly, Great One. They used pitch and other flammables. It was...unexpected. The ramparts were made of wood. It was an act of insanity! We were caught unawares. It’s simply unheard of. Our troops could not escape in the crush. It was a disaster.’
     ‘How many did we lose?’ asked AL-Imri in a flat tone.
     Gambri looked at his feet. ‘Over twenty five thousand, Great One.’
     ‘Twenty five thousand!’ The Lord of the East was staggered, ‘Why so many?’
      ‘It was a coordinated strategy along the entire front line.’
      Sulan shook his head disconsolately.  
     ‘No-one could have predicted this, Great One.’ Gambri pleaded.
     ‘And the enemy?’
     ‘They have retreated to a new defense line.’
     AL-Imri sat rigid upon his throne and stared at the two men.
     ‘You must understand--’ Gambri stopped mid-sentence.
      ‘Silence!’ hissed AL-Imri. He stood and extended his arm towards the general.
     Gambri’s eyes started to bulge as he struggled for air. Sweat ran out of every opening in his armour and his face was a picture of agony. General Imrit jumped back in horror as Gambri suddenly burst into flames and fell to his knees. He did not cry out. In a matter of seconds his body had disintegrated into blackened cinders. When finished AL-Imri sat down heavily.
     ‘Congratulations, Imrit, you are promoted to Overlord. Gambri's lands and possessions are yours. Now get out of my sight!’
     The shocked general quickly backed his way down the aisle, bowing as he went, out the double doors at the end and was gone. 
     AL-Imri sat thinking for a few moments. ‘Send our condolences to Gambri’s family Prolat. There will be a state funeral of course. Invite them here to the citadel. You can make the arrangements.’
     ‘Yes, Great One,’ answered Aalil as he nodded and bowed.
     ‘They will need comforting during this difficult time. Both his wife and daughter. What was her name again?’
     ‘Emir, Great One,’ answered Aalil.
     ‘Ah yes...Emir. I look forward to offering my condolences, in person. We will let Gambri’s fate and that of his family serve as a lesson to all the nobles. I think you will find them a little more compliant afterwards, Prolat. I am of a mind to found a new Order. One with a more...feminine leaning.’
     ‘A Sisterhood, Great One?’
     ‘Yes, a Sisterhood,’ he paused, ‘ they will be called, The Black Veil.’
     ‘There will be certain...criteria...to be met upon joining, Great One?’
     ‘Purity will be the strictest requirement, of course.’ Malevolent laugher rolled from his sneering lips. ‘Inform the nobles of their responsibilities with regard to the new order. I expect full and enthusiastic support. Anything less will be dealt with...most severely.’
     With a flick of his hand AL-Imri dismissed the Prolat. He waited patiently until the room was empty, then he rose a little unsteadily from his throne. There was a price to using his newly acquired powers. The Dreadlord had promised that this weakness would pass, in time. That he would become increasingly stronger with each use of the dark arts. He longed for that. It was a joyous elixir and he wanted more. Much more. Enough was never enough. The need coursed his veins, blackening his soul, like an all-consuming drug against which he was powerless to act. But now he felt tired. It was a long walk to his sleeping chamber. The corridors were deserted as he shuffled along. Tapestries and paintings lined the walls. Kings and Queens of old, their stern disapproving eyes silently watching him pass. He paid them little heed, intent now on reaching the solace of his room and the chance to rest and recuperate. The castle was cold and dark. A damp musk tinged the air. A winding stairs lead up to the next floor, flaming torches lighting the way. With great effort, he slowly climbed the worn granite steps. At the top he entered a corridor and turned left. There was a large room on his right. A banquet-hall. Once filled with light, music, and laughter, it now lies, unused, abandoned. A light film of dust covering tables and chairs, the logs in the fireplace now home to a family of mice. The Lord of the East passed silently by. Turning left, again, he arrived at another set of stairs and again trudged wearily upward. Distorted shadows cast by flickering torches, dancing along the curved inner wall, shy away and grow anew at his approach and passing. Rising up like misshapen monsters then receding, only to  rise again with each passed flame. He reached the top and turned right; his bed-chamber was on the left. Two guards immediately snapped to attention as he approached. He opened the door and entered. The room was warm. A fire licked yellow flame up a soot blackened chimney. Food and wine had been placed upon a table to his right. But he had no interest in them for the moment. 
     Lying on the bed staring blankly at the ceiling was a young peasant girl. Hair, the colour of ripe golden wheat just before harvest, lay splayed across the pillow like a golden sunburst. Her eyes, as blue as the deep Agento Sea, moist but unresponsive to any stimulus. AL-Imri walked around to her side and sat. A pretty little thing he thought. He would have taken much pleasure in her in his youth. But those feelings were long dead. All that he wished for now was her sweet essence. He could feel it on her soft ivory skin as he tenderly caressed her face.  
     Placing a hand either side of that beautiful face he began to drain her of her life force. He smiled and closed his eyes as the energy surged into his body. It felt good. After a few moments he stopped. He had his fill, for now. He didn’t require all, at this time, just a good portion. He would save the rest for tomorrow. He looked down at the young woman’s face. She was still alive, and still pretty, but now looked twenty years older than she had just a few moments earlier. The Lord of the East stood and walked to the table upon which the food rested. Roast duck, whey bread, and ruby red wine. He felt suddenly, quite hungry.







































12. Instruction

 Brinn stopped his horse and glanced around. They were in the high pastures of the Benteer Mountains on the Gantu side. Southern Gantu was mainly pestilent swamps, the perfect hiding place for rogues and murderers. Far below them, beyond the foothills, the swamp sprawled out in every direction, half obscured in smoky fog.  Fresh tracks in soft mud was proof that a large party had just come through the pass. At least one hundred men he estimated, plus two or three wagons.
 Brok reined his horse in beside Brinn. ‘Is that them?’ he asked, looking down at the freshly made tracks.
     ‘Yes.’
     ‘How far ahead?’
     ‘Three or four days.’
     ‘Good. We’ve made up some time. The wagons will slow them.’
     ‘It’s probably too late,’ Brinn looked down at the swampy hinterland.
     ‘Why?’
     ‘You ever try to track through swamp? It’s a nightmare. We’ll need a lot of luck, and even then it will be near to impossible. A guide with local knowledge would be a big help.’
‘A guide's out of the question, but we do have a network of informants up here. They could point us in the right direction.’
     ‘It sounds like you have something in mind.’
     Brok almost smiled, ‘Yes as a matter of fact I do. We’ll make for Ash. It’s what passes for a town in this mire. I have a contact there who could be of assistance.’
     ‘Lead the way, I’m at your service.’ Brinn smiled and swept his hand forward in the direction of the swamp.
     Brok lead the group down through the mountain pastures, and into the foothills. After a day’s hard riding they arrived at the start of the wetlands. There were muddy roads leading off in three different directions but only one had fresh wheel ruts. The sun was setting quickly as they set up camp for the night. Rat excavated a small pit for a fire and rations were handed out. The Pathfinders settled down for the night. Lom and Tam took first watch as the Sun disappeared below the horizon. 
     Brok lobbed some dead-wood onto the fire and turned to Brinn, ‘From the signs, it looks like they’re heading towards Ash alright, that’s good. You know, I’m starting to believe we have a fair chance of finding them.’ 
      'I'd say we have more than a fair chance, lad,’ Balzimar sat down beside them and fumbled in his belt pouch.
     ‘How so old man?’ asked Brinn.
     ‘Well you see we have this little thing to help us,’ Balzimar held up his hand and in his palm there was a flat round stone, half the size of his palm.
     ‘A pebble's going to help us?’ Brok looked unconvinced.
     ‘That’s right. Well, it’s more than mere common rock, of course,’ said Balzimar.
     ‘Oh of course,’ Brok looked bemused.
     ‘It’s a seeker stone - very rare these. Took me eighty years to get my hands on this one. Found it among the belongings of a particularly nasty Darkspawn that I…dispatched...but that’s another story,’ he winked.
     ‘So what does it do?’ asked Rat.
     ‘Exactly what it’s supposed to do - seek of course - you numbskull!’ the wizard retorted.
     ‘Seek what?’ Rat looked a little peeved at being rebuked.
     ‘Whatever you are seeking!’ Balzimar’s eyebrows knitted together to become one on his furrowed brow. 
     ‘How does it work?’ asked Brinn, trying to divert the conversation before things got too heated.
     ‘You place it in your palm like so, with the arrow pointing to your heart,’ the old wizard placed the stone in the centre of his palm. A small white arrow had been painted onto the surface at one end. The arrow pointed towards the wizard’s heart. ‘Then you simply have to think of the thing that you are seeking. Simple, eh?’ he grinned happily.
     ‘Here let me have a go,’ Rat grabbed the stone before Balzimar could react and placed it onto his palm with the arrow facing his heart as instructed. ‘Nothing's happening!’ Rat looked annoyed.
     Balzimar grabbed back the stone and slapped Rat’s open palm with his blackthorn stick. 
     Rat shouted in pain as the barbs pierced his skin, ‘What in the name of Badur’s black heart was that for?’ Rat scowled, placing his injured hand under his armpit to help ease the hurt.
     ‘For your lack of manners, oaf!’ Balzimar rapped Rat’s shin with the stick for good measure.
     Rat got up and hopped around on one leg swearing oaths.   ‘You old goat! If you wasn’t here to help I’d--!’ Rat grabbed the hilt of one of his knives and pulled it free from its scabbard.
    Both Brinn and Brok went to intervene but then stopped and started to laugh. For instead of a knife there was a flower clasped in the wily fighter’s hand.
     Balzimar smiled up at the confused man, ‘Why thank you Rat. I accept your apology,’ he leaned forward and deftly took the flower from Rat’s hand. ‘But next time, you must ask before touching - clear?’
     Rat was so shocked he forgot all about the pain.    ‘Cl...cl...clear,’ he finally managed. He backed away, scratching his head while muttering something about seeing how Lom was.
     ‘So where were we?’ asked Balzimar, after Rat departed. ‘Ah yes, the seeker stone. Now what I didn't get a chance to say before was that the user needs to be able to access the power within in order for the stone to work.’
     ‘The power within the stone?’ asked Brok.
     ‘No-no, my lad! The power within yourself. Your essence.’
     ‘What...essence?’
     ‘Your power - your life force - your essence!’ answered Balzimar
     ‘I’m not sure that I follow,’ admitted Brok.
     ‘How can I explain?’ Balzimar scratched his bald patch. ‘You see, there is more to a man, or woman, than can be seen with the eye. Beyond the mere flesh and blood that you can touch and see, there is also our driving force. It’s invisible to the uninitiated of course, but, believe me, it does exist, and can be very potent. Though no two people have the same strength, yet all have it just the same.’
     ‘What’s its purpose?’
     ‘It binds the individual into a whole.’
     ‘I’m lost,’ Brok shook his head.
     ‘You’ve heard of the spirit, have you not?’ asked Balzimar.
     ‘Yes of course.’
     ‘Well it is the spirit, and more. It is everything that you are. It binds you and gives you strength. Not the physical kind but the strength that makes a man do good, rather than evil, though it be the harder option.’
     ‘I see,’ Brinn nodded. ‘Is this – essence - where magic comes from?’
     ‘No. But it’s the first step along that road.  Control of your inner power is the key that unlocks the door to a greater source. Put simply, good essence opens the door to the light, while bad, the door to the dark. But beware! Once a side is chosen, and its door unlocked, there's no going back. Beyond that threshold the adept will find pooled, limitless, reservoirs of good or evil throughout existence and time. So as you can see, it is the quality of your soul that determines from which side you draw.’
     ‘Can you show me how it's done?’ asked Brinn.
     ‘Yes...if you're sure you want it.’
      Brinn thought for a moment, ‘Yes, I’m sure.’
     ‘Very good,’ Balzimar smiled. ‘Steady yourself. You are about to enter a whole new world,’ Balzimar placed the seeker stone into Brinn’s upturned palm.
     Brok felt uneasy. He didn’t understand magic and was quite happy to leave it so. He rose and left the two men to their mutterings. As he left the circle of light that the small fire cast he looked back at Brinn. The stone in his hand was floating and turning in the air all by itself. Balzimar looked very pleased and patted Brinn on the shoulder. Brok shook his head and turned away. Perhaps Tam would like some company, he thought as he walked off leaving the two men to their instruction. 
As he carefully picked his way through the darkness Brok wondered were Tam had gotten too. It was a half moons night, more than enough light to guide his way. Ahead lay a few large rocks and a single beech tree. Brok gently edged closer trying to sneak up on Tam. He liked to practice whenever possible. His boots made no sound as he crept along. He could sense that Tam was close, probably hidden in the rocks. The moon peaked between two passing clouds, and for a moment Brok caught sight of a shadowy figure leaning against one of the larger boulders. ‘Got you,’ he whispered and crouched ready to spring on the unsuspecting man from behind.
     ‘No you haven’t,’ came a voice.
     Brok got a fright. The voice had come from somewhere over his head. As he looked up Tam appeared from a large shadow high in the branches of the tree, he was smiling broadly, with bow in hand and arrow nocked. The figure against the rock had been Tam’s cloak and hat, cleverly made to look like a sentry.
     ‘Just thought you might like some company,’ Brok blustered.
     ‘Mmm.’ Tam slid down, crossed to the rocks and sat.
     Looking up at the sparsely-clouded night sky he sighed, ‘It’s a good night for snagging.’ 
     ‘Snagging?’ Brok’s brow furrowed, ‘What’s that?’ 
     ‘What?’ Tam looked bemused, ‘You city boys, never heard of snagging?’
     ‘Afraid not, care to explain?’
     ‘It’s using a snag-line with a loop or hook on the end to pull Gupfish out of the water. We used to do it all the time back home, me and my friends. There was a big old deserted quarry near where we lived.’
     ‘And that really works?’
     ‘Sure enough does. If we’d the time I’d show you.’
     ‘I’ll take your word for it.’
     ‘Biggest one I ever caught was the length of a man. Damn thing nearly pulled me under. They can get pretty big.’ Tam stared off into the night. ‘My friends saved me that night. Snag-line got wrapped around my leg. I just couldn’t get free and he was taking me down. It took four of them to drag that monster out of the water, and me with it.’
     Tam pulled his hair back from his face. He looked tired. ‘We were close though, like brothers, you know what I mean.’
      Brok nodded.
     ‘We all joined up at the same time, felt so proud marching through the town with all our neighbours cheering and shouting at us like we were heroes.
     ‘Where are your friends posted now?’
     Tam cleared his throat and lowered his head, ‘They’re gone...I’m the last.’
     ‘The war’s been tough all ‘round.’     
     Tam straightened his back, ‘I know...’    
     They sat in silence. Overhead a shooting star whisked across the sky. In an instant it flared and was gone. Crickets and frogs clicked and croaked all around in the darkness as a deep fog crept across the undergrowth obscuring all in its path.







































13. Sanctuary

The fire crackled in the old hearth. Its warmth and glow gave comforting solace to Megan as she prepared herself for sleep. Overhead, the stars winked down from a cold dark sky. She lay, on her back looking up, cocooned in thick soft woolen covers. The roof, now long gone, gave her a wonderfully clear view of the frosty heavens above. The first tendrils of wispy fog passed lazily cross her vision obscuring, in gradual ebb, light of some of the dimmer celestial orbs. Drowsy warmth filled her, dragging her hooded lids down. She surrendered, with welcome relief, to her need for sleep and allowed her weary eyes to gradually close. 
     The firewood gave a loud crack and sprayed small sparks. Her eyes opened again. Above the open roof the fog was thickening. More stars had disappeared, lost from view behind the ever expanding opaque shroud. Again her eyes started to close. She was warm and comfortable snuggled beneath her blankets. Anabel lay beside her. She could feel the warmth of her back. In the other corner, Karem sat snoozing against the wall, the blanket enwrapping his body pulled tight, in clamped fists, beneath his chin. One of his men was sitting beside the fire feeding it with small twigs and pieces of dry wood. Her eyes closed and the world slipped away. 
     Outside Grik and his men lay huddled sleeping, in little groups, around large log-fires. Small though it was, it was apparent, from the relaxed atmosphere, that even the toughened slavers were much happier to be inside the protective boundary-wall of the complex. With a few hefty logs thrown across the entrance to keep unwanted guests out, the wall provided adequate protection from the worst dangers inherent in the swamp. The fog density was increasing at an alarming rate. The sentries watched, with growing fret, as the steadily thickening haze overwhelmed the land. In a matter of minutes it had slipped silently in, stifling breath, numbing extremities and any uncovered flesh. The ponderous flow covered everything with a clinging pervasive damp. It was eerily quiet in the surreal gloom. Even the normally cacophonous frogs and crickets had gone strangely silent.
     Grimp was set to guard the northern end of the compound. He was a low sized stocky man with a scar that ran right across his face from his left temple to just below his right ear. He had long stopped caring about his ruined looks. A toughened outlook was staple when growing up in the wilds, and besides, he enjoyed the way  people instinctively got out of his way when they saw him coming. The scar made him look fierce, and for that alone he deemed it an asset. He oft bragged about how he had gotten it in a bar-brawl, in Gantu-Prime, while facing down three men. He chuckled to himself at the thought, Well, a farm accident when I were twelve don’t quite garner the same kind of awe from an audience. And respect and fear were important in this tough land. When a wrong look could get your guts spilled, reputation was everything. Even if most of the time it was built on lies and exaggerations. The fouler a man’s persona the better his chance of avoiding trouble. It was a simple but accurate decree, and one that had kept him alive in many dangerous situations. Few wished to tangle with a man who looked as though he had been through several wars. He was feeling tired, so he leaned heavily on his spear for support while blankly staring into the milky wall of fog. A shiver ran up his spine. There could be anything out there crawling towards him and he wouldn’t see it until it was too late. He hopped from one foot to the other trying to warm himself. Behind him, in the camp proper, he could make out the light from the three fires that the others were huddled around. Some were already asleep. He could hear their snores quite plainly. He was tempted to sit, but then decided against it. If Hraaj came out to check, he would get a beating. Worse still if it was Grik. He shivered again as he remembered what Grik had done to Mirank when he had caught him dozing on duty. Held him down with those big bear-paws of his. Mirank struggled but it was no use. I remember his screams, like it was yesterday, when Grik sliced them ears off. Grimp took his weight off the spear and struck a more alert pose, while unconsciously fingering at one of his ears.  
      Grik was a bad one alright. You even had to watch him with your pay. He’d jip his own men if he could get away with it, and that just ain’t right! thought Grimp, shaking his head. 
It was getting colder now and the fog was wetting him through. A large splash broke the silence. It came from somewhere out in front of his position. It was hopeless. He couldn’t see a thing. He craned his head as far forward as it would go, for all the use that it did. Turning left and right, he listened carefully. The silence was unnerving, it thundered in his ears.  
      Probably a croc catching dinner, he decided.  What else could it be in this hellhole? Snake, maybe? he thought. He’d heard stories about the big snakes that lived in the most remote parts of the swamp. That was one of Lanwigg’s favourite stories. How back in his home village they’d found a snake so big it had gobbled up a man and his horse together. And when they caught him and opened him up, the man was still sitting atop his mount like he was just going for a jaunt. 
     Grimp chuckled to himself, Lanwigg's a lying bag of puss most of the time, but at least he can spin a good yarn. There was a crack of snapping wood out in the gloom. Grimp was feeling a little exposed so he took two paces back from the wall. The fog swirled past him. His eyes strained to see further out into the gloom. The billowing mist gathered itself into monstrous shapes that looked on the verge of attack before dissipating into transparent wisps. 
     It was maddening. His palms felt slick. A dark shadow rose from the murk. Grimp took a step forward, afraid his eyes were playing tricks again. There was a darker area, within the general mass of foggy gloom, that seemed to be moving very slowly. The fog thinned and two hideous  red eyes bored into his soul. In that terrible instant, Grimp’s heart filled with terror as his trembling legs sank ankle-deep into treacle. His frozen mind rebelled and ran careening away to the darker trackless recesses of his brain, while his gaping mouth issued a silent scream. An enormous serpentine head, emerged from the fog. It hung ten feet in the air, supported by a muscular body. It was a mixture of yellows and greens, except for a single black stripe that ran from the tip of its snout over its head and down its armour-plated spine. 
     The Gwergar lurched forward on powerful legs. Grimp finally managed a scream just before he was torn apart.  The camp became a flurry of movement as men scrambled for their weapons, running left and right in utter confusion. No-one seemed to know where or whom the enemy was. The thick fog reduced visibility to a few short strides. Grik tried to organise those closest to him, but others ran past and disappeared into the gloom never to return. 
     The Gwergar was quick for such a large beast. He used the covering fog well, killing randomly, picking off those foolish enough to stray too far from the main group. The screams of the dead and dying filled the air. He would make them pay for straying too close to his nest, and for the stinging wounds he had suffered at their hands in past. The stick carriers would pay. He hated them, and now they would die. His forked tongue flicked out. He could smell the Two-Legs all around. With a roar of defiance he announced himself. His sinuous tail scythed through a line of men sending blood and entrails exploding outward to shower those slavers still gathered around Grik in chunks of blood-drenched offal. Some broke and ran in mindless panic, tripping over dead bodies and discarding weapons without care, as they fled into the darkness. Karem shook the girls awake at the first sounds of attack, ‘Quickly, we must flee this place!’
     The two women were still half asleep, and looked confused. Outside the stone walls of the little house a thunderous roar shattered the silence.
     ‘What was that?’ Anabel grabbed Karem’s sleeve.
      ‘It’s a Gwergar.’
     The two women looked blankly at him.
     ‘A Swamp-Dragon. It’s been tracking us for days,’ he added.
     ‘A Dragon! Oh sweet divinity, are we going to be burned alive?’ asked Anabel, terror etching her face.
     ‘No, Gwergar are not fire breathers. They are water dwellers, but just as deadly none-the-less. Hurry ladies we must make good our escape before it is too late.’ 
     The women scrambled from their blankets and followed Karem out into the fog. The ground was a mass of dead and dying men. Severed limbs littered the ground and the mud was slick with blood. Five of Karem's personal guard were waiting.   ‘This way, my Lord,’ beckoned a tall Eastlander.
     ‘Quickly now ladies, stay low,’ Karem instructed, as he lead them towards his men. 
Out in the courtyard Grik and his dwindling band of slavers were fighting for survival. There were only fifteen left alive. They formed a circle, back to back, with spears pointing in all directions like the spokes a giant rimless wheel. The Gwergar lunged forward out of the mist grabbing one man by his torso. He screamed in agony and terror as razor sharp teeth sliced through his leather armour. 
     His comrades jabbed and stabbed with sword and spear, but the dragons scales were like steel. Again the monster disappeared into the fog taking the screaming man with him; there was a sickening crunch and the screaming stopped. They could hear the monster as it moved. It’s deep rasping breaths echoed all around, but of the beast itself they saw nothing. It was a game, and they were playthings to be toyed with. Grik noticed one of the heavy crossbows lying on the ground not far from where they stood.  ‘You! Grik pointed to one of his men and shouted, ‘Get me that crossbow!’
     The poor follow looked petrified and didn’t budge. Grik kicked the man hard in the back and sent him sprawling along the ground towards the weapon. There was movement in the fog. A dark shadow darted quickly from right to left.
     ‘Pick it up you worm!’ roared Grik.
     The man fumbled with the weapon. It was covered in blood and slick to touch. As he stood to run back a giant head appeared through the fog looming over him. The Gwergar grabbed hold and dragged the slaver backwards into the murk. The crossbow slipped from his hand and dropped back down into the ooze.     
     ‘You! Grik picked another reluctant volunteer, ‘Get me that piggin' weapon!’
The slaver didn’t wait to be kicked. He took off running at a sprint and grabbed up the crossbow. But just as he started to run back, the dragon burst from the fog behind him and charged towards the small knot of men sending them flying in all directions. More died in a blur of teeth and claws. Grik lay in the mud stunned. The creature was biting and slashing anything that moved. Some managed to scramble away, but most lay dead. 
     The dragon looked down at the one who had led the other stick-carriers. It’s eyes blazed red. Grik turned away. Not wanting to see the killing blow. Beside him in the mud lay the crossbow. He rolled and grabbed up the weapon and loosed a shot at the dragon’s soft neck. The bolt breached the smaller scales there and punctured the flesh. The dragon reared backwards, roared in pain, turned and disappeared into the mist. Grik knelt on the blood-soaked ground and listened as the beast crashed through the undergrowth. The sounds of snapping wood getting fainter the further it fled.  
     A mile up the trail, Karem lead the women away from the scene of the massacre. As their small party struggled through the foggy darkness, knee-deep in sticky ooze, Anabel was struggling to keep up. In the rush to escape they hadn’t noticed that the deep mud was quickly sapping her strength and she was steadily falling behind. Stopping to catch her breath she leaned against the roots of a large mangrove tree. Ahead the others kept moving. Anabel filled her lungs to call out but a strong hand clamped her mouth shut and dragged her backwards into the undergrowth. The others, hearing no sounds of alarm, continued moving ahead. Within a few short steps the fog encroached, and they were gone.




















14.  Eastgate

The new defense line was much reduced, sandwiched, as it was, between the Anvil Mountains to the South, and the Kilgor Marshes of mid-Jarro. The marches were an impassable quagmire of quicksand and sinkholes, located along the  middle swath of the eastern border. The Eastgate bulwark bridged the hill and scrub filled lands between. Three hundred years had passed since Hummak the Great - High King of Anvar - had tried to circumvent the wall by crossing those fetid wastes. He failed, miserably, and lost more than half of his army on the dismal retreat back to Anvar. The stone walls, dikes, and earthworks of Eastgate had successfully protected Jarro from Anvar aggression for four hundred years and now it would be put to the test once again against the largest army the world had ever seen.  
     Thousands of retreating men now clogged the road to Eastgate. Captain Preem and his two hundred Pathfinder cavalry would be among the last to enter the gates. He accepted this dangerous duty, as he always did, with steadfast grit. Someone had to protect the stragglers and wounded, and who better than the Pathfinders. Thus far the retreat had gone well. They were almost within sight of the wall. They would be fighting on home territory for the first time since pushing back AL-Imri’s rampaging hoards during the early years of the war. Though not very picturesque, the low tree-lined hills and scrubby grassland, that made up The Velt, mirrored the lands of south-western Anvar precisely. So alike were they, that an unaccustomed traveller to the area could be forgiven for being unable to tell them apart. Preem peered up at the sky. The clouds were back again, low and dark. He prayed the rain would hold off for another day or two. The road to Eastgate was hard baked clay and stone. A heavy downpour would turn it into mud in a very short time, reducing the already pitifully slow column to a snail’s pace. They had burned the bridge at Farrow. That at least should buy them some time. Thankfully the River E’Ben was in full flow and would be a formidable obstacle to cross, slowing the Eastmen’s advance considerably. 
     Preem looked back over his shoulder. His two hundred horsemen stretched back into the distance enveloped in a cloud of orange-brown dust. Beyond them the empty hills stretched on to the horizon. Though surrounded by friendly troops, he felt exposed. There was an itch in the middle of his back. It was the same feeling that he got whenever danger was close. Death’s bony fingers rested lightly upon his shoulder. He recognised their familiar cold touch. They were being watched. He could feel hidden eyes appraising every weakness. He faced forward again. One hundred heavy pike were bringing up the rear of the retreating column. At least half had an injury of one kind or another. They looked tired and bloodied. His own men sat hunched in their saddles. There had been no time for rest since the retreat had started. They had travelled day and night without stopping once. Those who tried to stop were kicked by the sergeants until they got up. The shout of, Rest in Eastgate or Hell! rang out all along the road. It was an effective spur to flagging minds and bodies. 
     
A ripple of noise ran the length of the rearguard. Preem turned but saw nothing through the haze of dust. Suddenly one of the senior sergeants came galloping towards him from the back of the line. Preem pulled his horse to one side and turned to face him.
     ‘Sir, beg to report!’ The sergeant wheezed, trying to catch his breath. ‘Dust clouds to the rear, sir.’
     ‘Cavalry?’
     ‘Hard to know sir, but most likely.’
     ‘Damn!’ Preem cursed under his breath and paused while thinking.
     The road was bordered on both sides by wooded hills that caused a natural funnel. Spurring his horse he ordered his men to follow. They quickly rode to the head of the line of heavy pike. The officer in charge was a young lieutenant.
     ‘Lieutenant!’ called Preem.
     The young dark-haired officer ran to the captain’s side and saluted, ‘Sir?’
     ‘We’ve got a problem. My scouts have spotted dust to the rear, most likely cavalry.’
     ‘Sir, my men are at your disposal.’
     Preem looked along the line of bedraggled pike-men. ‘How many can you muster? Mind you no heroics, Lieutenant, I only want those  who are fit enough to fight.’
     ‘Yes, sir. Somewhere in the region of seventy I would guess. The rest are just too far gone to be of use.’
     ‘Good, it will have to do. Form a loose line behind my men across the neck of this road,’ Preem pointed to the narrowest point of the funnel.
     ‘Yes, sir!’ The lieutenant saluted and half turned away. But then turned back to face Preem with a confused look on his face. ‘Excuse me, sir. But did you say, behind, your men?’
     ‘Yes, Lieutenant. What’s the problem?’
     ‘It’s just that…well…the normal position for heavy pike is in front of the cavalry, sir.’
‘That’s correct. Position your men as ordered, Lieutenant. But space them wide enough apart so that there's enough room between each man for a horse to pass.’ Preem wheeled away from the young officer, and called two of his sergeants to his side.
     ‘Sergeant Brasko, you take fifty men and to the woods on the left flank. Sergeant Fruro, you take fifty to the woods on the right. Keep out of sight until you hear the call for a charge. Then come out and hit the enemy from behind. Is that clear?’
     ‘Perfectly clear sir,’ nodded Brasko
     ‘Okay then go!’ 
The two men sped off while shouting orders for fifty to follow each, and quickly disappeared into the undergrowth. Preem took the remaining one hundred and stretched them across the road. Behind them the seventy heavy-pike crouched out of sight in the long-grass. All was ready. Ahead the dust cloud was getting closer.
     ‘Lieutenant, when I give you the order you may stand and form your pike, but not before I give the order. Is that clear?’
     The young lieutenant lay on the ground just behind Preem. ‘Yes, sir. At your order, sir,’ he nodded.
     Preem stared ahead and adjusted his helmet to fit more snugly as five hundred light cavalry of AL-Imri’s eastern army came into view one thousand yards in front. They immediately saw Preem’s one hundred horsemen blocking their way. They stopped and surveyed the scene. Officers, wearing golden breastplates, ordered over-eager men into a rough line ready to charge. Preem could hear their drums thumping and strange eastern horns wailing, as they built themselves up into frenzy. At first they came forward at the walk, their officers to the fore of the dark mass waving curved swords and shouting. Then they started to trot. The line wavered a little as small clusters of men, unable to contain themselves, lurched ahead of the main body. 
     They were closer now, almost six hundred yards. Preem looked over his shoulder at the retreating column. They hadn’t gotten far, less than half of a mile, he estimated. They would be helpless against an attack from the rear. Thousands would die if he failed. He looked back at the steadily advancing eastern cavalry. He could see their faces now. They looked excited at the prospect of battle. One or two were standing upright on their cantering steeds. They were truly amazing horsemen. Then they charged, galloping wildly towards his waiting line of men.
     Preem snarled, ‘Swords!’
     The Pathfinders unsheathed swords and stood ready for the onslaught. The Eastmen were only three hundred yards away. Then two hundred. Blood curling screams filled the air. The ground shook with the thunder of hooves. One hundred yards. Preem could see wild-eyed frenzy on their dark faces. Fifty yards. They powered forward, swords pointing, leaning out over their horses necks. Preem roared at the top of his voice.
     ‘Retire to the rear!’
     The Pathfinders spun as one, and looked to be running away from the charging enemy cavalry. The Eastmen lost all composure as they sensed an easy victory. The enemy was fleeing the field. With a joyous roar they prepared to follow and slaughter the cowards. 
Preem stopped his horse, ‘Pike forward!' he roared.
     The hidden pike-men stood and quickly formed an impenetrable wall. The charging eastern cavalry couldn’t stop and ran straight onto them. In a matter of moments the charge turned into a confused mass of horses and men. Those at the front of the charge were all dead. Men and horses alike fell dying, as the skilled pike-men moved forward jabbing and sticking any who tried to pass. The cavalry at the back of the host could not see what was happening and pressed forward into the backs of the middle ranks; who, caught between the dead in front and those pushing from behind, floundered and turned in confused circles.
     Preem knew it was time, ‘Bugler, sound the charge!’ he shouted.
     At the sound of the shrill bugle-call, Preem’s one hundred men charged forward into the fray, hacking and slashing at the confused and demoralized Eastmen. At that same moment Sergeant’s Brasco and Fruro emerged from the woods on either side of the battle and charged into the exposed flanks of the foe.  That was the final straw. What was left of the eastern cavalry turned and fled. The battle was won. The men of Jarro stood and cheered as their enemy, now few in number, retreated back across the valley and out of sight. It had been a great victory against heavy odds. 
 Brasco and Fruro approached Preem, ‘They won’t be back in a hurry, sir,’ laughed Brasco.
     ‘How many did we lose, Sergeant?’ asked Preem.
     ‘Twenty-two dead, thirty wounded, sir.’
     ‘And the pike?’
     ‘Thirteen dead and eighteen wounded, sir,’ answered the young lieutenant.     
     ‘My compliments to both you and your men. That was an admirable job of work.’ Preem said to the young officer of pike.
     ‘Thank you, sir.’
     ‘What’s your name, Lieutenant?’
     ‘It's N’Dhun, sir. Aaron N’Dhun.’
     ‘I will mention you, and your men, in my report. Thanks for the helping hand,’ Preem half-smiled and saluted.
     The young man saluted back,  ‘It was an honour, sir.’
     Preem wheeled his horse away followed closely by his two sergeants. They made their way through the dead bodies and rider-less horses to a point where they could watch the enemy soldiers retreating. They were just in time to see the last traces  of them before they disappeared behind the far off hills.
     ‘Think they’ve had a belly-full,’ grinned Brasco.
     ‘And good riddance too,’ countered Fruro.
     Preem sat staring after the enemy soldiers.
     ‘N’Dhun. Isn’t that the name of the King’s cousin?’ asked Fruro.
     ‘That’s right. General Markas N’Dhun.’ affirmed Brusco.
     ‘Wonder if that lieutenant is any relation, sir?’ Fruro leaned forward towards Preem.
     ‘It's possible,’ answered Preem.
     ‘Might be him that’s givin’ the good report ‘bout us, if his dad's the General,’ smiled Fruro. ‘Could be medals all round ‘fore the night’s out,’ he beamed, slapping Brusco across the shoulder.
     Preem just kept staring ahead. Happy that the enemy cavalry would not be returning, he turned his horse around and headed back towards the rest of the troop.
     ‘What you think, sir? ‘Bout the medals, I mean?’ asked an excited Fruro.
     Preem looked at the sergeant and then back to his front. ‘They can keep the medals...I’d settle for a wash and some hot food.’
     ‘Ya. Now's you mention it - a hot meal would just about clean the slate,’ laughed Fruro as he fell in behind his captain.
     ‘By the twos, forward,’ ordered Preem. The Pathfinder rearguard fell smartly into formation, and set off at a slow walk behind the departing pike-men.

















15. Hard Lessons

No-no-no! You're trying too hard, it must flow naturally.' Balzimar was getting irritated with his new pupil. At first it seemed that Brinn would take to his newfound gift with ease. He could manage to levitate the seeker stone easily enough, but then it just spun aimlessly in his hand. Balzimar was perplexed. If he hadn't been a witness to Brinn's power he would have sworn that the young man had no more than middle to low ability to wield. He snatched the stone out of Brinn's hand, 'Blisters!' he swore. 
'Hey! objected Brinn. 'I thought I was getting somewhere then.'  
'Now listen to me,' continued the wizard. 'Still your mind, and take a deep breath.' 
Brinn followed the now, all too familiar instructions. 
'Close your eyes, and focus on your breathing...yes that's it, very good.' Balzimar placed the stone back onto Brinn's upturned palm. 'Feel the contours of the stone resting on your hand. Concentrate on its weight. Feel the pressure that it exerts as it sits there in the middle of your palm. Now make it rise.' 
Brinn felt a little tickle in the middle of his palm and the stone rose. 
'Excellent! Now, keeping your mind relaxed, I want you to think of Major Brok, and ask the stone to point the way.' 
The stone started to quiver, it jerked a quarter turn, stopped, and started to slowly revolve without stopping. Balzimar groaned and grabbed up the stone again. 
The others sat a distance away watching the lesson but trying not to be too obvious about it. 
'How's he doing?' asked Tam, returning from saddling his horse. 
'Not too good,' remarked Rat. 
Lom cleared his throat, 'He can manage to raise the thing without too much ado...but that seems to be as far as it goes,' he said, while picking at his teeth with a thin piece of stick. 
'Hmm...not too much call for that sort of thing in our line of work,' smirked Tam. 
'No...not really,' agreed Rat. 'Make a good livin' at the county fair. Though he might have to learn to juggle or do a card trick, or somthin', as well. The stone trick would run fair flat after a couple of shows.' 
Lom stifled a laugh, and Brok smiled. 
'Saw a fella' once, that could balance a whole pile of rocks on his head,' Tam sat down. 
'What's so good about that?' asked Rat, scrunching up his forehead. 
'I don't mean three or four, more like ten or more. He'd just get the audience to pick up any rocks or stones laying about. They'd fling them up in the air and he'd get underneath and catch them on his head.' 
'Now that, I would pay to see,' laughed Rat. 'Whereabouts was this fella?' 
'Back home,' said Tam. 'He doesn't do it any more though. Tried to catch a big rock one day and brained himself. Hasn't been right since.' 
Rat laughed so loud he fell backwards off the log he was sitting on. 
 
It was morning, the Sun had just peeked above the horizon. The provisions had been packed away and the horses stood ready. They had camped on the border of the great swamps the night before. It was obvious in which direction the slavers had gone. There had been no attempt to hide the tracks. That worried Brok. They were either supremely confident, or incredibly stupid. More than likely they did not expect to be followed so quickly. After all, it was only just over a week since the ambush.  
Brok sat watching Brinn's feeble attempts to make the seeker stone work. He still didn't know what to make of what had happened the night they were attacked by the Moorg. Magic was alien to him. He feared it. It was not for him. He preferred the feel of his sword in his hand, or the hilt of a well balanced throwing-knife. Brok finally stood and stretched his cold muscles, 'Tam, I want you on point this morning. Lom, you guard the rear. No more than fifty paces! I want you both close by if there's trouble.' 
Both men nodded and went to their mounts. 
'Hey, Wiz', we're leaving,' Rat called to Brinn. 
Brinn was so deeply engrossed in his task that the words slipped unheard passed his ears. The seeker stone had slowed and was making gentle turns on his palm.  
'Brinn! It's time to go,' Rat called again. But still there was no reply. He picked up a pebble, took aim at the back of Brinn's head and threw.  
Brinn turned and swatted the pebble towards a completely surprised Rat. It struck him on his forehead, knocking him back over the log he'd been sitting on.  
The seeker stone on his other palm was pointing in Rat's direction.  
'At last, progress!' exclaimed Balzimar, clapping his hands together. 
Rat lay on the ground looking up at the grey-blue sky. There seemed to be little sparkles whizzing all about wherever he looked. A garish red lump was starting to rise in the middle of his brow.
The humidity was steadily rising as the day wore on. The heat caused sweat, and its pungent odour was like a dinner call to a multitude of tiny flying biters. The Pathfinders were trained to ignore heat, cold, and pain. But, even so, mosquitoes are a torture hard to ignore for very long. All the face and arm slapping in the world will not deter them. It was an impossible fight against an untiring enemy. All but Balzimar were driven to the brink of madness. The old wizard struck his usual cross-legged pose atop Bru. He remained untouched as did, it seemed, the mule. The old man was puffing happily on his pipe as Brinn pulled his horse alongside. 
'Mind if I join you old man?' 
Balzimar moved the pipe to one side of his mouth, 'Course not, my boy.' 
'Hope you don't mind me asking, but...well you never really explained why you were sent?' 
'Simply put, I was sent to give you all a fighting chance.' 
Brinn looked confused, 'There are no better warriors, in the West, than here in this band.' 
'I don't doubt that. In fact, if truth be known, I would happily stake my life on it,' shrugged Balzimar. 
'Then what are you talking about?' 
Balzimar drew deeply from the pipe and blew a long stream of smoke into the air, 'There's more at work here than, your run-of-the-mill, flesh and blood, scoundrels. You've come to realise that, I know. Especially after what has transpired.' 
Brinn looked up the trail for a long moment, and then turned back to the wizard. 
'How did he do it? I can sense when I'm being stalked, call it what you will, I just know,' he paused. 'He almost had me. If not for you we'd all be dead now.' 
'Don't be too hard on yourself. He almost got past my defences too.' 
'It was...unnatural. He left no sign,' Brinn shook his head. 
'He was being helped.' 
'How?' 
'There was something else out there in the darkness. Something...evil.' 
'Another Moorg?' 
'No. It had an altogether different feel to it. Darkspawn.' 
'Darkspawn? Impossible! They no longer exist.' 
'Well Darkspawn or no, it was good at the Arts. It covered that beasts approach, and eased it past most of my defences.' 
'Most, but not all thankfully,' Brinn smiled. 
'Nevertheless, it's for this reason, I was sent. There are forces at work here that are beyond the control of mortal men.' 
'Who sent you?' 
'Askert.' 
'The King's mage?' 
'High Mage of the Council of Mages,' corrected Balzimar. 
'What did he tell you?' 
'Just that he felt a need to send me. He wasn't sure himself, it was just a feeling.' 
'Thank the god's for Askert's gut then.' 
Brinn went to spur his horse on but stopped, 'I'm glad you're here old man,' then with a flick of his heals his horse trotted off towards the front of the group.
The swamp was closing in all around. At times it was hard to see the trail. To any other it would have been a near impossible task. But these men were Pathfinders. They easily found the rout the convoy had taken. As the Sun started to finally set they came across a four day old campsite. Brok grinned. They were on the right trail, and they were catching up. From now on they would have to be very careful.





















16. Swamp Fever

Megan was bereft. She cried until she could cry no more at the loss of her friend. Karem’s men tried to backtrack through the swamp at first light but there was no sign of Anabel. The search stopped when one of the soldiers was taken by a crocodile. It was hopeless. Megan saw the look of resignation in Karem’s eyes. Though he didn’t say it outright she knew what he was thinking. Anabel was dead. At midday Karem finally called a halt to the search.
     ‘Please Karem,’ begged Megan, ‘one more hour, please, I beg you.’
     ‘I am truly sorry, Highness. We have done all that we can. It is far too dangerous to continue,’ Karem spoke softly, and with regret.
     ‘If we go further south perhaps?’ Megan pleaded.
     ‘No. It would simply be a waste of time. We need more men in order to perform an adequate search. We will go to Ash. From there I can organise a search party.’
     ‘But she needs our help now, Karem...please!’
     ‘I’m sorry. We have done all that we can for the time being. There is always the chance that Grik may have found her. She may already be on her way to Ash as we speak,’ Karem walked away and spoke quietly with his men. 
Megan flopped down onto the mud of a mound that was the closest thing to a small island in the water-choked hellhole. Her world had just suddenly imploded. Bad as the whole experience had been, she always had Anabel's company for reassurance. Now she felt completely and  utterly alone. The muscles of her chest and stomach ached and her eyes were red raw. It was the first time that she had lost a close friend, and it was a grievous blow.
     Karem walked back over to Megan and extended his hand. ‘Come, Highness, it is time.’
     Megan clasped his hand and stood. Karem’s men took up protective positions in front and behind. With spears as their only protection against the crushing jaws laying in wait all round, they moved slowly forward as a group. The hours ticked by. This was the hottest, most punishing, time of day, but there was little option but to keep walking. The longer they spent in the wilderness the greater the danger. Megan stumbled on, helped by Karem. 
     It was mid afternoon, the heat was suffocating and the strength-sapping humidity soared. The small amount of fresh water that they carried was used sparingly. Megan’s mouth felt coarse and dry. She had lost far too much moisture. Her tears had come at a heavy price. She stared blankly at the ground, her tired mind starting to wander, her steps becoming erratic. Tripping over a protruding root, her body no longer had the strength to compensate for the imbalance and she crashed to the ground with a thump. Blackness engulfed her.
     ‘Highness!’ cried Karem as he tried, but failed, to stop her fall. Clearing her splayed hair away from her face he felt her forehead. ‘She has fever. Quickly, make a stretcher. We carry her the rest of the way.’
Karem looked worryingly at her limp body, ‘Hold on, Highness. You must be strong...the Master needs you alive,’ he whispered.
Lashing a cloak between two spears they made a stretcher and carried her for hours. It was with great relief that they finally found the raised dirt road that lead toward the town of  Ash. As the Sun started to set they looked for a suitable campsite. Megan was burning up. Karem tried to get her to drink as much water as possible. She managed a few small sips during brief lucid moments. It would not be enough. Karem knew she needed a healer, and quickly. A smaller track lead off the main road. They were still many miles from Ash. They would have to take a chance. If the smaller road  lead to a village they may find a healer there.  
     The track was narrow. Low hanging branches hindered their progress. It was an act of desperation, Karem knew it, but hoped that his gamble would pay off. The light was beginning to fade and it was becoming more and more difficult to see the trail. Sucking mud and fetid water lay either side of the trail. This was not a good place to have to spend the night. They were much too close to the water’s edge for comfort. 
     It was just before the last sliver of daylight abandoned the land to blackness that one of the soldiers noticed a glow in the distance. They struggled on through the ever dimming light, tripping over unseen branches and rocks before finally entering a clearing. A small hut sat atop a piece of high ground. Smoke billowed from the chimney and light shone from its single window. They had made it, but only just. Karem called out to the occupants. The door creaked open and a bent old woman stood glaring at them in the twilight.
     ‘Hello. We are in need of aid and saw your light from the distance.’ 
     ‘What be the problem?’ the old woman looked sceptical.
     ‘My friend is very sick. She has fever. We are in need of a healer.’
     ‘Pfftt...a healer? Not around these parts,’ she snorted and reached for an oil lantern beside the door then walked down the rickety steps towards the stretcher. ‘ I done a bit of healin’ meself in past. I’ll have a look if you like.’
     ‘Please do, and thank you,’ nodded Karem.
     The old woman knelt beside Megan and felt her brow. ‘Aye, she be burnin’ up...bring her inside, can’t do naught out here in the black. And mind you be careful liftin’ her. She’s enough without you addin’ to it an’ makin’ old Gwen’s job harder.’ she led the way into the shack with the lantern. Inside, the one-roomed hut  was sparsely decorated. A large, lumpy-mattressed bed took up most of one end, two arm chairs and a table the other. A fire crackled in the corner giving off welcome heat. It was a neat and tidy room with few luxuries, but cosy. ‘On the bed,’ she ordered.
Karem’s men gently lifted Megan onto the bed and covered her with blankets.
     ‘Now, as for you lot, ain’t enough room in here for you all, so outside with you. You can camp near the shack.’ 
     ‘Thank you for your help,’ said Karem, as he turned to leave.
     ‘You have the look of nobility ‘bout you...penny says I’m right,’ she said, sticking a bony finger into Karem’s chest.
     ‘I’m a Lord, as such...in my homeland.’
     ‘Ha! Knew it. Not much fal-dal’s roun’ here, me-Lord. But you’re welcome to a comfy arm-chair if you wants it.’
     Karem smiled, ‘Thank you, it would be most welcome.’
     ‘There’s a chicken coop and veggie patch round back of the house. Tell your men to help ‘emselves. But leave the big red hen, she’s me best layer.’
     ‘Thank you, Gwen.’
    
 Gwen mixed roots and bark and made a hot drink. She spent most of the night getting Megan to sip small amounts of the concoction. From the way that Megan screwed up her face after each sip it looked to be a bitter brew. Gwen had a stew on the boil. To Karem it tasted better than a banquet at any of the high tables in the kingdoms of the East.  He slept for a few hours as best he could on the armchair, then just before dawn he awoke with a jump, ‘How is she doing?’
Gwen had pulled the other chair over beside the bed to better watch over Megan, ‘She be fine. Fever’s broke,’ she was touching Megan’s brow.
     Karem thought for a few moments, ‘What are you doing out here all alone, Gwen?’
     Gwen sat back in the chair and looked over at Karem. ‘Husband was a croc hunter,’ she shrugged.
     ‘Where is he now?’
     ‘Where most of ‘em ends up...belly of a Crok,’ she grinned.
     ‘I’m deeply sorry,’ Karem flushed, ‘I didn’t--’
     ‘Ha! Twas a long time ago, I’m long over it. Anyways, he was fond of the drink...an’ usin’ his fists. Didn't know it at the time, but that old croc probably did me a kindness in the end.’ she nodded, and added a conspiratorial wink. 
     ‘Even so, it must be a lonely life out here all by yourself?’
     Gwen shrugged her shoulders again, ‘It’s me home, an’ I got all I need. Couldn’t see meself in one of dem towns like Ash or Briar. Too many busybodies wantin’ to know your business. No thank you!’ she shook her head, ‘I’m happy as I am. I bothers no-one, an’ no-one bothers me.’
     Just then Megan groaned and stretched.
     ‘Well there ya are now dear. How you feelin’?’
     ‘Like someone cut my head off and then sewed it on backwards. Oh!’ she groaned, feeling her temple.
     ‘That be the Aldberry Root. It’s good for when your ailin’, but it leaves you feelin’ a mite kicked,’ laughed Gwen.
     After a stout breakfast they were all feeling a lot better. Gwen furnished them with one of her husband’s maps and they also purchased one of his old shallow-draft boats. The water was deeper out here away from the road so they would be able to use the waterways to get them to Ash. Karem paid the old woman handsomely and thanked her for her aid. As early morning Sun peeked over the far off horizon, they said their good-byes and set off for Ash.





17. Saved by the Devil

Anabel had fought against the hands that held her, but a swift punch had ended her struggle. When she finally came too, she was being carried over someone’s shoulder. Her hands were tied behind her back and she was gagged. They were still in the swamp. She could see the muddy water swirling around the man’s legs, as he struggled against the pull of the sticky mud. A voice called out from somewhere behind, ‘Easy Lagnu don’t drop her. Do you want me to take her for a bit?’
     ‘I’m okay. We’re nearly past the worst of it anyways.’
Anabel managed to catch a glimpse of the second man. It was one of Grik’s slavers. A cold shiver ran through her body. Grik and his men were vile animals, lacking even the most basic elements of decency. The man carrying her had become stuck and was finding it hard to free himself from the mud.
     ‘Give us a push, Frenn! Bloody mud’s partial to me boot.’
Frenn duly obliged and pushed the man free of the ooze. The ground became more solid.
     ‘How much further to the trail?  asked Frenn.
     ‘Not far now, few minutes should do it.’
     ‘Don’t know why you bothered with her. She’s more trouble ‘an she’s worth.’
     ‘Told you I’m not leavin’ without bein’ paid, and she’s me pay.’
     Frenn scratched his head, ‘What you mean?’
     ‘She’ll be worth a bit over in the ports. Get a pretty penny for her over there I will. They’re always be lookin’ for fresh meat for the brothels,’ Lagnu patted Anabel's bottom. She wanted to scream, but managed to stay silent.  
     ‘But what about the gold that Karem fella owes us. You’re not letting that go are you?’
     ‘I am. I wants to get as far away from that lot as I can. Had nothin’ but bad luck since we signed up with ‘em, an’ I mean to start changin’ it right now.’ 
     ‘Spose your right. Leastways you were right about scarperin’ last night. Do you think anyone else got away?’
     ‘Not sure. Don’t think so. Last I saw, that thing was makin’ mince meat of ‘em all.’
     ‘Even Grik?’
     ‘He was in the bunch alright.’
     ‘Damn!’
     ‘Thought you hated him?’
     ‘I did! But the blaggard owed me,’ Frenn kicked a rotten branch in anger. ‘That’s the end of that then.’ 
     ‘At last! Here’s the trail,’ said Lagnu. 
     ‘I knew you’d get us out,’ laughed Frenn. ‘How much further to Ash?’
     ‘Too far, for today leastways. It’ll be dark in a few hours. Better make camp while we still have light.’
     ‘I’ll get a fire goin’, we can dry off a bit,’ Frenn started looking for kindling.
Lagnu gently placed Anabel on a dry patch of ground, ‘You can stop pretendin’ now. I knows your awake.’
Anabel opened her eyes and looked at the slaver. His black hair was receding, and a leather patch covered his left eye. A ragged scar ran down his forehead and disappeared under the patch before reappearing again and continuing down his cheek. His one good eye was as dark as his soul, and his sneering grin exposed yellow broken teeth. He looked hungry. But not for food.
     Frenn, a slim weasel type, was gathering a pile of sticks into a bunch on the ground when he noticed Lagnu hovering over Anabel. He smiled, ‘So how fresh does she have to be then?’
Lagnu grinned and looked into Anabel's terrified eyes, ‘She's a looker, so I 'spect we’ll still get a fair price even if she's mostly fresh. Not premium mind, but fair all the same.’
Frenn laughed and rubbed his hands in glee. Just then there was a crack of snapping twigs. Both men froze. The light was starting to fade and it was hard to see further than a few yards in any direction through the thick foliage. More cracking sounds followed, but louder now. Whatever it was it was getting closer. The men stood and drew their swords. A dark figure lurched out of the gloom. The slaver’s jaws hung slack at the sight of Grik standing before them. He still carried the crossbow.
     ‘Boss, your alive! I mean...’ exclaimed Frenn.
     Grik coldly eyed the two men, ‘What happened to you two last night?’
     ‘We...ar...em...’ stuttered Frenn.
     'Got knocked senseless,' interrupted Lagnu. 'When we come too we got lost in the fog. Been trampin’ about tryin’ to find our way ever since.’
     Grik looked at Frenn, ‘That the way of it?’ 
     ‘Aaa...aye, that’s it, Boss...been lost’er ‘an a fish ’n the desert,’ Frenn grinned nervously.   
     ‘What ye got there?’ Grik pointed at Anabel, who was still trussed and gagged.
     ‘Oh her…we come across her last night. She tried to make a run for it in the confusion. We was bringin’ her back to Ash. Knew we’d meet up with you there,’ answered Lagnu.
Grik walked over to Lagnu, and stood so close to him that their faces almost touched. He stared into the slavers only good eye. ‘Good...well done,’ he growled. ‘Ye did a good job...the both of ye.’
Lagnu was beginning to sweat nervously, ‘Thanks, Boss...thought it was for the best.’
     ‘Cause, you know, a few of the boys ran last night! Can’t blame ‘em I spose. Well...now I thinks on it...I can blame ‘em! An’ if they turn up...I’ll be blamein’ ‘em personal like. Know what I mean?’
     Lagnu and Frenn looked ashen faced. 
     ‘Now, let’s have a look-see at what you caught,’ Grik smiled as he walked over and knelt beside Anabel.
     ‘Let's get this gag out the way first. Is it you, my pretty?’ he removed the gag and pulled Anabel’s hair back from her face.    
     ‘Get your vile hands off  me, you pig!’ shouted Anabel.
      Grik was momentarily surprised by the sudden outburst. ‘No 'tain't, my pretty. Shame. And how are you this fine evenin’, Lady Anabel?’
     ‘I was happier amongst the snakes and crocodiles!’
     ‘You have spirit I like that,’ he grinned
     ‘Untie me and I’ll show you spirit, you hairy brute!’
     ‘You know, I believe you would too,’ he smiled, and gently stroked the side of her face.
     Anabel turned her head and bit his thumb. 
     Grik screamed, ‘Agh! You vicious wench,’ he roared as he  pulled his hand away.
     Anabel kicked out and caught Grik across his ribs. Grik jumped back away from her blows, while still cradling his wounded hand.
     ‘She’s a bit of a wildcat, Boss,’ laughed Frenn.
     Grik shot the man a murderous look. Frenn suddenly found great interest in examining his boots.
     Grik gave a chuckle, ‘She is at that. Packs a wallop too for such a small parcel.’
     ‘Want me to open your present for you, Boss?’ leered Lagnu, while pulling a wicked curved knife from his belt.
     Grik turned and looked at Lagnu, ‘Touch a hair on her head and I’ll gut you from gullet ta gizzard!’ there was bile in Grik’s words.
Lagnu stopped smiling and quickly returned the knife to its scabbard.
     Grik turned to the two slavers, ‘I’ll make it plain so’s there’s no confusion. Touch her and ye die. Understood?’ 
     ‘Yes, Boss,’ they both nodded.
     ‘The deal was to deliver ‘em to Ash, unharmed, or no payment. And I mean ta get me gold. Come between me and that, and ye’ll rue the day ye first drew breath. Okay?’
     ‘Okay, Boss. We didn’t mean nothin’...improper like,’ squirmed Frenn.
     Grik looked sternly at Lagnu. 
     ‘Course, Boss. We’d never touch her,’ he answered quickly.
     ‘Good! Now get that fire goin'. It’ll be dark afore long, an' I’m feelin' the chill.’




































18.  Briefing

King Fredrik of Jarro stood looking out of the great arched window of his private chambers, his face contorted by a worried frown. The news from the front was always bad of late. He had grown used to it and, to date, had been able to bare it with strength and tenacity. But the loss of his beloved daughter seemed to suck the life out of the once vibrant monarch. The pain was simply too much to bear. He was losing interest in the essential affairs of state, and seemed to be withering by the day. 
     A fire crackled in the hearth. Overhead the mantle hung a painting of his late wife Queen Rosalynn. Fredrik glanced up at the painting. Megan was so like her mother. He sighed heavily. Behind him two of his most senior generals, Markas N’Dhun and Drogo Chael, stood patiently awaiting his council. The news rarely changed. A retreated here, a tactical withdrawal there. He turned and walked back to the large mahogany table in the centre of the room. On it lay a map of the whole territory. He paused and looked at the markers showing the positions of the various battalions. Eastgate was home territory.  They were running out of space and men too, he acknowledged.  ‘How goes the recruitment, General?’
‘It goes well, Sire. We’ve press-ganged all of the available men from fourteen to sixty, from here to Averlyn,’ said Markas N’Dhun, the King’s cousin on his mother’s side.
     ‘How many?’
     ‘About five thousand, Sire,’ answered N’Dhun.
     ‘Only five thousand!’ the King exclaimed. ‘That won’t even cover our losses for the last two months!’
     ‘True, Sire, but a willing bunch, and eager to get to grips with the enemy,’ said Chael.
     The King stared at the map again and at all the markers apportioned to the enemy divisions. ‘Cradle and cane,’ he shook his head solemnly, ‘is that what we are reduced to now?’ he mumbled.
     ‘Sire?’ said N’Dhun.
     ‘Nothing, General, just thinking aloud. How goes the training?’
     ‘As well as can be expected, Sire. It may take a little longer than normal to get them into shape, but they are making progress,’ said N’Dhun.
     ‘How long before they can take the field?’
     N’Dhun glanced at Chael, ‘The formal training has only just started, Sire. Weapons and armour have been distributed and billets assigned-’
     ‘How long, General?' Interrupted the king.
     ‘A month to six weeks, at least.’
     ‘Six weeks!’ bellowed the King. ‘Six weeks is an eternity!  Time runs short, General.’
     ‘Some are at a more advanced stage of training than others. We could send perhaps...a thousand...to the lines in three to four weeks if needed,’ offered N’Dhun.
     The King thought for a moment. ‘Okay, make it so. But only if they are truly ready. I don’t want you sending half trained men to their slaughter. Lights above, that’s the last thing we need!’
     Fredrik leaned over the map once more. His eyes strayed away from the battlefield toward the swamps of Gantu and beyond, ‘Has there been any further news on the whereabouts of the Princess, General Chael?
     ‘Our spies say that she was definitely taken into Gantu, Sire.’
     ‘For what purpose? Ransom? Revenge? And by whom?’ the King growled, and thumped his fist down onto the tabletop.
     ‘That's harder to presently ascertain, Sire,’ said Chael.
     ‘Then I suggest you find out!’ the King shouted. ‘I don’t care if you have to break a thousand heads, or hand over the keys to the treasury! Do whatever it takes to find my daughter and bring her home safely!’ Tears filled the old monarch’s eyes. ‘Do you understand, General?’
     ‘Yes, Sire, I do. We have...’ Chael hesitated.
     ‘Our best men are on her trail, Highness,’ interrupted N’Dhun. ‘All possible measures are being exercised. They will be found, Sire.’
     ‘Best men indeed. I hope you're not referring to that murdering cut-throat, Thronso.’
     ‘Among others, Sire.’
     ‘I’m afraid I do not hold as high an opinion of the man as you, Markas. It will take more than a back alley assassin to remedy this situation I feel.’
     ‘If I may speak plainly, Sire?’ said Chael.
     ‘Indeed, General, speak your mind.’
     ‘Begging your pardon, Sire, but Captain Thronso is more than a back alley assassin. He has twice won the highest bravery honour in your service. Before his fall from grace, that is.’
     The King was getting redder and looked on the verge of exploding.
     ‘But more importantly, Sire. The group is being lead by one of our very best officers,’ interrupted N’Dhun, trying to dissipate the growing tension.
     Fredrik looked crossly at the general, ‘And that is?’
     ‘Major Antillus Brok of the Pathfinder battalion.’
     ‘Brok?...Brok? Ah yes, I remember him! A fine officer. Lead the charge at Tremblo Ridge, if memory serves.’
     ‘That is correct, Sire. You presented his citation personally.’
     ‘Yes a fine fellow indeed,’ affirmed the King.  ‘Well at least we have one good man on which to rely.’
The King walked over to the fireplace and looked dreamily into the flames. He stayed there for long moments before speaking, ‘We’ve had news...from Prince Ralto of E’Ben,’ he almost stuttered. ‘It seems his father, King Mallik, is poorly and not expected to last much longer.’
     ‘Did he make any mention of aid, Sire? asked N’Dhun.
     The King kept looking into the flames as he spoke. ‘With regards to the kidnapping of the Princess Royal…he sends his deepest regrets.’
     ‘And what of the alliance. Will he join us, Sire? inquired Chael.
     ‘I’m afraid that, there too, he is also most regretful, General. It seems, gentlemen, that we are on our own. General Chael, if you would please excuse us. I would like to speak to General N’Dhun alone.’
     ‘Of course, Sire. I’m yours to command,’ Chael bowed and pressed a fist against his chest in salute, then turned and left the room.
     As the door closed Fredrick turned to his cousin. ‘I not forgotten about Anabel in all of this, Markas. I just wanted you to know that.’
     ‘Thank you, Fredrik.’
     ‘I gave clear orders. Anabel is as dear to me as my own daughter.  The same effort will be made to bring her out safely, cousin.’
     ‘I suspected as much,’ Chael nodded, but a wave of relief washed across his face nonetheless.
     ‘How is Agnest taking it? asked the King.
     ‘Like any mother would...badly.’
     The King nodded, and looked down at the floor, his sadness evident, ‘Have you heard from Aaron lately?’
     ‘He’s with his battalion at the front. The last that we heard he was doing well.’
     ‘This war, Markas,’ the King shook his head sadly, ‘if I could stop it by giving my life, I would say small price and do so willingly. But I fear the enemy’s plan is darker than we know, and his goals beyond our understanding. This much I do know. He is spurred by more than lust for conquest alone.’ 
     ‘Sire, even if your life were the only price, your men would fight to the last rather than pay it. We are yours unto death, my King.’
     The old King smiled and nodded. ‘Thank you, Markas, my loyal friend.’
     ‘Now, Sire, with your permission, I will look to my new recruits. I'll make them a force of which you can be proud.’
     The King nodded and the General turned and left the room. Fredrick’s eyes returned to the map on the table and to the fetid swampland that was Gantu. He wondered where she was in that hellhole, and if she was still alive. He quickly banished that thought. Then an image of a crouching black panther entered his mind, he smiled. And for some unknown reason felt a little better. At least now she would have a chance.































19. Ash

Ash, a large fortified town of over three thousand inhabitants, was a staging point on the slave road from the western port cities of Rigby and Gantu-Prime to the slave markets of Kirtuk in Amaran, and Mabak-Var in Anvar.  Over half of the town was given over to holding pens for storage and feeding of captives.
     A rough-hewn log wall encircled the entire settlement. Tall wooden towers, filled with armed guards, spaced every two hundred yards, or so, a precaution against escape rather than fear of attack. Megan was glad to finally place her feet on solid ground. They tied the boat up at one of the many jetties on the southern wetland approach and were slowly making their way towards the centre of town. Dangerous looking men walked the streets, or gathered in small groups boisterously talking and laughing. The roads were brown mud latticed by wheel ruts hard baked in the heat of the summer sun. There were three large taverns spread about the town. The Mangrove was the best, by Ash standards at least. Karem arranged for rooms for the night, allowing Megan her first proper wash in days. The window of her room was barred. She suspected the room was used for - special - guests; ones that needed a little extra watching. Karem had her clothes washed and returned while she bathed. She quickly dressed and ate the food that had been left on the table by her bed. The evening shadows were starting to lengthen when a scullery girl entered, lit the lamps and prepared the fire in the corner. The girl was plump and not very attractive. Her clothes were worn and dirty and she seemed a very timid sort.          
     ‘Hello,’ said Megan.
The girl looked up and nodded, but then turned back to lighting the fire.
     ‘What’s your name?’
     The girl looked towards the closed door, then back to Megan, ‘I’m Treena, Ladyship,’ she said quietly.
     Megan saw how nervous the girl was, ‘What’s the matter, Treena?’
     ‘I’m not sposed to talk to you, Ladyship,’ she whispered.   ‘I’d get a lickin’ if they heard me.’
     ‘Oh I see,’ said Megan sitting down on the end of her bed. ‘We could keep our voices down so they won’t hear, if you like.’
The girl looked back over at the door again before turning back to Megan, ‘I spose, but we’ll have to be quick, malady, I’m ‘spected downstairs in a minute.’                            
     ‘Thank you, Treena.’ Megan paused then whispered, ‘What is this place called?’
     ‘Why, it’s Ash, malady,’ Treena looked surprised at Megan's lack of knowledge.
     ‘Is there a magistrate, or sheriff in the town?’
     ‘Not as I know.’	
     ‘Who is in charge then?
     ‘The slavers ma’am. They own the whole place. This here's a slaver town.’
     Megan slumped backwards, ‘Where are the nearest government officials?’
     ‘Government...don’t know about all that, m'lady. Maybe Gantu-Prime. All I know is there’s none out here in the wilderness.’
     Just then the door opened and Karem entered the room. Treena finished up lighting the fire and left.
     ‘I trust you are comfortable, Highness?’
     ‘Yes, thank you.’
     ‘You have been fed adequately?’
     ‘Yes I was, thank you.’
     ‘Is there anything you require?’
     ‘Yes. You can tell me what is being done about Anabel. You promised to organise a search party.’
     ‘That is being taken care of as we speak. On the morrow a large party will go and retrieve the wounded and dead.’
     ‘And search for Anabel? Megan’s eyes pleaded.
     ‘Of course, Highness. They will conduct a thorough search for survivors,’ Karem paused. ‘On another matter, my master Lord Alsheer has returned and will be joining us for the next leg of the trip, accompanied by two hundred of his best light cavalry. So, please, rest soundly, Highness. As you can see, your safety is of paramount importance to my master.’
     ‘And where will the next leg take us?’
      Karem smiled as he backed out the door, ‘I will inform my master of your query.’ 
     ‘Can you not answer the question yourself?’ 
     ‘It's not my place, Highness. But I will convey your question at an opportune moment. Lord Alsheer's time, you will understand, is constrained by recent events.’
     ‘When will you ask?’ Megan pressed.
     ‘Later, Highness, after sunset. He is...much too busy at this precise moment.’ Karem was still smiling that fixed smile of his as he closed and locked the door.
Just before the door closed completely Megan saw one of Karem's men standing guard just outside in the hallway. They were keeping a very close eye on her.

Karem walked down the hallway and entered his room. The curtains were closed tight, shutting out the last of the evening sun. The only light, came from the crackling fire in the corner. A hunched figure sat in one of the large armchairs, his pupil-less eyes as dark, deathly, and emotionless as those of a coiled serpent. 
     ‘Master, the Princess has been made as comfortable as is possible in this wallow.’
     ‘Good. We'll not tarry overlong here. Asss sssoon asss ssshe hasss had sssome ressst we will be leaving thisss place for Ssshan-tu.’
     ‘I will make the arrangements,’ nodded Karem.
     ‘Isss there any newsss of the othersss from the group?’
     ‘A search party is to be sent to the site of the attack at first light.’
     ‘What are the chancesss of sssurvivorsss?’
     ‘Slim, Master. The creature was...efficient. A most regrettable incident.’
     Alsheer gave a hissing inhuman laugh, ‘Yesss, regrettable, but it hasss worked to our advantage, hasss it not? Truly, a mossst fortunate occurrence,’ again he laughed. ‘Though a great pity about, Lady Anabel, it mussst be sssaid.’
      ‘It was a disappointment, Master, and unforeseen.’
      ‘It would have been nice to produce her asss well. It would have been...a bonusss. But at leassst the Princessss isss in our keep. That isss the mossst important thing,’ he nodded. ‘Now that Grik and hisss men are dead there will be no financial demandsss,’ another hissing laugh followed.
     Karem stood with head bowed in front of Alsheer, ‘When do you wish to leave for Shan-tu, Master?’
     ‘Let her get a few hoursss sssleep firssst, Lord Torizzz. But we will make hassste before midnight. I want to be away from thisss place asss quickly asss possssible.’ Alsheer gazed off into the distance as if thinking of some unknown terror. In his twisted mind came the image of a black panther with white fangs bared. He shook his head to clear the image. ‘Midnight, Lord Torizzz, and not one minute later!’ he snapped. 
     ‘Of course, Master. I will see to it at once.’ Karem had never seen fear on his master’s face. It was most disquieting. He exited the darkened room and quietly walked down the corridor only stopping to listen at Megan's door. The sound of deep, sleep induced, breathing was emanating from the room. ‘Good. Sleep now. You will need your strength in the coming days,’ he whispered. Content, he continued on down the corridor, down the stairs and out of the door of the inn. The night was fast approaching. He quickened his step; time was precious. He disappeared into the gloom, about his master’s business.









20. Ransom

They reached Ash after a daylong trek in sweltering heat. Grik had storage pens and quarters in the town. He clamped his hand around Anabel's arm and forcibly marched her into his private chambers. Inside the cramped room there was a large bed covered with animal furs, a table, and a couple of uncomfortable looking wooden chairs. 
     A single slit window allowed natural light to brighten the pervading gloom. There was a second door in the back wall. He walked Anabel to it, opened the lock, and pulled back a long iron bolt. Shoving the door open he pushed her inside and closed it again behind her. She was plunged into darkness. She listened to his heavy steps retreating as he walked away. There was a thud as he closed the outer door and locked it shut. She could hear his deep voice thundering orders to his men; guards were being placed in position outside. 
Fumbling around in the darkness she found the far wall and slid down onto the floor with her back pressed against the coarse wooden planks. Her eyes strained to focus in the pitch black. A crack of light shone through a gap in the bottom of the door. Gloomy shapes started to take form as her vision slowly adjusted. Then she heard a noise. It came from further back in the gloom. Her heart jumped in her chest.
     ‘Please don’t be afraid,’ said a female voice. ‘I’m a prisoner too.’
     ‘Who are you?’ asked Anabel.
     ‘My name is Merrith.’ 
     A dark, vaguely human, form shuffled towards her and  took hold of Anabel’s hands. The figure lead her to a bed at the back of the cell where they both sat down.
     ‘So, what’s your name, m'lady?’
     ‘How did you know that? asked a shocked Anabel. ‘How did you know that I was highborn? Are you a seer?’
     ‘No,’ laughed Merrith. ‘Nothing quite so mystical. It's your hands. Much too soft for a commoner. And manicured nails are rarely found on milkmaids and field hands,’ she explained.
     ‘I’m Anabel.’
     ‘Good to meet you, Anabel. Though we can’t rightly see each other.’
     Anabel laughed. Merrith’s outline was beginning to take form as her eyes became accustomed to the low light. She could just make out Merrith’s face and long hair. ‘Have you been here long?’
     ‘About eight weeks. I was captured, along with others from my village.’
     ‘What happened to the rest of your people?’
     ‘Still in the slave pens...or gone to the markets,’ her sombre tone conveying despair.
     ‘That’s truly awful. I had heard that slavery was common in Gantu, but never really let it sink in, I’m ashamed to admit.’
     ‘It’s all too real. The people have become so accustomed to it that the Freemen now accept it without question. Any who try to fight back are quickly beaten into submission and afterwards paralysed by fear.’
     ‘Freemen?’ asked Anabel.
     ‘The farmers, hunters, and villagers of the hinterlands. Most are migrants looking to escape the corruption and squalor of the over-populated port cities. It’s sad. They thought that coming into the wilds would provide a better life. But in the end they were walking right into a trap. The government actively encourages resettlement and then abandons them to fend for themselves knowing that they will end up in the slave markets of the East.’
     ‘How can the people accept such an abhorrent thing?’
     ‘It's easy. The slavers are well organised and brutal. Any village that tried to rise would be crushed. Some have tried and paid the price.’
     ‘Then why stay?’
     ‘Where would they go? West to the ghettos of Gantu-Prime or Rigby? Perhaps, North, to the slave plantations? The South is quicksand and impenetrable swamp filled of all kinds of nightmarish creatures. And the eastern border, if you were lucky enough to make it that far, is the very centre of slaver activity.’
     ‘Are there any who would stand and fight?
     ‘Some, but not many. It’s rumoured that escaped slaves have set up a community deep in the swamps and are gathering strength before returning. But that story has been told for far too many years now. It is more a dream than reality, I suspect.’ 
     ‘I hope you’re wrong Merrith. No-one should have to suffer this. It’s an outrage that must be stopped.
     
 
It was getting late, the sun was long set as Grik made his way towards the Mangrove Inn. His mood was sullen at the loss of so many of his best men. They could be easily replaced, sure enough. There were always men available for hire in Ash. But that was not the point. It was an imposition, and someone would have to pay dearly for it. He mounted the steps to the door. The Inn was always open for business, day and night. The warm yellow light shining through the curtained windows and the sound of raucous voices attested to the fact.  He opened the door and walked in. Heads turned to look. Some acknowledged him, others turned back to their conversations. Karem was eating at a table in a quiet corner of the room. Grik approached and sat without asking if he could.
     ‘It's good to see that you survived,’ Karem smiled.
     ‘No thanks to you. I saw ye slink off while we were dyin’.’
     ‘My instructions were to protect the females at all costs. I was simply doing my job.’
      ‘And not a very good job you did. I come across one of ‘em out there in the waste.’
     ‘Lady Anabel? You found her? Is she alive?’
     ‘Oh she’s prime. Tucked up safe and sound,’ Grik smiled, exposing the ruined black stumps that filled his mouth.
     Karem scanned the room, ‘Where is she? Lord Alsheer will be pleased to hear of her return.’
     ‘She’s safe...for now. You’ll get her back when I’ve the gold ‘at’s owed me.’
     Karem dabbed a napkin to his mouth, ‘Of course. I will arrange it at once with Lord Alsheer.’
     ‘Well now, that’s regular. I’ve a free hour to kill, so why don’t we go see him now? Get it all tidied up nice and proper,’ Grik smiled malevolently.
     ‘Why not indeed,’ Karem smiled coldly back. ‘If you will follow me upstairs. Lord Alsheer has lodgings here. He will, I’m sure, be more than happy to compensate you for the excellent job that you have performed,’ Karem rose and slid his chair away from the table.
     ‘We’ll see on that score,’ smirked Grik. ‘Maybe not so happy when he’s heard me out,’ he mumbled so that Karem couldn’t hear.
Karem lead the way up the stairs and stopped outside Alsheer’s door, ‘Wait here!’ he glanced at Grik. ‘I will inform, Lord Alsheer, that you wish to speak with him.’ He entered the dark room closing the door behind him. After a few moments the door opened again. Karem beckoned Grik to enter. It was dark, but for the flickering light of the fire. Alsheer sat in a comfortable looking armchair. Before him was a round table. ‘Ssso good to sssee you again, Ssslavemassster. Lord Torizzz hasss informed me of the terrifying eventsss that took place in the ssswamp. A very unfortunate sssituation indeed.’
     ‘Yes, terrifyin’, m'lord, it was a hellish thing to behold! I lost a lot of good men to that beast.’
     ‘Yesss very unfortunate, and unforessseen. Even the bessst of plansss cannot cover all eventualitiesss,’ Alsheer waved his hands in an all encompassing gesture. 
     ‘An’ you’ll get no belly-achin’ from me on the subject...as long as I’m properly compensated of course.’
     ‘I sssee,’ a wooden chest rose from the ground and landed gently on the table. The lid opened by itself; it was full of gold coins. ‘I believe our agreement wasss two thousssand gold marksss wasss it not?’  
     Grik’s eyes bulged at the sight of the gold and his greedy hands started to sweat, ‘’At’s right, m'lord,’ Grik pulled his eyes away from the glinting coins. ‘But I’ve extra costs to cover now that were never part of the deal.’
     Alsheer clasped his hands together and supported his chin, ‘Go on.’
     ‘Well now, m'lord. I lost a lot of men an’ equipment in that there swamp. Grik’s palms were getting very slick. But not from looking at the chest of gold. He had suddenly realised what a dangerous situation he was in.
     Alsheer did not move, ‘I’m lissstening, Ssslavemassster, pleassse continue. What price, in your essstimation, would adequately cover your lossssesss?’
     ‘Well you see, Lords,’ Grik looked pleadingly from Alsheer to Karem, and back to Alsheer again as he spoke. ‘There’s all them widows now, ‘at has to be compensated. Children without fathers ‘at needs support ‘til they can look after ‘emselves, you understand.’
     ‘What amount would cover their...lossss?’
     ‘Five thousand gold pieces, m'lord,’ Grik swallowed hard, a solitary bead of sweat trickled, slowly, down one side of his face.
     Alsheer said nothing for a moment, ‘You do realissse, that I could take, Lady Anabel, by force and leave you penniless.’
     Grik looked back and forth from  Karem to Alsheer, ‘Oh, you’re talkin’ ‘bout them two hundred cavalrymen of yours camped outside the town,’ Grik fixed Alsheer with an resolute stare, ‘You see, m'lord, it’s Ash counsel policy to watch all newcomers to the town environs. Be assured that there are five hundred men surroundin’ your force at all times. Though ye can’t see ‘em. No, that would just plain be rude. So at any time of me choosin’ I could have ‘em wiped clean. If you know what I mean,’ Grik’s smile was almost apologetic. 
     Alsheer sat back into the chair, ‘I do. But I’m afraid you will have to wait until I return to my fortressss at Ssshan-tu. The two thousssand before you isss all the coin that we carry at presssent.’
     ‘We'll call it a down payment, m'lord,’ Grik smiled and leaned forward to lift the heavy chest.
     ‘It isss agreed then. I will sssend the ressst on arrival at my ssstronghold.  Lord Torizzz will go with you now and essscort Lady Anabel back here.’
     ‘No, m'lord, that plan won't float.’
     ‘How ssso?’
     ‘Well there’s no tellin’ that you’ll send the rest of me coin if you get back to Shan-tu, now is there? Don’t get me wrong, m'lord. I’m not tryin’ to say you’re dishonest. Perish no!’ Grik looked between both men again nervously, ‘It’s just good business to have a trump when you need one.’
     ‘And Lady Anabel is your trump?’ added Karem.
     ‘In a matter of speakin’ Lord Toriz,’ nodded Grik. ‘An’ please have no worries about her safety, m'lords. She is the most protected woman in the whole of Gantu at the moment. There are fifty of me best men watchin’ over her as we speak. No-one will get within a hundred paces of her without them knowin’, mark my words, Lord Alsheer, not a hundred paces’ there was a twinkle in Grik’s eye. His veiled threat had been acknowledged.
     ‘It ssseemsss, Ssslavemassster, that you are a mossst resssourceful man. You have been...underessstimated. I may have ussse for your abilitiesss again sssome time,’ he paused, ‘It isss agreed. The money will be sssent asss sssoon asss we reach Ssshan-tu.’
     ‘Thank you, m'lord. I’m at your service whenever you call,’ Grik gave a little bow but then looked up. ‘For a fair price of course,’ he laughed.
     ‘Of courssse,’ acknowledged Alsheer.
     Grik walked to the door with the chest of gold, while Karem held the door ajar.
     ‘One thing more, Ssslavemassster. If the girl isss touched, in any way,’ Alsheer paused to emphasize the point. ‘I will return here with an army and...how did you put it? Ah yesss...wipe you clean! Isss that clear?’
     
As Grik left the Mangrove through the back door he couldn’t stop a little smile crossing his lips. The whole thing had worked out really well for him. Now that his men were dead he didn’t have to share the two thousand gold marks. And now, on top of that, he was due to receive another three thousand. It called for a celebration. A jug or two would be welcome, he decided. “Steady on now. Get the money safely home first,” he cautioned. If the locals knew that he had two thousand pieces of gold, on his person, he would have been torn to pieces in the rush. It was time to be sensible. He kept to the shadows all the way back to his quarters, stopping regularly to check over his shoulder. Meanwhile at the main gate a carriage sped through, and away from town. Its strangely blacked-out windows stopped curious eyes from seeing the occupants. One of whom, was a sleeping Princess.








21. The Smell of Death

When the Pathfinders finally arrived at the slaver campsite, where the massacre had occurred, there were four wagons parked on the island. The drivers were  busy loading bodies and parts of bodies onto the back of each. There were also armed guards searching through the reeds on the edge of the swamp. The Pathfinders hid and watched. It would not be a good idea to be seen coming from the Jarro direction at this time. The kidnappers would be on the lookout for any who might follow, and these men were most likely in their employ. 
     It was midday before the fully laden wagons finally left the scene. Brinn crept back towards the others. He had been spying on the search-party from behind thick undergrowth near the edge of the mound. ‘That’s it, they’ve gone,’ he announced as he jumped up into his saddle. He lead the group up onto the raised ground to the dilapidated house with the stone perimeter wall.
     The smell of death still polluted the air. Blood and the body parts of both men and horses littered the ground.
     ‘This is a pretty sight,’ announced Brok.
Brinn got down and examined the tracks in the dirt. ‘There was a hell of a fight. Here, a group made a last stand,’ he pointed to the spot that Grik had rallied his men. Then he walked over to the old cottage and looked inside, ‘The women were kept in here, but then they were removed and brought in this direction,’ he pointed along the edge of the swamp and away from the main battle.
     ‘Who attacked them?’ asked Tam.
     ‘More a case of ‘what’ attacked them,’ interrupted Rat while pointing at a set of large claw prints gouged in the damp soil. 
     Brok examined the prints, ‘Never seen its like before,’ he shook his head. Whatever it was, it was big.’
     ‘It’s a Gwergar,’ announced Balzimar.
     ‘A what?’ asked Rat.
     ‘A Gwergar. And a rather large one too by the look of those tracks,’ added the little old wizard, leaning down from the saddle to get a better look.
     The others looked at each other with blank expressions. Rat shrugged his shoulders.
     ‘Would you care to elaborate, old man?’ Brinn finally asked.
     Balzimar sat back into his saddle and blinked rather comically, 'But of course. You'd not have come across this type of creature before, I do apologise,' then he snuffled and nodded but said no more.
     ‘Do we have to drag everything out of you, one piece at a time?’ growled Brinn.
     ‘What? asked Balzimar looking blankly back at Brinn. Then he grinned bashfully as he realised that they were all awaiting a proper explanation. ‘Oh, er...so sorry, of course...it’s a sort of flightless reptilian of the Wyvrn family.’
     ‘Wyvrn...ain’t that a Dragon?’ asked Lom scratching his head.
     ‘Excellent, Lom, that is correct. Very good indeed. It really depends from where you hale,’ added Balzimar very matter-of-factly. ‘I suppose the appellation Wyrm is better known in the East, as is Wyvern. Though I’ve heard it called Wyrm in the North also. Now, down South...’
     ‘Dragon will do just fine,’ interrupted Brok looking more than a little exasperated. ‘Now what are the chances of this thing returning any time soon?’     
     ‘Oh I think we're pretty safe. They hardly ever attack humans without just cause,’ smiled Balzimar.
     Lom looked around at the bits of human offal that littered the ground. ‘Hey, Rat, did he just say they don’t attack humans?’
     ‘Hardly, ever,’ Rat gave a nod while grinning mischievously
     ‘Well that’s good to know. I was getting kinda worried there for a moment.’ 
     ‘You said flightless. I thought Dragons could fly?’ asked Tam.
     ‘Most do. But like everything else there are variants. The Gwergar like water and swim rather than fly. They are among the smallest of the Wyrm species, but don’t let that fool you. What’s lost in girth is compensated in aggression. It’s a fascinating study really-’
     ‘And we can’t wait to hear more. But for now I think we had better get a move on. We’ve wasted enough time already,’ growled Brok turning his horse back onto the trail towards Ash. 
     ‘The group with the girls headed into the swamp,’ announced Brinn while pointing into the dense undergrowth.
     ‘Chances are, they looped around and back onto the trail further up?’ said Brok.
     ‘Very likely,’ agreed Brinn.
     ‘Then we should be able to find their returning tracks somewhere along the road,’ reasoned Brok.
     ‘It’s possible. Or, they could still be lost in there.’ Brinn pointed into the swamp’s dense interior.
     ‘What does that stone of yours say, old man?’ asked Brok.
     ‘It points in that general direction,’ he pointed into the swamp. ‘But if you take out all the twists and turns of the road then Ash also lies in that direction. The choice is yours.’
     ‘Thank you.’ Brok smiled then mumbled so that Balzimar couldn’t hear, ‘A bloody great help you are.’
     ‘Not at all, my boy,’ Balzimar smiled, and seemed to be quite oblivious to Brok's annoyance.
     Brok stepped down from his horse and handed the reins to Rat, ‘Carry on up the road, slowly. We will catch up with you before nightfall. Brinn, Tam, with me. It’s time we got our feet wet.’
As the three men trudged into the mire Rat gathered up their horses, tied them together and so that they made a line behind him as he rode. Leading the little column was Bru, Balzimar's scruffy mule. Balzimar was sat atop the animal's back with his legs crossed and tucked under his body as usual. 
     Lom rode up beside Rat as they moved along and whispered. ‘Hey, Rat!’
     ‘Yup.’
     ‘What does ‘appellation’ mean?’
     Rat shrugged his narrow shoulders. ‘Dunno, Lom. Something to do with apples I spose.’
Lom scratched his big forehead and looked befuddled. It was a long while before he spoke again. ‘I like apples, ‘specially the big juicy red ones.’
     ‘Do you? Me too,’ Rat smiled, trying hard not to laugh.
     
Brinn and the others arrived back onto the road come late evening, having followed Megan's trail in a large curving arc through the swamp. Night was fast approaching by the time they found the camp that Rat had set for the night. Brok sat and pulled off his mud caked boots, the others followed suit. They were soaked through and hungry. The small fire was welcome.
     ‘Find anything, sir?’ asked Rat.
     ‘Lots of bugs. And quite a few leaches,’ he blanched as he placed a hot twig from the fire against one of the numerous bloodsuckers attached to his legs.
     ‘The trail wandered about for a bit, but returned to the road as expected,’ said Brinn.
     ‘Are the ladies still alive?’ asked Lom.
     It was Brinn’s turn to wince as he removed the charred body of a half incinerated leach from his calf. ‘Hard to know. The tracks were...unusual. Eight entered the swamp but only five came out.’
     ‘Don’t make sense. Why drag ‘em all the way here to kill ‘em? They could have done that back in Jarro,’ mused Rat.
     ‘True, but that would depend on who leads the group,’ countered Brinn. ‘If the leader died back at the house, there's no guarantee that the women will remain unharmed.’
     ‘They’re still alive. If they were not then the seeker stone would not react. And it points north. Which means that one or both they are still alive,’ nodded Balzimar.
     ‘There were other tracks too. Two others followed the group for a time and it looks like they were carrying something heavy when they stopped,’ said Tam.
     ‘How do you know that?’ asked Balzimar.
     ‘Easy…one set of prints were set deeper in the mud as they moved away,’ drawled Tam.
     ‘Did you follow them?’ asked Balzimar.
‘That’s why we were so late getting here,’ Brok leaned forward to warm his hands on the fire. ‘We found a day-old campsite. But then the trail lead back onto the road. The first group followed a small track that veered off to the left of the main road. It lead to a house. The old woman was co-operative after we explained what had happened in Jarro. They’re heading to Ash in a boat.’
     ‘So all roads lead to Ash it seems,’ smiled Balzimar, while puffing on his pipe.
     ‘It seems that way. Can you tell us anything about the place?’ asked Tam.
     ‘It has been some time since my last visit.' said Balzimar. 'But I imagine it’s the same now as it was then. It’s a medium sized town used for penning slaves during round-ups. Men for hire come and go so it should be easy for you to get inside.'
     ‘We’ll split into two groups. Balzimar and Brinn will enter the town with me, the rest of you stay hidden outside,’ said Brok.
     ‘There’s safety in numbers, wouldn’t it be better if we all went in together?’ asked Rat.
     ‘Normally I'd agree, but three extra bodies against three thousand won’t make that much of a difference. I would  prefer to have you on the outside in case we need to be rescued later. On top of that, a smaller group will not attract as much attention.’
     ‘That makes sense,’ agreed Tam.
     ‘Tam, in my absence, you are in charge. If something goes wrong and we don't return, the decision to continue or not, with the mission, will rest with you,’ said Brok. 
     Tam looked grim but nodded in agreement, ‘Understood, sir.’
     ‘Now unless there is anything else?’ Brok looked around at the faces of his men. No-one spoke. ‘Good. Then I suggest we get some sleep. I'll take first watch.’

























22. Bal-Karesh

Hidden from the eyes of men, a dark evil was gathering strength. High in the desolate slopes of the Wyvern Mountains lay the black-walled fortress of Bal-Karesh. Mawk, a green-hued, Karesh chieftain, stood on the upper gantry of a round tower patiently awaiting the arrival of his master, Ultor Halfbreed supreme warlock, dragon knight, and lord of Bal-Karesh. As the Moon slipped behind a blanket of grey the tower was plunged into darkness. The wind died away and a shroud of ethereal silence blanketed the surround, muffling all sounds to a barely discernible murmur. Huge wings cut the quiet with rhythmic pulse as a young dragon hovered and then landed on the flat granite roof of the tower. A figure dressed in black robes slid down from the beast's back and walked toward the hunch-backed Karesh. 
     ‘Welcome back, Master,’ purred Mawk, bowing low. ‘We have missed your wisdom and guidance.’
     ‘How goes our Undertaking?’ asked Ultor, all hints of a countenance hidden by the darkness of his hood, save for the dirty grey beard, divided in two by leather chords, spilling freely from the cowl.
     ‘It goes slowly, Dark One. Our numbers are still too few.’
     ‘Walk with me,’ Ultor headed toward the steps to the lower floors. ‘What is the delay?’ his voice had a deep rasping quality.      
     ‘Breeding is slow, Dark One. Gestation takes a month, but when the females are out of season there is nothing that can be done,’ Mawk pleaded.
     ‘I have given thought to this...problem. There is a chemic that can be used. I have found an elixir that will make the females receptive to multiple joinings.’
     Mawk grinned, ‘That would be beneficial, to all. But the young will still take two years to fully mature. Even with increased productivity this, I think, will be a problem.’
     ‘The elixir increases the rate of growth of the young. They will mature to adult in two months.’ 
     ‘This is a miracle! How did you come by this knowledge?’
     Ultor stopped and turned, ‘Trial and error. Many have died in its development.’ He continued on down the steps and through a door at the end that lead to the lower courtyard.
     Mawk had to run a few steps to catch up with the long strides of the quickly moving warlock, ‘You are truly the master of all, Dark One. When can we expect delivery of the elixir?’
     Ultor stopped again and turned to the Darkspawn chieftain. ‘It will have to be manufactured here. I will instruct your chemics on the extraction process,’ Ultor strode off toward the gates of the fortress.  Two huge heavily muscled Argarots, headless hairy beasts their dower faces staring out blankly from the middle of their chests, gave salute as he approached.
Again Mawk had to run to catch up, his cloven feet clopped across the cobblestones as he pranced along in an ungainly lope, ‘What is this - extraction process - that you speak of, Dark One?’
     Ultor slowed a little to allow the squat, pig-faced, chieftain a chance to keep pace, ‘The elixir is to be found deep within the human brain. Once removed, the subject is devoid of all feeling and emotion.’ Light from a nearby torch caught the warlock's eyes making them glow like orange cinders exposing the flat wide nose overhanging the tusks of his protruding overbite. ‘Not unlike the walking dead. One human will produce enough elixir for three of your brethren. A satisfactory rate of exchange I feel. And their bodies will feed the growing host.’
     The wizard walked over to the large double doors at the main entrance to the fortress and ordered them opened. The two Argarots grabbed hold of the massive iron bar keeping the door shut, slid it back out of the way and pulled the doors open.
     ‘Even so, Dark One, how will we acquire such a large quantity of humans without alerting them to our presence?’
     ‘I have taken care of the matter. Behold!’ Ultor pointed through the open doors towards the barren expanse that stretched out before the fortress. Ten caged wagons came trundling up the rocky road carrying hundreds of human slaves, ‘This is just the beginning.’
     Mawk’s eyes bulged with excitement, ‘Your will shall be done, Dark One. We rise!’ He threw his arms upward in jubilation, while capering with glee.
     As the first wagons passed through the gates, Ultor turned and left. Mawk would see to the caging of the prisoners. Crossing the courtyard, he climbed the stone steps leading to the main citadel. A locked set of double doors barred the way to his council room. With a touch of his finger the lock clicked and enchantments dissipated. 
     The doors swung open. Torches instantaneously flared and ignited on both sides of the room flooding the cold interior with yellow light. Ultor strode up the central isle. Dark granite columns lined the way supporting a high vaulted ceiling. At the far end stood his throne. A symbol of both his prominence and power over all of dark-kind. He entered and quickly walked to its base. Beside the throne was a small brass gong. He struck it once, then sat and waited. After a few scant moments several Karesh attendees entered bowed low in cowed subservience.
     ‘You called, Dark One?’ asked  a tall green-hued Karesh servant.
     ‘I would speak with the chemics,’ rasped Ultor.
     ‘Yes, Lord. At once,’ answered the servant.
     ‘Also, bring me food and an offering. There should be a suitable candidate amongst the new arrivals.’
     ‘Yes, Lord.  Do you require a male, or a female?’
     ‘Either will suffice once the appropriate criteria is met. I must replenish myself.’
     The Darkspawn scuttled off leaving him alone. He rose and walked to his private room. 
     The interior was a lavish mix of multi-coloured carpets and gold embellished furniture. In the centre, on a plain silver stand, stood a beautifully crafted crystal circlet. Set in a bed of gold and trimmed with sapphires and diamonds, it overshadowed all other splendours making them seem tawdry and bland by comparison. He picked it up and placed it upon his head. The jewels glowed softly, and a vision started to form in his mind.
     ‘Massster you call?’ came a lisping voice.
     ‘How goes your mission, Lord Alsheer?’
     ‘I have the Princessss in my care. The Lady Anabel is momentarily in the handsss of othersss. But that will sssoon be rectified, my Massster.’
     ‘Good, you have served me well.’
     ‘There isss more, Massster.’
     ‘Continue,’ he rasped.
     ‘There isss one who followsss. He hasss power, Massster. He can wield like no other that I have ssseen.’
     ‘A High Mage perhaps? It makes sense that the Counsel of Mages would send an adept.’
     ‘He isss unique. Hisss power isss immenssse. But with a difference. I could not sssense him before he unleassshed.’
     Ultor thought for a moment, ‘Tread carefully. When you have reached the safety of Shan-Tu I will contact you again with instruction. The Princess is the key if the prophesies are to be thwarted.’
     ‘I underssstand, Massster. I will not fail you.’
     Ultor removed the circlet and placed it back on the stand. He felt troubled. Then he had a vision. He was alone and in darkness. Stretching out his arms he pawed the languid air feeling nothing but void. Two luminous yellow eyes stared from the black, unflinching, merciless, cold. With a shake of his head he returned to the present. With renewed fret he strode decisively toward the door with an urgent need to consult the scrolls. This was a worrisome occurrence. He would also consult the seers. An answer would be found. As he exited his private room the Karesh chemics, escorted by four Spidergelp guards, were filing into the throne room.
     ‘I have brought the chemics as ordered, Dark One,’ announced one of the six-limbed guards as he scurried across the floor on suctioned feet.
     ‘I have no time for them now. There are questions that need immediate answers. I will speak with them another time!’ Ultor walked past and out the double doors and was gone.
The Spidergelp’s head turned on its articulated neck toward one of the chemics, ‘The Master has spoken. Remove yourselves!’  he hissed and pointed towards the door.  When the room was empty he curled up in a small alcove in the wall in readiness for when his master called again.























23. Making a Stand

It was finally morning. Anabel could see natural light seeping under the gap in the bottom of the door. She was tired. Sleep had been hard to find. Grik had been drunk and in very high spirits when he’d returned in the early hours. Grinning lasciviously, he had removed Merrith from the cell, and winked at Anabel as he locked the door again. 
     Anabel was distraught for her new friend. It was an hour before Grik’s loud snores reverberated through the structure, but Merrith did not return to the cell. Anabel tossed and turned for the rest of the night. 
     Though just after dawn, the heat was already starting to rise in the cramped little room. 
She could hear Grik coughing and groaning as he awoke. No doubt feeling the effects of all the drink that he had consumed the night before. The shuffle of feet heralded an approach to the door of her cell. It opened, the light-burst momentarily blinding her. When her eyes adjusted she saw Merrith standing at the door beckoning her to come out. Anabel's heart sank when Grik appeared behind Merrith’s shoulder. 
     ‘Come on now, m'lady, we’ve no time to lose. There’s many a mile to travel today, so out you come.’
Anabel shielded her eyes as she came out into the light. Merrith didn’t look at her. She kept her head bowed, her face hidden behind her long dark-brown hair. Merrith’s delicate hands were bunching and pulling the material on the front of her grey smock until it twisted into a conical swirl.
     ‘A very good morn to you, m'lady,’ beamed Grik. ‘I hope you slept well, you’ll need your strength for the comin’ journey.’
     ‘Where to?’ she asked.
     ‘To me stronghold in Briar. A much more befittin’ place for a valuable prize such as yourself,’ he grinned and slapped Anabel’s bottom.
Anabel spun and punched him as hard as she could into the mouth. Blood exploded from a ruptured lip and bits of rotten teeth clattered along the wooden floor. Grik reeled backwards in shock, but before he could recover Anabel kicked him between his legs. He dropped like a man run-through. Merrith was standing to one side with hands pressed against her cheeks aghast. She quickly covered her mouth to keep from laughing out loud. Grik was making a gasping whining sound while crumpled into a ball at their feet. Merrith smiled broadly, stood beside Anabel and whispered, ‘Are you a warrior?’
     ‘No...I played a lot of Tackball when I was growing up,’
     ‘Tackball?’ Merrith looked confused.
     ‘It’s a boy’s game, and a bit rough,’ Anabel smiled.
     Merrith looked back down at Grik, who was still curled up and making funny sounds, ‘Can you teach me how to play?’
     ‘Just as soon as we get a chance,’ said Anabel.
    
It was fifteen minutes before Grik stopped rocking backwards and forwards, and thirty before he could speak. His threat to kill Anabel as soon as he regained the use of his legs didn’t hold the usual menace. Due largely to the higher pitch of his voice. He eventually came round. But instead of killing Anabel as he had promised he looked curiously wary of her. Keeping a good leg length away at all times. 
As the girls finally left Ash, it was aboard a caged slave wagon. Grik rode at the front of the twenty five man column. He seemed ill-at-ease atop his horse and was constantly shifting his body-weight as if in pain. The young women took much comfort from this and Merrith snickered whenever he winced. By late evening they had left Ash far behind. The landscape was different here. They were finally away from the swamps of southern Gantu. Here the ground was solid and the foliage different. Though still in the wetlands they were at least away from the mud and mire of the swamp. That night after eating, they both slept inside the wagon. It was uncomfortable but better than sleeping outside on the cold ground. As they lay on the bed of the rig Merrith turned to face Anabel. ‘Thank you for what you did today,’ she whispered.
     ‘He had it coming. Was that the first time, he...?’
     Merrith pulled her blanket up under her chin. She was beautiful, Anabel noted. Slim and petite with big oval brown eyes and full lips. ‘No, he...selected me, soon after I was captured,’ a few tears slipped down her face.
     Anabel gently stroked her cheek and fixed a stray strand of hair. ‘Stay strong, Merrith. We’ll get out of this somehow, I promise you.’
     Merrith smiled. ‘I have nothing left to be strong for,’ more tears flowed.
     ‘What about your family? Mother...? Father...? Husband?’
     ‘All taken. I’m not even sure if they're still in Ash. By now they could be anywhere from here to Mabak-Var,’ she pulled up the rough blanket and wiped her tears. ‘Whenever I close my eyes to sleep I remember Kern’s screams as they beat him.’
     Anabel continued to gently stroke the top of Merrith’s head. ‘Who’s Kern?’
     Merrith’s teary eyes peeked over the top of the blanket. ‘My...my betrothed. Oh Anabel, how could he ever take me back now?’ The tears were flooding down Merrith's face. ‘I feel so...dirty,’
     ‘Oh my poor Merrith this is none of your doing,’ Anabel took hold of Merrith's face in both hands. ‘Of course he'll want you back. Kern loves you, don’t you ever forget that.’
‘Do you really think so?’
     ‘I wouldn’t say it if I didn’t believe it,’ Anabel smiled.
Merrith threw her arms around Anabel and hugged her, ‘I so hope you're right, Anabel. Please be right.’
      ‘I am right. I feel it in my soul. And I’ll tell you something else,’ Anabel lifted Merrith's face up to look at her. ‘That animal Grik will have to crawl over my dead body to get to you again. And that’s a promise.’ 
     Merrith smiled and wiped away the last of her tears. ‘How about you, is there anyone special?’
     ‘Yes, lots. They were all special in their own way,’ grinned Anabel
Merrith shot up onto her elbow. ‘Tell me more. How many suitors did you have? she smiled through still wet eyes.
     ‘Oh, quite a few. Though they all lacked that special…something,’ Anabel lay on her back staring at the ceiling.
     ‘I know what you mean,’ Now it was Merrith's turn to stare off blankly. ‘Kern had that, something. Strong but sweet. And the dreamiest eyes.’
     ‘I can’t wait to meet him. He sounds a catch,’ smiled Anabel.
     ‘He has a brother. I could introduce you,’ giggled Merrith smiling broadly. Then the smile slowly faded. ‘Had a brother,’ she corrected. Then she lay back down. The moment was gone as reality returned.
     ‘I can’t wait to meet him. If he's half as good as Kern I’ll be a happy woman,’ said Anabel.
     ‘He’s at least that,’ Merrith smiled.
     There was silence for a long time as they settled down to sleep. 
     ‘Anabel, are you asleep?’
     ‘Not quiet,’ answered Anabel drowsily.
     ‘Thank you again.’
     ‘You're welcome...I enjoyed it…very much.’



















24.  Password

It was late evening, Balzimar was standing close to his mule on the dirt road that lead to the main entry gate of Ash. He was using Bru as a shield against prying eyes as he examined the seeker-stone.
     ‘East or west, which is it?’ hissed Brok
     Balzimar scratched his head as he looked at the stone turning left, then right, and back to the left again, in a continuous loop. ‘This is strange indeed. It seems to be trying to point in both directions at once.’
     ‘Maybe it’s broken,’ offered Brok.
     ‘Nonsense, I just need a little time to focus,’ huffed Balzimar, clearly getting very irritated by Brok's foolish comment.
The wizard closed his eyes. The stone continued to flick left and right, but faster now. ‘This is infuriating. It’s never done this before. It really makes no sense at all,’ he shook his head.
     ‘Never mind, we’ll use the old fashioned way. We have a spy up here who may well have helpful information. Goes by the name of Ortor Drass. We'll need to make contact,’ said Brok, remounting his horse.    
     ‘Where can we find him?’ asked Brinn.
     ‘He’s the inn-keep at The Winsome Wench. We’ll make for there. Keep your wits about you, it's not a good place for a tongue-slip.’
Brinn and Balzimar mounted and followed Brok through the wooden gates. Other than a perfunctory glance, the wall guards paid them little heed. Ash was a busy place with lots of comings and goings. The streets were little more than stone and clay and the buildings were square or rectangular flat roofed boxes constructed using untreated logs.  The men that they passed looked dangerous, mostly human but now and again there were dwarves, and always in groups of three or four. 
     If it was possible for Ash to have a poorer quarter then they seemed to be heading into it. Every second building had semi-clothed half starved women outside, bidding any who passed to enter. Further along, a small crowd had gathered to watch a knife fight between two very large drunken slavers. It didn’t last long, much to the disappointment of the crowd. 
     After a few more streets and a couple of turns they arrived at The Winsome Wench Inn. There was a stable attached to the side, an eager stable-hand took charge of their horses for a few pennies. Brok lead the way into the smoke-filled interior of the Inn. It was busy inside. Most of the tables looked to be occupied by cut-throats and ruffians. The patrons scanned the newcomers as they entered, but curiosity sated quickly returned to their drinks and conversations. Brok walked to a table in the corner that had the look of being recently vacated. Empty tankards and plates littered its top. Soon a portly woman, neither fair nor ugly, came to remove the crockery and take their orders. 
     ‘What’s in the pot tonight?’ asked Brok.
     ‘There’s roast mutton, or mutton stew,’ answered the woman looking mightily bored.
     ‘Any soup?’ asked Balzimar.
     ‘Yup, mutton soup,’ 
      ‘Seems you have a glut of mutton to shift. Did the Keep get a good price on a heard of sheep?’ smirked Balzimar. 
The woman straightened her back and looked oddly at the three men. ‘You're not in Rigby or the Prime now, mister too good for mutton! You want food or not?’
     ‘Three stews and three tankards of ale,’ interrupted Brok.
     ‘Fine,’ glowered the woman. ‘Oh I’m afraid the good silverware is out for cleanin’, will the iron cutlery do?’ she sneered as she looked at Balzimar.
     ‘Humph,’ Balzimar blew through his moustache in disdain. ‘You have a singular wit, my dear.’
     The woman turned and left to get the food and drink.
     ‘Exactly which part of - mind your tongue - did you not understand, Master Wizard?’ whispered a clearly annoyed Brok. ‘We need to keep a low profile. You’re not on a jaunt now. One slip could end up getting you skewered, and us with you.’ 
     Balzimar reddened as much as a wizard can, which is to say that the tip of his nose changed a darker shade of pink. 
     ‘What does this Drass look like?’ asked Brinn.     
     ‘I don’t know, but there's a password. Only he will understand what it means,’ answered Brok.
On the other side of the bar a dwarf was playing cards with three humans, and winning by the sounds of his raucous peals of laughter. He was quite obviously drunk. The others at his table did not look to be enjoying his exuberant joviality, their sour unsmiling faces, dark with anger. 
     The waitress came back with the food, placing three steaming plates of stew on the table, followed by bread, cheese, and three tankards of ale. ‘Need anything else? Some clean napkins perhaps?’ she asked, looking at Balzimar with false concern.
     ‘Yes, as a matter. Is Ortor Drass about?’ asked Brok.
     The woman straightened and frowned, thinking she was about to be complained. ‘Why do you want Ortor?’
     ‘I have a message for him from his cousin. He asked us to look him up, when we passed through.’ Brok sounded genuine.
The woman looked over her shoulder towards the bar, ‘He’s pretty busy now. Maybe if you tell me I can pass the message on to him later,’ it was obvious that she remained unconvinced, she was not in trouble.
     ‘That’s fine. Just tell him that cousin Jared sends his respects, and hopes that the bottle of Monarch Red that he sent last time was a good vintage.’
     ‘Monarch Red? Never heard of it,’ she said scrunching up her face.
     ‘I’m just the messenger, lady. I’ll tell him myself if you point him out.’
     ‘No, there’s no need, I’ll tell him. Eat your food and enjoy.’ She walked off looking a little flustered.
    More peals of raucous laughter came from the dwarf as he placed his hand over a pile of pennies in the centre of the table and scooped them up. Brok didn’t look at the dwarf. He was preoccupied watching the serving woman. She was speaking to a fat-bellied man behind the counter of the bar. It was clear she had passed on the message correctly as Brok saw a slight change on the man’s face, and he quickly looked over in their direction. He immediately walked towards them. He was smiling broadly, ‘How is cousin Jared? It’s been far too long since we’ve last met?’
     ‘He’s in good health. But wondering how you fare? We will be returning in the morn. If you have a return message we’ll be glad to see he gets it.’
     ‘In fact I do. I have some premium Dwarf Ale that I want fetched to him. If it’s no bother?’
     ‘Not at all,’ smiled Brok.
     ‘It’s just out the back here. If it’s not too much of an imposition leaving your food for a moment?’
     ‘Lead the way,’ Brok looked from Brinn to Balzimar and smiled. ‘I’ll be back shortly. Leave my plate alone!’ 
     It was a ruse for any unwelcome ears and it seemed to have worked. After a quick glance around, Brinn was happy that no-one was paying them any attention. Instead the Inn’s denizens seemed much more interested in the drunken dwarf on the other side of the room.
     ‘Ah-haa, that’s me again!’ laughed the dwarf placing his cards down.
     The men at the table threw their cards down in disgust, then stood up and left. The dwarf threw his arms up in the air in mock surprise. ‘What’s the matter? Ye’re not stopping now are ye?’ he bellowed. ‘Had enough had ye?’ he laughed again, ‘Well don’t that beat all,’ he slurred and burped. Then scooped all of the pennies into his pouch and tied it onto his belt. He stood scraping his chair loudly along the floor. ‘Well now, good and gentle folk of The Wench. I bid ye all a good night, at that!’ He staggered backwards a little as he flourished his arm about in a drunken salute. ‘Ye have been most accommodatin’, but alas it's time that I--’ He burped, regurgitated a little of the ale he’d been swamping, and looked to be having trouble focusing. ‘An’...an’...I good night ye indeed,’ he finished. Then he bent, picked up a wide bladed broadsword lying at his feet, and staggered towards the door. 
     After spending a minute trying to figure out how to open the door, he finally raised the latch and threw the door back, smiling. Then promptly tripped over the threshold and out into the night with a clatter. The door closed behind him with a thud and conversations quickly returned to normal.
     ‘He’s had a skin-full,’ laughed Balzimar.
     ‘I don’t think his card friends have taken kindly to losing their money.’ Brinn nodded in the direction of the three men that had been playing cards with the dwarf. They were huddled in deep conversation. After a moment they stood, drained the last of their ale and left through the back door.
     ‘Old Man, stay here! Tell Brok that I won’t be long,’ Brinn stood to leave.
     ‘You should stay out of it. It’s not our concern,’ advised Balzimar.
     ‘I just hate seeing a drunken man being taken advantage of...it’s a recent quirk.’
     ‘I hope you know what you’re doing. You heard what Brok said about keeping a low profile.’
     ‘Don’t worry. I’ll be discreet.’ he smiled as he left.
     Outside it was getting darker. Brinn looked first one way then the other, but there was no sign of the dwarf nor the men. He walked a little way up the road then heard muffled noises coming from an alley between two buildings. As he turned the corner he saw two of the men holding the dwarf down. One of them had a blood smeared broken nose. The third man was picking himself up from the ground. It was obvious from the wound on his head that he'd also taken a blow. There was a glint of metal in his right hand. He had a knife.
     ‘That’s enough, let him go!,’ ordered Brinn. 
     The man with the knife turned to face him. ‘Mind your business, less you want a taste!’ he held up the blade for Brinn to see.
     Brinn walked a few steps closer, ‘Last chance. Just walk away now and nothing will come of it.’
     The one with the knife turned and looked over his shoulder at his two partners, then turned back smiling. ‘Some just don’t know when ta walk on by,’ he was shaking his head as he took up a defensive pose holding the knife out in front.
     ‘You can keep the money. I just want my friend,’ said Brinn.
The Dwarf struggled harder on hearing the offer. One of the men had a hand clamped over the dwarf’s mouth so that the only sounds he could make were muffled grunts.
     ‘Too late for that,’ he shook his head. ‘I’ve had to listen to that windbag all evenin’, crowin’ ‘bout how he was king of the dwarves, laughin’ an’ smellin’ the place up while he cheated us out of our money. So ‘less your lookin’ to join him you’d best back on up the alley right now,’ 
     The man had an insane glint in his eye. Brinn knew he wanted more than the dwarf’s money.  He shook his head, ‘Can't do that,’
     ‘You’ve had fair warnin’,’ he lunged at Brinn and tried to stick him with the knife.
     Brinn side-stepped and grabbed hold of the cut-throat’s wrist with one hand while quickly kicking him into the stomach. The man doubled over and as he did Brinn bent the trapped arm back and shoved the knife into the assailant’s throat. The body didn’t drop immediately. It remained upright for a few seconds, gently shaking, before finally collapsing in a heap onto the ground. The dead man’s friends looked on spellbound by the speed of the kill. Then one of them threw the dwarf’s moneybag on the ground and they both ran for their lives in the opposite direction.
      ‘Thanks stranger, that was a noble thing ya did. My name’s Helfwen,’ The dwarf had sobered up quite considerably.
     ‘Glad to help out a fellow traveller.’
     Just then alarm bells started ringing all around the town.
     ‘It seems our friend here is well connected. We’d better make ourselves disappear.’ said the dwarf looking around. But when he turned back to face Brinn there was no-one there.
     ‘A ghost, that’s what he is! A ghost-man!’ Helfwen looked up and down the alley but he was alone. He bent and retrieved his moneybag and then scurried away to the safety of his lodgings. It was time, he decided,  to put some distance between himself and that body lying in the dark.
     Brinn returned to the inn. Brok and Balzimar were sitting at their table waiting. Brok didn’t look happy as Brinn took his seat. ‘Where were you? he asked gruffly.
     ‘Just getting some air,’
     ‘It’s okay, you can drop the pretence, the wizard told me where you went. I suppose the alarms are your fault?’
     ‘Just doing a good deed.’
     ‘And dropping us in pig-muck because of it,’ growled Brok banging the table.
     ‘He was practically helpless. I couldn’t just turn my back and ignore what was going to happen. I have trouble enough sleeping at night as it is. Tell me you wouldn’t have done the same?’ 
     Brok bit his lip, and then nodded, ‘Probably.’
     Brinn sat back smiling.
     ‘But more than likely I wouldn’t!’ Brok's eyes blazed. ‘Knowing the danger we're in and the cost if we fail. So wipe that stupid smile off of your face and give me your word that from now on the mission comes first!’ hissed Brok, trying to keep his voice low so that the other patrons would not hear.
The smile slowly dropped from Brinn’s face. After a moment he spoke. ‘You're right, I’m sorry. It won’t happen again.’
     Brok nodded. ‘Ok, subject closed. Ortor informs me that the girls are no longer together. According to his source Princess Megan was taken to Shan-Tu by a Lord Alsheer. Lady Anabel to a town called Briar by a slaver called Grik.’
     ‘A-haa!' interrupted Balzimar. 'That’s why the seeker stone was flip-flopping all over the place. Of course. It makes sense now.’ 
     ‘What are you babbling about, old man?’ asked Brinn.
     ‘When we were trying to locate the ladies earlier, I assumed that they were still together. So I focused on finding the direction of both women at the same time. Which explains why the stone was going backwards and forwards. It’s because they were in opposite directions.’ Balzimar looked very pleased with himself. Then slowly his smile faded. ‘But on a more serious note. I know something of this…Alsheer. He’s a Darkspawn lord of renown and not to be trifled with.’ 
     ‘What do you know of him?’ asked Brok.
     ‘We have contested, in times past. He’s guile-some and treacherous, and a wielder of the dark arts. We’ll have to tread carefully.’
     ‘It just gets better and better doesn’t it,’ sneered Brok.
Ortor came over to their table. ‘There’s trouble in town. A senior member of the council of slavers has been murdered. The town watch are combing the streets, turning out every inn, to find those responsible. Apparently they have witnesses. Quickly, follow me into the back room.’
     Just as they entered the back rooms the town-watch burst in through the front door. Ortor lead the three men to the back door and out into the stables where their mounts stood ready. ‘I took the liberty of having them saddled. Follow Brundel, he’ll get you out of town safely. I’ll deal with the town-watch and buy you some time.’
     Brundel was the stable-hand they had met earlier
     ‘Thank you, Ortor, the King will know of your part in helping us, if we ever get back,’ smiled Brok.
     ‘Never mind all of that…you just get those girls back to Jarro safely,’ Ortor gave a Jarro chest thump salute and returned to the inn.
Brundel was a good guide. Brinn suspected it was not the first time, the stable-hand had been called upon to help those wishing to leave town unnoticed. They slipped down back alleys and side streets, and soon arrived at a small back gate. The guard was given two gold marks, and their way was cleared to leave. Brundel watched them briefly from the shadows of the gate. When he was satisfied they had safely escaped he returned to the inn. Inside the din was already starting to quiet as the town-watch settled in for a few free drinks compliments of the house.






























25. Lost Memories

The inside of the carriage was illuminated by an ornately decorated brass oil lamp. The windows were completely blacked out so that Megan couldn't tell if it was day or night. Directly across from her sat Karem, and to his left Lord Alsheer. Megan had been drugged again. Her last memory was of laying on the bed just after Karem had left her room back in Ash. She sat up and yawned.
     ‘Ah, you are awake, Highness,’ smiled Karem.
     ‘Do you really have to keep doing that to me?’
     Karem was puzzled by the statement, ‘Pardon me, but…do what, Highness?’
     ‘Drug me. The last I remember I was having a bit of a stretch on my bed after eating a nice meal, and now this!’ she stretched her arms indicating the carriage.
     ‘Apologies, it will not happen again. You have my word. Besides we are almost at our destination and once there we can all relax a little bit more. There will be no further need for trickery.’
     ‘What is our destination?’
     ‘You can direct that question to Lord Alsheer when he has finished his meditation,’
Alsheer was sitting perfectly still, his eyes closed tight. His skin looked even paler, and more sickly than normal, in the lamplight.
     ‘Why are the windows blacked out?’ asked Megan.
     Karem smiled, ‘Lord Alsheer suffers from a rare skin disorder and burns easily in direct sunlight. It is a family trait, passed down through the generations.’
     ‘How unfortunate. He could do with some colour, he looks ill.’
     ‘This trip has been both long and arduous. But there are excellent physicians where we are going.’
     ‘Oh, that’s good. How far is it to...what’s the name of the place? she smiled gently.
     Karem laughed, ‘Your tenacity is to be admired, Highness. But as I have stated before, you can address that question to Lord Alsheer personally. Just as--’
     ‘I know. Just as soon as he has finished his meditation,’ huffed Megan. ‘How long was I asleep, this time?’
     ‘Somewhere around twelve to fourteen hours.’
     ‘That long!’ Megan looked more than a little shocked.
     ‘It is a long and unpleasant journey, Highness. You have been saved many dull hours of monotonous travel.’
     ‘What about Anabel? What about the search? You promised!’
     ‘It has been conducted. The good news is that Lady Anabel is safe and in good spirits.’
     ‘She is! Oh thank the gods. I’ve prayed so much,’ Megan covered her face with her hands as relief swept over her.
     ‘She has being transported to Ash, and will join us at a later date.’
     ‘With whom?’
     ‘Master slaver Grik, I believe.’
     ‘Not that…reprobate! Turn the carriage around, Karem! You can’t leave Anabel in his filthy hands!’ Megan leaned forward and grabbed Karem.
     ‘Her safety is assured, Highness. Lord Alsheer has seen to that. Lady Anabel will be not be harmed in any way. Grik has been made fully aware of the consequences of any, shall we say…transgressions…on his part.’
     ‘Do you really believe he can be trusted?’
     ‘No. But he is smart enough to know it would be unwise to cross Lord Alsheer. He  knows full well that there is no hole deep enough, nor mountain high enough, to which he can run, that is beyond my masters reach. And besides it is in his interest to keep her safe. She is of great value to Grik. He will not risk losing his reward. Rest assured, Highness, your friend will not be harmed.’
Megan sat back on her cushioned seat. She was not completely convinced but knew that the carriage would not be turned back no matter how much she protested. The interior of the carriage was lavishly decorated, and was similar in design to the carriage they had been ambushed in. Those memories came flooding back now. It felt so long ago. Almost another time altogether. She felt somewhat emotionally removed from the event. But that could have be a side effect of the drugs, she admitted. ‘Is it day or night? she finally asked
     ‘It is somewhere around mid-afternoon.’
     ‘When can we stop? I need to stretch my legs.’
     ‘We have many miles to travel before we will stop, Highness. Time is pressing and we are behind schedule.’
     Megan looked at the blackened windows feeling trapped. ‘Tell me about yourself then. It will help to pass the time and keep my mind off my legs,’ she smiled.
     ‘What would you like to know?’
     ‘What did you do before the war?’
     ‘I was Lord Protector of Devaa.’
     ‘Devaa?’
      ‘It’s a city on the borders of the Myrrymas Desert.’
      ‘Is Devaa nice?’
      ‘Oh yes. I think it is beautiful. But very different to the green lands of Anvar and your homeland Jarro. Devaa is hot with an abundance of sand, but beautiful nonetheless.’
    ‘We have sand in Jarro, along the coast.’
    ‘No, Highness, it is a different kind of sand. It is produced by heat, not water.’
    ‘Oh I see.’
    ‘Do you have a wife in Devaa?’ 
     ‘Yes, I do.’ 
     ‘How long is it since you were last home?’
     Karem’s smile faltered, ‘You know, to be honest, I haven’t thought about that for such a long time,’ he looked puzzled.
    Megan shrugged, ‘What's her name?’
     Karem looked at Megan strangely as if struggling with a memory that just would not come.
     ‘It’s funny…I can see her face...’ Karem’s brow was deeply furrowed.
     Alsheer leaned forward and stretched out an arm towards Megan. His black eyes boring into her soul. The world slipped away as she fell into darkness. 







26. Divide and Conquer

The campsite was located in a clump of hawthorn a mile, or so, west of Ash.  Its thick blanket of green leaves providing cover from unwelcome eyes on the much travelled road into town. Tam was standing guard and waved as they approached. Brok quickly scanned the area. It was a good site for a camp. A barely perceptible half-smile curled the ends of his lips on catching sight of the small stream that burbled and splashed across moss-covered stones no more than twenty paces from the circle of sleeping mats. Tam had chosen well. It was fast approaching midnight and the wind had picked up. Dark clouds rolled in angry procession across the sky and the air smelt of rain. A small fire crackled in the middle of a freshly excavated pit. The men gathered around and sat.
     Tam spoke first, ‘Find out anything interesting, sir?’
     ‘They’ve been separated. The Princess has been taken to a fortress further North by a Darkspawn called Alsheer,’ answered Brok.
     ‘And Lady Anabel?’ continued Tam.
     ‘West, to a town called Briar.’
     ‘So which one do we rescue first?’ asked Rat.
     ‘Both,’ answered Brok. ‘We’ll need to divide into two groups. I'll take Brinn and Balzimar with me and go after the Princess.’
     ‘And the three of us, the Lady Anabel,’ finished Tam, nodding his agreement.
     ‘Correct. Now I know this reduces our chances, but these orders come directly from the King.’
     So where exactly is this town then?’ asked Rat.
     Brok looked at the little man. ‘Just keep to the western road for a day or two, you can’t miss it.’
     Tam nodded again. ‘What are our orders when we get there, sir?’
     ‘Well that’s just it…there are none. This delightful twist has kicked us right where it hurts most. Just do the best you can to secure her release and get her back to Jarro. The details I leave to you. One thing more… If you succeed, she is to be conveyed directly to Jarro…clear? That means no attempt to rejoin with us. You get that poor girl home as quickly as you can. You're on your own from now on, but I know my men.’ Brok looked at the three men in turn, ‘There are none, I would send in your stead.’
     ‘We won’t let you down, sir,’ grinned Lom.
     Brok smiled and nodded, ‘According to our source, she's in the hands of a slave-boss called Grik. Now be careful dealing with this brute he has quite a reputation around these parts. Any questions?’
     ‘Why were they split up?’ asked Rat.
     ‘At this point we don’t know. It could be simply to make it harder for a successful rescue attempt. But whatever the reason, we’ll be trying to get them both out. Any more questions?’
     There was silence.
     ‘Ok get some sleep. Tam can I have a word in private?’
     ‘Of course, sir.’
     The two men walked off some distance into the darkness. The first drops of rain started to crackle amongst the dead leaves on the forest floor as a cold north-westerly bent bow and branch ‘neath its growing strength.
     ‘Have you any questions, Tam?’
     ‘No, sir, my orders are clear.’
     ‘Good. I’m sorry it’s come to this, but I have little choice. Stealth is your only ally and best hope of success. Get in and out as quickly, and quietly, as possible.’
     ‘Yes, sir. We won’t let you down. This time next week we’ll be crossing the Benteers.’
     ‘I know I don’t have to tell you the importance of this mission, Tam. That poor girl is in the hands of the very worst kind possible. Her world has been turned upside down. I only hope we’re not too late.’ 
     ‘We’ll make it our business to ensure, we’re not,’ growled Tam.
     Brok smiled, ‘Good man!’ he slapped Tam’s shoulder. ‘Now let’s get some sleep.’  
     
The night was cold and wet and it passed slowly. In the morning the two groups went their separate ways, not knowing if they would ever see each other again. By midday the weather was getting worse, as Brinn and the others passed Ash, the town looked deserted. Even the sentries were huddled inside their watch towers seeking shelter from the late summer storm. A boon for the three men as they slipped by unnoticed. 
     By late evening the worst seemed to have passed and the rain reduced to a persistent drizzle. After the claustrophobic closeness of the swamps the open plain, dotted here and there with clumps of isolated forest, was a welcome change. And by late evening they found sanctuary in just such a copse. Large knurl-trunked beech towered high overhead. They nestled in the roots of one particularly large tree and ate cold rations by a very small fire.  The sun had only just gone down when they heard a rustle out in the darkness of the forest floor. Drawing weapons they patiently waited.
     ‘Ho in the camp! No need for alarm I’m alone! Your fire look’s invitin’ may I join ye?’ called a gruff voice.
     Brok stepped forward with bow in hand and arrow nocked. ‘Come out so we can get a look at you, but slowly, and no sudden movements!’ he ordered.
     A squat solid looking dwarf dragging a horse and a bundle laden mule appeared from behind the bole of a large tree a few paces off. He came forward holding up his free arm in supplication, ‘Easy now big fellow, no need for alarm, I be friendly enough,’ he smiled. ‘Good-night to ye. Nice to see you again, master ghost, I was beginnin’ to think, I would never catch you up.’
     Brinn recognised the rough features of the drunken dwarf, he'd saved in Ash. ‘And a good-night to you. What brings you this way?’
     The dwarf tied his horse and mule to a large fallen branch that was lying near the Pathfinder's horses, walked over and sat by the fire. The others joined him after they were satisfied that he was truly alone.
     ‘Well now you see, you didn’t really give me a chance to thank you last night. So I felt duty bound to find you and give you my thanks proper like.’
     ‘You came all this way just to say thank you? Brinn frowned. 
     ‘That, and offer this,’ he stood and extended his arm.
     Brinn instinctively clasped it.
    ‘I owe you a life debt. So my sword arm is yours till the debt's paid,’ he shook Brinn’s arm vigorously and sat back down.
     Brok looked perturbed but Balzimar just smiled and said nothing.
     ‘And what if I say that we are even and there is no debt to pay?’ asked Brinn.
      ‘Wouldn’t life be a lot easier if things were that simple. But, alas, ‘tis not for you to say, lad. ‘Tis for me to decide when honour's been satisfied,’ he grinned broadly up into Brinn’s face.
     ‘I sense no deception,’ interjected Balzimar.
     The dwarf grinned and patted Balzimar's leg, while nodding in agreement, ‘You see, lad, my purpose is true. Now will I be ridin’ with ye, or a league behind? Either way I’ll be within earshot in the event a chance offers for a settlin’ of the balance,’ his smile was infectious.
     ‘You don’t know our purpose. You could be put in harm’s way,’ cautioned Brok.
     ‘Whatever the purpose ‘tis of no import. By the laws of honour, your purpose is now mine as well, don't you see. Short of conspirin’ with the Dark-League of course. I have to think of my place in the afterlife after all,' he laughed. 'Roasting over a spit for all eternity's a good deterrent there,’ he laughed louder.
     Brinn looked at Brok and shrugged, ‘Welcome to the group. By what name do you go?’
     ‘Well as I said last night, ‘tis Helfwen. Helfwen of Timberland. You’d have heard it if you’d stuck around a little longer back in Ash,’ he grinned.
     ‘Then we bid you welcome, Helfwen of Timberland,’ Brok sneered aggressively and flashed an angry look at Brinn before regaining his composure. Brok’s sarcastic tone was lost on the dwarf, who sat grinning from ear to ear quite oblivious to the none-too-subtle jibe.
     ‘Welcome indeed Helfwen,’ added Balzimar.
     Again the dwarf grinned and nodded in approval. ‘Now then,’ he wagged a stumpy finger in the air, ‘shall we celebrate the accord with a few drops?’
Brok simply shook his head in exasperation.
Helfwen spent a few hours telling of his adventures in the West. How he had made and lost a fortune twice over. Of his time up in the frigid North and the strange fierce people he had met there. But now he was on his way back home to the forests of Timberland. Back to his family, and a chance to claim what was rightfully his. The crown of the Timberland Dwarves.
     ‘You’re a king?’ Brok looked unconvinced.
     ‘Strictly speakin’,’ nodded Helfwen, ‘I was first in line, but my uncle usurped the throne at my father’s death. I was only a lad at the time and no match for a battle-hardened warrior.’ 
     ‘What happened? asked Balzimar.
     ‘I was banished to the wilderness. He wanted me dead, but my grandmother stepped to my defense. They settled on exile for life.’
     ‘How long is it since you’ve been home?’ asked Brok.
     ‘Near enough twenty year at a guess.’
     ‘I can’t see your uncle being all that happy at your reunion. What happens when you finally turn up?’ asked Brinn.
     ‘No he won’t. 'Specially not after I stake my claim. It’ll mean death for one of us. First off, there'll be a gatherin’ of the council to decide the legitimacy of my claim. But that’s a formality, considerin’ they all know who I am.’
     ‘Then what?’ asked Brinn.
     Helfwen grinned. ‘A Baelram!  A fight to the death! Winner takes the crown!’ Helfwen laughed and drummed his thighs in excitement. 
     ‘You welcome this?’ asked Balzimar.
     ‘I do. I have a belly-full of wonderin’. I want to go home. Feel the soil of the Timberland woods under my feet again. Aye. Either underfoot, or o'er my dead body, one or the other.’ Helfwen took a long drink from a jug he had retrieved from his packs, and passed it to Brinn.
    Brinn took a swig of the concoction and coughed as it scorched him from lip to tonsils. The burning fluid surged past his throat, all the way down his gullet, before finally causing minor eruptions in his stomach.
     ‘Aye ‘tis good stuff alright. That’s pure dwarf brandy,’ laughed Helfwen.
     ‘I hate to dampen the mood, but we’re in enemy territory so these tall tales will have to wait for another time,’ interrupted Brok.
     ‘I’ll take the watch,’ announced Brinn, trying to cool his burnt lips with the water skin.
     ‘I look forward to hearing more about your travels, especially up north. You must tell me everything,’ said Balzimar smiling warmly. Wizards are always in the market for strange tellings and new information about unknown parts.
     ‘And I’m the very dwarf to tell. Just fill my belly and uncork a jug and I’ll spin you a tale that’ll curl your ears,’ laughed Helfwen.
For it was true. Dwarves loved story telling almost as much as going to battle. And stories of battle were their most favoured of all. They settled down to sleep. Helfwen took a little longer than the others to find a comfortable position. He huffed and grumbled for long minutes before finding one. Then he sighed rather loudly and finally closed his eyes.
     Soon all that could be heard were Helfwen's soft snores and the rustling of the leaves in the branches overhead.



































27.  A Delightful Diversion

Grik pulled up beside the wagon and slowed his horse to a walk. ‘There She be, ladies. That be Briar,’ he pointed up the road. 
     Not quite as large as Ash, Briar looked to have had a similar architect. It was constructed using the same untreated, roughly-hewn, logs and had identical flat roofed houses with a palisade running all the way around its perimeter. 
     ‘She’s not much to look at mind, but she’s all mine. I have three hundred men at arms. Here, my word is law,’ he thumped his chest feeling very proud of himself. His brazen grin clearly showing the newly acquired gaps in his teeth. Spurring his horse he rode ahead to the front of the column.
     ‘Here, my word is law,’ Anabel mimicked, while pulling a face that had Merrith crying with laughter. ’He makes good the argument for why men shouldn’t lay with beasts.’ 
     Merrith doubled over, ‘Please stop, Anabel, he’ll hear me,’ she squealed through clamped fingers.
     As they entered through the town gates the squalor became apparent. If Ash was bad, then Briar was much worse. Ragged scrawny limbed townspeople with downcast eyes trod the streets. The slavers were in the fullness of health and walked about with an arrogant swagger pushing and abusing any unfortunates foolish enough to stray too close. 
     Grik’s quarters were situated on an elevated site in the centre of the town, surrounded by a hastily erected wooden fence. The captives were driven into the courtyard. Grik barked orders to his men and rode back out of the compound. The guards brought the two women into the house and locked them in a room that had one large bed, a table, and a chair.
     ‘Not exactly sumptuous is it,’ mused Anabel.
     ‘No...I don’t think comfort was a priority,’ agreed Merrith looking around.
     Anabel walked to the small window and opened it to allow some air into the stuffy room. The frame swung back a full ninety degrees before thudding noisily against the iron cage that enfolded the window's outer casement. The town stretched around them in a semi circle.  There was no structure to the layout. The dwellings were erected in a haphazard way without planning or forethought. A myriad of small dirt roads and dark alleys corralled the houses into irregular groups. A smell of filth and decay hung heavily over all. 
     To the rear of the town, Anabel could just about see the slave pens. Up to three thousand people were imprisoned together awaiting transfer east or north. They looked wretched, and either sat alone, or in small groups. Mothers hugging children, husbands hugging wives. Anabel’s temper rose. She grabbed and pulled one of the iron bars and to her surprise it moved a little. The building was old and the window-frame was rotten. She froze. Had anyone noticed, she wondered. Looking around the compound she saw the guards still in idle conversation at various points along the nearby walls. There were no ringing bells nor shouts of alarm. She tugged on a second bar and it also moved. She smiled and stepped away from the window. 
     Waiting for nightfall, the women took turns trying to loosen the bars further. One would stand listening at the door, while the other would keep working the bars backwards and forwards, freeing them a little more with each pull. Near midnight Merrith heard heavy footsteps approaching. Anabel closed the window and they both jumped into bed. A bolt was thrown back, and the door opened as Grik entered.
     He had come for Merrith, ‘Girl! Wake up!’ he whispered harshly. 
     Anabel rose onto an elbow and glared at him, while placing a protective arm across Merrith.
Grik held up his lamp and saw the murderous look in Anabel's eyes. He hesitated, rubbing his bushy black beard and split lip, he stepped back out of the room and bolted the door shut. Anabel listened to his retreating footfalls until she was satisfied that he was truly gone, then allowed her staunched breath to escape in a long slow release. Merrith hugged her tightly in thanks. By dawn’s approached, one of the bars was loose enough to be pushed aside while the second was close to breaking free. Anabel arranged them so that they looked untouched, and both women returned to bed. Somewhere outside a cockerel announced the arrival of the new day with a raucous crow. The townsfolk stirred and slipped from warm beds, their weary hands groping for lamps in the predawn dark.  Anabel and Merrith, exhausted by their endeavours, dropped easily down into sleep. Two hours later there was a thud as the door-bolt was opened and a portly, grey-haired, woman entered with a tray of food. ‘Come on now, me hearties, time to get up. Come on, me sleepy-heads, wake up now,’ she called cheerily.
     Anabel managed to raise her head from the pillow. Her hair was a jumbled mess of tangled knots and waving strands.
     ‘Good morn, dearie. I’ve brought you a bit of food to help you break-fast,’ she smiled again lifting the tray up for Anabel to see.
     Anabel nodded, ‘Thank you,’ she croaked.
     ‘My-my, dearie, you look terrible, if you don’t mind me sayin’. Are you coming down with somethin’? The old woman cooed in a soft caring voice.
     ‘No I’m fine,’ Anabel covered.’ It was a very long trip.
I’m afraid, a hard wagon-bed does not lend to a good night’s rest.’  
     ‘Of course. And there’s me cluckin’ on at you like an old roostin’ hen. Do forgive, dearie. My name's Rosa.’
     Anabel eased herself out from under the blankets. She had slept in her clothes and now they were a bundle of creases.
     The woman was old, and grandmotherly. She placed the tray down on the table and started unloading the dishes. The two steaming bowls of porridge, bread, cheese, and jam, reminded them just how hungry they really were and they tucked in to the food with relish.
     ‘Goodness you are famished. Didn’t you sup last night?’ asked Rosa.
     ‘No,’ answered Anabel. ‘That brute, Grik, forgets that people need food to survive.’
     ‘Well that’s just not good enough, if you ask me,’ Rosa shook her head disapprovingly. ‘I’ll have a word with my grandson about it. Did you know that he runs this whole place?’ she said, making a sweeping motion with both arms.
Anabel looked up at the old woman who stood smiling blankly back at her, ‘Your grandson is...Grik?’
     ‘Who? No-no-no,’ she shook her head dismissively. ‘Never heard of no Grik, dearie. My grandson...Fengrik…Fengrik Spritely.’ 
     ‘Anabel blinked the sleep from her eyes, ‘What does Fengrik look like?’
     ‘Oh you can’t miss him. He has big broad shoulders and black whiskers. Takes after his father he does,’ she nodded.
     ‘Am I delirious for lack of sleep or did she just say that Grik’s name is Fengrik Sprightly?’ whispered Merrith, looking like she was on the verge of another bout of hysterics. 
     Anabel gave her a gentle kick under the table.
     ‘Yes we know him, Rosa,’ smiled Anabel.
     Rosa looked confused, ‘Know who, dearie?’ she scratched her head.
     ‘Fengrik,’ said Anabel. 
     ‘You know, Fengrik?’Rosa asked, looking excited.
     ‘Yes Rosa we know him,’ nodded Anabel.
     ‘He’s my grandson you know,’ Rosa smiled broadly. ‘He runs this whole place by himself. Clever lad, he is.’
     It quickly became obvious that the poor old lady was easily confused. The girls chatted politely to Rosa as they ate, and had to repeat themselves on more than a few occasions. While Rosa was distracted Anabel slipped the breadknife down into her breeches. It was sharp and she had to be careful not to slice her leg open as she shoved it down. They also kept the extra bread and cheese and stowed it beneath their blankets.
     ‘Well it was so nice talking to you girls, but I must be about my duties now,’ Rosa finally said, while loading the empty dishes onto the tray. As she got to the door she turned. ‘I must tell my grandson about you two lovelies. It’s about time he settled down and found himself a nice girl.’
     Anabel and Merrith smiled and nodded politely. Rosa closed and bolted shut the door.
     

It was almost midnight. Grik sat in his strong room recounting his gold for the second time that day. He loved the feel of the cool heavy metal in his hands. The coins shimmered in the flicker of yellow lamplight. Bright and golden, like evening sunlight on calm waters. He scooped up a double handful and let them trickle through his fingers. He was a rich man now and would soon be even richer. The hard work of recent years had finally paid off and he could now retire to Gantu-Prime in luxury. No that’s not true, he corrected, but it soon would be. Just as soon as that final payment was made. He smiled and raised the whiskey jug to his lips again. He had been drinking all evening. Now the room was starting to move of its own accord. He grinned, enjoying the disjointed dance unfolding before him. He wanted company and remembered Merrith. He smiled again, but then the smile dropped as an image of Anabel’s angry face appeared from the mists of his inebriated mind. Deciding against the idea he drained the contents of the jug, then hiccupped and burped. 
     The room was spinning even faster now. He tried to place the coins back into the wooden chest that he used to store his gold, but missed and dropped half a handful to the floor. Stacked in neat columns of ten, the coins covered most of the table he was sitting at. It was no use. His bleary, overly moist, eyes struggled to focus as the chest started a slow undulating circular movement that got faster the longer he stared. With an effort he tried to get out of the chair, but found that his legs no longer worked. He collapsed back down and fell forward as he passed out across the table-top sending coins flying in all directions. Soon the sound of his raucous snoring reverberated through the house.
    

 Anabel wanted to wait until she was sure Grik had gone to bed. There was no point attempting the escape early. If he came into their room, as he had done the night before, and discovered them gone, all the effort would be for nothing. So they waited and listened for his approach. It was well past midnight before she was happy that he wasn’t coming. They slipped out of bed and removed the knife and food from beneath the mattress. Anabel looked out the window. Apart from a number of small brazier fires on the perimeter wall and the odd streetlamp, the town was dark. With great care she gently opened the window and pushed the bars apart. There was just enough room to slip through. Tying the blankets together they made a rope and secured it to the leg of the bed. It was basic, but would suffice. Anabel helped Merrith through the opening. She grasped and hung on tightly to the rope-blanket and slid down to the lower level of the house. Anabel soon followed. They found themselves on flat roof of the lower tier and inched along, carefully feeling their way to the edge and peered over. 
     Below them a flat-bed wagon had been parked against the side of the house. Anabel lowered herself down as far as she could, and dropped onto the back of the wagon. Merrith followed, but had Anabel's shoulders to stand on as she lowered herself down. There was light shining through a slit between two of the logs that made up the east wall of the house. Anabel pressed her eye against the little opening. Inside she could make out a small room filled with boxes and trinkets. And there sprawled across a table in the middle of the room lay Grik. The slaver’s comatose body was surrounded by hundreds of gold coins. Anabel’s eyes opened wide at the sight of the gold and she was momentarily transfixed by the scene. A tug on her sleeve from Merrith brought her out of her reverie. Anabel showed Merrith the gold.
     ‘It seems he’s gotten his payment. I hope he chokes in his sleep,’ hissed Anabel. 
     ‘Anabel please, we have to go,’ pleaded Merrith.
     Anabel nodded and they left the wagon. The stock fence around Grik's house was not sturdily built. The wooden poles were strapped together with rope that was rotten and easily cut. Once a few had been loosened they were able to slip through to the town proper and quickly disappeared into its warren of dark streets.  Anabel had a rough idea of where the main gate was, but it still took the best part of an hour to find it. One guard stood watch. He was leaning against the side wall, partially  obscured by the dark. Anabel saw his feet sticking out from the shadows just before they blundered straight into him. They hid in an alley behind some empty barrels.
     ‘Now what do we do?’ asked a wide eyed Merrith.
     ‘Hang on, let me think,’ answered Anabel, biting a thumbnail. ‘We need a distraction.’ Anabel leaned forward and ripped Merrith's dress along its seam exposing one of her legs up to the thigh.
     ‘Hey!’ objected Merrith.
     Without stopping Anabel reached over and undid four buttons on Merrith's blouse.
     ‘Will you please tell me what you are doing?’ asked a bemused Merrith.
     ‘You, my dear, are going to be our distraction. And a mighty pretty one at that. If this doesn’t scramble his brains,’ indicating Merrith's plunging neckline. ‘Then this will,’ Anabel held up a large lump of wood.
     Merrith smiled, ‘You could have explained, before tearing at my clothes. What do you want me to do?’
     ‘Just walk past him and smile, and let nature do the rest. When he's hooked, bring him over here,’ Anabel hefted the piece of wood and made a swiping movement with it.
     Merrith swayed out of the alley and over past the gate. The guard stood out from the wall as she approached and smiled. As she passed him by he went to walk after her.
     ‘Hello there, pretty, haven’t seen you here before. Wot you doing out by yourself, an’ it being so late?’
     ‘I’m visiting my uncle. He lives on the other side of town. Just needed some fresh air, the night's hot, and his house is so stuffy,’ Merrith placed her hand on her neck and ran it down towards her chest.
     The guard’s eyes bulged, ‘It’s not safe outdoors at night, didn’t your uncle warn you, missy?’
     ‘He can’t keep me cooped up like that all the time, it’s not natural. A woman needs some freedom,’ Merrith allowed her hand to fall against his chest.
The guard swallowed nervously. He was starting to sweat.
     ‘You see! You’re hot too. It’s just so clammy tonight,’ Merrith smiled seductively, while simultaneously gathering her long hair into a ponytail with both hands.
     ‘It's getting steamy alright,’ he agreed stepping closer.
     ‘I know a nice dark alley just back over there that we could go to. To help us cool off,’ she smiled. There was a wicked twinkle in her eyes..
    ‘I’m not s’posed to leave my post, you see,’ he said, but his mind was already ablaze.
     Merrith stepped back, ‘Oh well, I don’t want to get you into trouble, never mind,’ she smiled again.
     The man stepped after her, ‘No! Please don’t go,’ he quickly looked about, making sure they were alone. ‘I could spare a few minutes. I mean it’s not like someone’s goin’ to run off with the gate now is it,’ he ran his free arm around Merrith's waist, pulled her close, and tried to kiss her.
     Merrith leaned back away from his lips. ‘Not here! My uncle might see. We’ll have more privacy over there,’ she pointed towards the alley.
     The guard nodded and followed closely behind as she sashayed back across the forecourt towards the shadows.
As they rounded the corner Merrith lead him past the barrels and turned to face him. He grinned down at her and went to step closer. Just as he removed his helmet a heavy blow knocked him senseless and he fell face down into the filth.
     The girls opened the gate just wide enough to get out and then closed it behind them.
     ‘Now where?’ asked Merrith.
     ‘Anywhere but here,’ answered Anabel stealing away into the darkness.
     Anabel’s heart was racing, she really hadn’t expected to get this far. That alone was a victory. As her mind cleared the enormity of their achievement began to sink in. They had succeeded against all odds. They had escaped. As they fled blindly into the night, not caring in which direction, Anabel knew it would be harder to stay free. But she was determined to do just so, no matter the cost, for as long as humanly possible. 


End of Book One.


Please check my wattpad page for updates on where to      
buy further books in the series. Many thanks.

BooK Two: Blood and Fire

http://www.wattpad.com/user/Adam_Collins











