The Sons of Parganas
The Rise of the Gods: Book I
By Jake Yaniak

Copyright 2014 Jake Yaniak

All Rights Reserved

Smashwords Edition

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, events, and locations are fictitious or are used fictitiously. Any resemblances to actual events or persons, living or dead, are entirely coincidental.

Maps of Tel Arie may be found by visiting the Punishment of the Gods facebook page at:
https://www.facebook.com/TheHiddenNameSeries

For the author's blog, please visit here:
http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/6949089.Jake_Yaniak/blog



Dedicated to my beloved wife Sarah
for her unfailing love and companionship, 
my parents for instilling in me a love for the fantastic, 
and to my brother and sisters, for their constant 
support, friendship and conversation.


Note From the Author
This book is the first part of an upcoming five-part epic fantasy story 'The Rise of the Gods'. It is offered free to the reader as an introduction to the world of Tel Arie. If you enjoy this book, please remember to leave a review, and check out my previous book 'The Punishment of the Gods,' which is set in a different era of the same world. It is available at Smashwords.com for only $2.99. 
This ebook may not be re-sold, but the reader is encouraged to share it with others. I hope to make the rest of 'The Rise of the Gods' available for purchase sometime in early 2015.


Table of Contents
Introduction

Book I: The Sons of Parganas
Chapter I: The Very Beginning
Chapter II: Of Mankind
Chapter III: Concerning the Elves
Chapter IV: The Brothers
Chapter V: The Rise of Ilvas
Chapter VI: The Steelsmith
Chapter VII: The Princess and the Plan
Chapter VIII: Choices Already Made
Chapter IX: The Longer Road

From The Author
About The Author
Introduction
There are none who know so well the value of history as do the elves, who, were it not for the might and valor of our own City, would have plunged the whole world under tyranny eternal. It was the strength of our City alone that held them back when in the beginning of this age they sought to take the whole of Tel Arie for their own, and it was the daring and cunning of our warriors that broke their power in Olgrost, Ilmaria and finally in Weldera. One kingdom still remains under their power, and we have every reason to believe that it will, in short order, fall as well.
But there are a few among our more learned citizens who have taken thought to the survival of our own City. For the ancient prophets spoke clearly concerning the breaking of the Magic Tower, and the coming of certain omens has revived the ancient fear that one day this mighty City would, like all other dominions, come to an end.
Those who think that such thoughts are overly dark ought to take heed and think of what befell the once mighty Vestron Kingdom, and then later the Marin Quendom that replaced it. Look at Dadron's fall also if you cannot by other means convince yourself that no City is immortal, whether it is the abode of elves or of men.
In this work I mean to recount certain events and doings that have great relevance to our own City's security and future. Some of these things have generally been swept aside by our historians, who always have their eyes on the mighty, and who therefore often miss the very small. Surely, the small affects the large just as the large affects the small, and no account can truly be considered Truth if it does not pay attention to every detail.
Read on, and learn why, though peril certainly will come to Lapulia, there is perhaps yet reason to hope. 


Book I : 
The Sons of Parganas

Chapter I :
The Very Beginning
The Queen's Words 
'You are the cause of everything; of that which has passed, of that which now is, and of that which must soon come to be. 
'Look to the world, my son, and see with what regularity it conducts itself. See how futile would be the craft of the mariner if the waters on which he sailed had not a fixed law. And how vain would be the trade of the smith, if his iron could say of a sudden, "This day, I shall not melt, though your fire be ever so hot." 
'You also, my son, are ruled by such laws. Yet it remains true nonetheless that it is by you that all the stars of heaven are given their light. 
'What? Do you not believe me? You, my son, are like a leaping flame, springing to life when at once there is the right heat, fuel and air. When these are present, so is the fire, and when they are not, the fire is not. Tell me, my son, is it not so, that you are the fire, kindled of your parents' love? Take away your father, my son, and where would you be? You would be as the fire, when the logs are removed from the hearth. Remove your mother, and will you not be as the flame that has been covered with a cloth, or doused with cold water? 
'You see my son, if all that has been remains as it was, you must be born, for the world is ruled by laws, and as surely as the flame leaps up when the wood is hot and the air is flowing, even so do you rise as it were from the passion of your fathers and their forefathers before them. 
'Take away any one of them and the whole is upset and undone, resembling not at all what it had hitherto been. So it is true, you see, that if you had not been born, then your father and your mother must have had lives different from what they had. But how can we, who are ruled by laws, have lives different from what we have been caused to have by our own parents? 
'If the world had been different, then different causes must be employed; would you expect that one might change the cause of the world without changing what that cause hath wrought? So that one cause, which brought forth sun and stars, moon an earth, to make a world different from that wherein you must be born, must have been different also. And if that cause be different, my son, do you not now understand that the sun and stars must have been different also? 
'The stars, my dear Pelas, the stars as they shine have you as their cause; you are the link in every chain that makes the world that which it is, and without which nothing would be as it is. Change yourself, my son, and watch the world change with you; change the world, my son, and you will be changed also. You are connected to everything; you and all are one.' 

Thus spoke a doting mother to her favorite son in the ancient world of Bel Albor. But even as the words left her lips, the fate of her own realm was sealed, and there remained nothing more that any man could do to prevent that which would eventually fall upon the kingdoms of the North. For her words were imbibed by her young child's eager ears, and they were not without effect. 
Pelas Parganascon was the youngest of two twins, both sons of Lord Parganas, who had by many wars made himself lord of a great realm. Despite their common parents, and despite the usual way of twins, Pelas and Agonas could not have been more different from one another. Pelas had a smooth and clear complexion, soft hands and a kind face. 
Agonas, his brother, was dark and rough, with eyes of fire and a sharp brow. These differences proved to have a profound impact upon the opinions of those around them, manifesting themselves in the form of many inequities. If Pelas was called wise, his brother, for the same accomplishment, was called cunning, or crafty. If Pelas was called strong, his brother was called mighty or fierce. If Pelas was called beautiful or noble, his brother was called dashing or handsome, and so on and so forth. The Queen, Lady Aedanla, could scarcely look her elder son in the eye, and was very often plainly indifferent to him. But Pelas she adored; and she tutored him herself, though she sent Agonas to the schoolmasters for his education. 
On the other hand, the King, Lord Parganas, considered Pelas to be 'almost a daughter', disdaining his gentleness and quiet spirit. In his eyes, it was the strong arms of Agonas the Elder that would some day bring great honor to his kingdom. Accordingly, he took Agonas aside and taught him to use the blade and spear personally, while Pelas learned from Maru, the Captain of the Guard in Parganas' army. 
Despite all of this, the brothers remained close in spirit, and would take no part in their parents' quarrels. When they did quarrel it became clear that whether it was in strength of arms or in strength of wit they were twins through and through, neither having any advantage over the other. And so Pelas wished it always to be. For he noticed more of the inequities of the court than his brother, and wished them never to impinge upon their fraternal love. 
Agonas, on the other hand, noticed the inequities only indirectly, and strove with great fury and passion to retain his position. 
Pelas, not wishing to lose the balance they had enjoyed from their youth, in turn strove with great exertion to remain his brother's equal. More often than not this manifested itself in a deep comradery, and a jovial competitiveness. But on occasion, a shadow of their future as it were would reveal itself and blood would be drawn in contests that were meant for recreation. 
There was a time, just as they neared their fourteenth birthday, that they fell into a rage and wrestled one with the other. Agonas held Pelas fast, and bent his arm so hard behind his back that Pelas shouted with agony and cursed his brother's name. When he was at last released from Agonas' grip, Pelas fell upon him with a fury, breaking his brother's nose with a strong blow with his fist. 
King Parganas had Pelas beat with a rod, but at his mother's request, not so much as a mark was left upon his tender skin. As far as Agonas was concerned, Lady Aedanla said only that, 'it was not much of a nose before, and it cannot be much worse for having been broken.' 

As these two brothers and all that they would do, both in their own era and in ours, can be considered the effects of those causes that preceded them, there is much that can be learned by considering those causes, even unto the very beginning of the world. 
How the Old World was brought forth, and who the principle actors were in its foundation and its fall was merely hinted upon in that valuable though disjointed work, the War of Weldera, wherein the final judgment of those so-called gods was described. Seeing how that eminent author left this world without having completed his whole design, I thought it would be fitting if I brought his work to completion and gave an account of those things he had left unstated. There is perhaps as much to be gained from a full history of the rise of the gods of Weldera as there has been in the account of their fall. Howbeit, in this case the rise itself was a fall. 
God and gods
If I am going to give an account of the rise of the gods, then I would certainly do well by defining just what is meant by the term 'god'. 
Though they take contrary positions concerning the matter, the Nihlion of Solsis and the Mages of Lapulia are, as far as I have been able to ascertain, the only men whose primary understanding of the word 'god' refers to the God of the Sages, or at least some manifestation thereof. To most of mankind, on the contrary, and in the traditions of the elves, gods are anything merely superhuman. 
Routinely in their histories, the elves refer to the monster Galmod as an evil 'god'. The dragon worshippers of Lakil ascribe a sort of divinity to their late master, who they say frequently assumed the form of a mighty dragon (particularly when the wine flowed freely during their autumn festivals). The inhabitants of Kharku, from what little is known of them, seem to have gods in greater quantities than they have men. In Vestron, and to a lesser extent in old Bel Albor itself, the elves themselves were at times considered gods. 
One certainly cannot rule out the existence of all such supermen, monsters and sprites. But the one thing these beings all have in common is their temporality and their perceptibility. In other words, according to the teachings of those who worship them or fear them, they are creatures such that they can be discovered by eyes and hands. That being the case, there has been a long tradition of irreverence among the Mages of Lapulia concerning these gods. To us the asceticism of the dragon worshippers, the political interests of the elves, and the gullibility of the Kharukers can explain such beliefs far better than the truth of their doctrines. For if these gods be visible, audible, perceptible, then we, perceiving, yet seeing them and hearing them not, are more than just in concluding them to be the figments of careless minds - and nothing more. 

Along with us in this opinion, interestingly enough, are the Nihlion of Weldera, who, like us, ascribe no divinity to such beings.  I am told that among the Nihlion are to be found men as doubtful of the world of spirits as the Lord Mage of Lapulia himself. But, as the knowledge of these people is still somewhat new to the world, not much more can be said concerning what they, as a whole people, accept and reject. 
What separates the Nihlion from the Lapulians, however, is their answer to the next question: Is there such a being as the Sages describe by the term God? Here, I must confess, I find the view of my own people (the Lapulians) most unsatisfactory, as I will make clear in what is to follow - and I beg my readers to withhold their judgment of my own view until it has found its full expression in the fourth book of this work. 
Both the Nihlion and the Mages agree on this point: that the world is temporal, perceptible and understandable. Both these parties are also in agreement that God is none of these things. It follows from this that the world is not God, nor is God anything within the world. It is strange, then, that the Lapulians say such a being does not exist on the basis of facts discovered solely within the very thing to which the Nihlion contrast their deity. 
It is an established doctrine in our city, that Reason left to itself cannot prove the truth of anything; it only has the power to draw from our knowledge what is already contained and implied therein. The content of our knowledge, of course, is restricted to the limits of our own experience, as any one who reflects upon their own thoughts can easily discover. Thus, Reason finds itself restricted to experience as well. Now, it must be admitted that we cannot experience that which lies beyond the power of our senses. An evaluation of the doctrines of the Nihlion, then, is beyond the power of sensation and Reason alike, and therefore, beyond the power of man. Those who say, as our Lord Mage has recently declared, that, 'The notion of the Nihlion, that God made the world, is not a peculiar one, nor is it a compelling one. For if such a being existed, surely we would find in this our world some semblance of evidence,' - those who say such things reveal only that they have misunderstood the whole matter. 
All this has been said to prevent what must certainly be objected against what is to follow. It will be said that in recounting the creation myth of the Nihlion, I have wholly departed from sound thinking. For what proof have I that the doctrines of the Nihlion are correct? What proof have I that they are not? 
That the mind of man has its limits is, ironically, one of the most difficult truths to get men to understand. But the accounts of men such as the Nihlion, strange though they sound to a Lapulian's ears, must be evaluated by their own merit, and not on the misunderstandings of careless thinkers. And they must be understood in the terms of those who wrote them, and not according to the conventions of Lapulian mages, who share no common history with the Nihlion, either in language or custom. 
As the motto goes in our own City: 'Learn it first, then learn it thoroughly, then judge.' 
Golden Age 
It is said among the Nihlion that the Eternal One first of all created the mighty Maja, who, in the traditions of Dadron, is called by the name Thaeton, Lord of Dragons. The government of the Elementals was placed under his command, and he was given the task of shaping the world that would soon appear. For this reason he was worshipped by the southern elves under the name of Ilviria, which signifies, Goddess of Life. In Kharku this ancient being has more names than can be remembered, but the most prominent name is 'Khuhus', which means, 'Crafty One'. If there is anything resembling a true deity among the Kharukers, then it is the one they call 'Khuhu Nai', which signifies, 'the Greatest Crafty One'. The Nihlion in some of their less important texts seem to split the Maja in three, calling him at once, Ternus, Espas and Caustos - 'the three false gods who created the world'. 
When at last the work of creation was completed, the Maja took upon himself the form of a Dragon and entered into the world he had formed to survey all that had been created. But he found it to be quite different from what he had expected. In great frustration he returned at once to the abode of the gods, which lies beyond the starry heavens. He came at last to the throne of the Almighty and made his complaint, saying, 'What has come of all my labors, which I expended upon this earth? It has been brought to naught.' 
This answer was given to him, 'Your labors have not come to naught; only within your own eyes is this so.' 
'I made a world of joy and mirth, but it has, by some other power become a ruin and a wreck!' the Dragon protested. 
'The only power in the world is that which was given into your hands to do with as you please; look within yourself, and you will see the world you have made. But look without and you will see the world that has created you. All is not lost.' 
'But I was granted the power to do with the world as I wished; how then is it otherwise?' 
'It is true that you were given such a power. But more than that you were not given.' 
At this the Dragon fled away and returned in a rage to the earth. Like a flaming arrow he smote himself against the world he had made, causing a great fire to rise up from the ground. In the midst of these flames the great Dragon lay himself down in great anguish of soul, lamenting the work of his own hands. 

When he arose, and when he had taken a look at the stars above, he discerned that an entire age of the world had passed. The air had changed, and there was a gentle rain falling - this was the first rainfall. The feel of the water calmed his raging heart and he could, for that moment only, discern in the world a quiet wisdom. A voice spoke so softly to him that he could not tell whether it was his own heart speaking, or some other being. 'Think not that I shall leave the world a ruin forever. This world, though you think it has been corrupted, has not been forsaken. It is your work alone, but you are not your own work. From thence shall spring the destiny of the world. Take comfort!' 
Of Living Things 
When the Dragon first beheld a living creature he was moved, for the first and only time, to laughter. So thunderous was his guffaw that the Nihlion say, in their fairy tales at least, that his laughter gave birth to all the winds of the earth. While this doctrine has led many in my own city to fall into fits of laughter themselves, it is not so very different from the very serious and pessimistic opinions of some of our own Mages. Master Ecus, for instance, in a very long work on motion argues that even the tiniest movement can bring about a hurricane or a cyclone in another part of the world. At any rate, it is very likely that both the ancient Nihlion and Ecus had the same principle in mind when they wrote, though they spoke with different tongues.
The first creature, the Nihlion say, was something akin to a tiny fish, and it appeared in the warm waters off the eastern shore of Dominas. The warm sun and the ancient ocean together nourished this life, and after an age had passed the waters teemed with an infinitude of creatures. 
When the dragon saw them he was filled with disappointment, thinking to himself, 'Is this that of which the Almighty spoke? The frailest thing I have yet beheld, and it is the world's great hope?' 
With great anger he filled his lungs with air and sent leaping flames out over the waters. The flames licked up the waters, turning the living creatures into ashes and smoke. But for all his wrath, there were a few that remained, and those that survived his anger grew mightier with each blast of flame and went deeper into the sea where the flames could not reach them. 
The dragon plunged into the depths, his fiery soul boiling the water wherever he swam. Beneath the waves he pursued the living creatures to the darkest regions of the sea. But despite his great power he could not extinguish them all. In time, the creatures grew strong and large, and those that survived donned armor of scales and learned cunning ways to evade their vicious assailant. 
He took their resistance as a mockery of his own labors and his own sufferings, and he vowed to make an end of them. 
In time the fish grew so strong and sturdy that a few of them dared to crawl out of the sea onto dry land, their thick skins now hardened against even the boiling sun above. But the dragon arose from the waters in pursuit, hot with rage and with steam rising from his flesh. He chased these creatures into the forests and jungles of the world, which had sprung up out of the earth during his absence from the dry land. These he burned with fire, always in pursuit of the living creatures. But for everything he slew, a new creature arose in another place; stronger, and more prepared for his rampages. Even the very forests he burned began to withstand him, and some trees even produced seedlings that would not begin to grow without first being burned by fire. 
In time, the living creatures of the earth took to the air to escape the dragon on the ground. And the dragon followed them, chasing them through the sky, soaring upon his mighty wings. 
Thus the whole world - air, land and sea - was filled with living creatures, and the Dragon at last retreated, finding a great cavern in the south in which to rest from the furious war he had waged against all living things. There in the darkness he turned his mind to other things, hoping to find the hidden wisdom of the world. But he sought it not to gain hope, but rather advantage; for he hoped that by it he might overthrow the purposes of heaven. Meanwhile, the fires and wars he had begun continued to rage, shaping and changing everything according to his hatred. 
Of the Goblins
Among all the creatures of the earth there have been none so clever as the apes. For this reason they are the most beloved of the dragon; and in the ancient world they were his most faithful servants. After several ages of the world had passed, and when his fury had at last cooled, the Dragon Thaeton emerged from his lair and wandered the plains of Kharku in despair. It was there that he first laid eyes upon these strange beasts. 
His immense size and his terrible power soon gave him the lordship over even the strongest of them, and from their line he bred the wildmen, who are the ancestors of the goblins. 
With the power of the dragon ever at their side, the goblins multiplied and spread throughout Kharku and made their way into Ilmaria, Dominas and even into the southern portion of Bel Albor. Soon these creatures became too numerous for the dragon to manage, and he was forced to forsake the greater portion of them, leaving them to fend for themselves in the distant wilds of the world, but the strongest of the creatures he kept in Centras, which is now the island of Kollun. 
There he built for himself something of a fortress, though no wall could give him better defense than his own scales and claws. From Centras he waged a long war against all that was beautiful, sending whole armies of brutish ape-men out to trample every flowering field, burn every forest, and to soil every clean brook. 
Almost as if in response to this injury, the world grew all the more perilous: Poisonous animals of every kind appeared, and dark creatures of sickness crawled about under every rock, making the goblins pay for their infractions in full and in blood. 
Of the Dwarves
Some time afterwards, in the land of Kharku, Thaeton discovered a group of apes that were even more adept and cunning than the goblins. He tried to bring these also under his dominion as he had done before, but was met this time with fierce resistance. These 'Fire Children', as they were called in the ancient days, he discovered in the smoldering hills of Khufahr, which is in the land that is now referred to as Deplund. The hot and arid terrain made their skin as strong as leather, and the ever-changing volcano made them - at least those who survived - adaptable. 
Upon them the gift of Reason was first bestowed, though it was not given to them in the same measure as it would later be given to mankind. It is said among some of our more comical poets that it was the hot landscape that made them first devise words and language in consequence. Surceti says, through one of his actors, 'Indeed, that divine spark was given to the dwarves by means of that earthly spark, which burned ever beneath their feet. Wherever the heat grew too great, the dwarves would cry out, 'Yaha!', which would effectively and verbally give warning to the others to find some other ground to walk upon. Incidentally, 'Yaha' is the dwarven word for both 'hot' and for 'peril' in general.' 
The name they gave to the dragon, when at last he had made himself known to them in power, was Yaha'Nai, which being translated is, 'The Great Evil' or ' The Great Fire'. 
It was primarily through their ability to use words that they were able to evade the dragon's many assaults. After he was unsuccessful in his endeavors to enslave them, he took it upon himself to stamp them out from the earth. But with each war he and his goblins waged, the dwarves grew only stronger than before. If their bones were like oak in the beginning, they became like iron by the end of that age. Their intellect became as swift in its judgment as their arms were in battle, and their skill in forged metals grew in proportion to their needs. 
The fire of the dragon drove them deep into the ground where they discovered and mined the many hard metals from which they crafted their armor. The dwarven name for 'armor' is fle'na, which seems to indicate, 'double-skin'. This skin they bore in their contests with the goblins, driving them, for a time, almost to extinction in Kharku. When at last they faced the Maja Thaeton, he found that they had become too powerful for him to defeat. In a battle, lost to history, but easily discernible in the ruins of that ancient land, ten-thousand dwarf built Golem-riders battled the Dragon, severing his right hand and piercing him with so many wounds that the dragon was, for an age of the world, thought to be dead. He fled from that battle and disappeared beneath the waves of the western sea.


Chapter II: 
Of Mankind
Man
The goblins that had once dominated the whole earth were now leaderless. In the absence of their Dragon-lord, the Hobgoblins appeared, dividing the races of goblins according to the happenstance of war. These creatures carried on the work of their former master by instinct now, though the terror of their lord had passed away. They made war against one another, they befouled the waters they drank, they trampled the earth beneath them, and devoured the living creatures of the world. And for all this they suffered in proportion to their ignorance. 
But among them arose a tribe of goblins more noble and more powerful in battle than any other. The reason of their sudden ascendance lay as much in their strength as it did in their intelligence. They devised an elegant but simple system of speech and they built sturdy homes and strong weapons. Independently of the dwarves they explored the deeps and made use of the strong metals they found therein, though never with the same level of skill. These, properly speaking, were the first human beings, though the elvish histories deny their existence altogether. The elvish historians, having inverted consciences, have always found it necessary to invert their histories, making what clearly was truth into myth and making what was clearly myth into their history. This act of theirs, this falsification of history, more than anything else, is the cause of the deep hatred our people have always borne toward their kind. I trust that I do not need to cite any source to prove that this is the case. 

These men spread out all over the ancient world, founding societies on every continent. In the south they encountered the dwarves, and established a tenuous friendship, broken here and there by petty skirmishes and wars, but for the most part profitable for all parties. But it was not in the south that mankind was to meet its destiny. In the North they encountered the Dragon; and in the North they finally overcame him and from the North has come the means by which we also might escape the Dragon's evil. 
The wars of man drove many of the weaker tribes, both of goblins and humans, into hiding. One such tribe was the Yuhma, which had a man named Athann for its lord. They made their way little by little into the north, hiding in caves and behind waterfalls to escape the perils of the wild. 
After many years of wandering, they came to a land of such abundance that they were collectively stricken with dumbness as they wandered through natural orchards and waded across the crystal rivers of the Far North. 
The word they devised for this place was 'Iha', which the traditions of the Nihlion suggest is derived from the sound of a man gasping, as if his breath had been taken away by the sight of something beautiful. 
In this place they encountered that being the Nihlion call Daryas, but whose real name is unknown to the modern world. He said to them, 'It was not chance alone that led you into this land. You have been led here by the will of the Almighty King. It is time for your kind to take its place in the world, and restore it to its ancient luster. To this end has your tribe been preserved from perils, and for this task they shall receive blessing such as has not been bestowed upon any other creature. Life unending shall be given into your left hand, and wisdom unlimited shall rest in the palm of your right hand. Walk in the blessing of the Almighty, and your righteousness will shine like the immortal stars of heaven.' 
To this the lord of men readily agreed, and he relayed the words of Daryas to his tribesmen, who, being refreshed and strengthened against their sufferings, were greatly encouraged. 'A new name I give to you,' Daryas told them all, 'You shall from henceforth be called by the name, 'Man', and it is your destiny to restore the world.' 

There is nothing that happens upon the land that does not affect the waters, and the signs of this new commission soon reached the Maja, who had spent the past age doing to the inhabitants of the sea what he had done first to the inhabitants of the land. It was through his work below the surface that the great monsters of the deep were created. Galmod, the sea monsters, and the Aguians alike were shaped and formed by his wicked deeds, and for the most part subjugated to his purposes. The dolphins alone, it is said, resisted him, and for this they are revered by the holy men of every age. 
But when he heard about mankind and the task for which he had been elected, he rose from the abyss and crawled out upon the shores of Bel Albor. No longer had he the strength or the will to fight, and since his defeat by the dwarves, he was fearful of any creature in possession of wisdom. 
When at last he made his appearance among mankind, he made no effort to terrorize them, or to demonstrate his great might. He seemed, to them, like some ancient beast, weary, and ready to die at any moment. For several years he haunted their gardens and on occasion, when they were not frightened away, he would speak to them with soft words, calling them each by name, and sounding, by all accounts, like a caring kinsman rather than the dread Lord-Dragon. 

After he had gained their trust he approached the Lord Athann, who had been given rule over all the people of Iha. 
'For what,' he asked, 'do the men and women of your clan labor?' 
'We labor for the Almighty King,' he replied, taking a break from his labors as one who pauses to greet an old friend. 
'But, for what do YOU labor?' 
'What do you mean?' Athann said, 'We labor for the Restoration.' 
'And is that Restoration for you also?' the dragon asked. After the man made no reply, the dragon turned and left him. 'I must find my way back to the shade; the noon sun is too strong for me these days.' He slowly wandered away, breathing heavily and dragging his tail upon the ground. 

Some time later, the dragon, having already planted his seed, and given it time to germinate, thought to himself that the time had come to water it, and hopefully, to bring to fruition his subtle assault upon this race of men. But he went not to Athann again, for he knew the man must hold him in suspicion from their previous encounter. Instead, he went to Lady Mainalann, Athann's beloved wife, and, struggling with each step, he crawled to her feet. 
'Dear friend,' she said to him, 'why do you struggle so?' 
'It is because death is near, and my old bones pierce me from within.' 
'Is it so dreadful,' she asked, with tears forming in her eyes, 'to die?' 
'Who am I?' the dragon asked, 'to answer such a question?' 
'Then whom shall I ask?' she said, 'You are the wisest of all creatures.' 
At this the dragon laughed gently, 'Nay, daughter, I am but a child of the world as well. Look to the earth, to the sky, and to the great waters, and there you will find wisdom.' 
'I have lived my whole life amongst these three, yet I still understand nothing,' the woman said. 
'Come, then,' the dragon said abruptly, suddenly seeming to grow in strength and vigor. 'I will show unto you the world and its wisdom.' 
Sorrows
First the dragon brought her to a land of great beauty, a land in which living things of all kinds thrived. There he led her through fields of green plants and over bubbling brooks of crystal water. 'Is it not beautiful,' he asked her. 
'It is beautiful,' she responded. 'It steals the very air from my lungs.' 
'Then would it surprise you to know how much suffering lies beneath your feet?' 
'Say on,' she said, suddenly feeling a sickness come over her. 
'Dig into the mud, daughter of earth,' he said, almost in an imperious tone. 
She immediately complied, scratching at the ground with her fingers until she revealed a nest full of shattered eggs. 'What is this?' she said, puzzled. 
'It was the nest of a certain bird, that which your people call a 'groundling'.' 
'But what happened to the eggs - to the chicks?' 
'Look there,' the dragon said, lifting his nose toward the east. Lady Mainalann made her way slowly in the direction the dragon had indicated, feeling a greater uneasiness with every step. There she saw another nest. But here she saw a rat also, cracking the eggs one by one and devouring the chicks ere they hatched. 
'Now, daughter of earth,' the dragon said, 'Look at all this beauty with fresh eyes - and see that even as all living things have a kind to which they belong - even so, life itself is but a kind of the dead.' 

Those words went deep into her soul and began to work within her a sorrow and a hatred of all the suffering she beheld. She chased the rat away, and wept over the broken eggs. 
'Hmph,' the dragon snorted, 'it is a pity.' 
'What?' she asked,' wiping the tears from her face.' 
'The rat,' Thaeton said, 'it will have a hard time feeding its young. You see, if you save the eggs, then the rat must perish, for what else shall it eat?' 
'There are the green things, which we also eat.' 
The dragon laughed. 'Come,' he commanded. 

He brought her to an old forest and led her deep within where the light of the heavens is very faint. There she was shown a great many rotted limbs and fallen trees, many of which were now home to rats, serpents and spiders. 'How lovely is all this rot?' he said to her, showing her how everything that lives, even the trees, must be brought to nothing. 
'See how the insects devour the bark of the tree, and how the moss covers it and rots it away. Then look at these saplings, and how they, like all of these trees, struggle every day for their lives.' 
'I see them,' she affirmed. 
'These trees, these little trees,' he said sorrowfully, 'Do you not see how with every power they possess they struggle for life? And do you not see how, in blindness their very parents shut them out, and snuff them out, blocking the light of the sun from their leaves?' 
'I see it all,' she wept, putting her hand upon the rotted trunk of a dead tree. 

Next the dragon brought her to the shore of the eastern ocean, and showed her the bones of a great fish that had landed there by some mishap. The sight of the bones terrified her, but the dragon bade her walk on, sounding more like a master than a friend with every step. 
She came upon a sight that filled her with more horror than anything else. There was a great fish, the size of a large boat, lying upon the shore, hopelessly trapped and doomed. Above it circled many vultures and upon its wasted bulk there crawled scavengers and rats, each taking a piece of the great fish for its supper. She turned to leave, with tears streaming down her face, but the dragon compelled her to approach the fish. 'Do you see the pain in this great beast's eyes?' 
But Mainlann could not answer; her heart grew so heavy that she thought she would faint. 
Observe,' the dragon said, 'Can a fish again live, which has come onto land in such a way?' 
'No,' she said through tears. 
'And can such a fish receive any benefit from living at all?' 
She could give no answer. 
'Would not a shorter life better serve this great beast, and not a longer?' 
'It would seem so,' she said with great sorrow.' 
'You, oh stewardess of Bel Albor, into your hands has been placed the destiny of this world - into the hands of your tribe. What shall you do, then, to ease the sufferings of this creature?' 
'There is nothing I can do,' she admitted. 
'Can you not at least put an end to his suffering? Take a blade in your hand and snuff out his life,' the dragon commanded. 
'It is too large,' she admitted, falling to her knees in the sand. 'There is nothing I can do,' she repeated. 
The dragon took in a deep breath and then sighed. 'Very well, then, I shall do it. Leave this place now!' 

In great fear she fled from that place, her tears raining upon the ground as she ran. Behind her she could hear the sound of bones cracking and flames leaping. The great fish bellowed, making such an awful sound that all the carrion fled away in an instant. But in that same instant, silence came, and Mainlann knew that the fish was now dead. 
She continued running without looking back until she came at last, she knew not how, to the village of her tribe. She ran to her husband and fell at his feet, weeping uncontrollably. Her skin white as snow, her whole frame trembled with fear. 
The mere sight of his beloved in such a state brought the ruler of men to tears himself, and he lifted her into his arms and carried her to their home. 
When some time had passed, and her terror began to wane, she spoke to him of what she had seen. He listened to each word carefully, seeing in her face the deep agony that she had experienced. 
'It is too grievous a task we have been given, and one filled with evil,' he said as he listened. 
'But what can be done?' she said with tears. 'It is our destiny as well. We will fill this whole world with our children, and subject them as well to all this pain and horror. Shall our seed be scattered like the seeds of a tree, to be eaten in the wild? Shall our babes be devoured ere they are grown, by all the rats and hawks of this life? Shall our dear ones be cast along the road like the shells of so many eggs? What endless torment has been has devised for our children!' 
'It shall not be so,' Athann said with sudden resolve. 
The End of Mankind
Athann and his wife retired to their tent, and for seven days they did not come out. When at last they emerged, they found the whole tribe gathered around them, waiting as it were, for some new revelation. They were both very gaunt and frail, for they had taken no meat and drank only what water they were brought. In their eyes there was a glow, however, as if they had gained the very knowledge of heaven. 
Despite the infirmity of his body, Athann's voice sounded strong and confident. Beside him stood his wife, Mainlann, with tears upon her cheeks no longer. 
'Children,' he said with no sign of emotion, 'the world is evil. Look within yourselves and see. When the body is filled with desire, it is miserable for the lack of its fulfillment. When the desire is fulfilled, the body is miserable for the lack of desire. What is life without misery? 
'He who can know suffering, suffers the greatest. The beast of the field is happy, even until the lion comes and tears at it, and even as it is torn limb from limb, it has only the pain to endure. But man has disappointment mingled with every grief, and fear with every new day. It is a sorrowful tale - the history of men, and a sorrowful story it will forever be. We, the wisest of all creatures, are cursed with the greatest possible sufferings. 
'For what end? I ask, for what end? Look about you and behold how meaningless is every individual thing. Every creature comes and passes, suffering just long enough to pass its spirit into a new frame and then expire. The children do the same, and their grandchildren also, until what? What is it all for? What good shall it do for man to endure until the end of time? To survive is to magnify suffering, and therefore to magnify evil. 
'Turn aside therefore, my children, from the way of life, and make no creature to suffer, whether for meat or for labor. Relinquish desire, and succumb to the sleep of time. Let us resist this world, and in resisting it find peace in the hands of death, where we may drink in the dreamless sleep of oblivion.' 

To go along with these new doctrines, Athann and his wife devised new laws, and swore that they would usher their people gently across the threshold of death, where their suffering would come to an end. It was in those days that men and women first began to wear clothing, properly speaking. They had, of course, for the sake of warmth and to hide their skin from the blazing sun, created raiment for themselves in times prior. But now, to avoid the evils of life, and the travails of childbearing, Athann forbade his people, especially the women, from being seen unclothed, lest they should be tempted to extend mankind's suffering.
The Rebellion
There was a young man in the tribe by the name of Adapann, who was, prior to the new laws of Athann, betrothed to a young girl named Avann. But at the command of Athann all such betrothals and all marriage unions had been dissolved. 
But it so happened that as Avann was bathing in the stream with some of the other women a great bear appeared, such as lived only in the ancient world. In a great fury this bear attacked the women, sending those who escaped into the wilds, wearing only what linens they wore for bathing. 
Ignoring her companions altogether, the bear pursued Avann into the forest of Hunn, where she found refuge among the trees. The bear remained below her, circling the trunk and snorting with great frustration. From time to time the bear would lean its weight against the trunk of the tree and lift itself almost close enough to catch Avann by the ankles. She wept as her feet felt the hot breath of the monster below her. 

Soon news of the attack reached the ears of Adapann, who rushed into the woods alone with his fishing spear. He was waylaid by Furann, the chief servant of Athann, who said to him, 'Why should you rush to save life? Do you not understand the ways of our people?' 
Adapann said nothing, but pushed the man to the ground and rushed into the forest. 
His contest with the bear was great, and he received many wounds. But in the end, with the shattered ends of a spear meant for river fish, Adapann, the Father of all Warriors, bled the monster to death, staining the forest red with blood. 
He took Avann from the tree and embraced her, glad to see her safe from peril. But as they embraced, their old love was renewed, and they remembered the life they had envisioned ere the new doctrines of Athann had rent their destinies apart. 'It is evil,' she said to him, shuddering as his eyes were fixed upon her, 'to look upon me so.' 
'Then it is an evil I must bear, for I could no sooner look away than I can fly up to the clouds and drink from the crystal skies above.' 
'But shall we be found guilty of that evil, which Athann has expressly forbidden?' 
Adapann sighed, and looked into his beloved's eyes. He put his hand to her face, and brushed the hair from her eyes. His bloodied hand left a streak of red upon her cheek, and he saw just how pale she had become. 'Athann would have us forgo love in order to abstain from suffering. But who ever said that suffering is an evil? And who ever said that sorrow ought to be avoided? Why should we let ourselves perish, and our work with us? If we choose to live, then perhaps our pain will be great, but so also will be our righteousness. 
'Athann is wise to keep your beauty hidden away,' Adapann continued, 'if it is his intention to bring about the end of mankind. For having seen it unveiled, my will is taken captive, and I will choose every pain and every sorrow for the sake of your love.' 
'And what of our children?' Avann said, with tears swelling in her eyes. 'Will you bring pain and suffering upon them as well?' 
Adapann, with fire in his eyes, said, 'Yes! I shall bring suffering upon them! Do you not see, that the love that we share, is the root and beginning of life? The very passion that lies betwixt us is the will of those children, generation after generation calling out to us from the world that is to come. For my part, I shall no longer resist them. To live, to die, to suffer even as we do, is already the choice that they themselves have made. Mainlann has seen the death of many creatures, as the Old One has shown her, but did she not see that every one of those creatures desires life, and not death? We may escape sorrow by following Athann to death, but we shall also thereby escape goodness. Judge now, my love, which of these ought to be our master.' 
She looked up at her beloved with tear filled eyes and, choosing the way of pain, said, 'I will follow you, my love, for the power that draws us together is irresistible.
With those words spoken they turned their backs toward the village, and, hand in hand, abandoned Athann's path and the tribe of mankind.


Chapter III: 
Concerning The Elves
Daryas Returns 
It was not long ere Daryas returned to visit Athann. When it was rumored through the village that the old Spirit had returned, Athann retreated once more to his tent, thinking he might, through deep meditation, find some satisfactory answer to give that luminous emissary. But when at last Daryas appeared before him, he asked for no explanations, but simply said, 'You have seen fit to join the great Dragon in his rebellion. You think that in denying your desires you will be made free from suffering. But in denying them you will only be shown to be powerless. No creature can choose to suffer. But to the end that they should do so, and thereby survive, they were given their desires. The very passions you shun exist precisely so that men like you cannot thwart the work of the Almighty. 
'You have called this world evil,' Daryas continued, asking rhetorically, 'But what right have you to judge what is good and what is evil? That is a power that was never granted to your kind. But if it is your will, that the word of man shall establish right and wrong, then your will shall be done. And you will see in due course, that the lies of the Dragon have worked within you for evil and not for good. If you find the path of the Almighty King too hard to tread, then tread your own path, and see whence it leads.' 
'I never asked to tread any path at all!' Athann said, defiantly. 
Daryas laughed, 'For whose sake was the world made? Think you that it was called into being from darkness so that you, Athann, son of the apes, might be happy? Why should your happiness matter to any but yourself? Do you really think, child, that righteousness is the same as happiness, and that wickedness is the same as suffering? 
'This world is a hard fate,' Athann grumbled, 'and it is a sorrowful tale your master tells.' 
'Perhaps,' Daryas said, 'But it is HIS tale to tell, and it will be told whether Athann pleases or no.' 
'I shall have no part in it at least,' Athann said, almost hissing. 
Daryas grew so bright in that instant that the whole world seemed to become black and dead by comparison. 'Then your part is taken away,' he said, calmly, but with a voice more powerful than the world. 'And your destiny shall be given to another.' 
Within a week, Athann took ill and died. He had grown thin since the day he chose the way of death, and his body was empty of vigor. But in his last hour, his resolve faded away, and he commanded a great feast to be prepared. He ate one last meal of meat and bread, and then fell into a fit of sickness. The people mourned him, and his servant Furann took charge over the tribe. 
Athann was not the only man to meet his end in this manner. Death had entered into the tribe, and every which way they looked, there was sorrow and pain. Furann, faithful to his master's commands, exhorted the people saying, 'Do you so easily forget, my friends, how death is nothing to us, who have given up pleasure in life? This is the path we have chosen; to suffer the death, so that our suffering will not pass on into our sons and daughters, even as it does among the wild brutes of the world. Take heart, and face the grim master with courage, therefore, and make an end of suffering for as long as the world endures.' 
Nonetheless, the people did not follow Athann's old laws with the same conviction they had at first. Many began fishing the rivers again, and some even hunted for birds in the forest, growing strong on the flesh of the animals, as they had done before the coming of the Dragon. The situation was more than Furann could control, and the whole community broke apart. The death throes of Athann were exhibited fully when three of the younger women were discovered to be with child. 
In the end, man's instincts, and his desire for life prevailed, and the folly of Athann and his wife was ended. But the work of the Dragon that had driven them to their rebellion in the first place continued in the hearts of man, and has passed down from generation to generation. And so the despair of the Dragon passed into man, and haunts him to this very day. 
Of the Elves and of the Aggelos
Even as Daryas spoke to Athann, the lord of mankind, another messenger, known to the world as Paley, was sent to the exiled Adapann and his wife Avann. They were led into the west to the place the ancients called Vitiai, which signifies, the Mountain of Life. There they were given a place to live and a land to tend, and promised that, so long as they held fast to the purposes of the Almighty King, they would not see death as their fellows in the world below. 
Their descendants became known as the Aggelos, and they were, for an age, hidden away from the world. Upon that mountain they built great cities and lived in peace such as the world had not known before, and has not known since. But the echo of the Dragon's words still rang, faintly, in the hearts of the people. Though one land was filled with life and joy, and the other with death and sorrow, both tribes of men, the humans and the Aggelos, multiplied, and filled the land with their children. 
It was not long, then, before the people of Bel Albor left their northern homes and spread out into the wilderness to the west and to the south, coming to settle in the shadow even of Mount Vitiai itself. 
Now, the men of Vitiai had very dark skin, and, over time, the people of Bel Albor had become fair-skinned. Thus, when at last the young men of Vitiai beheld the daughters of the mortal men below, they were captivated by their strange beauty. 
'There are no such women among our kind,' one named Azale said to his comrades, 'And why should we be denied their love?' 
He and his comrades, some two-hundred men altogether, swore to themselves that they would make their home in Bel Albor, rather than in Vitiai, and departed from their home in a great caravan. They brought to the people below gifts of gold and silver, and many other fine things that their age of peace had provided them with in abundance. 
They came first to live among the Western tribes of men, who had settled nearest the Mountain of Life. As might be expected, their dark forms and their mighty horses stirred up the interests of the people, and they were treated in every way as gods. It was here that they first received the name 'Immortal' so as to distinguish themselves from the rest of mankind. As they had sworn, they made their abode among mankind, each taking a bride (some taking many brides) and mingling their undying blood with the blood of the dying. 
A new race of men appeared in that day. The offspring of the Aggelos and human beings were called Aglews, which in time became the word 'Alws' and eventually, 'Elves'. They possessed the vigor and passion of the mortals, yet also the wisdom and nobility of the Immortals, and in many ways they were right when they said of themselves, that they had been 'born to rule over all mankind.' 
The Aggelos and their children soon led their people to war and carved out kingdoms for themselves in Bel Albor. Chief among those who had descended from Mount Vitiai was Azale, who settled in the north where Athann had once lived, Semya, who settled in the far east, where the Dragon had deceived Mainlann in ancient days, Arakiba, who settled in the Wilds, which lay in the heart of Bel Albor, and Armaros, who had his domain in the south, near the border of our own world. Rameel, Satarel, Turel and many other Immortals made their homes near the foothills of Vitiai itself. But the plagues and hardships that befell them in that place soon made an end of their prosperity. It is believed that some of their number departed into the deep south, bringing their wealth with them and inspiring the legends of the people of Kharku before passing away into legend themselves. But who can say of a surety whence the people of Kharku derive their many superstitions?
Vitiai Assailed
The memory of Mount Vitiai would not permit the Aggelos to find contentment, however. The love of women, the hoarding of wealth and the acquirement of power was not sufficient for them so long as the beauty and peace of that mountain remained in their minds. They lusted after their old homes, even as they had lusted after the daughters of Bel Albor. Desire turned, with time, into envy, and the first rumblings of war, properly so called, began to be heard. Azale marched with Semya back into the west, leading an army of elves to lay siege to the Mountain of Life itself.
By the very paths through which they had entered Bel Albor, the fathers of the elves returned, bringing war and death to the peaceful immortals of Vitiai. They ravaged the eastern foothills and slew all that would not surrender to them. 
In the City of Life, from whence ruled Adapann himself, preparations were begun for war. 'It is in our seed alone that the memory of man's purpose survives,' he said to his captains. 'We shall not lose this war.'
But his exhortations were interrupted by one with wiser council.
'Nay,' said a strange and powerful voice. 'It is not so.'
'Who questions the Lord of Men?' the father of Vitiai demanded.
Standing before him was the figure of a man, clothed in white with a scroll in his hand. Tears were in his eyes. 'Adapann, restorer of the hope of man! It is not the day of your victory.'
'What is the meaning of this?' Adapann demanded.
'Has it been so many ages that you have forgotten the one who called you to Vitiai?'
'It was the Almighty himself that has ever instructed our deeds,' Adapann replied.
'Yet you have never seen the Almighty yourself,' the intruder said. 'Can you forget the voice that spoke to you His will and not forget also that will? If you truly know the Almighty then you will know also him whom he has sent unto you; for without his messenger, you are in ignorance.'
'Paley?' Adapann said, finally recognizing the dissenter. 'My lord,' he said, kneeling, 'forgive me.' His captains and his queen all fell to their knees in unison, for they would not dishonor their lord by standing taller than he.
With great emotion Paley looked upon them. 'Greater beauty has not been seen in the whole of the earth, not since the beginning. Nor shall its like be seen again. Yet it is not through the power, wisdom and beauty of Vitiai that the Almighty shall have his will. There are many paths that seem right to a man bound by time; but no man, be he ever so cunning, can see all ends. But the Almighty chooses the end, and knows well all the roads. You are right, Adapann, that in your seed lives the hope of mankind. But Vitiai shall fall; and that seed will be spread in the world below. You have chosen aright, and your enemies have chosen foolishly. But they are still your brothers and your sons, their folly born of your life as surely as their form and their features. But they shall not all be left in their wickedness - not forever.'
'Then what shall we do? Lay our necks before our betrayers?'
'You mean your sons?' Daryas said, reminding Adapann of the lineage of their assailants. 'Though many ages have passed, is not Azale your kin, even as these are who stand around you?'
Adapann was silent, he broke into tears and held his head in his hands. There he wept, and his court wept along with him, for the folly of their relatives, and for the evil that it had brought upon them.
'I say again,' Daryas continued at last, 'Vitiai shall fall. But do not fear that what you have done in this place has been done in vain. Even now the Almighty has prepared the vessel that shall bear his name and memory into the world below - and there is naught that you or Azale can do that shall prevent him. Go, therefore, and make an end to the people of Vitiai in what manner you see fit. Surrender to your enemies, and live as slaves. Or fight a war such as shall never again be fought, and perish. Long ago you wished upon yourself all the horrors of the world for the sake of love. Now, for the sake of love, accept them, even as you have committed yourself.'
Finally, the Queen, Lady Avann, spoke to her husband, 'It is a cruel fate that the Almighty has made for us.'
'Nay, my love,' he said, embracing her for the last time, 'It is a gift to belong to the Almighty. Do not fear Azale's army. We knew long ago that the end we chose was not for our own sake only, but for the sake of our children. Let us walk down it boldly, then, in our children. Therein alone is the hope of all men.'

From that hour the people of Vitiai were split into two groups. The Faithful, as they came to be called in later ages, remained upon the mountain awaiting the chains of Azale and the scourge of Semya. The others, not content to live their life as prisoners, took up arms and met their kinsmen on the battlefield as enemies.
For ten years the battle raged. The mountain itself was torn to shreds as fire leaped up from secret places and the weapons of Vitiai were unleashed upon the elves and their fathers. Semya fell to the ground in the third year, pierced with a hundred arrows. Azale, in desperation and anger, summoned to his side those who remained of his companions (of those who had deserted Vitiai for the daughters of Bel Albor). 
There perished Arakiba and many of his sons. Armaros also, and Rameel with him were killed in battle, slain during the sixth year by the spearmen of Adapann, who had abandoned their lord to seek their fortunes on the battlefield. Satarel and Turel, and nearly all their host were destroyed by the armies of Vitiai, who raged against the elves and their fathers with unending fury. 
In the tenth year, the warriors of Vitiai had driven their foes from the mountain, and had taken Azale captive. They bound him with unbreakable chains and threw him cursing into the deepest hole on the mountain, his hands still  red with dripping blood.
They threw a great feast and celebrated their victory over the elves and their traitorous fathers. Especially they celebrated their victory over Azale the Red-handed, whose fingers had been awash in innocent blood for the greater part of ten years.
It seemed to their eyes as though they had not only triumphed over Azale and his cohorts, but also over the very decrees of heaven. Paley and Daryas' names were openly mocked among them and the captains of the army laughed at the prophecies that had been given to them. The Faithful they bound with chains and confined in dungeons that had hitherto been used only for storage. 
The men of Vitiai had underestimated the elves, however, thinking that they would be weak in proportion to the degree to which the blood of the Holy Mountain had been diluted. But the very opposite proved to be the truth. They were wiser and more beautiful than the men of Bel Albor, but also stronger and hardier than the noble people of Mount Vitiai. 

It was in this age that Lord Parganas came to rule over the elves. He was the grandson of both Azale and Semya, his father being the son of the former and his mother the daughter of the latter. For a single generation the Mountain of Vitiai enjoyed its blood-bought peace. Lord Parganas united the people of that region into a single nation, and made one final attempt upon the Holy Mountain. His rage has not been matched, it is said, by any ruler of any age. He set fire to everything that had been wrought by hands, and reduced the mountainside to ashes. No tree remained standing, no field remained unscorched, and no enemy was permitted to live. Adapann himself was slain, though he offered himself up as a prisoner. Lord Parganas was merciless with his enemies. 
Except, he was prudent enough to understand that those who had, for a generation, languished in the dungeons on the mountain would be grateful to him for their release, though he was a conqueror and not a savior. These he sent down into the land of Bel Albor to be servants of his generals and captains. Among these went Maelani, the youngest daughter of Adapann and Avann.
The End of the Aggelos
In the generation that followed the end of the War on Vitiai, the Aggelos vanished from the earth altogether. The conflict itself had nearly made an end of those who had rebelled against Vitiai; Semya was slain, Azale lost in the Abyss, and their chief comrades were slain by the captains of Adapann. Those Immortals who remained, whether they were allies of Parganas or not, were hunted down and eliminated by Lord Parganas' servants, until all that remained in Bel Albor were the various tribes of men and those who had been the offspring of mortal and immortal - the elves. The latter of these groups soon gained the mastery over the other, as their long lives endowed them with a prudence the tribes of men could not match - or, so it has always been taught in the elvish histories.
It is unlikely that any king, whether elvish or human, save, perhaps, for Adapann himself, was a more brilliant ruler than Parganas. Knowing the advantage his kind possessed over the humans, he immediately set about the reordering of the ancient traditions. He learned and then destroyed all the histories of Vitiai and Bel Albor alike, preserving the truth within his breast alone. In time the humans accepted his version of their origins, and forgot the tales of their fathers, or began to view them as myths and fables. The very existence of Vitiai was wiped from their memory in but three generations, and only those elves who had partaken in the battles remembered what had come to pass on that now barren mountain. The very stones of the City of Life were pulled down and reused in Parganas' own fortresses, lest the ruins demand an explanation inconsistent with his official narrative. 
The history he had invented for his kingdom stated, in short, that the elves had descended from heaven to end the constant quarrels of mankind, and, therefore, all the hardships the elves inflicted upon their race were penalties, and every good thing they received was more than they deserved. If in addition to this the legends of man taught that the elves had destroyed the gods of old, Parganas thought it just as well.
Inheritance 
There is a difficulty that the first fathers of the elves did not entirely foresee. Their long lives provided them with many children, but no heirs. For an heir, properly so called, does not receive his inheritance until his father has deceased. But the elves had no intention of doing this. So their children, languishing in perpetual subordination, were given to despair. 
Their hopelessness led them to many excesses. Some took to the sea, seeking new lands over which they might make themselves lords. It is the firm conviction of our Lapulian historians that the greater part of these adventurous elves came to reside in Kharku, though a fair number of them dwelt in Vestron and even (our historians are less firm in this) in Dominas. Others resorted to patricide, and indeed inherited the kingdoms of their fathers after all. 
Showing the depth of their fatherly love, the elvish lords, to avoid these dreadful perils, resorted to unending wars and conquests, hoping to skewer two boars with one spear, so to speak. Any prince who proved himself to be overly ambitious was sent to the frontiers to battle goblins, monsters, wild men and whatever else might bring them to a quick and tidy death. If the perils of war were not sufficient to make an end of them, the servants of their fathers would poison them in their sleep. 
Lord Parganas was not above these methods. Indeed, it is partly because of this that his reign lasted as long as it did. But in the end he began to feel weary of the constant struggle between lord and hopeless heir. It was not his will at first, however, that any of his own children should succeed him. 'They are altogether weak minded and pampered,' he complained, and he banished his many wives from his chambers. 
It was then, some one thousand years after his reign had begun, that he first beheld the great beauty of Aedanla, who was the great granddaughter of Maelani, the last daughter of Adapann and Avann. 
The lure of such a union overpowered all other interests in his mind. He believed that uniting the blood of the elves with the blood of the Aggelos would grant his kingdom a legitimacy that could never be questioned. He had become so absorbed in his own fictional histories, apparently, that he forgot that his grandsires Semya and Azale themselves had been descendants of Vitiai. 
In time, Aedanla bore him two boys, whose fame has so overshadowed their father's that his name is now all but forgotten. 
Were it not for the protests of Aedanla, Lord Parganas would have left all, his kingdom and his authority, to Agonas. But the will of Maelani's granddaughter proved to be as fierce as that of fell Semya's grandson - neither Pelas nor Agonas would be given preference. Moreover, in every contest they were proved to be equals. 
The solution presented itself by the rise of Sunlan, a kingdom of elves that sprung up beyond the eastern marches of Parganas' own domain. The brothers were told: 'Upon your shoulders is placed the burden of bringing this land under my dominion. Whichever of you accomplishes this deed, and is first to sit upon the throne of Sunlan, will rule my kingdom as well.' 
Upon hearing this cruel decree, Lady Aedanla abandoned the halls of Parganas and settled in one of his villas, where she remained until sometime before the fall of Parganas' kingdom.


Chapter IV:
The Brothers 
The Land of Bel Albor 
There was a great river that poured from the Mountain of Vitiai and passed into the south. It was called, as all things pertaining to that mountain were called, the river of Life. Eventually it combined its waters with many thousands of rivers and streams and formed the Great Lake, which the elves call Brost. This lake was fed, not only from the west, but also from the east, and by all the rivers that flowed out of the Talon Mountains of the Sunlan Kingdom. The Great Lake was some six hundred and fifty leagues from east to west and nearly 200 leagues from north to south. Beyond Brost was a somewhat inhospitable land called the Dessa, which stretched south to even less hospitable waters. Beyond these treacherous seas was the land of Tel Arie, where mortals dwelt for a long while unmolested by the wars of the elves and the lies of Parganas. 
The Far North, as it was called even in the days of Parganas, grew colder and colder as time passed, driving what human settlements remained into Alwan Kingdom. These rich plains were separated from the north by the forest of Athann, a name the meaning of which few recalled even in that age, and still fewer recall at the present time. Seeing as there was nothing but frozen streams and crumbling mountains in the Far North, there were few who traveled beyond the northern forest. Goblins and wolves soon came to possess the land that had once been home to Lord Athann and his sorrowful wife Mainlann. 
Three great rivers split the land of Bel Albor as they made their way into the south. In the western region was the Alba River, which marked the eastern border of the Kingdom of Alwan proper; the ruins of Mount Vitiai itself, and its surrounding peaks, marked its western boundary. Along the banks of the Zase River, a tributary of the Alba River, was built the Royal City of Albori, where Lord Parganas himself dwelt. 
To the east of this land were the tributary kingdoms that were ruled over by those elves who had fought beside Parganas in his conquest of Mount Vitiai. This whole region was called the Marshlands, and there were at first several dozen kingdoms that divided the land between themselves. Every one of them swore their allegiance to Parganas. The River of Thedul wound its way through the center of the Marshlands, and terminated in the Lushlin Lake.
The great River Esse, whose source had never been discovered, marked the eastern border of Alwan.
Beyond this river, during the first age of Lord Parganas' rule, was nothing but wildlands. But over time certain elves who had fled from the Marshlands settled in the land beyond the Esse. These were the founders of what would eventually be called Sunlan. This land was marked by great hills and valleys, and lush riverlands fed by clean water flowing from the Talon Mountains. 
The Departure 
'Honor, my son,' Lady Aedanla began, 'is of greater utility to the living than the dead. When the body is perished, you will be naught but a memory in the hearts of others, and when they are gone - in the hearts of no man. To seek honor in death, then, my son, would profit you only insofar as you imagine your name living beyond you in the opinions of others. Have a care for your own heart, and your own memories, and see to it that you first endeavor to preserve your life. Worry about honor, then, at your leisure.' 
'What are you saying, mother,' Pelas said meekly. 'Are you saying that I should betray my own blood? Are you conspiring against the son of your own womb?' 
Pelas Parganascon, the son of Lady Aedanla and Lord Parganas, was tall and handsome. At twenty-five years of age he stood nearly a full foot taller than his mother. His golden hair was cut neatly just below his ears, and his face was cleanly shaven. He had just emerged from his chambers, taken his sword from its place on the wall and secured it two his belt when his mother approached him. He wore a bright white tunic with a golden belt, a crimson cape fastened at his breast by a silver clasp, and a pair of sandals. On his brow he wore a small crown with a single blue gemstone set on his football. His mother had been waiting for him in the hall. 
'No, my son,' she said weakly, with great pain in her voice. 'As though the dark one has not been pain enough for me, your father has seen fit to give him license to slay you. I do not wish Agonas dead; no mother could wish such a thing. But if there is to be kin-slaying....' 
'Mother!' Pelas said, making no effort to conceal his horror. 
'My son,' she pleaded. 'You shall be the god of Bel Albor, when at last your father ascends to take his place among the astral lords.' 
'And shall I begin my reign with the blood of my brother?' Pelas thundered. He knew as well as his mother that she believed not a word of what she had said about the astral lords. 
'If it must be so, then it must be so. It is not my will. It is the will of your father, who placed this burden upon his sons.' 
On the morrow, Pelas and his brother were to depart from Alwan Palace, and set out for Sunlan, where, Lord Parganas intended, one of them would prove themselves worthy of inheriting his kingdom. Lord Parganas himself had very little doubt about which of his sons would prevail. 
'May the spirits of the North take me, if ever I make myself the enemy of my brother.' 
Lady Aedanla looked to the ground, and tears dripped down her face. 'Then so it must be,' she mourned. 'But know this: your brother's thoughts are darker than yours; he will not hesitate to slay you when the hour comes.' 

Agonas wore very nearly the same garments as his brother, but his dark complexion made the luxurious attire look comical. His hair was much longer than Pelas', coming down past his shoulders. When he was in the palace he combed his hair and bound it behind his head with a red cord. Upon his crown there was a green gemstone, and the cape he wore was dark blue, rather than crimson. 
'Remember all that I have taught you concerning the rule of the people,' Lord Parganas told him as they sat beside one another in the throne room. They faced an empty hall, lit by sunlight as it blazed down through an aperture in the ceiling. Before them was a stone floor, carried piece by piece from Mount Vitiai more than a thousand years ago. It was now worn and beaten down, but Lord Parganas refused to replace or repair it. There were four thrones in the room. In the center there towered the seat of Lord Parganas, covered with gold and cushioned by red silk pillows. On the righthand and lefthand sides were two smaller chairs, likewise cushioned. Upon these sat the princes, Pelas at his father's righthand side (his mother's request) and Agonas on the left. The Lady Aedanla took a seat just behind her husband, but elevated so that she could see and be seen from behind the king's throne. It was a rare occurrence, but when the four of them sat in the hall together, none could stand before them without trembling. 
Agonas sat in his brother's chair, however, as his father spoke to him. 
'Remember also,' Lord Parganas continued, 'how the histories must be preserved against all detractors. For the past, my son-' 
Agonas interrupted him, '-determines the present, which determines, in turn, the future. To control one's destiny, one must first control his history.' 
Lord Parganas would have imprisoned and executed any other man for such an interruption, but he smiled at his son's impatience. 'You have learned well,' he told him. 
'I have learned from the mightiest,' he said, bowing his head slightly. 
'Now, concerning your brother,' Lord Parganas said with some urgency, looking toward the door to make sure they were alone. 'If you can spare his life, do so for your mother's sake. But I would not have his silk-skin sitting upon my throne. It is a perilous world, my son, and it was only because I was more perilous than my foes that I have won this great realm. If you wish to rule it, my son, then you must be perilous also.' 
Agonas looked amused and turned his head toward the doorway. Pelas stood there now, looking cross. Behind him stood his mother, peering out from behind his tall shoulders. She stormed into the hall, passing Pelas as he slowly made his way into the room. 
'Lady Aedanla, ' Lord Parganas thundered, 'how dare you surpass the steps of the prince of Alwan!' 
'He is no prince in your sight!' she said coldly, 'or you would not let his brother usurp his position.' 
Agonas rose from his seat and bowed low to his mother. She ignored him; he took his place at his father's left side. Pelas approached and bowed low to his father and sunk into the cushioned seat at his righthand side. 
'I warn you, Lady Aedanla,' Lord Parganas said, showing no emotion, 'you are not my first wife, nor would it be the first time I sent a disrespectful woman into exile, or worse.' 
'I shall send myself into exile on the morrow,' she told him. 'So you needn't trouble yourself with any official decrees. Thus you can spare yourself the embarrassment.' 
Those words seemed to have hit their mark. Lord Parganas rose from his seat. Lady Aedanla, knowing his temper, cast herself limply onto the ground and shook with fear, weeping. 
'I will not see you again,' he told her. She kept her face from his eyes and rose slowly. She turned and fled from the throne room, called for her maidservant, and departed from the palace forever. Her heart ached as she fled, for her love for Lord Parganas had been very great. Her fear for her fair son, however, had broken all affection between them. She could not abide his decision to, once and for all, pit their sons against each other. 
Ten minutes passed in silence, neither brother daring to speak to their fuming sire. But finally, Lord Parganas sighed. He spoke to them both with affection, and gave no hint of favoritism: 
'Tomorrow begins the trial of the sons of Lord Parganas. I swear by my own throne, which was won through blood and sword, and through fire and death, that he who first sits upon the throne of Sunlan, shall be heir, and I shall depart from this land. I will take up my place among the stars. '
He did not mean for them to believe this, but offered it as the explanation for the succession which must, in time, be introduced to the histories.
'Whosoever sits in that throne shall be lord over all, Alwan and Sunlan alike. It shall be in their hand to have mercy and to pardon whom they will, and to slay whom they will. Whoever sits upon that throne, I say, shall be god over all Bel Albor, and there will be, when at last that realm is in his dominion, none to rival his power.' 
'Pelas, my son,' he said sternly. 
Pelas rose and stood before his father. 
'Go, and know that the glory of your mother resides within you.' 
Pelas bowed to the ground and departed from the hall. 
'Agonas, my son,' Lord Parganas said, in the same tone as before. 
Agonas did as his brother had done. 
'Go, and know that the strength of your father resides within you.' 
Agonas left the throne room and made for his bed-chamber. They would be leaving at dawn, and they would not see their parents again. 
They were given no instructions or plans for their coming trial, no weapons or armies; their conquest was to be born of their own labor. They would receive no servants or gold, or anything more than they could acquire by their own ability. 'He who can rise from the dust and make himself into a king,' Lord Parganas said, 'is alone worthy to be a king.'
The First Oath
When Pelas awoke the following morning, he found that his bedchamber had been plundered and all his possessions had been taken away. His head felt heavy, as though he had been ill, and he had no memory of what had happened after he left his father's throne. He thought he could remember heading to the dining hall for dinner, but afterwards everything was clouded and uncertain. 
He called for his servant, 'Osli!' he shouted, 'Osli!' 
But there was no answer. He stormed out of his room, still wearing his nightclothes. There stood Osli, the silver haired servant who had served him for for the past twelve years. 
'Osli,' he said again. The servant ignored him, although his eyes looked uneasy. 
'They cannot speak to you, brother,' a voice said. 
'Agonas?' Pelas said, with fear in his voice. 
'Did you not understand what your father said? No help, brother. We cannot call servants to do our bidding any longer.' 
'But my things! My sword, my clothes!' 
'Your clothes belong to Alwan, and are no longer in your service.' 
'But you are dressed,' Pelas said, looking jealously at his brother's clothing. Agonas wore a brown leather shirt, a pair of cloth trousers and a brown hooded cloak. 'Who gave you those clothes?' Pelas demanded. 
Agonas laughed loudly. 'Brother! I got them from a merchant.' 
'But father said no gold,' Pelas protested. 
'Did I say I bought them?' Agonas laughed harder. 'Here,' he said, passing a bundle to his brother. 'Put these on, and we can be off.' 
'We?' 
'Yes, "we,"' Agonas chuckled. 'Unless you want to lay siege to Sunlan on your own.' 
'But the king said we are to have no help,' Pelas said confusedly. 
'Are you even awake, brother?' Agonas said, now growing irritable. 'And to think the people consider you to be the brilliant one!' he mused. 
'Have a care, dear hook-nose,' Pelas thundered, referring to his brother's broken nose. 'They say that you are the strong one, but we know better.' 
Agonas just stared at him.
Pelas didn't move. 
'Are you going to get dressed or not?' Agonas said with a smile. 'We have no help from Alwan, but we are no longer of Alwan. There is no reason we cannot work together, brother.' 
'And what will happen when we come to the throne of Sunlan? Who shall win the prize?' 
'You can have it for all I care, brother,' Agonas said. 'At any rate, more than likely the perils of the road will be enough to do us both in. But if we make it to Sunlan, then you can have the seat. I am not after a kingdom.' 
'Swear it!' Pelas bellowed suddenly, grasping his brother by the shoulders.
Agonas looked at his greedy eyes with horror. 'Swear it now!' Pelas repeated sternly. 
Agonas shook his head. 'I swear it; the kingdom shall be yours. What do I care for such things?' he said with a false laugh. 
The First Step 
'We will need supplies first and foremost,' Agonas said as the brothers departed from the palace. 'We should make our way to Fristan, which is due east of here. Every step toward the rising sun will lead us closer to our goal and further from our father's eyes.'
'You sound as though you are a fleeing criminal, brother,' Pelas marveled. 'Surely we should seek help first in our own town, where men know and love the sons of Parganas.'
Agonas laughed, 'Know AND love the sons of Parganas? My dear brother, have you ever set foot beyond the castle walls?'
'You know that I have!' Pelas retorted.
'I mean, without the parades, spectacles and guardians - have you ever walked the streets like a man?' Agonas had hints of a smile on his cheeks.
Pelas gave no answer.
Agonas explained, 'Even you must know that gold does not grow on trees. From whence, then, does our father fill his treasure houses?'
Pelas swallowed hard, embarrassed that he had not hitherto given such matters any thought.
'You are wise, brother,' Agonas said sincerely, 'wise in many things - and wiser than me. But there is much that our mother has not seen fit to teach you.'
A fire seemed to kindle in Pelas' eyes, but Agonas spoke again before it spilled forth. 'Do not be angry brother; this trial is meant to kill one of us, and our father means it to be you.'
Pelas nodded, the anger turning into sadness, but his lack of protest was as good as an admission. He knew his father's heart well enough.
'But I will not let that happen,' Agonas said through clenched teeth. 'Too long have our parents made us fight against one another. We will show them the strength of their own blood; we will show them how we, who were born of the same womb, cannot so easily be divided.'

Just as Agonas had indicated, the brothers were met everywhere with resentful stares and hateful glances. Some, who understood the meaning of their departure from the palace, smiled broadly as the two marched to their fates. This was not the first time a prince of Alwan had been sent on a Doom Path, as such errands were called among the elves.
Agonas purchased supplies from one of the merchants at the edge of the city. Where he had acquired his gold was more than Pelas could imagine. Agonas seemed to know every corner of the city, and he knew the names of many of the merchants. When they had enough food and water to last them a week on the road, they left the city through the southern gate and made their way southwest toward Gihln.
'I thought you said we were going east,' Pelas said puzzled.
Agonas pointed his head toward the east. There stood the Great Hill, which rose up on the eastern side of Albori City like a fortress wall, with steep rocks and steep grassy slopes winding their way treacherously down toward the road.
'I see,' Pelas said, finally starting to take their journey seriously. 'You do not want to climb the Great Hill. A wise choice.' He smiled.

A full day later, when the brothers stood about a league to the north of Gilhn, they turned their faces toward the east and left the road behind them. They passed silently across the countryside, passing farms and small villages without notice. Nearly four days after they had left their father's side, the brothers entered the town of Fristan.
In Fristan they acquired horses; Agonas laughed when Pelas asked him, 'What was the price?'
Pelas worried that they had been stolen, and suspected that it was for this reason that Agonas hurried them through the eastern gate of Fristan the following morning.
The horses allowed them to carry more provisions, and they passed many villages and towns without so much as stopping to rest. It was a beautiful land, Pelas thought, 'It is a pity we have to pass through as strangers, and not in our own proper attire.'
'What attire is proper to man?' Agonas said, 'I am more comfortable in boots than I am in golden sandals.'

The brothers continued their journey for another two weeks before they at last approached the borders of Alwan. Pelas had grown so accustomed to the pounding of hoof on stone, the rise and fall of the horse's gait, and the gentle blowing of the wind in his face that it now seemed as though he had, for all this time, simply stood still, watching the world itself pass beneath his feet. They passed over the Alba River on a great stone bridge and entered the Marshlands.

The northernmost portion of the Marshlands was fair and dry. It was not until the waters of the Thedul River drew near to the Lushlin Lake that the land became swampy and uninhabitable. Pelas could scarcely contain his disappointment when his brother informed him that they would be passing through the southern Marshlands, and staying far away from the cities of the Upperland. 
'Is this to evade the knowledge of the King's servants?' he asked, thinking such a motive hardly justified the difficult course.
'Why should we do that? If they are faithful to our father, why should they hinder us?' Besides, how would they know who we are? It is not as though we are going to call on our father's generals, or upon the noblemen, however few of them may perchance have seen us in our father's halls.'
'Then why do we make ourselves prey to mosquitos and flies?'
'We have both been princes for too long, brother,' Agonas said. 'We could both use a little toughening up; and there is no place like the Marshlands to sharpen one's skill.'
'And the vermin of the marshes and bogs will do this?' Pelas said.
'No. I would not bring us into the swamps just for that.'
'Then what?' Pelas demanded.
Agonas stopped and faced his brother, 'We have no hope of taking Sunlan on our own, and we cannot command any servant of our father on the basis of our parentage. We must raise a band of fighting men on our own. We must raise an army, brother.'
'And we shall find an army in these swamps?' Pelas said, looking out over the dismal landscape.
'In a manner of speaking,' Agonas answered.

'First, we will need a guide,' Agonas told his brother as they entered Alest, a small town of hunters and fishermen. They were still near enough to Alwan that some semblance of Parganas' rule could be discerned. No guide was to be found, however. 'The hunters know the land well enough,' one man had told them. 'But there are none for hire - least, not so far as I've heard.' 
After receiving essentially the same response from a dozen or so others, the brothers pressed on, coming to a place called Gilwel.
At the Mudwine Inn they were told by one toothless old mortal to seek out the two sons of Lohi, who knew the swamps better than any other.
'Bralohi, the eldest, knows the secrets of Marshlands like no other. His word is taken as law by the huntsmen, who count on him for news of their prey. He knows the paths the deer tread, and he knows the dark places, where even the animals avoid.'
'Where can these two be found?' Pelas asked.
'South, south,' the old man said, pointing his finger over Pelas' shoulder. 
'Should we trust the word of a mortal?' Pelas asked, causing the old man's face to turn red with anger.
Agonas laughed, 'Why not? What can he hope to gain from lying to us?'
'Now, just- ' the old man began to defend himself.
But Agonas interrupted him with a wave of his hand, saying, 'Brother, we will need to trust worse than this ere our task is complete. And the further to the east we go, the more mortals we shall come to depend upon. It is no secret,' Agonas lowered his voice to a whisper and spoke only to his brother, 'at least, it is no secret to us that the armies of the elves have never marched to victory on their own strength alone. It is said that 'the blood of man quickens the blood of the elves.'
'Where is such a thing said?' Pelas said, horrified. 'Certainly not in Alb-'
Agonas turned red and pulled Pelas out of the inn. 'It is certainly not said in Albori City, brother! But among the mortals, this is a proverb.'
'But the mortals have no memory of the Wars, they have only our father's histories.'
'Do they?'
Pelas looked confused.
'Do you really believe, brother, that they do not speak father to son, son to grandson? Do you think that they have not their own histories?'
Agonas could see the sweat forming on his brother's forehead. 
'But in time, the histories must prevail,' Pelas said.
'We shall see what the histories say,' Agonas said, 'only if we survive long enough to write them ourselves. For this we must make alliances with such as can aid us.'
'And you think these huntsmen are the ones?' Pelas asked.
'It is not only hunters who make their homes in Gilwel,' Agonas said, 'The Marshlands are a good place to hide for all manner of criminals, rebels and sell-swords.' 
Pelas turned as white as a ghost.
Kolohi
After refilling their water skins and replenishing their food stores, they left Gilwel by moonlight and made their way southeast along the road. 
An old guard at the town's gate warned them against this, saying, 'By night there are naught but brigands to be found along that road.'
'Indeed?' Agonas said as they passed through the gates.
They went on in silence until the wooden gates of Gilwel vanished from their sight, leaving them alone in a silent swampland. Thin clouds slowly veiled the moon, casting them into almost complete darkness. Their going was slow now, and Pelas was beginning to feel fearful. His eyes darted around in the darkness, searching frantically for signs of danger. The swamps were teaming with creatures. Fish leaped into the night to snatch bugs from the air while frogs and birds, rats and snakes crept through the brush. On more than one occasion Pelas' horse lost its course and splashed into the filthy swamp water, scattering animals and mud in every direction. 'Ugh!' he cried, pulling hard on his horse's reins.
'Will you keep quiet!' Agonas hissed. 'Are you trying to summon every brigand in Marshland!'
Just then, a dark figure emerged from the night. With one swift motion he knocked Agonas from his horse. He groaned and disappeared into the darkness. 
Another dark form approached Pelas, but he rolled off the side of his horse and onto the ground. He drew his sword and cut the figure down with one slash. Three more shadows drew near, each with drawn blades, shining under the moonlight. Pelas stabbed one, kicked the next into the bog, and disarmed the third, pulling him in front of his own body and placing the edge of his blade to his attacker's neck.
'If you have any honor at all you will cease this unprovoked attack, and save your comrade's life!' he called out with a regal tone to those who, he perceived, yet waited in the darkness.
He heard a sigh from somewhere ahead. A voice called out in frustration, 'If it weren't Falruvis I would send in a dozen men and make an end of you.' 
Pelas remained silent as Agonas rose to his feet and looked around. 
'What is the meaning of this?' Pelas asked, once his brother had returned to his side and drawn his sword. 'Who dares assail innocent travelers in the realm of Lord Parganas?'
The voice began to laugh. 'Innocent travelers?' it chuckled, 'If you are so innocent, why are you attempting the Bogs at midnight? Only a criminal, and a rather desperate one at that would try such a foolhardy thing!'
'Unless we were seeking the sons of Lohi,' Agonas said quickly.
The laughter stopped. A figure approached them, uncovering a small lamp. Soon other lamps appeared, and the brothers found themselves surrounded by armed men.
'Well, it looks as though we have caught ourselves some ghosts!' the man laughed.
Under the lamplight they could see that the person speaking to them was an elf, for his eyes betrayed a wisdom beyond that which belongs to humanity. His long brown hair was tied neatly behind his head. He wore a chain shirt and leather bracers on each forearm. He carried a drawn sword in his right hand that seemed to be on fire by reason of the light that fell upon it from his lamp.
'I am Kolohi,' he said bowing slightly. 'Forgive us, my lords, we knew not who it was that approached our lands.'
'You mean to tell me,' Pelas said, still holding the sword to his captive's neck, 'that you attack before you identify? What foolishness!'
'Foolishness, you say,' Kolohi said, nodding. 'But some might call it wisdom. You say the winter will come, my lord, because so it has always been. You prepare for it, that you do not get caught by it unawares. So it has been in this land; the brigands come from the north at night, and steal away our wealth.'
'Then you, who attack in the darkest hours of the night, are not brigands?' Pelas marveled.
'No, my lord, we are not.' He smiled broadly, 'The servants of Parganas are brigands, and they DO steal from us. They used to come by the main road, during the daylight. But we taught them better. Now they try to sneak through the swamps at night and carry off their taxes by stealth.'
'What nonsense is this?' Pelas demanded. 'The King's men, sneaking into swamp-sick villages during the night?'
'Foolishness, nonsense,' Kolohi said with a grin, 'yes, it is all nonsense. But that doesn't mean it isn't the truth. Does it?' he said, suddenly turning his attention to Agonas. 'You don't seem to be nearly as astonished as your brother, lord Agonas. Why is that?'
'Because I came here to find you,' Agonas said coldly. 'How can I be astonished in finding what I sought?'
'What do you want with me?' Kolohi asked.
'We wish to learn the passes of Gilwel and its swamps. We are going east.'
'We can take you as far as the Thedul River,' Kolohi said, 'But no more. I guess that, though you travel on the King's authority, you do not travel with it.' He clearly understood the meaning of their journey.
'We are going east,' Agonas said, 'but we do not merely want guides and passage.'
'Then-' Kolohi began.
'My father hates the men of Gilwel,' Agonas said. 'It will not be long before he summons his servants from the north and makes an end of your bravado.'
'Ah, yes, I might have expected this,' Kolohi laughed.
'You do not understand,' Agonas said, shaking his head. 'Revenue from the Marshlands has been steadily declining since you and your comrades began to withhold your duties. The very authority of Lord Parganas is openly mocked in these lands, even among the mortals, who ought to fear the elves as gods. This cannot stand. On the eve of next summer, if the lords of Thedua have not utterly destroyed you, then a great host of Albori men will march to your swamps. I do not believe you will be victorious.'
The details of the King's plan seemed to take the humor out of Kolohi's voice. 'What would you have from us, then?'
'You know why we have been sent forth,' Agonas said. 'Aid us; not as guides, but as comrades, and your people will never be taxed again, nor troubled by the Kingdom of Alwan. You yourselves, each one of you, will be nobles and lords, and given lands wherever you choose. Each of you will have an equal part in whatever treasures we acquire on our journey.'
Kolohi was silent for nearly a minute. Then, looking again at Pelas and his captive, he bellowed, 'Oh for the gods! Release the boy!'
Agonas nodded and Pelas let his captive go. 
Falruvis was small and thin; he could be no older than fifteen years of age. 
'His father would never forgive us if something were to happen to him,' Kolohi said.
'And the others?' Agonas said, looking at the man Pelas had slain.
'Only mortals,' Kolohi shrugged.
Bralohi
Bralohi was more reserved than his brother Kolohi. 
Kolohi had laughed when he discovered the sons of Parganas, but Bralohi seemed truly to pity them, especially Pelas, who seemed so wholly unfamiliar with the ways of his own kingdom. 'Lord Parganas knows the troubles that beset his eastern provinces,' Bralohi thought to himself, when he was told that the princes of Alwan were being brought to him. 'Why then should his prince remain so ignorant?'
'Unless,' and Bralohi felt sick as he thought about it, 'he does not mean for him to survive the ordeal.' Then he shook his head, remembering the purpose of such tasks. 'We would be better off mortal,' he said as he reflected upon the cruel ways the elves manage their nobility. He could accept the practice in general, but when their father so clearly preferred one son over the other, it made him feel sorrowful.
'If we could just work ourselves into the graves like men, we would be a happier lot.' 
Bralohi and his younger brother Kolohi were the eldest sons of Lohi, who ruled over perhaps the wettest and most perilous region of the Marshlands. In the ancient days their father had served in the army of Lord Parganas. His involvement was such that his services required some sort of reward, but not such that his reward should be great. He was not given, to make a comparison, South Lushing, the enormous flowered fields that lay between Lake Lushlin and Lake Brost. This region was given to Morakiba, the eldest son of fell Arakiba, who departed from Mount Vitiai with Azale in the previous age. Morakiba was said to have personally slain some five-hundred Immortals that day, and now he enjoyed his reward. Lohi killed but twenty-seven, including one of the chief captains of Adapann.
'For this he must receive something,' Lord Parganas had thought, 'But what else remains? There are too many heroes among the elves.'
So he decided to give him the Swamps, the wet, stinking bog that lies at the very heart of Bel Albor, between the Greater and Lesser forks of the Thedul River. But Lohi proved himself to be a cunning businessman, and an even more cunning politician. In time his influence came to extend beyond the rivers to the lands that lay to the east and west of his original reward. The town of Gilwel marked the northernmost reach of his arm.
In a kingdom of mortals it is inevitable that times of peril, draught, disease or war should deplete the treasuries, requiring their lords to levy taxes, confiscate the goods of their enemies and otherwise increase the wealth of the kingdom. But a prudent king, born among the immortal elves, if he plans well, will see naught but increase. It is hard to estimate just how much of the toil of men is consumed by planning for successions, inheritances, sicknesses and retirements. But among the elves this is not so.
'Lord Parganas has enough gold to fill a lake,' Lohi said, after some five-hundred years of heavy taxes. 'If he wishes still to collect from the Swamps what little we can conjure up from the soil, then he will pay for his gold with the red blood of his men.' 
Lohi himself did nothing openly against Lord Parganas. Sworn to secrecy, his youngest sons departed from him with the charge that they defend the people of the Swamps first from Lord Parganas' tax collectors and later, when their rebellion was discovered, from his warriors and mercenaries. Lohi publicly denounced and condemned them, disowning and cursing their names. But it was well known in the Swamps and in Albori alike that this was naught but a charade - though it could not be proven to be such. In this way Lohi grew more powerful, all while remaining, by all official accounts, faithful to his old commander.

Gilso was a small village - an encampment one might justly call it - situated next to a small lake of fresh water. There were large nets cast over every window to keep the mosquitos from entering the houses, all of which more closely resembled tents built out of wood than anything Pelas had heard called a house before. The largest and finest of these belonged to Bralohi, who was commander over all the rebels.
The night following the arrival of the princes, he summoned his chief servants to a council.
His eldest son, Aebral, sat at his side, looking so much like his father that they could scarcely be discerned one from the other (a circumstance that, among humans, is prevented by the process of aging).
Falruvis was there, still young enough to be distinguished from his father Ruvis. Ruvis had a deep scar across his nose, which he had acquired during Lord Parganas' last battle against the Holy Mountain. Falruvis was his youngest son - his other children had all perished attempting tasks not unlike that on which the sons of Lord Parganas now embarked. There was an air of great importance about him; Ruvis looked uneasy and almost ashamed to be seated near him. He gave Pelas an awkward glance and swallowed hard.
It had never struck Pelas, until that moment, just how rare it is to be a youth among such ancient creatures. Though he was older and stronger than Falruvis, it was by a mere handful of years. In a short while (infinitely short in elvish reckoning) the two of them would pass into the ageless perfection of their countrymen, leaving the shortness of youth behind for an eternal prime. In that moment he suddenly pitied the boy, seeing how nervous he felt to be in the presence of his important father, as well as in the presence of the stranger who had captured him, and, as it were, demonstrated his inexperience to all of his companions.
'He feels,' Pelas thought, 'not at all unlike how I feel when Agonas mocks me.'

Bralohi made no introductions. He began the meeting by going over some less important matters concerning the portioning of food and the maintenance of their encampment. He made some arrangements with one of the elves concerning the mortals they employed.
'The mortals wear out,' the elf complained, 'in body as well as spirit. Death is an enemy we do not understand as they. He stalks their paths and shadows their steps every day of their lives. When their hair turns grey, then Death has his hands upon their throats. We cannot press them much further than this.'
Pelas suddenly grew interested. He had very little experience with humans. The palace servants were all immortal, and only on rare occasions did mortals enter the city of Albori, and then only as slaves or criminals to be executed. 
'Are there many mortals in the Marshlands?' Pelas asked. As soon as the words departed from his mouth he realized how ignorant a question it was.
Agonas' face turned blood red and he stared at the wooden table with a hint of an embarrassed grin on his mouth. 
Twelve elves sat in the council: Bralohi and Kolohi were seated at each end of the table, Ruvis and his son Falruvis were seated beside Aebral. Also facing Pelas and his brother sat an elf named Dalta, who had long black hair (an unusual trait among elves), and an enormous elf warrior named Ginat. Beside the princes a warrior named Sol sat with two others, who were introduced as Cheru and Oblis.
'You will find,' Bralohi said with almost a fatherly voice, 'that outside of Albori, the better part of your father's kingdom consists of mortal towns and villages. Most of the cities belong to the elves, but the farm-folk are almost all mortal men.'
Sol added (it was he who had spoken to Bralohi just before concerning the mortals), 'Mortal men are born with fell Death within their sight. This drives them to a degree of rashness that is not to be found among the elves. Among us a courtship of a hundred years is not altogether unheard of, and the children come here and there, scattered across the centuries like drops of rain in the desert. But for men, all the days of their lives are as their last days, and they live them in frantic pursuit of gratification.'
Pelas fell silent, envying for the first time the hours his brother Agonas had spent learning from his father.

After another hour of what Kolohi complained were 'small matters', Bralohi turned to Agonas. 'You told my brother that there would be a great army coming to this region by the time the summer heat is upon us. Is this true?'
'It is,' Agonas said confidently.
'And how many warriors will he send?' Bralohi asked.
Agonas hesitated for a moment, but Pelas began to speak, saying, 'My brother underestimates your peril, my lord. The Lord Parganas will not be content with anything less than absolute victory. He did not do what fell Azale failed to do because he was a weakling. He has not risen to act against you yet; but when he arises to address the rebellion of this region, it will be in full force. All the hosts of Alwan will be at the ready. He may have winked at the strife in the Swamps till now, but when he comes, be certain that he comes to slay and kill and destroy his enemies utterly.'
Fear appeared upon Bralohi's face at those words.
Agonas nodded in agreement. 'I learned the arts of war from Parganas himself,' he said. 'There is none like him, not in all Bel Albor. Take my brother's words to heart.
'What would you have us do? We are already traitors and outlaws. Our father, in word, disowns us. We cannot withstand such a force.'
'Then flee,' Agonas said. 'I have already told your brother what your reward will be.'
'Nonsense,' Ruvis interrupted. 'Master Bralohi, you are letting these pups, scarcely older than my stupid Fal, command your will! They shall not command mine.'
'Hold your peace, Ruvis,' Kolohi said in anger, 'How dare you take such a tone with your master's son!'
'My master does not recognize Bralohi, or Kolohi, as his son,' Ruvis said. 'We are equals here.'
Falruvis turned pale, looking at the hard faces of those who opposed his father.
Sol sighed and leaned over the table, 'Let us start from the very beginning. It is true that we are all equal, insofar as Lohi calls us - CALLS us - outlaws. But do not pretend, if in the end master Lohi wins the day, that you are the equal of his sons. They, though dishonorable now, shall be honored above all other elves.'
'And beneath his boots I suppose you shall be honored next,' Ruvis said, leaning back in his seat.'
'Enough,' Bralohi ordered. The room fell silent. Oblis had risen from his seat with clenched fists. 'I will not require your muscle, friend,' he told him. 'You doubt these men, Ruvis? So do I. They have everything to gain from such an 'offer', and little to lose. Consider their position; they are not heroes or conquerors yet, they have no real goods to offer us by way of trade. Only a promise - the wages of tomorrow's labor. We shall see what they make of themselves.'
Agonas made to open his mouth, but Kolohi shook his head. 
Bralohi continued, 'I am not so foolish as to doubt a man's word, simply because a man stands to gain something from his claims. We shall see. You said that the might of Thedua would come against us first, and if that should fail, then Lord Parganas himself shall see to our destruction. If this is so, then we will wait until Thedua's men arrive. If they come against us in open war, so as to show the King of Alwan their competence, then we will believe that our time is spent, and we will follow you on your fool's errand, grateful to have escaped with our lives. But if summer comes with no threat from the north, then we will cut your throats and sink your bodies into the bogs.'
Pelas swallowed hard.
Agonas nodded and said, 'We agree; and in the meanwhile, we will do our utmost to serve you and your cause.'
This seemed to inspire some trust on Bralohi's part. The others would not gainsay him, and so it was agreed that, if war came, the people would follow the sons of Parganas into the east. But if war came not, then the sons of Parganas would be, 'cut in pieces, tortured, maimed and in every way treated like traitors, deceivers and devils.' 

Later that night, when the whole camp had gone to sleep, Agonas whispered to his brother, 'Now, good Pelas, we must find a way to make our falsehood into a truth.'


Chapter V: 
The Rise of Ilvas
Mind and Arm
They were not long among the rebels of the Marshland ere the old prejudices began once more to arise within the minds of those who observed them. After the brothers had taken part in just two raids (for Bralohi's men were not content with denying Parganas his tribute; they exacted a levy of their own from his allies) Agonas was deemed the stronger, and Pelas the wiser of the two brothers. 
In the first raid, Pelas had devised a rather cunning ambush, one which Agonas had also conceived, but taken just a moment longer to put to words. In the second raid, Pelas and Agonas fought just as bravely, but Agonas slew the warrior Unli, who was well known for his strength. Pelas was his brother's equal, but there was only one Unli and therefore no means for him also to prove himself. 
This inequity of perception only perpetuated itself, as Bralohi deferred to Pelas for council and called for Agonas when strength and skill were needed. At times the brothers laughed about this, but at others they became fierce rivals. During one raid Agonas disregarded his brother's strategy and thereby saved the lives of some twenty men. Pelas, in response, fought his way to the fore during the next raid, and dueled three warriors at once. 
'These men are both fit to be kings,' Bralohi told his brother. 
'But there is only one throne in Albori,' Kolohi said, shaking his head. 'Kings, you say, does that mean we will follow them?' 
'Not until we see whether Thedua comes or not. If their word is true, then Thedua will hasten to war with us. They will not want to appear weak in the eyes of their lord.' 

But Autumn came without any sign or threat from Thedua. Ruvis grew openly impatient, though the thought that they might soon rid themselves of these two schemers forced a grin to split his face. Otherwise the rebels grew to esteem the brothers, and even to appreciate the fact that Lord Parganas was not some distant political blunderer, but rather a warrior and a strategist. 'I believe,' Sol told the others, 'that come Springtime, we shall be leaving the Swamps.' 
Agonas had not been idle. In every raid he made certain that some subtle dishonor was paid to Lord Parganas' authority. It was as simple as the tearing of a banner, or the slaying of a nobleman, or the taking of some booty that was meant for trade with Albori. In secret he sent threatening messages to the lords of Thedua, telling them that the Swamps would not have them nor Parganas as a master any longer. Pelas did his own part by commanding the rebels so acutely and so cunningly that they began to appear more like a military and less like bandits in the eyes of the people of the Marshlands. 
By midwinter the first sign of open war came to the Swamps. A messenger appeared, accompanied by two hundred armed warriors. He spoke in the name of Lord Kasdeia of Thedua and Lord Abrion of Nassa, telling the people of the Swamps, 'Make no mistake, Lord Parganas rules these lands. If the sons of Lohi, along with all their cohorts, do not surrender and plead the mercy of their master, the lords of Thedua and Nassa shall fall upon them with the rage that, in ancient days, fell upon the quarreling hosts of mankind.' It was, of course, chiefly to the mortals of Marshland that this message was delivered. Their fear of death, Lord Kasdeia hoped, would keep them from foolishly risking their lives in support of Lohi's sons. 
This new development was sufficient, it seemed, to impress upon the rebels the truth of Pelas' and his brother's warning.

'We cannot wage war with Lord Parganas,' Bralohi said reluctantly when again the elves met for council, this time without the sons of Parganas. 'If he presses his weight upon us we shall be crushed like grapes.'
'What then?' Ruvis demanded, 'Are we to follow these pups to their dooms? You know, Bralohi, all too well I think, the reasons for their exile.'
Kolohi rose to his feet with murder in his eyes when he heard those words. 
Bralohi laughed. 'Calm yourself, brother. Ruvis speaks true enough. This band of rebels and our conflict with Thedua is our Doom Path, even as the conquest of Sunlan belongs to the princes of Alwan.'
Ruvis straightened himself in his seat and addressed the council. 'Bralohi, you and your brother were taught the histories of Lord Parganas, even as these youths have been instructed. But I was there; I saw the Mountain of Life when yet there was life upon those rocks. I fought against the gods in those days with your father at my side. We marched beneath the banner of Lord Parganas with all the same promises in our hearts. Lands, honors, liberties - whatsoever a man might desire. There was nothing he would withhold from us if we marched to war. Yet here we stand, his own sons before us, tempting us to put our necks under a new yoke, as if the yoke of their father were not heavy enough. And was the word of their father was not false enough that we need new lies to replace it?'
'I will not go back on what I have said,' Bralohi answered. 'We will follow the sons of Parganas to their fates. But whether we follow them or no, we must depart from the Swamps, and leave my father to his own cunning. Thedua comes, and after them, Parganas; we can shield him from his duties to Albori no longer.'
Kolohi nodded and asked, 'Where will a band such as ours find a haven? We are, as of now, vagabonds and exiles, what difference does it make, then, if we cast our lots with the sons of Parganas or no? At the very least, if we help them, we shall put them in our debt. If not, then we have as much to fear from their success as we do should they fail despite our aid.'
After an hour of debating whether this or that region of Bel Albor would accommodate their band of fugitives, Sol called for a decision. 
All but Ruvis chose to follow the course that Bralohi had described, putting their lives into the hands of Pelas and Agonas.
'My only solace,' Ruvis told his son as they left the council, 'Is that in all likelihood I shall not live to regret this night. For the dead have no regrets.'
'Is it as hopeless as you describe?' Falruvis asked, with a hint of fear in his voice.
Ruvis sighed, and then he spoke the words of one of the Theduan wise men, 'Have hope so long as you live, for you do not know what the gods may give.' But Falruvis could tell that he did not truly believe what he had said.
Within a week Bralohi, his elf captains and some five-hundred mortal men departed from the Swamps and began the journey into the eastern marches of Alwan.
Ambush
As it turned out, the sons of Lord Parganas knew their father's will better than they had thought. When the company had been on the eastward road for no more than three days, they were approached by a mortal man on horseback. 
'What is your name and business?' Sol demanded, as he, Cheru and Kolohi surrounded the man, weapons drawn.
'I am an ally, I am the son of Erlun, who was once a servant of yours. Though you fought at the request of Lord Lohi, we mortals have never failed to recognize how much was done on our behalf by his brave sons. But I am come to warn you: a great host marches south along the Thedul River, and scouts and spies have been sent ahead to find you.'
'Spies such as yourself?' Cheru said, suspiciously.
'I am no spy,' he said flatly. 'My father suffered many wounds for your sake, and my elder brother gave his life for the sons of Lohi. Shall I betray them now?'
Sol nodded, 'We thank you for the warning, son of Erlun, the warriors are preparing to make camp. If you make haste you shall have no trouble finding a tent among them ere darkness falls.'
'But I must hasten back to my master, Lord Otha, who you know to be loyal to the sons of Lohi. It was he that sent me here on this matter.'
Sol smiled slightly and then, quicker than a gale, he drew his sword and killed the man, knocking him from his horse. Without thought or feeling the three descended upon the corpse and stripped it of anything valuable: Three pieces of gold, a silver chain and a short sword. 'Send a man out later to burn the body and cast the bones into the bog,' Kolohi said. 'Return to your master indeed,' he laughed. 'Do they truly think we are as foolish as that? Return, yes, return with news of our location!'

Two days later they came to the River Thedul and found that the bridge was under heavy guard. 'They are not Theduan,' Bralohi said as he peered at them from behind a great rock, his sharp eyes having no need for a looking glass.
Pelas peered over and saw that, indeed, there stood some fifty armed men, garbed, not as soldiers of the north, but as the militiamen of Lohi.
'Is it some kind of ruse?' Pelas asked.
'Perhaps,' Bralohi answered. 'It may be Theduans in Swampland garb, or it may be the servants of my father making a show of it for Lord Kasdeia's sake. Or they may just be brigands.'
'Like us,' Pelas said flatly. 
Bralohi smiled.
'The latter two possibilities I do not fear,'Bralohi said. 'If they are my father's men, then they will let us pass untroubled. And if they are brigands, well, you know as well as I who has the greater number. But if they are soldiers of Thedua, then we have come into an ambush.'
'It is even as the son of Erlun spoke,' Sol said, 'They have come down Thedul upon the Southerly road, and cut us off.'
'That is impossible,' Bralohi said, 'Unless they sent a force before their messengers had even come.'
Pelas looked at his brother. Agonas smiled - their cleverly devised tale had not been a lie after all. Lord Parganas had indeed commanded Lord Kasdeia and his northern allies to press hard against Lohi's rebellion. Bralohi turned to the princes, 'We should have believed you,' he said soberly. 'I apologize.'
Pelas offered him his arm and they clasped one another's forearms as friends. 'Now let us see what we can do about this rabble.' Pelas now spoke as if the handshake itself had transferred the authority of command from the son of Lohi to himself. 'They are most certainly men of Thedua,' he continued. 'For brigands would not stand guard in this manner. Nor are they your father's servants, for they would have sought you out by other means, and not lain in wait like this. But they do clearly wish you to believe them to be such.' 
Pelas took a moment to think. 'What is the lay of the land?' he asked.
'We are but three leagues from the Turtle, where the mighty Thedul River is broken in twain, swallowing the Swamps and encircling the dominion of our father.'
'Then we are not, properly, within the Swamps of Lohi, where your father's authority cannot be challenged.'
'Correct,' Kolohi replied. 'His influence extends far beyond his rightful borders, as I and Bralohi have evidenced. But, thinking upon it, I do not think he would send a force to aid us this far to the north.' He squinted in the sunlight as he spoke, giving the guardians upon the bridge a more careful look.
'Then it is an ambush,' Pelas said. 'And I am certain that they have sent out spies to find us.'
'And find us they shall,' Sol said. 'For no man can hide a force such as ours in this place.'
'Yet they will not dare to fight us in the wilds themselves. They will try to draw us into the open, by means of some ruse or another.'
'What shall we do then?' Bralohi said, now fully sounding like the servant rather than the master.
'We must draw them into the bushes and thorns, and drown them in the bogs. For nobody knows these lands and how to battle therein better than Bralohi's men.'
'If these men are soldiers, then what you suggest is impossible,' Ruvis said, speaking for the first time.'
'How is it impossible, if they be men?' Pelas asked. 'To get men to do whatsoever it is that you will, you merely need to find the right motivation.'
For a moment the men looked at him as though they were afraid. 
Agonas grinned, as if for the first time recognizing Pelas as his own brother. There was such a calculating tone in his voice that they were convinced in that moment that he was capable of anything.
Figures and Angles
For the rest of that day Pelas led the rebels in groups through the surrounding bogs. As he happened upon certain places he would call the men to a halt, inspect the terrain carefully, and then, if it seemed fitting, he would leave some men behind to lay in wait. Each group was instructed to defend their hiding place in a certain manner, and to flee the moment their defenses were overrun.
When evening was nigh, Pelas and his brother, along with Cheru, Oblis, Ginat and twenty other men rode up to the bridge and slew ten of its guardians. When the whole company was alerted, they departed and vanished into the swamplands like a storm wind.
Just as they had expected, a much greater force appeared from the north and from the south, bearing the colors of Thedua, green and blue banners waving in the air. As soon as they had entered the wilds and bogs the rebels broke company, each taking a separate path into the swamp. 
Confident in their numbers alone, the Theduans pursued, thinking their enemies would lead them back to their encampment. But they found it impossible to stay together in those lands, as the paths through the swamps and stones were very narrow and difficult. 
Here, and again there, the rebels set the plan of Pelas into action. In each place the rebels had the advantage of terrain, and instructions from their new captain regarding the best use of their environment. Whether it was a simply matter of keeping to the southern face of a great rock, so the enemy could not swing their right arms without exposing themselves to attack, or taking up positions such that a small number of men could encircle a greater host and rain down arrows upon them, the rebels did as they were told, and made such a slaughter that it seemed the swamp itself was wounded and bleeding.
In the end the Theduans drew back, gathered their wounded and left the Swamps, bearing the tale of their defeat to their masters. 'Ere any retaliation can be made,' Bralohi said, 'we shall be far from these lands.'
'And into more perilous circumstances, no doubt,' Ruvis complained.
'Indeed,' Bralohi nodded. 'But can you not tell, friend, that there is something of destiny within these two young men?'
Fallen Fortress
If one were to follow the course of the River Esse into the Far North, he would find a great fortress built in the frozen pine forest of Esathann. In ancient times this fortress marked the southern border of a mortal kingdom, the name of which history has forgotten altogether. When the goblins came, and the land froze, the kingdom was abandoned. 
Lord Parganas had partially restored this fortress after his conquest of Bel Albor, thinking he might use it as a shield against the northern goblins. But the expense of maintaining the outpost was greater than he had expected. He judged that the harsh terrain itself was sufficient to discourage goblin invasions. In time the northern forest grew about and swallowed the fortress whole, so that from Alwan no sign of the fortress could be seen.
Among the mortals it had become a place of legend, and rash souls would travel there to see if they might perchance bring back some trinket as evidence of their foray into goblendom. By now, however, nearly all the treasure had been taken away by the goblins, who prize things that shine as much as their human neighbors.
It was to this fortress now that the rebels made their way, passing swiftly through the eastern marches of Alwan to the banks of the Esse River. From thence they traveled north in small companies, passing through those empty lands unnoticed and untroubled. At last they came to the edge of Esathann, where towering pine trees rose up into the air like the spears of an enormous guard.

They made camp at the edge of the forest, felling a dozen trees and building great bonfires for warmth. Winter was fast approaching - indeed, in the land bordering the Far North it had already arrived. By now the men had grown accustomed to meager rations and cold nights in cloth tents. The rickety wooden houses in their camp south of Gilwel now seemed to their memories like the warm walls of a log cabin. But they could not go back, for all the Upperlands were against them. 'Our father Lohi will sue for peace, claiming that he had nothing to do with us. He will pay his tribute, and live,' Bralohi thought to himself. 'But we cannot return.'
The next morning, the sons of Parganas led their captains into the forest to seek out the fortress. 'It is built along the river,' Agonas told them, 'So if we keep the water to our right, we will find it without trouble.'
This was very nearly incorrect. It was, as he said, built along the river, but it had become so overgrown and broken down that it took some time before the men discerned the stones of the fortress from the rocks and trees of the natural landscape. 'Goblins have been here,' Ruvis said, shaking his head as he examined the ground.
'Goblins?' Bralohi asked, 'How can you tell?'
'These stones have been chipped so as to sharpen the edges,' Ruvis explained. 'See here, there is blood on the edge.'
Pelas came and looked at the large stone. 'What is the purpose of such a thing?'
'It is a weapon,' Ruvis replied impatiently. 'They throw them at their enemies or at their prey. The sharpened edge pierces the flesh and breaks the bones. This blood is not that old, by the look of it.'
'But where is the body, if there has been a battle?' Pelas asked.
'Goblins do not leave bodies to rot in the open, whether they be bodies of beasts or of their own kin. To them there is living flesh and there is food, it matters not from what creature it comes. Especially,' he added with a shiver and a curse, 'in this barren devil's land.'
'Devil's land?' Agonas laughed. 'You mean the Old Dragon?'
'This is, they say, the land in which he deceived the Ancients,' Ruvis explained.
'Or enlightened them,' Pelas added, 'as some stories recount.'
Ruvis grunted. 'Think what you will about the Dragon. But this is an evil land; it lies dead and barren. Why do we come here, to the land where nothing can live?'
'You contradict yourself, Ruvis,' Pelas said sternly. 'You have already conceded that the goblins dwell in the Far North. How is it then, that you think the sons of Lord Parganas, and the sons of Lohi, and the mighty rebels of the Swamplands have not the strength you grant to the stupid brutes?'
'Call them not stupid,' Ruvis said scoldingly.
Pelas and his brother laughed.
'I alone among us have battled these creatures. In the old days, when Lord Parganas defended his kingdom from all enemies, it was I, along with many older elves, that fought them in this country.'
'Not in this country, old friend,' Bralohi said. 'You fought in the west. We should not judge this land on the account of circumstances four hundred leagues to the east. Remember, there was once a strong kingdom of human beings that dwelt here.'
'And a lot of good this land brought them!' Ruvis scowled.
'Father,' Falruvis interrupted.
Ruvis turned and looked at his son, whose face was red with anger. 'You have told me many tales concerning your deeds against the ape-men. If half of them are true, we shall have little to fear.'
Ruvis slapped him with the back of his hand; the others turned away, so as not to see the youth's embarrassment. Ruvis drew close to his son's face and hissed, 'Don't ever oppose me in council, son. Do you think I am somehow above the methods of my countrymen, who send their sons away on Doom Paths for lesser insults.'
'You have no authority to send him away,' Pelas said, stepping between them. 'He, along with your whole band, are now sworn to the service of the King's sons.'
'On a Doom Path there are no King's sons,' Ruvis hissed.
'No indeed. But hear me, Ruvis,' and Pelas seemed to grow almost divine as he spoke. 'When the light streaks across the sky, you know what is to follow; though you be no more than a swamp-soaked fool you know to expect the thunder.' His voice almost began to sound like the thunder as he spoke. 'Even so, I, who have been raised by a King and Queen, gods among the gods themselves, and slayers of the lords of Mount Vitiai - I can see farther than you. I am already a king. Nay, I am more.'
Ruvis looked at him with fear in his eyes, and said nothing more. 
Bralohi thought to himself, 'Is that fate itself I discern in this young man's voice?'

The reach of Lord Parganas had shortened in the many years that had passed since his first conquest. Though he had on many occasions proved himself willing to fight to maintain the borders his first bloody wars had established, there were still a great many places within Alwan where men could live entirely free from his influence. The utter East and the Far North, the Jagged Lands in the northwest, and the coast of the Great Lake in the south, were almost completely free of his policy. To these lands flocked the greater part of the mortal men, who wished to live out their lives undisturbed by their elvish masters. 
In the northeast marches of Alwan there were a great many such peoples. The Essenes, who lived along the coast of Esse herself, the Knariss, who dwelt in the south near the shores of the Great Lake Brost, and the Lupith, who had settlements scattered throughout the region. It is this latter people from which the Lapulians are said to have descended. So it is said among the elvish historians, at least. 
This is a lie, however, as the Magic Tower of Lapulia had already been erected and the walls of Old Lapulia already built. What kinship these Lupith bear to the Lapulians is not greater than that kinship which all men bear one to the other.
Freedom was something that existed to a greater extent the further one lived from Albori. Even as freedom enlarged, however, security diminished. The same sword that gathered the taxes cut down the goblins and kept law and peace. In these lands there was little government, and therefore even less peace.

The following day the camp was taken down and the rebels disappeared under the cover of the trees. They made their way north toward the fortress, clearing a road as they went. The rotted front gate was battered down and a new one was hastily constructed. 'We shall do better than this,' Pelas explained, as Ruvis looked at the makeshift door in horror. 'It will be better to have a temporary defense of limited strength than to put our trust in this battered old gate.' 
The whole forest seemed to come to life with the coming of the rebels. There were hammers pounding, axes chopping, and the constant hum of saws filling the air. The small, northern gate was in good repair; Pelas permitted it to remain, saying, 'We will make a better, but for now we have more pressing renovations to undertake.' 
Indeed, there was a portion of the western wall that had been all but battered down, perhaps during some ancient siege, now forgotten by all peoples. There were so many vines growing upon the wall that it would be easy even for a man to scale the whole structure. 'The goblins will pass over these walls with no difficulty whatsoever,' Ruvis warned. He was then given the task of overseeing their removal. 
Camp was made in a large courtyard that stood between the river and the fortress. 'Here, at least, we have only to fear attack from the north and from the south,' Pelas judged. 

The following morning the work began with the sunrise. All the axes, hammers and saws started up almost in unison, waking Pelas and his captains from their uneasy slumber. Every man was set to work, save for those who had kept watch during the night. When the sun was fully risen, Pelas and his brother entered the Fortress, along with Ruvis, his son Falruvis, Bralohi and Sol. Dalta was left in command of those who labored on the outside. 
'Tell me, Ruvis,'Pelas ordered, 'If you see any sign that goblins have been here.' 
'There is little in this place,' he replied, 'that does not speak of goblins.' 
Indeed, there were several small, manlike skeletons with gnaw-marks upon the bones as though they had been eaten where they lay. There were several broken swords and stone weapons lying about. There was filth everywhere. 
'It is clear that the last residents of this place were not men,' Ruvis said, sniffing the air. 'But the goblins that dwelt here have left many years ago. This room has been untouched for many generations.' 
They continued past the entry hall by torchlight, lighting torches on the wall where they were able. There were bodies of both men and goblins strewn about the fortress, but all of them had been reduced to bones and dust by time. The only sign of life came from a rather robust population of rats and other vermin, who screeched and fled at the approach of the elf warriors. 
'The place is foul,' Pelas said, 'but it will do for our purposes.' 
'Besides,' Agonas mused, 'We shall not be here long; a few centuries at the most.' 
The elves laughed, knowing how such words would sound to those mortal men who, as they spoke, labored outside in the forest for their sakes. 
'We will need to trade with the people of eastern Alwan; lumber will be our most plentiful resource no doubt. We must bring women here, so that the number of our servants might increase. In time we will have a nice little kingdom here, and, then we can see to the matter of Sunlan. If we are careful to conceal our numbers it is likely that they will think nothing of us until the day we march against them from the north.' 
The North Rises
In time the fortress was restored, trade was begun with the Knariss of Alwan, women were purchased from among the Lupith (the Essenes took no part in such transactions), and several battles with the goblins of the north were fought. By the time a generation had passed, it was known by all that a new power had come to the forest of Esathann. Even in Albori itself it was rumored that a rival king had arisen in the east. 
Lord Parganas wondered whether it might be his sons or not. However, Lady Aedanla was certain that it was her Pelas who now seemed to rise up to threaten the authority and supremacy of Lord Parganas. 
The Far North was a place Lord Parganas dared not enter, even to quell a potential threat to his own dominion. 'Many wars have been fought in those frozen lands, and never has anything good come of it,' he reasoned. 'Let them be, and we shall do well. But let them enter my borders  - then blood shall turn the Esse to crimson.' 

By now the leadership of Pelas was unquestioned, and even Ruvis seemed to have accepted him. Agonas' reputation diminished in the sight of the others, though his renown in battle was not in any way affected. Whatever the others thought or said, however, Pelas sought his council first in every matter, trusting him more than any other of his captains. 
The new kingdom, as it arose in a land inhabited almost entirely by mortal men, became known, at first, simply as the Kingdom of Elves. By the time two hundred years had passed the name had become Ilvas, and now few mortals remember the origin of the word.
The many adventures that the goblins of that land occasioned gave the brothers ample opportunity to demonstrate their wisdom and their might. And though they were equal in both, the ancient prejudices forbid that Agonas be honored for his wisdom or that Pelas be known for his might with the sword. To the people of Knariss, Lupith and Esse they together became known as the Mind and Arm of Ilvas.


Chapter VI:
The Steelsmith
Of Sunlan
'Coming from the Far North,' Bralohi began his report, 'the Talon Mountains stretch from the edge of the eastern Esathann forest some one-hundred and eighty leagues. In the middle of Sunlan it divides into three long ranges, which, when mapped, resemble the talons of a great bird. Three rivers flow from these three talons, the Westalon, the Midtalon and the Estalon. The Westalon carves its path westward from the Talon Mountains, curving after some sixty leagues or so and finding its way south - to the Great Lake. 
At its westernmost point is built the Palace of Sunlan. A great fortress lies to the west of the city, and a great many watch towers and battlements stand to the north and south. The palace itself, however, has no defenses; as though the builders thereof found its beauty to be such that it would be profane to sully its visage with stone.'
'Is it so beautiful?' Pelas asked, looking at his brother, who sat beside him on a stone chair in the main hall of Ilvas Fortress.
'It is more fair than Albori, my lord,' Bralohi said. He paused, and added, 'Of course, your father built his palace out of the stones of Vitiai, and there is a beauty in such signs of power.'
'Don't worry about my father's house, Bralohi. If Sunlan Palace is greater than Albori, then it is greater than Albori. I will not have you dilute the truth for the sake of my father's pride.'
'Of course, my lord,' Bralohi said. 
'What of the eastern lands,' Agonas asked, turning his attention to Kolohi, who stood beside his brother, waiting to deliver his own report.
'It is some seventy leagues from Sunlan to the Centan Bridge, which spans the Midtalon River, and yet another sixty leagues or so from thence to the Estalon. This land is called the Preylands, as it seems to be held fast in the talons of stone, which descend upon the land from the North. Another thirty leagues and one comes to the coast of Sunlan, and there lies the Great Waters, over which no eye can see. They have a large port there called Evnai, so named for their goddess.'
'Goddess?' Pelas asked with great surprise.
'The mortals of Sunlan are kin of the Essenes, who live along the shores of Esse. There are a great many of these men living also in the wastes that lie north of Westalon, between the Talon Mountains and the Esse. It is said that there was once a kingdom here; by the stories I judge that it was an elven kingdom. It was probably founded by a deserter from Azale's ranks. But the queen of that land, they say, was a goddess of terrible power. But she was spurned by her betrothed, who found love in the arms of a mortal woman. It is said that she departed from these lands upon a great ship, seeking the secret of beauty in the Far South - in a land called Kharku. She never returned, but her memory survives in the legends and tales of Sunlan. The elven lords, who rule over these sorry mortals, have taken full advantage of this story in their religious ceremonies and traditions.'
'You are a thorough scout, Kolohi,' Agonas said, seemingly growing tired of the whole affair.
'He fancies himself a scholar,' Bralohi laughed.
Kolohi's face turned red and he smiled. 'A scholar may perchance make the best sort of scout.'
'I do not doubt it,' Pelas nodded.
'What can you tell me of the politics of the land?' Pelas asked, ignoring his brother's disinterest.
'Sunlan is ruled by an elf called Ijjan. He and his wife are both silver-haired, like our dear Ruvis and Falruvis. Together they have some sixteen sons and fifteen daughters-'
'Sixteen!?' Agonas burst out, suddenly taking interest.
'For elves, of course, there is time for such a feat, but rarely the will,' Kolohi said. 'But it is not altogether unheard of, even in the land of Alwan.'
'But that is a lot of swords,' Agonas said. 'A lot of avengers, should we make an attempt at the throne.'
'Do not enter the city before you arrive at the gates, brother,' Pelas warned. 'We have just begun our spying and scouting, but you talk already of conquest?'
'That is our goal,' he replied. 'And if such a difficulty besets us at the end, we may as well mind it at the beginning, when we have time to mind it.'
'There is something else that concerns us, my lords,' Kolohi said, interrupting their argument. 'They have something they call 'Steel'.'
'Steel?' Pelas said, furrowing his brow. Agonas looked at Kolohi with great interest.
'It is a metal much stronger than our iron. We saw it fashioned into weapons by the smiths while we were in Sunlan.'
'Where do they acquire this substance?' Pelas asked.
'They say, from the Dwarves,' Bralohi answered.
'Dwarves?' Pelas snorted, 'You mean from the little ape-men, from the stories?'
'See the blades yourself, my lord, and you will call them no longer ape-men. They are brutes to be sure, from what I hear. But they have a cunning in metal and in fight that is unsurpassed. The king himself bears a blade forged by dwarves, they say. Unijan, his eldest son, also has such a blade, and a whole suit of armor made from the same dwarf-steel. He is the chief protector of Sunlan. Even the princess, Indra, has a crown of dwarf-steel-'
'Indra?' Agonas said, suddenly becoming interested again. 'Who is this Indra?'
'She is the youngest of their daughters, born only nineteen years ago,' Kolohi answered. 'But it is said that her beauty is such that her sisters, though goddesses all, look like swine beside her.'
'Is this true?' Agonas marveled.
'Who can tell, my lord?' Kolohi chuckled. 'It is not as though they show the Diamond of Sunlan to every traveler and brigand who crosses the Midtalon!'
Pelas looked at his brother, 'Agonas, we must consider these things further. Our first concern shall be this new material. We must learn more of this dwarf-steel; for our attacks are vain if they pierce not the enemy's armor, and our armor vain if it stops not the enemy's blade.'
Among the Essenes
Some believed that the Essenes had elvish blood in them, but if they did, it was not so much that their lives were extended overlong.
Their lore masters said that they had descended from an immortal named Adann and his consort, Evann. These two, for despising the father of the gods, were expelled from the Far North (which they believe is lush and full of life). 
Their ancestors made their way south, naked and ashamed, finally coming to live among the other peoples of Bel Albor. Their blood mingled and in time the Essenes were born. 
They had lived along the shores of the great river Esse for many ages. It is my own opinion that some descendant of Maelani, the last daughter of Adapann and Avann was their first parent, and the stories this ancestor recounted regarding the old king and queen of Mount Vitiai became the basis of the Essene Adann and Evann. But all of this is lost to history, and must be accepted only as conjecture.
The Essenes seemed to fit the land unlike any other people before them. They thrived regardless of what pestilence or violence spread through Alwan and its surrounding territories. They filled their cities along the Esse, spilling over into the east lands. Ultimately, however, the eastern Essenes were brought under the dominion of Ijjan, a rebel elf of the same kindred as Ruvis. Though the Essenes were great lovers of freedom, they bore their captivity stoutly, and served their masters faithfully. In the north, between the Talon Mountains and the Esse, there was still a great number of Essenes who, though nominally submitted to Sunlan, carried on with their lives as though they were altogether free men.
Pelas took this to be a sign that Sunlan was, perhaps, weaker than they had supposed, not being able to compel these people to serve their will. This, however, was far from the truth. Ijjan was good to them, or, at the very least, not cruel, and so they served him faithfully and without complaint.

Some two-hundred and eleven years after they restored the Fortress in Esathann, Pelas and his brother departed once again into the world in the guise of commoners. They were convinced that they must learn more about this land against which they were destined to fight, and they knew that the knowledge would be most useful to them if it came from their own experience.
On the eve of Spring they departed; a chilly, unwelcoming day for such a journey. The clouds threatened rain, and the wind still carried much of winter's bite. 'Our return shall be more pleasant,' Agonas said as they wrapped their cloaks around them.
They rode swiftly and easily upon the Ilvas Road, which their own servants had paved with quarried stones nearly a century ago. It showed more signs of age now than its elvish designers, who rode across it still in the flower of perpetual youth. There was a guard tower built at the southern edge of the forest where, much to Pelas' satisfaction, the two travelers were waylaid and questioned. 'Forgive me,' the mortal guards pleaded upon seeing the face of their king.
'Never you mind that,' Pelas said. 'If you had not stopped us I would have had you killed upon a pike.'
The man's face turned white.
Pelas laughed. 'But for your diligence you shall be honored.' He took from his purse a gold coin and handed it to the man, who was still thanking him and weeping when the King of Ilvas had passed from sight around a bend in the road.
'You waste our gold, brother,' Agonas said, shaking his head.
'Why? For blessing those who serve us for work well done?'
'He is a mortal; you might as well cast the money into a well.'
'So you say. But, for the present at least we cannot get by without the labor of mortals. Not every elf has, what, sixteen sons and almost as many daughters?'
Agonas laughed.

They traveled the rest of that day under an ominous sky, stopping to rest and restore their provisions in Noltus, a city of the Lupith. There they were met by Cheru, Oblis and Ginat, who were to accompany them on their journey. They passed the night in one of the nicer inns and crossed the Esse at first light. The rising sun seemed to carry the Spring on its rays, warming the air and chasing away the clouds.
'We chose a good day to enter Sunlan, brother,' Agonas said. 'It comes alive to greet us.'
'This is not Sunlan proper,' Pelas said. 'These are free lands.'
'Free lands who swear allegiance to Ijjan,' Agonas reminded him.
'Even as the Lupith and Knariss are sworn to our father.' Pelas snorted, 'These Essenes seem to be sworn to both Ijjan and Parganas, according to their geography.'
Agonas laughed. 'Soon they shall swear only to us.'
Pelas pulled hard upon his reigns, and let the others walk out of earshot before he spoke. 'Have you forgotten, brother?' There was something cruel in the emphasis he put on that last, filial word. 'Have you forgotten your oath?'
Agonas almost seemed to whimper. 'Of course not, Pelas. The throne is yours; I shan't take that away from you. I only mean to be at your side when you come into the sovereign power.'
Pelas seemed to remember his brother's long faithfulness. He sighed, 'Good; I should not want any other.'

The northern region of Sunlan was anything but a waste, as Kolohi had called it. 'Spring changes many things,' Agonas noted, looking at the gently hills of grass that stretched out before them, uninterrupted by any harshness or difficulty. The road came swiftly to an end; there was a small town of mortal peasants, apparently passing their days in anticipation of the warmer weather that would soon bring traders and merchants from Sunlan and Alwan alike. 'It is marvelous,' Agonas chuckled, 'How little the elves of Albori know of their own economy.'
'The hall and the eyes of Lord Parganas are very far from here,' Pelas said. 'And it is all the better for our purposes.'
'What do you mean?' Agonas asked.
'We have set out on a Doom Path, brother, you know that as well as I. It is so called because men are not meant to return therefrom. But what if one should return? What then? Shall Lord Parganas, slayer of the gods, bow down to us?'
Agonas' face looked somber and he said nothing. 'Have you no faith in him; your own father?'
'You know him better than I,' Pelas said, the resentment in his voice unhidden.
'He would not turn back on his word; not when he had given it to Aedanla, our mother.'

They journeyed eastward across endless dunes of green grass for nearly three days ere they saw any sign of human occupation. They found a broken down wooden fence and, following it, they came upon a small farmhouse. Calling upon the bewildered farmer's wife, they learned that there was a road some ways to the south, in a town called Tinot. Agonas looked darkly upon the old woman, seeing the lines in her face. He sniffed. 'Is that steel?' he asked, looking at some tools that hung from the wall.
'Goodness, no,' she said, trying not to laugh at the strangers. She had seemed quite afraid of them at first, apparently having been under the impression that these visitors were there to rob and plunder. After hearing them ask such questions, however, she seemed to relax, accepting their story about traveling from the foot of the Talon Mountains. 'Mountain men,' she thought to herself. 
She explained, 'They have stronger things in the south, where the army is kept. That is what my husband tells me at least. He has seen the palace, once before.'
'Is the palace as nice as the tales say?' Pelas asked her.
'Nicer. Or so my husband says.' She was clearly growing weary with their presence. It seemed as though she hoped her repeated mention of her husband would frighten them away. 'If he is half as old as she,' Agonas thought, 'we would have very little to fear.'
'The elves of Sunlan must keep themselves altogether out of the sight of these mortals,' Agonas said to his brother as they followed the woman's directions to Tinot and the southward road, 'if she can think the gods can be frightened by a farmer!'
The Forge
Tinot was so small that it could scarcely be considered a village. The travelers stopped here only to purchase some food and get further direction. Kolohi and Bralohi had given them a roughly drawn map and described the land sufficiently well for them to find their way without such directions, but it seemed to Pelas that the presence of five elf warriors would arouse less suspicion if they seemed to be earnest travelers. It was their intention to make their way to a place where steel could be seen, and then, from thence, to see the rest of the kingdom with their own eyes.
In Ghestus, some seventy leagues to the north of Sunlan Palace, they were informed of a smith who was as skilled in the forging of steel as any other elvish craftsman. 
Ten leagues to the south lay a town called Lubine, a quiet village built along the Lub, a stream which originates in central Sunlan and flows quietly southward to join the Westalon River fifteen leagues north of Sunlan Palace. They were now drawing very close to the armies of Sunlan, and the people of this region were more suspicious, and looked upon these steel-seeking travelers with doubtful eyes. 
There were also a more elves to be seen in this region. In the north, if one saw a rational creature at all, it was a mortal man without a doubt. As they went further and further south toward the Palace, there were increasingly more immortals. Most of these, as yet, were merchants or tradesmen of some sort or another, but there were also, in this region, lords and nobles, friends of Ijjan and servants of the royal house. Pelas and his company accordingly began to exercise greater caution.
In Lubine they sought an elf named Amro, who, they had heard, was unsurpassed among mortal and immortal alike in the ways of the forge. Amro's home was one of the finer houses they had seen thus far. It looked either new or well-kept, it was impossible to tell which, for the architecture was different from both that of Sunlan and of Alwan. The front portion of the house had thick logs standing as columns on each corner, upholding a slatted roof through which smoke billowed rapidly.
'Someone is at work, even as we approach,' Agonas said hopefully. He had taken a great interest in this new metal, and was more than a little excited to see and feel the material with his own hands. 
Pelas looked more doubtful; for in his mind the steel was not a curiosity but an obstacle. A portion of the Lub was diverted through stone channels to run directly beside the workshop. The water gently worked a great wheel, turning it over and over again without cease.
Beyond the workshop stood a tall, round building, almost resembling an overindulgent guard tower. The stones, however, were all of a sandy color and reflected the light of the rising sun as though they were polished gold. There were many enormous windows in this house, and several smaller structures extending from the north and southern sides. Whoever dwelt there, they reasoned, possessed considerable wealth for a mere smith.
The door was ajar, and they entered one at a time, slowly filing into what seemed like a tool shop. All manner of farming tools hung upon the wall. Horse-shoes, plows, shovels, pitchforks and just about anything else an agrarian folk might need were arranged neatly upon tables and shelves. 
There was a counter in the center of the room behind which sat a little boy - an elf-child, writing upon a scroll with a quill pen. He looked up at them with wide eyes as they approached. He blinked twice, turned on his stool and leapt from his place, running - half stumbling, out past a curtain and into the workshop. As he flung aside the woolen cloth a gust of hot wind flew from the room and struck their faces. 'Have you ever felt such a heat?' Pelas asked his brother, whom he knew to have more experience with such things than he.
'Never,' he said.  
Pelas motioned to Cheru and Oblis, indicating that it was his will that they remain in the shop. Pelas and Agonas, with Ginat towering in their train, entered the forge, each with eyes gaping at the spectacle that revealed itself. The waterwheel powered an enormous bellows that puffed slowly but steadily upon a large furnace. 
A man stood working before them, bare chested and covered in sweat and soot as he labored. He held an enormous pair of tongs in one hand and an equally large hammer in the other. After they had watched him work for some time in silence, the boy approached him, shielding his eyes from the heat of the forge. The child tapped him lightly upon the shoulder and then leaped back, almost as though he had expected a blow to follow. But the man's concentration would not be broken for anything. He pounded away at a glowing red lump of iron until it was flat and even. When he seemed satisfied with its shape he plunged it into a barrel of water, filling the room with steam. Then he gently dropped it into a pile of like objects.
At last he turned his attention to the boy. 'Ghastin,' he said. 'This better not be about that wanderer again. Let the mortals have what superstitions they must, we elves need not concern ourselves about such things.'
'It is not-' the boy began, but by then the smith had already noticed the strong, noble-born elves who stood in his shop. There were elves in this part of Sunlan, but few such as these. 
'Welcome,' he said with a very business-like smile. 'What brings you to my door, honored guests?'
'We see many strong works of iron here,' Agonas began. 'Brilliant work; all of it, from the least trinket to the most valuable tool. But we see also many curious things: A sword, such as I have not seen in the north, a spear that could pierce the strongest mail, and a host of daggers, strong as dragon-tooth.'
The smith grinned, but looked doubtfully at the men. 'Yes, the steel is as good for butchering the living as it is for butchering the beasts of the field.' He nodded toward a great ax that lay flat upon a table nearby.
'But is this steel as strong as we have heard,' Pelas asked, stepping closer.
'Stronger,' the man said. He led them over to the far wall and took a sword from its hook. 'Here, take it,' he handed the sword to Pelas. The sword seemed to sing as the son of Parganas held it in his hand. His ears could hear a ringing like unto the ringing of a bell. This metal seemed rather to ring the whole world, and not itself as other metals are wont to do. 'Test it out,' the smith said, 'and see if it be as strong as you have heard.'
'Brother?' Pelas asked, looking at Agonas. 
Agonas drew his own sword and the two prepared to spar. Ginat backed away; the smith grinned as though he knew precisely what would happen next. 
Agonas struck, Pelas parried, but the blade of the darker brother was cut in twain like a twig.
'By the gods!' Ginat bellowed, nearly falling into the forge in surprise. 
Agonas seemed positively spooked. Pelas alone was undisturbed, though a crazed smile painted itself across his face.
'Never have I seen such a thing!' he marveled. 'I must have this sword,' he said, looking at the unaffected edge with hungry admiration.
'I shall make you one then,' the smith said, 'and to your precise desires. You will not find a better man for the task, my lord. I am Amro, and, like my father, I have learned the trade from the dwarves themselves.'
'We shall have much business for you, master Amro,' Pelas said, smiling despite his own attempts to retain his composure. 'But I should like to purchase this very blade at once; I shall return to see about the others.'
'I am afraid that this blade does not belong to me,' Amro said suddenly. 'I have no right to sell it.'
'What do you mean by this?' Pelas thundered, sounding like a deprived child.
'This was my father's sword, which he left for Ghastin, his youngest son.'
'But surely your brother-'
Amro lifted his hand and waved the boy away. Ghastin fled at once, looking nervously over his shoulder at the sword in Pelas' hand. 'The blade was made by my father, with dwarven smiths in his employ. It cannot be replaced, but it can be copied. He meant for the boy to have this blade when he comes of age, even as he left me this ax.' He pointed at the table with hands that seemed to radiate strength and skill even to the very finger-tips. 
Pelas tilted his head to one side, like an owl examining some novelty. Malice flashed in his eyes.
Pelas and his brother had no idea how long they stood this way; from the other room there was a holler and a shout. Ghastin burst through the door and ran to his brother's side, screaming like a frightened girl.
'What is the meaning of this, Ghastin?' he asked.
'They are not friends,' he whispered to Amro in a measured whisper. He did not move, but there was a noticeable change in Amro's demeanor, as though every muscle passed from ease into readiness. 
A moment later Cheru and Oblis burst into the room with hatred in their eyes.
'He was spying on us!' Cheru roared. 'He was listening to us talk from under the table.'
'Under HIS table, my lords,' Amro reminded them, protectively pushing his brother behind him. 'You cannot fault a child for such a thing.'
Cheru looked at Pelas with dark malice in his eyes, and nodded to indicate that this was no small matter of rude manners. 
Ghastin also understood that this could not be brushed away with a scolding. Through tears he burst out, 'They want the steel to kill the King of Sunlan – to kill King Ijjan!'
Pelas looked at the blade of his weapon and sighed. 'Never in my life have I seen better craftsmanship. It would be a pity if we could not come to some… agreement over this trifle.'
Amro chuckled, time seemed to freeze. Finally he spoke, 'You know there is no agreement to be made. You will have your way, no doubt. My life and the life of my brother in exchange for my services. No doubt I must leave here this very day, and in chains too.'
Pelas looked truly regretful. 'You are as skilled in words and thought as you are in iron. Would that we might have met under-'
None of the elves, from that moment nor even in their recollection of the events, could explain just what happened next. In a flash, in a half of a blink, the sword was once again in the hand of Amro. Pelas stood for a moment, looking at his hand in confusion, too dazed to see Amro's heavy boot flying at his face. The kick connected, whirling the son of Parganas off his feet as though he had been swept up like a leaf in a gale. Ginat rushed to the defense of his master, seizing Amro by the wrist with his powerful arms. Amro turned and seemed to tuck himself into the giant's crushing grip, stepped forward and cast the mighty elf over his shoulder and into the forge. The sizzle of his burning flesh was cut off by a cry of agony. He pulled himself off the flames and thrust his burning left arm into the bucket of water. Cheru and Oblis pounced upon Amro with blades drawn, but Ghastin's sword cut through each of their weapons in turn.
Agonas looked into his own hand at his broken blade, looked into Amro's eyes and smiled, backing away. They understood one another without words: This man, Amro, was not such as they had thought - a tradesman, a businessman a worker. He was as skilled as the lot of them, and it would only be when the greater portion of them lay dead that he would himself be taken. Amro gripped Ghastin by the arm and fled from the forge through a back entrance, grabbing the axe as he left. 'What about Ele?' Ghastin wept as they passed from the door.
'SILENCE!' Amro hissed.
Pursuit
Pelas and his companions rushed through the door in great panic. They heard a splash and saw a small bridge collapse into the water beside the house. Beyond this they saw the shrinking forms of Amro and his brother vanishing over the horizon. 'Horses!' Pelas bellowed, returning to the workshop. 'We must make for the crossing!'
'I will track you,' Agonas said calmly, 'Go on ahead and capture him if you can. Do not kill him, brother.'
'I won't,' Pelas said, not noticing that he was taking orders from his brother. He rushed from the house and leaped upon his horse.
Cheru and Oblis grabbed swords from the shop, looked at them approvingly, and then followed their master in pursuit of the smith. Cheru knew in his heart that this was his blunder.
Oblis was too stupid to bear any blame, but he should have known better than to speak of their plans in such a place.
'It was the marvel of that sword,' Cheru thought to himself. 'Who could have kept their tongue in the sight of it?' Amro now physically represented his own error, and he hated him.
The nearest crossing was a five-minute gallop from the forge, and it was nearly ten minutes before the hunters came to the place where Amro had dropped the bridge. 'Doubtless he will find a horse for himself,' Pelas reasoned. 'Then he will head south, for there are no armies in this place. He must warn Sunlan, both for his own protection, and out of loyalty.'
Almost as soon as they discovered the first signs of their quarry, Pelas, Oblis and Cheru also discovered that the smith and his brother had departed from the road. And almost as soon as they had they turned to follow did they discover that horses would be of no use. The land was swampy and overgrown, thick weeds and thorny bushes grew so thick together that there was no hope of finding a path for their mounts. They tied them to a tree and left them behind. 
On foot they fared little better at first, having no idea where their quarry would go, and having soon lost sight of any trace of their flight. Furthermore, when some sign of disturbance appeared it seemed as though the tracks led in every direction at once. 'This man is a master of the wilds as well as of the forge,' Pelas said with awe.
Cheru just grumbled and cursed; Oblis did not understand any of it. 
They continued on well into the night, giving up at last and crumbling to the cold earth in heaps. They set no fire, ate no meals and set no watch. All seemed lost to them as they sat in the dark, lost and beaten. For Pelas it was a night of many nightmares and as many feverish awakenings. 
Cheru mumbled curses in his sleep, woke, cursed still more, drifted off again and cursed nonsense into the night air. Oblis slept like a stone, with his face blowing bubbles in the mud. 
The moment the sky turned a shade lighter they were up, searching for clues regarding their enemy's flight. They found that most of the signs pointed to the south, and they, with heavy hearts, raced off into the wilds, their feet kicking up mud, their breath streaming from their mouths like billowing smoke. 
It was not until midday that Pelas remembered how adept his brother was at such pursuits. Lady Aedanla abhorred the hunt, and found every occasion to have him excluded from such brutalities. Agonas, however, learned the skills of the wild from the Master Huntsman Vir, who among the hunters of Bel Albor had no rival. 'Why did I leave him behind?' he asked himself with great anger and confusion. 'Is this his betrayal? That which I knew must come? Will he allow me to fall that he might live on and take the throne his own way?' He felt sick at the thought, and a tear made its way to his eye, despite his attempts to feel nothing but anger and hatred. 
They followed footprints in the mud for the rest of the day, coming at last, exhausted and depressed, to the edge of a large forest. They would be fools to attempt it during the night; they made camp under a great oak tree and lit a fire, eating for the first time since the morning they had entered Lubine. They clumsily forced dry bread down their throats, washing it down with cold water from their waterskins. They ate only a few bites of their dried meat, not knowing when they would have occasion to restore their supplies. 'The horses!' Pelas lamented within himself, remembering how the greater portion of their rations were still tied to those stupid animals. 
The next day they entered the woods. There were no clouds in the sky and the sun shone bright and clear. They found their trail easily and sprinted off into the woods. About three hours later they came across a smoldering heap of ashes. 'Someone has camped here,' Pelas said with great excitement. They cannot have been gone long by the look of these logs.' 
They hurried on through the rest of  the day, finally coming to a halt before a great stone wall, which marked the beginning of a small mountain. Up they climbed, Oblis little faster than the stones themselves. 
Pelas cursed as he and Cheru ran on ahead, shouting back, 'return to Lubine; find Agonas, and see why he has not yet come to us.' This, he knew, was unfair - his brother could hardly have caught up to them, as they had made such haste. But his frustration combined with the need to give Oblis some command or another forced the words from his lips. 'With naught to do he would lose himself in the woods never to be found,' Pelas reasoned. 
Surrender
When night fell Amro risked another fire. Ghastin had fallen and had cut his leg badly. 'Would to the gods I could have fled away alone - or with an equal,' he lamented as he peered out into the darkness. Ghastin slept now; Amro knew he needed to sleep as well, but he could not risk it, not with those devils behind him. 
As he gazed into the darkness he saw three figures approach him. He blinked and they were gone. In an instant he saw them again, three distinct forms as clear as the fire that burned behind him. Suddenly they vanished away again. He rose to his feet and lifted his battle-ax, calling out, 'Who dares approach Amro in the dead of night?' 
Suddenly there came a voice from behind him. He turned and saw three strange forms standing over his brother. 
'All things are bound and connected, divided only by words,' a voice spoke out. The speaker was an old man, clothed in simple grey robes. He looked tired and ancient, ready for death - or for eternal rest at the very least. He was Old Man Sleep. 
Beside him stood two others, a man in a white robe with golden edges who looked like he was ready to break into a grin.
The other man was cloaked in black with a dagger ever ready in his pale white hand. 
He shook his head, and the men vanished again. He looked around frantically, trying to see where they had gone, but there was nothing but himself, the fire and his brother, sleeping undisturbed by anything. He looked closely at his brother to see that he was breathing. Among the Essenes it was said that such visions preceded the death of a child. But those were human legends, and an elf child needn't fear Death. 
Almost as though they had heard his thoughts, the three visions returned, this time Folly, the brother of Old Man Sleep and of Death, roared with mockery. 
'If you were not so arrogant,' he chuckled, 'You would never have thought such a thing. Glad, you ought to be, that my brother Death does not accept such challenges.' 
'Challenge?' Amro said, shaking his head - as he did so the men vanished once again. But as his head settled the figures returned. 
'You are right to call into question the word "Challenge",' Folly laughed. 'For who can challenge Death and live?' 
Amro looked down at his sleeping brother as if he was remembering something. His body began to shake and he covered his face with his hands.
'It is said that he who sees the three brothers is doomed to death,' he said.
'So also for those who do not,' Sleep said, quickly. 'For no man escapes us entirely.'
Amro snorted, 'But it is said - if I should speak more clearly - that he who sees Death will not live out the night.'
'Such things are said,' Sleep affirmed, 'and so it has ever been. But you, my child, are one of the few that have seen Death and lived through till morning.'
Amro cast his ax to the ground and drew his sword, pointing the blade at his own heart. 
Folly's eyes widened and his mouth gaped open as if he had never seen anything so entertaining.
Sleep sighed, but Death took no notice. 
'I have it in my power,' he said fiercely, 'to force your hand this night, oh black one.' He spoke directly to Death.
'You say you have it in your power,' Sleep said, 'So we shall see. What is power? When a man says, I have the power to do this or that thing - how can he say that he can do what is not done? How can he know? Yes, we shall see if you have the power.'
Amro stood there like a man made of iron, staring hatefully upon the three brothers.
Finally Folly spoke, his smile vanishing from his lips, saying, 'Do not do this rash thing. You are cast in the mold of your fathers, whom we have observed for many an age. From the beginning willfulness entered into your kind; nay, even from before your first father there was will in this world, born of illusion and bent upon self-destruction. It was, in the eyes of your ancestor, better to die than to be used. Better to come to naught than to have one's value in the eyes of another. Better to be the master of death, than life's battered anvil. The road of life is not easy; but the road of death is no better, however lightly one may tread thereon.'
Sleep nodded, impressed by his brother's rare sobriety. 'You consider yourself a free man, Amro,' he said, 'but if you would but give it some thought you would see that there are no free men. For who can see all ends, and therefore avoid all evils? Who can direct their own course aright, without knowledge of all things, present and future. A man labors his life away, and perishes along with his posterity in a flood. Or a man takes his ease, and lives to be old and to kiss grandchildren. Even we, who have seen all men from the first even to the last, even we cannot see all ends. You have the power, you say, and you must do as you will. But there is another way.'
'Time rolls like a wheel,' Sleep said, as if he fought for every breath by reason of exhaustion. 'You must become part of that wheel or be ground to powder beneath it. But either way, the wheel turns on and on. Change comes.'
'You are speaking of my death?' Amro asked.
Sleep nodded, 'We speak of your death. There is a choice that looks best, and then there is the best choice, which man may never know or see. We come here as counselors today: Your life will fall into the hands of strange men; submit to them, save your lives for a time, and serve them to the utmost of your ability. In the end you will understand everything.'
'You said that you spoke of my death,' Amro said, puzzled.
'Nothing can stop that,' Sleep said, 'but you will have the opportunity to make an end of yourself in glory or in shame. Do not be tempted by the former path. But this I promise you: For your brother's sake, your choice will be of greater weight than you can possibly imagine. You will be a slave to your enemies, he will suffer greatly too, but it will be, if you can find a way to believe, for the good.'
'For the good,' Amro grunted. 'What nonsense.' His chest heaved with anger. 'I never asked for any of this!'
'No?' Folly said, lifting one eyebrow, as though he were daring Amro to ask for proof that he had in fact asked for it. But Amro's mind was carried into the past, and he heard his brother's voice speaking to him. It had been several weeks now since Ghastin had come home speaking strange things - things he had heard from a sage traveling through Lubine. He had said, repeating the teacher, 'If any man says that he is good, then let him look to his enemy and say, he is good also. And if any man say he is greater than his father, then let him look to his father and say, he also is greater. Unless a man becomes his own father, he shall not know the Mountain of Life.'
The words still seemed a mystery, but suddenly he found that he could make no accusations against the heavens for his lot. He opened his mouth to speak, but could not make a sound in protest.
Breathing heavily, he cursed and swung his sword through the air wildly, cutting branches from the trees above him. Finally he fell to his knees and wept, staining his cheeks with tears until the sun rose. 'It is a hard lot that has fallen to us,' he wept. 'It is a hard fate that I have given myself.'


Chapter VII: 
The Princess and the Plan
Ele
The sun was already high in the sky when the maiden awoke, kicking aside her bedcovers and making her way lazily down the stairs. Her hair was reddish-brown, and her skin was as white as porcelain. She wore a long white nightgown and a pair of silk slippers. The silence of the house alarmed her; it was not like Amro to be idle, and she had not heard his forge for nearly a half hour. This did not trouble her as much as it puzzled her. In these lands there were not many terrible things that such a woman as she needed to fear.
Lubine and its surrounding area was well guarded, as the Sunlan palace was within a four days' ride. She assumed that Amro had gone to the market. 'What else would he be doing on such a morning?' she thought to herself. 'He is certainly not resting; nor can he be passing the time in idleness.'
Ele was the cousin of Amro, and she had been left in Lubine by her father, who had gone on to Sunlan Palace for a council with King Ijjan. Amro was her nearest relation, and the only one with whom her father felt she could be entrusted.
She came to the main hall of the house and looked out the southern windows toward the forge. There was no smoke rising now, and she was convinced Amro had gone to the market, probably taking his little brother along as well. She slumped down into a chair and pouted. Her primary disappointment was in the absence of Ghastin, who was charged with the cooking of breakfast in her cousin's house. And Ghastin was a very good cook for one so young. If any excellence should be granted the elves, it must be their dominance in the arts of cookery and in the creation of fine foods. An immortal life lends itself to infinite advancements, the elves were fond of saying.
There would be no breakfast for her this morning, for she could not possibly, she thought miserably, cook her own food. There were four taps on the door. 'Three,' she said to herself, 'is about as much as a polite man can get away with. 'Any more than three and the caller proves themselves to be too eager for an audience.' She sighed and made her way to the door, thinking it would be one of her cousin's servants, or some merchant with whom he had dealings. There was, on a typical day, a great deal of such traffic. But when she opened the door and found Agonas, the son of Parganas, staring at her with a drawn blade, she collapsed in a heap on the cold stone floor.

When at last she awoke she found herself blindfolded and, it seemed, riding upon a horse supported by the strong arms of her captor. Her hands were bound tightly together, though they were not uncomfortable, and she felt a soft rope tied about her throat. When her head began to bob in the first moments of her wakefulness, Agonas spoke, sternly but kindly.
'I will gag your mouth as well if you attempt to call out, or to speak out of turn. These matters are higher than you; and there are none to save you.' She knew he spoke the truth, and she remained silent for a great while, softly sobbing and quietly wetting her blindfold with her tears. The man was hard but not cruel, she thought - he likes this little better than she. 'Where are you taking me?' she asked after some time had passed.
Agonas hesitated, but finally spoke, 'I am taking you to Amro, your kinsman,' he answered, as if he expected her spirits to be lifted by the mention of her mighty relative. But she gave no reaction. They rode on in silence for the rest of the day, and well into the dark of the night.
'You could remove my blindfolds,' she suggested gently. 'I will give you no trouble.'
'No,' he said, 'if you ask me for lenience again I shall cut your throat.' It sounded to her as though he meant to do it, and her mind was thrown into fear.
It would not do, for Agonas' purposes, for his captive to be at ease. He had already acted foolishly, he believed, in binding her so gently, and speaking to her as though she were worthy of some greater honor. 'At least now she will be afraid,' he thought.
When night came he took her roughly from atop the horse and laid her against a rough tree, binding her feet together and securing the rope on her neck to one of the branches. The night was chill, and she shivered and shook as the wind howled through her nightgown. 'Are there stars tonight,' she seemed to plead, hoping to rekindle some semblance of the kindness she detected in her captor earlier. Agonas looked up at the wheeling host of the upper heavens, but he said nothing. She began to weep, quietly, almost as though she were doing so in deference to his request that she remain silent. 'Such a gentle creature,' Agonas said. 'But what can be done about it?'

For several more days they traveled in this manner. Each night he set her down on the cold, damp ground, sometimes with roots beneath her back or thorns at her feet. He grew rougher each day, it seemed, but she grew more and more peaceful and kindly toward him. By the end of the fourth day he could no longer bring himself to harm her. He set a fire, unbound her and fed her warm soup.
She did not speak, but her gentle eyes revealed her gratitude all the same.
Agonas cursed himself for his circumstances. 'For my brother's sake I injure this spring flower,' he whispered to himself. 'Yet her grace endures.' He shook his head. 'But what shall Pelas give to me? I have promised him the throne.'
Ele seemed to comprehend much more than Agonas intended; indeed, Agonas said nothing to her, but her keen eyes and kind heart pierced through his uneasiness and were a comfort to him. For all that she had endured, he could tell that she looked upon him with pity. This filled him with conflict all the more. By the time he overtook Amro and Ghastin he was very nearly mad with shame. He had intended to compel the smith, threatening to take the life of his terrified kinswoman if he did not, without treachery, agree to give them the secret of steel. When he rode up and dismounted he could scarcely look the man in the eye. 
Amro looked as though he were expecting Agonas to find him; he even seemed somewhat relieved when at last the dark-haired son of Parganas rode his horse into his small encampment.
Ghastin was afraid, and upon seeing the rider he prepared to run.
Amro held his arm fast.
Ele was no longer bound and her beauty did not seem in the least diminished by the journey. If one were to judge by appearances they would never know that Agonas had meant to anything more than transport the maiden to her relative in the wilderness. 
'I will go with you,' Amro said, when they had all taken places at the fire. 'I could kill any one of you,' he said confidently. Agonas felt a flush of resentment pass over him, but when he saw the sadness in Amro's eyes he felt calm again. 'But what good would it do? And who knows what the end would be? Nay, no one knows what fate their feet pursue; not even the oldest of the elves can discern the future. It is in vain that we strive, whatever our goal may be.'
It was not until the next evening that Pelas, Cheru and Oblis, who had rejoined the others after getting lost for most of a day, arrived, panting, filthy and in no condition to do any of the things they had planned to do to Amro and his brother. Pelas took Amro's sudden decision to assist them as a sign of his coming ascendance. 'My kingdom draws breath,' he whispered to his brother. 'I can feel it within my bones; there is nothing that can stop what soon must be.'
Sunlan
Pelas ordered Amro to be bound with chains and brought, along with Ele and Ghastin, back to Ilvas, and set to work procuring iron and producing steel. The three were sent back with Ginat, Oblis and Cheru, who treated the smith with the greatest of disdain. Pelas looked upon Ele with a grin and said, 'Cheru, see to it that Dalta is introduced to the girl. He has served us well, and he has had no woman since we left the swamplands.'
Agonas looked into her eyes, but turned away, not being able to bear her gaze. Hatred burned within his chest, but he made no complaint. 'I have wronged her too much for her ever to think kindly of me,' he thought to himself as their three servants rode away toward the north with the prisoners.
The sword that had been left for Ghastin, however, Pelas took as his own.
'We must continue on, and spy out the land,' Pelas said.
'And perhaps we shall have better success now that those fools have been sent home.' Agonas thought for a moment and then added, 'That, of course, presumes that they are capable of finding their way to the Esse and then on to Ilvas.'
'Esse is west, and Ilvas is north along its course,' Pelas marveled, not comprehending the sarcasm of his brother. 'Cheru shall have no trouble finding it.'
Agonas laughed coldly, 'Cheru, yes; and it is a good thing you have sent him along. Oblis would fall into the first ditch along the road, and Ginat would follow him out of curiosity.'
Pelas laughed insincerely; the brothers had very different opinions concerning the worth of their servants. In Pelas' eyes Bralohi had become very dear. Of all the other elves they commanded, Bralohi alone seemed to truly believe that Pelas could accomplish that which he had been sent out to do. Ruvis had, over the course of many years, slowly begun to accept Pelas' command, and even to serve him with sincerity, and not merely in deference to Bralohi's authority. Falruvis, on the other hand, had become almost a son to Pelas, and was now highly regarded throughout the small land of Ilvas. Sol also had become somewhat important; Pelas set him to rule over all the economic affairs in the kingdom, and to keep peace among the Essenes, the Lupith and the Knariss. Kolohi, though not as well esteemed as his brother, was regarded as a trustworthy servant. Aebral, the son of Bralohi, had become the captain of the guard in Ilvas, overseeing the fighting men, both of the elves and of the humans. There were many other elves of Gilwel who rose to prominence in the new kingdom, but it would be alien to my purposes to give a complete list of them here. The records of their names are recorded in Dadron as well as in the Magic Tower of Lapulia, to whence all knowledge finds its way.

From the encampment where Agonas had come upon Amro the brothers traveled south for a day, coming at last to a great stony hill. When they climbed to the top they were looking down upon the heart of West Sunlan. The clear Spring air gave them a view of many distant places. Due south they could see a great fortress, guarded on the north by a tributary of the Westalon. To the west they could see a great walled city and an enormous highway of stone stretching out into the distant south. A forest lay between the city and the fortress, the trees of which were taller than any they had seen in Alwan or even in the Far North. The forest continued on into the south, vanishing with the horizon. 
'If we follow this river we will come to the Westalon,' Agonas said, looking out to the west. 'Then we can see what manner of defenses their fortresses have with our own eyes.'
As Kolohi had indicated, Sunlan Palace had no defenses of its own. But the country surrounding it was so fortified with towers, forts, walls and castles that it made very little difference. 'The palace is unguarded indeed,' Pelas snorted.
'The country itself is a fortress,' Agonas said, shaking his head. 'This is madness. If we built our army for a thousand years we could not hope to defeat such a foe.'
'You speak nonsense, brother,' Pelas laughed. 'You have given no consideration to Fate.'
'Fate favors the prepared; and such we shall never be, if this be our task.'
The brothers were not troubled in any way as they made their way to the palace. 'They have naught to fear from armies; why should they take note of two travelers,' Agonas marveled to himself. The land grew flat as they approached Sunlan Palace. It was almost as though a great carpenter had smoothed the land itself with a plane, and scratched out any imperfections. The road to the palace was lined on each side by ancient oak trees, each of which was planted some thirty feet from their neighbors. Every detail of the landscape was exact and ordered. There were flowering fields to the north and south of the road, which gently wound its way west toward the city of Sunlan. The road, too, was well kept; there were no grooves or inequities on its surface. It was clear that the whole region was not merely planned, but also preserved with meticulous detail. 
The city itself was little different from the road thereto. Every brick seemed to be newly laid, and there were no cracks or blemishes in the stones. At the eastern gate there stood two tall sentries, clad in Steel armor with spears at their sides. They did not so much as glance at the brothers as they passed. 'They have no fear,' Pelas said, his voice sounding doubtful, if only for that moment.
'We shall teach them otherwise,' Agonas said, in an attempt to lift his spirits. But he too felt overwhelmed by their enemy's defenses. 'The forest itself is a greater defense than the walls of Parganas,' he said as the two made their way down the King's Road toward Sunlan. There were a great many people on the streets, most of whom were elves. 'Kolohi tells me that the eastern lands are even as the northern: filled with mortals. But here the endless lives of the elves are guarded from all foes.'
'Could the Essenes of the north be turned against Sunlan?' Pelas wondered aloud.
'I know not; they were poor, as are all mortals, but they were not miserable.'

The sun drew to its height, warming the Spring air so much that the brothers were forced to remove their cloaks. As it reached its summit the glittering gold upon the palace gates was illuminated, making the whole palace seem as though it were made of that precious metal. Pelas gazed at the palace with his hand over his brow. 'There are hundreds of sentries, armed for show to be sure, but armed none the less.'
Sure enough, when Agonas looked he saw their scarlet and white tunics, covered with glittering chain armor, each with a red gemstone set in their polished steel helmets. Their swords were overlaid with gold.
'Such wealth!' Agonas marveled. 'How is it possible that the mighty lord of Alwan lives in a palace of stone while these outcast elves have mansions of gold?'
'It is here because we are here,' Pelas said, suddenly remembering his mother's training. 'Our father gave us royal blood, but Sunlan shall give us a royal kingdom.'
'They shall give it to us?' Agonas chuckled, thinking also of his mother's lessons, though not fondly as his brother did (for indeed the lessons his mother gave him were quite different).
'Indeed,' when we march from Ilvas, Fate herself shall go before our host, and grind to powder all who oppose us.' 

At that moment, a trumpet blared and the gates of Sunlan Palace opened.
The Second Oath
'Clear the road for the Prince Unijan and the Princess Indra!' a voice called out. All over the city people seemed to be scattering. The mortal men and women lay themselves prostrate upon the ground. The elves bowed low, but retained their nobility as the Prince and his servants passed. 
Pelas and Agonas did as the elves, putting their right arms across their waists and bowing low, so that their heads were lower than their belts. When Unijan had passed, Agonas risked a glance at the princess as she was carried up the street seated upon a gilt wooden litter.
The sun shone brightly upon her face, and it was the most beautiful face he had ever seen. Her crown gleamed in her golden hair like a thousand stars. Her dress was white with gold threat embroidered in an ornate design. She wore a white veil that hid her shoulders from sight. Agonas felt as though she were too holy and too fair to even look upon. Indeed, no other soul was looking at her. Even Pelas remained with his eyes downcast. 'Strange fate,' Agonas thought to himself, 'that here, in the heart of the enemy's kingdom, Pelas should be more cunning than I.'
Suddenly a voice whispered to him from his side. It was an old mortal who was laying on the ground with his face hidden beneath his arms. From where he lay, however, he could see Agonas' face.
'The penalty for seeing the face of Indra Ijjanda is death, if you are an elf - torture and death if you are a mortal.'
He looked back upon the face of the Princess without thinking. Her eyes met his, but she showed no alarm or offense as she studied him She turned away, returning her attention to the road as she was carried off to the palace.

When at last she was gone, life returned to the city. People all around them were rising from the dust, groaning and brushing the dirt from their clothes. The older humans were clutching their backs or their legs as their weakened limbs required. There was a short bustle of conversation and then, as if it were waking from slumber, the sound of the city returned to the streets.
Agonas had a fire in his eyes and a passion in his soul that could not be contained. He clasped his brother by the arm and led him behind a shop, swung his brother's face before his and hissed, 'Swear it, brother!!'
'Swear what?' Pelas said, startled by his brother's actions.
'Swear to me, Pelas Parganascon, that when we come into our kingdom, the daughter of Ijjan will be mine. Swear it!'
Pelas laughed. 'Of course,' he said, as though it were a mere trifle to him. 'You shall have whomsoever you please.'
'I shall have Indra Ijjanda,' he said, as though the mere utterance made it all the more certain, or added strength to his brother's oath. 'Swear it to me.'
'You shall have Indra Ijjanda, I swear it,' Pelas said.

Once the oath had been taken, Agonas smiled and struck Pelas hard upon the shoulder. 'Look at this place, brother! It shall all belong to us, and Alwan too, when we have returned to our father in triumph.'
'You mean it shall be mine,' Pelas said, peering at his brother through narrow eyes.
'Of course,' Agonas laughed. 'That is what I meant, brother. I have not forgotten my oath.'
'Nor I,' Pelas said. Agonas shook his head and laughed, not willing to let the tension distract him from his excitement.

The brothers spent another month surveying the land before finally returning to Ilvas even as the weather began to grow warm. That summer, they took council with the people of Lohi in Lushlin, and procured for themselves arms and men of war. 'Our alliance with the lord of Lushlin,' Agonas said, when he and his brother were alone, 'would serve us just as well if we were to take Alwan by force.'
Pelas looked upon him with horror.
Agonas laughed. 'You think I am treacherous, brother?'
'I know not,' Pelas said, hiding his concerns.
'Remember this only, brother: We are not the first of his sons to be sent away on a Doom Path. And as we are the youngest, we are entitled to fewer honors than our predecessors.'
'You forget, brother,' Pelas said, 'that we are sons, not of Parganas alone, but of the Queen Aedanla also.'
'Indeed,' Agonas said, wincing at the sound of her name. He felt a deep envy rise within him. Circumstances would not permit either of them to bear a superfluous amount of affection toward their father, who had effectively sent them off to perish in battle. Yet Pelas retained his mother's love, and loved her also. Agonas had neither of these. 'If there is any hope of victory, brother, it is in that thought - that we are bearers of a godly bloodline.' 
He meant this in jest, but Pelas nodded soberly.
Amro in Ilvas
Cheru was greatly disappointed when it became clear that they would not need to torment and torture Amro to compel his obedience. From the day he surrendered to their authority he gave no sign of rebellion or resistance, but contributed all his efforts to their mission. In the city of Ilvas, which was now a large and cultured place, frequented by man and elf alike, he built for himself a forge such as he had when he labored for the king of Sunlan. With the help of Kolohi he organized the procurement of iron ore, both through trade and craft. His knowledge of Sunlan allowed him to acquire great stores of iron for Pelas and Agonas. The armory of Nhest, which was just thirty leagues north of Tinot, was pillaged and burned by the servants of Pelas. The crime was blamed on the Essenes of northern Sunlan, who soon repaid Ijjan with their blood.
Ele was given to Dalta to be his bride, and the pair married within a year of her arrival. Ele did not love him, but she submitted to everything for the sake of Amro, who she knew suffered greatly throughout their imprisonment. If she could convince him that she was happy with her lot and with her husband, then it would ease his sorrow. Thus she made every effort to appear affectionate toward her new master, though it consumed her from within to do so. 
After seven years she gave birth to a daughter, Dalele, whom history remembers by the name Dalia, the very same who was to become mother to Marin of Olgrost, who founded the nation that bears her name. When Dalia was grown she became enamored of a distant kinsman of Ruvis named Thuru, who would one day become her avenger. But the list of the elf lords and their marriages must await its proper place; it would be both tedious and unnecessary to recount all their names and histories here.
Ghastin was raised in Ilvas, and instructed according to the ways of Alwan. But he was a cunning child, and could tell at once what was history and what was myth. Even in his youth he could see more clearly what was an invention of Parganas than even Agonas, who prided himself on his lack of credulity. He was trained for combat, and his instructors spoke well of him, but he had no heart for fighting. He would often sneak away under the darkness of night to gaze at the moon or to study the stars. Pelas tried to encourage him to learn the names of the stars and how they interacted one with the other, but Ghastin just laughed, saying, 'They do no such things.' He grew strong in Ilvas, but he remained aloof from the court of Pelas, keeping to himself as much as he was able. 
He remembered how he had come to Ilvas, and how much it had cost his brother Amro, who was in every way his opposite as well as his better. Where Ghastin was quiet, Amro was bold but thoughtful. Where Ghastin struggled, Amro excelled. Where Ghastin feared, Amro laughed. 'Do you not miss our old forge in Lubine?' Ghastin asked on occasion, when his heart longed for the days of peace, ere the ambitions of Pelas had dragged them from their old lives.
'Of course, brother,' Amro said compassionately. 'But I could not bear it if anything happened to you and Ele. We must serve these for a time.'
But Ghastin knew that it was not for fear over him and Ele that Amro served Pelas. He did not know of the vision, but he knew that it was no power of man or elf that had driven his brother to surrender to these treacherous princes. He never inquired after a reason, however, as it would, he thought, injure his brother's pride. 'You bear so much on our behalf, brother,' he said softly. 'Our father would be proud.' Every mention of his father made Ghastin's heart swell within his chest, for every day he saw his father's sword hung upon the belt of Lord Pelas Parganascon.


Chapter VIII:
Choices Already Made
Danger
Nearly fifty years passed before the people of Ilvas were prepared for war. By this time, however, their existence had been fully uncovered both in Alwan and Sunlan. 'Parganas will march to war, if we do not act at once,' Agonas said with great urgency. 'We have become a rival within his own dominion, and he will not have it, be our intentions whatsoever you will.'
'The Lady Aedanla would not tolerate it!' Pelas objected.
'Our mother is a prisoner within her own house. She has not returned to Parganas, and Parganas has turned away from her, taking to wife another woman.'
'That our mother, who gave us being and motion, should be powerless I cannot believe so easily. But that your father-'
Agonas looked at him fiercely. 'That OUR father would betray her thus, I had foreseen long ago.'
Agonas rolled his eyes and shook his head; for Pelas had grown increasingly fond of speaking as though he anticipated every report that came to his ears. 'Yet it remains, brother, that the soldiers of Alwan are being trained as if to war. The goblins of the north are fat and content, having their fill from the excess of those who live nearest the forest - mortals, who do not have the protection of the elves.' (It was the universal practice of the elves in those days to consider the lives of mortals as very unimportant due to their brevity)
'You mean that he intends to march to Ilvas?' Pelas asked.
'I mean that is the only explanation for his preparations. He is at peace with Lushlin; and there are no other rebels in the land. Excepting, of course, the lords of Ilvas.'
'But we are no rebels,' Pelas said with great anger. 'I would never betray Parganas; it would be a dishonor and a disgrace.'
'Yet not one without reason,' Agonas muttered.
'How dare you? You know our father favored you, yet you would repay his affection with betrayal.'
'Tell me, Pelas, since we did not ask to be born, who is it that has wronged whom? Parganas, because he lusts after our mother, fills her belly to the brim with OUR suffering. And because he does not wish to pass into obscurity, he sends our elder brothers away to die even as he intends for us to die. For that alone we owe him nothing, for he is the murderer of our kinsmen.'
'What would you have me do, then, march against our father, to avenge men we have never met in living flesh?'
'I would have none of that,' Agonas replied, 'I merely wish to show you the peril of our circumstance. Parganas will come; perhaps not now, but he will come all the same. If not, Sunlan will come. If we are going to act, we must act soon, or Fate will act against us.'
Pelas closed his eyes for a minute and then said, quietly, 'It is as I thought it would be.'
Agonas put his hand over his mouth to conceal his cold grin. 'Then we shall soon march?'
'Indeed,' Pelas answered. 'It is time to march upon Sunlan, to fulfill our oaths and take that which Destiny herself vouchsafes for our arrival.'
The Preparations
The north of Sunlan, where the Essenes dwelt, would be easy for the army of Ilvas to conquer. But to march south upon Sunlan itself, facing its towers and its fortresses would be more than even King Parganas' army could handle. It was Agonas' belief, though he could not bring himself to inform his hopeful brother, that it was their father's plan to injure the defenses of Sunlan by means of his sons, but to break them and conquer by his own force when their attempt was brought to a bloody end. This would eliminate the threat of malcontent successors and an eastern rival in one mighty blow.
The army of Ilvas could march across the Talon Mountains, and march against the unfortified cities of the coast, coming to Sunlan Palace from the east; for the palace was guarded against the river and the north, but not against the coast, for they had no enemies in that direction. It was this latter strategy that Agonas endorsed in council. But Pelas was reluctant to agree with him. 'The army's strength would be spent in the mountains, and we would come to the coast as hungry beggars, not as conquering lords.'
'Yet, brother,' Agonas argued. 'It would be better to stumble over the Talons, then to break against the wall of Sunlan. You have seen it yourself, it can withstand us.'
'Then hadn't we wait until our army has grown stronger, and our numbers greater?' Ruvis said, seeming reluctant to go to war at all. 'Our numbers grow ever day, among the Knariss and Lupith we have many servants, and even our elves begin to bear children. Dalele is but the first fruits. Lohi has supported us in this, sending women as well as supplies from Lushlin.'
'We cannot hold off, Ruvis,' Kolohi said with frustration. 'Parganas grows weary of us; for we are not, properly speaking, his servants. We must go over the Talons,' he added, addressing Pelas. 'For Sunlan is not ignorant of us.'
'And who is to be blamed for that?' Ruvis said, glancing at Oblis and Cheru.
'It was not of their doing,' Agonas admitted, though he heartily agreed with Ruvis' sentiments on the matter. 'You cannot hide a kingdom forever, and we have been here for many years now.'
'And what do you say, Falruvis?' Pelas asked, addressing the son of Ruvis.
'I should agree with my father,' he answered, 'were it not for King Parganas, whose might is certainly greater than our own. We cannot depart from the path we are on, whether the road ahead be easy or not. I have faith in my lords, however, and I trust that Fate will guide us in council.'
'A diplomatic answer,' Agonas laughed. 'We should send Falruvis to Sunlan as an emissary; he seems to have a talent for pleasing all men at once.'
The council chamber of Ilvas was built just south of the King's hall, where Pelas and Agonas ruled from two thrones. The ceiling in the chamber was high, and built with bright white stones that reflected the lamplight back onto a great oak table in the center of the room. Around this table were crowded the lords of Ilvas: Pelas, Agonas, Bralohi, Kolohi, Sol, Ruvis, his son Falruvis, Aebral, the eldest son of Bralohi with two of his brothers, Edbral and Cadbral. Dalta with his raven hair also sat pondering their schemes, with Ginat, Oblis and Cheru sitting at his right side.
Pelas looked uneasy, though his voice sounded as confident as ever it had.
'If we put it to a vote,' he said, 'I would undoubtedly find myself in the minority. But I am not one of you - for you have sworn your allegiance to me, and to my cause. And I have proved myself to you, that I am a faithful lord and a prudent king. In a tally of opinion, then, how can it be said that the opinions of servants are weightier than the council of a king? We shall not cross the Talon, for we know not what shall come of such an endeavor. The road to Sunlan is hard indeed; but our path has always been hard. The roads have been perilous, the rewards few, the glory has tarried beyond the edge of dawn. We know that the Essenes will not trouble our armies, and we know the road to Sunlan is paved and smooth. Let us therefore trust to our skill and strength, facing Ijjan openly and without guile - Fate shall be the arbiter.'
The room fell silent, none daring to argue with him.
Daryas
The Woodland Road was the name given to the highway that connected the lands of the Essenes and the Knariss with the Kingdom of Ilvas. Ere the road passed under the thick cover of the ancient trees of the North there was a guard tower and a great force of mortal guards. These men were paid well, and trained by the elves to act as the first line of defense should any danger approach Ilvas. Hugron was the nightwatchman in those days, and among his fellows there was no man with keener eyes. But he did not see the traveler, cloaked in a robe of brown with a rope tied about his waist. 
When this strange visitor knocked upon the iron gates, Hugron lost his temper, 'Who dares sneak into the Kingdom of Lord Pelas and his brother, the lord Agonas? Speak quickly, or you shall come to a bad end.' 
'Calm yourself, Hugron,' the traveler said. 'There are many things in this world that are unseeable; you cannot be blamed for missing one little thing.'
'Declare yourself!' Hugron demanded. 'For the penalty for trespassing in Ilvas is death.'
'It is a good thing, then, that I am not trespassing,' the man said with a smile. 'To trespass, I must needs be upon land over which I have no authority.'
'This is the land of Lord Pelas,' Hugron insisted. 'It is he that decides what is and is not trespassing.'
'Indeed,' the man laughed, even as one who laughs at the ignorance of a small child. 'Can one have authority over the land itself?'
'What nonsense is this? How dare you,' Hugron raged. The man just shook his head.
'I think you mean to say, master Hugron, that Lord Pelas rules over the elves, and over the Knariss and Essenes. The land itself!' he laughed again, 'how could a man have authority over the land? As if he might compel it to obey him.' Suddenly he looked at Hugron with a fierce grin and said, 'But he has no authority over me.'
Hugron drew his sword. His companions followed his example and prepared to make an end of the strange visitor. But ere they could lay hands upon him a gust of wind blew, sweeping the man away from their grasp and carrying him away to the north. Hugron tore at his beard and cursed. He shook his head and looked around at his fellows in great confusion. He could not remember a word that had just been spoken to him, and neither could the others.

A similar scene unfolded at the front gate of Ilvas not some three minutes later. The wind had borne the traveler through the woods to the very gates of the fortress of Ilvas, where an immortal guard stood watching the road with unblinking eyes. But he did not see the traveler's approach.
'Hail, Feduin,' the robed man said, addressing the guard by name.
The elf blinked hard and rubbed his eyes, at first believing the traveler to be a phantom or an illusion. 'Who calls upon Ilvas at this late hour, and how have you passed our checkpoint. Friends enter at the gate, but robbers come through the wilderness.'
'I cannot rob what you do not possess,' the traveler answered.
'What is the meaning of this? Speak quickly, for I have already shown you too much mercy.'
'And I you,' the traveler said. 'Now,' he began, speaking with terrible authority, 'bring me before the lords of Ilvas.'
The appropriate response would have been to say, 'The lords do not accept such petitions,' or, perhaps, to have slain the visitor then and there for the disdain he had shown for the powers of Ilvas. But Feduin could not resist the command, and turned at once to lead the traveler to the council chambers, where the lords of the elves conspired. His heart dropped, for he knew that the penalty for what he must do would be nothing less than death.
'Do not worry, master elf,' the traveler said. 'If your masters hear my words, then they will not dare lift a finger against you. And if they do not, then you have done nothing wrong, for you have, if they receive nothing from me, done nothing at all.'

The guards at the entrance to the fortress were asleep, much to the horror of the watchman, who thought that they perhaps could waylay the traveler ere he came to Lord Pelas. So soundly did they sleep that they did not even flinch when the large wooden doors creaked upon their iron hinges, swinging out into the dark night air.
The entry hall was lit by a single stone altar, which sent its smoke rising through an aperture in the ceiling. When the traveler entered the altar flared up, and illuminated the room as if it were the very light of day. 'Which way?' asked the traveler.
Feduin pointed at a dark staircase in the northeast corner of the hall. The traveler left him in the entryway, his enchantment slowly wearing off as his brown robes vanished down into the darkness below. He lit no torches and made no sounds, passing three more guards without notice. At last, he came to a great oak door, guarded by two armored elves. The traveler smiled, and passed through the elves and the door alike, appearing in the council chamber like the sun as it reveals itself from beyond the clouds of heaven.
Some within the chamber made as if they might confront the stranger, but ere aught could be done they were altogether rendered senseless.
'Oh fateful gathering!' the stranger exclaimed with great sadness in his voice, 'You should not think, as men are won't to, that there is anything within you that resembles the power you believe yourselves to possess. There is a master builder, but he has use for stones, and not for living souls or fiery spirits. Be therefore, as stones, being and not doing. For in being alone you have that which all men pine after. In doing you can do naught but fail, for power belongs to One only.'
'How dare you!' Pelas cried out, striving against the strange power that had come over the room. 'Who comes to us as if he were our lord; when we alone are lords?'
'I am Daryas, a servant,' the traveler answered. 'There is one power, master elf, and it, being single, cannot be opposed. All your striving, therefore, is folly, and not striving.'
In Pelas' ears he heard once again the voice of his mother, assuring him that, 'you and all are one.'
'Do not be fooled, master Pelas,' Daryas said, 'in thinking that I speak of any power that belongs to you. For when the Power of which I speak acts, you must be still; and when it speaks, you must be silent.'
When that last word was spoken, Pelas closed his mouth and could say nothing more. Agonas stared in awe, with a great fury burning beneath his brow. Each elf heard the words of the stranger, but none of them were content with what they were hearing. 
'I spoke of a builder,' Daryas continued. 'You are stones, though you think you are men. And you shall be built into a mighty tower. Be, even as you have been made, and the master will slide you into your place with great ease. But if you must be powerful yourselves, striving against him, then he must, as he must with all uneven stones, first cut away the inequities. In this way only shall you be rendered useful.'
Agonas, fighting against the strange power that had overtaken the room, finally mastered himself enough to utter a complaint. 'You speak uneven words, devil.'
'What words? What I speak, I speak - but what you hear, you hear. It is your ears that hear uneven. And it is you, oh Agonistes, who shall ever be known as a devil. Twice more you shall see me, dark son of Parganas, and each time your power shall be diminished.'
'Lord Pelas,' Daryas continued, turning his attention to the high elf. 'No man who has ever lived has been able to convince themselves more fully that they are, despite all sense, gods, than you have. Every moment of your life, therefore, shall be an evidence and a testimony against your pretenses, but you are forbidden to understand it. Knowledge is a gift; and you have proven yourself unworthy of it. Believe, therefore, that you are wise - it is as close to Wisdom as you shall ever come.'
Bralohi began to struggle, being filled with rage at the dishonor his master had been shown. But Daryas stopped him. 'Bralohi, son of Lohi, there is something of honor within you, but so deep is it hidden that it shall take all the ages of the world to be brought to light. You will drink your fill of sorrow and folly ere the end, but we shall not forever be foes.'
'Foes?' Ruvis spoke in great anger. 'What have we ever done to make ourselves foes?'
'Everything you have ever striven for, Ruvis, has been born of your own lusts. In this you have cut yourself off from the Power that reigns in Bel Albor. You shall not see the rise of the elves.'
Dalta, and some of the other elves began to fight also, being addressed in turn by the stranger with words of warning and of prophecy. 'Dalta, kinslayer,' Daryas said, with tears in his eyes. 'If you had learned that every man is your brother, you would have been prevented from shedding your own blood. But you are a warrior, and in war you shall have great sorrow. Howbeit, heaven shall spare you the knowledge that would be most terrible for you.'
'Falruvis,' and here Daryas shook his head, 'You shall be mighty upon the earth, but you have learned the lessons of Pelas too well, and his folly shall be your undoing.'
'Sol, most clever of elves, your wisdom will save your kin for a time, but your folly will damn them.'
When he had, in this manner, given dooms and promises to each elf, he walked to the head of the table and addressed them all. 'It would be for show, only, if I offered you hope - and a chance to change the path upon which you sojourn. Turn, now, and fly from the evil that shall befall you, and which you shall bring upon the earth. I speak not of that which must come to pass - for it must come to pass. I speak of your own souls, and their fierce rebellion. But alas, I have come, not because your will might be turned, but because your will has already been fixed from the beginning. You shall bring low the elements of the earth, of the sea and of the land. The power of the air belongs to the Guarantor. But in the end, as you have set your wills in opposition to the Power, your names will be words of dread while you live, and words of shame until the world is remade.'
'Have we no choice in this matter, master spirit?' Kolohi said, with a soul torn between disdain and humility.
'Indeed, all men have choice in all things. But not when they appear. Ere I came to you, your souls were already fixed in the matter. Will you serve the power in humility of heart? Or will you serve by compulsion? Either way, the Power shall be served. The paths appear before you in this moment, but you, who are the decider, are already what you are and shall be. The choice only reveals your will, but is not the acting of your will.'
Kolohi fell silent and hung his head low, deeply troubled in spirit.
When he had finished speaking he vanished from the room, leaving them all in doubt and confusion. So abrupt was his departure, and so sudden the return to the waking world, that the elves were at a loss as to whether or not it had, in truth, occurred. 
Only Kolohi and Bralohi spoke of the matter, and even then only in secret after the council had dispersed. 'What was the meaning of it, brother?' Bralohi asked.
'I do not know,' Kolohi said quietly. 'It was a dream.'
'Nay, it was like a dream,' Bralohi argued, 'But men dream within themselves; this was dreamed without.'
'Still, I know not what to make of it.'
'What are the elements of the land and sea? What is the meaning of it? And why have we been told that we shall bring them low?'
'Who can tell, brother?' Kolohi said, not wishing to speak any more of the matter. Both of them, however, noticed that from that day forth Lord Pelas had an almost divine confidence. 'Could it have been the voice of fate itself?' Kolohi asked within himself.
The Feast
On the night before the elves were to set out for war, they held a great feast. Every man, both servant and master, was bidden to the table in the grand hall of Ilvas. 'We will have no need for servants henceforth!' Pelas declared. 'For in Sunlan, every man who fights for me will become a lord and a master. Let the cooks, therefore, eat of their own bread and drink of their own wine - for we shall leave the dishes behind for the rats and goblins to lick clean. Tomorrow, we ascend to the throne of Ijjan!'
There was a great burst of cheering and clapping as the elves made merry. The mortals they commanded, however, were not as joyful, for they knew that whether they fought or not, they would yet be as dry leaves in the eyes of their immortal masters. 
Wine flowed freely, and every art that the elves had mastered was put on display. There was music and song, poetry and storytelling such as has never been seen in Tel Arie - for it passed away with the Northern World.
Ruvis alone seemed unaffected by the clamor. In his sweaty fingers he held what looked to be a small pebble. What he was about to do, he had longed to do for many ages. Those same ages had tempered his fury, however, and he found his task difficult to do. In the end, however, he dropped the pebble into the wine that had been poured for Agonas. 
Within a minute of imbibing the liquid, Agonas stepped away from his seat, feeling ill and feverish. He rushed from the room, not willing that any should see him in his moment of frailty. The torchlight in the hall seemed to flicker and dim, but it was, in truth, his own eyes that failed him. He could not tell whether he looked at the floor or the ceiling, and, without even realizing it, he found himself on the ground, gazing up at the stone ceiling. The music and merriment faded away into nothingness, and he passed into a peaceful sleep.

He could not tell how long he had slept. Dream after dream flitted through his mind; sometimes of things past, sometimes of things yet to come - or of things not to come in any age. He heard a distant voice say to him, 'Sleep, brother. When I see you again, we shall be lords over Bel Albor.' A hurt such as he had never felt came over him. For he knew, even in his nightmares, that his brother, after all the many years of their camaraderie, bore him such distrust. After what seemed like a lifetime of dreams had passed through his mind, a vision of the Princess Indra appeared to him. He saw her standing in the sun, holding out her arms to him. He took her hand into his own and pulled her close to his heart. He wrapped his dark arms around her waist and her shoulders, and kissed her deeply. Even as they embraced, though, he heard a sound enter into his ears, breaking him from the prison of sleep.
He opened his eyes, and the Princess vanished away with his dreams. 'Indra!' he cried out. He looked around his bed. There was a foul stench in the air, and his clothing was filthy - he had been lying there for several days.
He tore off his clothing and threw a cloak about himself. Rushing to the door, he shouted, 'Pelas! What have you done!?' He pulled at the brass handle upon the door, but it would not move. The oak door had been replaced by a door of iron bars. 
He returned to his bed and looked at the window. There were iron bars fastened to the stone opening, preventing anyone from entering or leaving thereby. 'You fool!' he cried out. 'How shall you defeat Unijan and his brothers alone?'
There was no answer, and he could do naught else but pound upon the door and curse his brother's name. Night came, and nothing changed. He laid himself down at the door and fell into an uneasy sleep.
Ruvis
The following morning Agonas awoke to the sound of hinges creaking. He rolled over just in time to see a hand removing itself from the room. The door shut quickly, leaving behind a bowl of fruit, a pitcher of water and a loaf of bread. It was not bad fare; and Agonas ate it gratefully, for his stomach felt as though it were about to cave in upon itself. When he had finished his breakfast he attempted the door once again. It was locked fast, and the hinges were of steel. 'Amro,' he grumbled, knowing that the mighty smith's work would not be merciful to him.
The following day he woke before the sun arose and waited by the door. This time, as his meal was delivered, he grabbed the hand as it left behind the pitcher.
'Agh!' the man shouted in fear.
Agonas pulled hard upon the man's arm, twisting it as he struggled for a better hold.
'Ruvis?' he asked as he brought himself to face his jailor. Sure enough, there stood Ruvis with his arm twisted and caught between iron bars.
'Bars upon the door of your master?' Agonas said with a sneer. 'But nay, you are not my servant - you serve Pelas.'
'Lord Pelas only wished to spare you the danger of battle,' Ruvis pleaded. Agonas nearly lost his grip for the fit of laughter that overtook him. But though Ruvis' own strength was great, he was as a child before the might of Agonas.
'What do you mean to do to me?' Ruvis bellowed. 'You cannot escape; I am not so foolish as to have brought the keys with me.'
'That is clever of you, Ruvis,' Agonas said with malice behind his teeth. 'But I do not wish to escape.' 
Ruvis was silent for a moment, awaiting the moment that Agonas would see sense and release him. 'If I perish, he perishes,' Ruvis said to himself, 'for who then shall bring him food and water each day.'
Indeed, the entire fortress had been abandoned. The brothers knew that the moment they departed, the servants of their father would descend upon Ilvas, and take possession of it. Thus they had decided that, whatever the outcome, they would pass into Sunlan for good - either to die or to win the day. But it would be impossible to return to Ilvas. Therefore they brought with their army every possession they could possibly transport, and they summoned to their ranks every ally that they had made in their centuries of rule. 'Fate herself marches this day - let us lead her,' Pelas had said to his captains. 'You, however,' he had said to Ruvis, 'are to remain for a time, and to release my brother when the hour comes.'
'Surely my lord does not wish to starve to death in this place?' Ruvis said, struggling with every word.
'Starve?' Agonas laughed. 'Why should I worry about starving? I have food here with me.' He pointed at the pitcher of water and the bowl of fruit.
'But then what shall you eat?' Ruvis said, beginning for the first time to truly fear for his life.
'If I were truly desperate,' he hissed, spitting in the sweat covered face of his captor, 'I am sure I could find SOMETHING.'
Ruvis' heart sank. Agonas struggled for a moment and unwrapped his cloak from his body. He threw it around Ruvis' neck and began to bind the elf to the bars.
'What is the meaning of this? You are a madman!'
'Indeed,' Agonas affirmed. 'But at least I am not a liar. There is nothing worse than a liar.' He paused for a few seconds and then queried, 'You are not a liar, master Ruvis?' Ruvis held his tongue. 'Silent. I see. You are most honest when you do not speak at all. But I would not want you to become a liar, so I will show you this mercy.' When the cloak was securely bound, Agonas left the door with Ruvis still bound to it, and sought out more cloth in the room. He found some curtains and a clean white sheet. Ruvis had nearly freed himself from the cloak by the time he returned to the door, but with the new linens Agonas was able to bind him fast, so that he could do little more than wiggle his fingers and roll his eyes.
'I say I shall show you this mercy,' Agonas continued, 'in that I shall not let you become a liar. You have heard the old stories, of course, about how our ancestors were deceived by the dragons and how that brought death into the world. I would not want you do share in that evil, my dear friend. In that you have called me mad, I shall be mad, lest you be shown to have a lie upon your tongue.'
Agonas prowled around the room, searching for something. He took hold of a chair and brought it over to the door. 'Madmen, they say, think not of the future, but live by the moment, not understanding the consequences of what they do. Starve, you say? Perhaps, but I do not feel hungry. So let me forget sanity and concern myself only with the present, and my present desires.'
'Please!' Ruvis shouted.
Agonas laughed and slammed the chair against the iron bars with all his strength. The chair shattered into a dozen pieces, crashing from the stone walls to the floor with a terrible sound. Ruvis screeched in agony as the impact shook his entire body. His head flew away from the bars and then slammed back into the iron by reason of his bonds. Three more chairs followed, until Agonas could no longer approach the bars. He took a moment to sweep aside the debris.
'Please, master,' Ruvis said. 'Let me go, and I shall get the keys for you, I swear it by all the gods, I swear it by the unnameable and highest. Release me, I beg of you.'
'Now you wish me to believe you are the madman,' Agonas chuckled. For you must be mad if you think that I shall be so easily taken in. You know as well as I that, if I release you, you shall not return to me again.'
'Please,' panted Ruvis. 'You are not mad!' Another jolt struck him, as Agonas kicked against the bars.
'Now you contradict yourself, saying that I am not mad. Thus I can be sure that you are the madman, and that the words you speak are meaningless. So, no, I must contradict you, for I never trust madmen - I am, myself, quite mad.'
Another series of attacks came, until blood began to appear on the rags by which Ruvis was held. He could scarcely lift his head, and struggled for every breath.
'I suppose,' Agonas said, taking a break from his violence, 'that… I am not I.' He laughed. 'For you said I was mad, but then I had not yet broken apart all these chairs. But I have. Thus, if I did not, yet I did, then I am not I.' He wanted to laugh at his own words, but they struck him as truth. Fearing he truly was going mad, he simply shrugged and resumed his assault upon the door.
Ruvis died long before he broke the iron that bound the door to the wall. Agonas himself was battered with wounds ere the end. But the bars gave and the door fell open, crashing down upon the limp corpse of the silver haired elf.
Into Sunlan
His battle with the iron bars seemed to have emptied him of his fury. He walked calmly through the empty halls until he reached his own chambers. He clothed himself and bound his sword upon his waist. His belongings had not been plundered. By this he could tell that Pelas truly meant to release him, presumably after he had sat upon the throne of Ijjan and claimed his father's kingdom.
'Fool brother,' he said to himself. 'If Parganas truly steps down from his seat to make way for us, I will perish in amazement.'
The many years that they had spent in this land came before his eyes, and he remembered their oaths. He remembered how lost Pelas was on that morning so many years before, when they had been sent from their father's presence to bring his dominion over Sunlan. He sighed, and made his way into the council chamber. He lit a torch and searched around the room. It looked as though a wind had swept through the whole palace, carrying away its people but leaving their mugs and their plates, their papers and their quills where they lay.
He found a map, resting upon the table near the seat of Pelas. Looking upon it he saw marks of ink, showing the road as it wound eastward through North Sunlan and then south toward Sunlan Palace. His heart sank. 'Foolish,' he said, knowing that his brother had ignored his council and chosen to march against Sunlan from the north. 'In this way you shall weaken them indeed. And then Parganas himself will triumph. You will be a hero, brother, but you shall not be king.' He looked closer at the map and then ran his fingers over the ink. It was dry, but he saw the inkwell sitting near at hand. The ink had not dried up, though several days has passed. 'There is yet time,' he said, rushing from the room and out of the fortress. 
There were no animals left behind in the stable, so he took to the road on foot, running for nearly seven leagues before exhaustion finally overtook him. He fell to the ground and slept upon the open road in the place where he landed.
Before the sun rose he was on his feet again, rushing through the woods toward the land of the Essenes. After two hours he came to a place where he knew there to be a farm. He made no demonstration of his authority; he simply marched into the fields and took one of the farmer's horses. He rode the animal bareback for three hours until he reached a village. It was a small village, and he knew not the name thereof - history has forgotten it as well. But there he found a better horse and purchased some supplies. He was in such haste that he did not reveal himself to the shopkeeper, but simply tossed a small bag of gold atop the counter. He rushed out before he could even hear the shopkeeper's gratitude - for he had paid thrice the worth of that which he took.
He rode this horse into the south until its legs gave out and it tumbled to the ground, just two miles north of a village of the Lupith.
It was night, so he made a small fire and ate a hasty meal. He stretched himself out beneath the stars and stared up at their unchanging forms. 'In all the ages of the world, you have not altered,' he said, repeating what he had been taught as a child. 'It would be futile to beg aid of you, then, you who never alter. For what you have decided you have decided already in ages past.' He rolled onto his side and looked at the earth. 'Be you as capricious as you will, oh dirt and filth; you at least alter even as they who trample you beneath their feet. Better to pray to the mud, then,' he said with a sneer. 'For if the gods above help us not, then to whom shall we look? Even as men look up to the heavens, so do the heavens look up to the earth.'
When the sun's first influence was discernible upon the land, Agonas rose and jogged into the village of Thedsin. His appearance seemed to send the brown haired inhabitants into a panic, as only Agonas and Dalta, among the lords of Ilvas, had such coal-dark hair. Some bowed in submission, knowing that it meant that some lord of the North had come to them. Others just fled at his sight. He found a horse with ease, and his attempt to pay for it with gold was thwarted by an insistent grunt. 'Nay my lord; death first, before I take gold from the Kings.'
Agonas looked at the man in amazement. 'Then take my thanks at least,' he said. 'And I shall not forget the kindness of Thedsin.'
He rode this horse a little more carefully, allowing it stop and rest periodically. He made sure to give it time to eat and he kept near to the river so that the horse could drink its fill of water.
After five days at this pace he came to a place called the Bend, where the Esse River departed from its southward descent, carving its way eastward for nearly twenty leagues. Agonas knew that this meant that he was very nearly parallel to the city of Sunlan itself. 'I just hope that Pelas has not attacked any elves. The men of Sunlan will forgive any transgression, so long as no immortal blood is spilt. But if Pelas has been unfortunate enough to have encountered the elves, there is nothing I can do.'
He took comfort in the fact that Pelas' army would undoubtedly march much slower than a single rider. 'If I do not reach him in time,' Agonas acknowledged, 'then I have no home, either in Alwan, Ilvas or Sunlan.'

The land into which he had come was populated only sparsely. The people shared no traditions with the Lupith or the Essenes, from which Agonas gathered that they were their own distinct race of men. But they were few and simple, and untroubled by the lords of Sunlan and Alwan alike. Among these people Agonas went unnoticed. They were not wholly unaccustomed to such strangers, as their land was the favorite route for all sorts of criminals, dissidents and spies. But they had learned to think nothing of it, and that ignoring such strangers brought them less trouble than minding them.
He bought some dried meat and paid handsomely for a new horse. The people were happy to receive his gold and even happier when he left without further troubling them. Aside from his purchases, the only conversation he had was when he asked by what means one might cross the Esse.
This question was met with looks such as one would find among those whose suspicions were confirmed. In as few words as possible, an older man explained to him that there was a water fall and a lake due east, and that the water, two leagues to the south, was shallow. 'One might walk the greater part of it, if they could withstand the current, and a strong horse could swim what remains.'
Agonas thanked them and left as soon as he was able, not wanting to trouble them any further than was necessary. It was nearly midnight when at last he came to the falls, so he set a fire and had a meal by the lakeside. Through all the ages that would follow, that night he would remember as the most peaceful time in his life. He lay for hours listening to the distant roar of the falls and hearing to the splash of fish as they leaped into the air after flies.
Morning came too fast, though, and then he was off, searching for the place the old man had mentioned. Just as he became convinced that he had gone too far, and that the old man meant to drown him, he discovered a narrow portion of the river where the stones could easily be seen. The current was strong, and it took a great deal of coaxing for him to get his horse to enter into the cold stream. But in the end he managed the crossing without difficulty, save for a few moments when he thought the current would carry the horse away from the shallows. The horse proved itself to be an intelligent animal, and the two of them made it at last to the land of Sunlan.
After a brief rest, Agonas again mounted the horse and rode with as fast as he was able into the east.  He rode along the southern border of the Ancient Forest, knowing that at the eastern border he would find the King's Road, by which he might approach Sunlan Palace from the south. He was spotted by some sentries, but his horsemanship was far greater than theirs, and he left them far behind, coming to the great stone road just as evening fell. He rode through the night, trusting his horse to navigate the subtle turns of the stone road, occasionally prompting the animal back onto the stones when he heard the sound of grass or dirt beneath its hooves. In this way he came, by the time dawn arose, to the southern gates of Sunlan. He sued for an audience at the first sight of a guard. 'I am an ambassador of Ilvas!' he declared. 'I come with tidings of great urgency.'
They hurried him to a guard tower, where he was greeted by a captain of their guards, a tall brown haired elf named Uniroth.
'Have you any sign or proof of your commission?' he said, after listening to Agonas' plea.
'I am Agonas, the son of Parganas, King of Alwan,' he said, hoping the mere tone of his voice would serve as proof enough. This seemed to affect Uniroth somewhat, for he sent a courier to the palace, to seek council.
Much to his surprise, Unijan himself, the eldest son of King Ijjan, came to the guard tower. 'Hail son of Parganas!' he said in a booming voice. He wore a white tunic and gold armor. A crimson cloak was about his shoulders, and a steel sword hung naked at his side. It was, Agonas thought, armor such as one might wear in a parade, but not in battle. He assured himself that, had the men of Sunlan perceived his coming as a sign of peril, that Unijan would have garbed himself in his dwarf-steel armor, the fame of which had attached itself to his very name. 
'Hail, Prince Unijan,' Agonas replied, remembering his ancient lessons in diplomacy. He laughed within himself as he recalled how seriously Pelas had taken such things, and how it was, in fact, he who had need of them.
'You know as well as I, my lord,' Agonas said in a submissive tone, 'how the lords of the west are wont to send their sons to their deaths on Doom Paths. So it has been with us. But as we have not seen fit to betray our neighbors the elves of Sunlan, our father has judged it necessary to march against us, and to make an end of us where Fate herself has failed him.' 
'Knowing that we are as nothing before Lord Parganas,' Agonas continued, 'we therefore have fled our hiding place in the North, and we sue for peace and safety within your borders. If we might find grace in your eyes, please, my lord, let us serve you.'
Unijan rose up to his full height, standing nearly half a head taller than Agonas. 'Is that a blade of steel?' he asked Agonas, with a hint of suspicion in his voice.
'It is, my lord,' Agonas said, handing the blade to Unijan. The Prince took the sword and examined it. 'I have not seen its like in many years,' he said with a puzzled look upon his face. 'We used to get such blades from the dwarves, but they have ceased trading with us for the time being, as their fickle nature requires.'
He paused for a moment as he examined the blade. 'I did not know that Ilvas had dealings with the dwarves.'
'We have not,' Agonas said quite honestly. 'But we have had dealings with some of the merchants who travel from Sunlan.'
'I see,' Unijan said, nodding understandingly and returning the blade to Agonas.

Within the hour Agonas found himself kneeling before the throne of Ijjan himself, who was robed in purple with a golden crown upon his head. 'May the goddess Evnai bless you with eternal health,' Agonas said, touching his forehead to the marble floor of Ijjan's Grand Hall.
Seated at his right was the queen, a woman with sharp features and golden hair. Her appearance was very different from that of Ijjan, whose face was soft and kind. Indra, who stood beside her father in a long silk dress with bare sleeves, was a perfect mix of the two, the sharpness of her mother's nose was tempered by the round features of her father, but not lost.
Agonas avoided her gaze for as long as he was able, but she stared at him unblinking until at last, when he chanced a look at her, their eyes met, not for the first time. His heart sank, for he knew that it was within her power to destroy him, even as he lay prostrate before her father. Unijan seemed to notice this, and fidgeted within his armor, laying his observation aside for the present.
When his tale had been told in full before Ijjan's court, the king rose from his seat. Every knee touched the ground as the noble lord of Sunlan stepped from his throne. He stepped carefully from the dais upon which the royal family usually remained, and approached Agonas. 'Rise son,' he said, extending his hand toward Agonas.
Agonas rose, though he was careful to keep his head bowed low.
'If your people will swear their loyalty before the goddess of Sunlan, then we shall welcome you as brothers. You need not fear the devices of your father in our land, for our steel and our wealth are greater than his iron and his tyranny. I have, as you shall soon learn, many sons, none of whom I have betrayed to their deaths to preserve my own authority. They are happy, and I am safe, for I do not rule with an evil hand.'
'I thank you, my lord,' Agonas said, and then with some urgency he said, 'I am afraid, my king, that the people of Sunlan, not expecting the arrival of so many strong men, will challenge them at arms. I do not wish for any man or elf to be slain, either among our own people nor among the people of Sunlan. Let me, therefore, ride into the north with an envoy of your court, that we may welcome them properly.'
'So it shall be done,' Ijjan said cheerfully.


Chapter IX:
The Longer Road
The Army In Sunlan
Pelas and his army left a trail of burning villages as it marched through northern Sunlan. The Essenes, knowing their purpose, had come out in force to challenge the elves. But they could not stand before him. Seven villages they destroyed utterly, slaying every man, woman and child, and carrying away their gold and silver.
'Prepare yourselves,' Pelas ordered his captains, 'For we shall battle elves ere the week is through. Ghestus is a day's march to our south, and then Lubine. They are in elven lands, and they will not fall easily. Be courageous! We shall have the Palace ere the autumn leaves descend.'
His captains cheered and his army followed their lead. 
Amro and Ghastin marched among them, though they had not, as yet, made any use of their weapons. 'Shall we not partake in these battles?' Ghastin asked.
'No, let them do it themselves,' Amro replied. 'These lands were once our home, and the people therein have done nothing to us. Fate has led us to this place, but Fate cannot force my hand.'
'But how shall we ever gain the trust of our master?' Ghastin queried.
Amro looked at him with sadness, 'Ghastin, you are my younger brother, and you once counseled me. We would have died had it not been for those strange doctrines you learned from the Essenes. For I would have fought to the death to preserve our freedom. Have you forgotten them already?'
'I have told you before,' Ghastin affirmed, 'I remember nothing of our life in Lubine, save for the heat of the furnace.'
'But you trust me, brother?' Amro asked.
'Of course,' he replied.
'The know this: You cannot trust these men. They will turn against us the moment it suits them. Serve them, as they give us our bread. But do not work evil for their sakes – not more than you must.'
Ghastin said nothing, and the two let the matter rest for a time. 'Very well,' Ghastin nodded. 'I won't exhaust myself for the sake of Pelas. But any danger comes to Ele, Dalia or yourself, I shall not hesitate to paint the world red with blood.'
'You were not always a vengeful person, brother,' Amro sighed.

When the army at last came within sight of Ghestus, they could see a great force approaching them from the south. 'How could they have been apprised of our coming?' Pelas marveled, his voice betraying his fears.
'I do not know, my lord,' Bralohi said. 'I cannot imagine that any would dare betray the son of Parganas.'
Even as they stood pondering, an envoy of Sunlan came riding out to them. At first Pelas thought that the man at their lead wore a helm with a black plume, but as the rider approached, he realized that it was the long dark hair of the envoy that was flying about in the wind. For a moment, Pelas thought that it was his brother riding toward the army of Ilvas, but he soon mastered his intuition and laughed at himself. In this way, Pelas was doubly surprised, having fully convinced himself that he was mistaken. But when the rider came fully within view he realized, this time for certain, that the envoy truly was his brother Agonas. 
'Wha-?' was all that he could say.
'Pelas!' Agonas shouted. 'I would speak to you, brother.'
'You would betray us? After all that has transpired?' Pelas whimpered.
Agonas laughed with a cruel and injured voice. 'You speak of betrayal, brother, and how can I doubt but that you know betrayal when you see it? For was it any less of a betrayal for you to leave me bound behind iron in Ilvas while you brought glory to yourself. Or so you thought. I have seen the army of Sunlan, and it is not to glory that you bring your people.'
'What would you have us do? Cower and beg at the table of Ijjan, even as you have done?'
'We have only ever had one choice, brother. Parganas will not have us, and Sunlan will not fall to our pitiful force. The road to life, be it glorious or not, is through submission.'
'I will not allow it,' Pelas said, incredulously.
'Brother!' Agonas pleaded. 'Listen to me, even as I speak the army of Sunlan prepares to welcome you to their nation as allies. They believe that you come in flight from our father, and not in conquest. They will forget what you have done to the mortals, but they will never forgive our people if we harm the elves.'
'This is foolishness,' Pelas said. 'You have turned your back on Ilvas.'
'Pelas, they have forty-thousand warriors, armed in steel, that may be summoned from their towers and fortresses within a week's time. Moreover, they have, I understand, some eighty-thousand mortal warriors, armed in leather and iron, but armed nonetheless. What is our tally, with the women and children, mortals and sickly?'
'Forty-thousand!' Pelas said, with fear escaping the careful control he normally exercised over his tone of voice. His servants began to look fearful, but none dared to interfere.
'See brother? We cannot defeat them.'
'You speak like a coward,' Pelas grunted and he turned as if he would command his army to attack.
At that moment Agonas leaped from his steed and knocked Pelas from his own horse. The two began to struggle, their armor clanging against the rocks on the ground. Pelas struck Agonas in the nose, pouring blood down his face. Agonas knocked a tooth from his brother's jaw. They went in turns, one landing a blow and then the other, until it seemed that in the end they would make an end of each other. No struggle can last forever, and in the end it was Agonas that was fated to win this match of equals, if for no other reason than that at last Pelas seemed to accept that the conquest of Sunlan was not yet within their grasp.
Through a bloodied face he panted, 'Agonas, you would have us turn against our father?'
'No, brother. But insofar as he has turned against us and made himself our enemy, it is all we can do to survive. Do not fear, brother, we are not mortal men, nor shall we ever truly be servants of Sunlan.'
'Survive?' Pelas scoffed. 'Where is the glory in that?' He smiled slightly as he said this, understand for a moment at least, how absurd his expectations had been. But this sensibility quickly passed and he brought himself to accept the lot that had fallen to him. He washed his face and rode out with his brother to Unijan, where the two of them bowed themselves low to the ground and vowed to serve Sunlan with all their might.
Unijan, now dressed in his dwarf-steel armor, held his blade over their heads and spoke in a firm voice. 'Will you now swear, by the ancient powers of the world, that you will have no power over our goddess Evnai, who rules over us with wisdom. Agonas and Pelas looked to one another from the corner of their eyes, and swore, their hearts filling to the brim with amusement. For they understood that their oath meant only that they would not act against the goddess, who had left Sunlan ages ago. They did not, however, swear anything at all concerning Sunlan, though, in swearing to Evnai, the men of Sunlan believed that they had truly bound themselves to their service.
Ijjan's Servants
So it was that the sons of Parganas became, for a time, vassals of King Ijjan, lord of Sunlan. The mortals who had served them were quickly lost among the Essenes of Northern Sunlan, and many of their elvish servants, also, mixed with the people of Sunlan. The greater part of them, however, remembered their old allegiances and remained loyal first and foremost to Pelas and Agonas.
The lords of Ilvas were given lands to govern and every pleasure they might require. They learned every art and every trade from the people of Sunlan, and surpassed them in many. Amro returned, for a brief while, to the public trade of a smith, making weapons for the army of Sunlan as he had before.
Dalta soon rose to prominence in the military, being named captain of Centan, a city built along the Midtalon River. Kolohi traveled the land, gathering what wisdom he could from both the mortals and immortals alike. Bralohi remained ever at Lord Pelas' side, ensuring that he was paid every respect that was due to one of his heritage. His sons traveled about the land, serving Ijjan in whatever way he deemed appropriate. Sol was given lordship over the barren stretch of shore that separated the Talon Mountains from the Great Waters. 
Falruvis never fully accepted Agonas' tale concerning his father's death. He was told that Ruvis had released Pelas' brother, fearing for the safety of the army, but had perished in the crossing of the Esse River as the two rushed to Sunlan Palace. He knew that he could not contradict him, for no one could go to Ilvas to discover the truth of the matter. But within himself and to Oblis and Cheru he grumbled, 'How could Agonas survive what my own mighty father could not?'
Though his intuitions were correct, everyone knew that this was a hollow complaint. He could press the matter no further without incurring the wrath of Agonas, to whom he was yet subject.
Pelas, though he was grieved over the loss of his servant, knew without hearing the true tale that Agonas had killed Ruvis, and that his story was a fabrication. But he realized, upon seeing the full size and might of Sunlan's army, that Agonas had done so to save his own life. This brief time, as a result, was the most peaceful time the brothers enjoyed. Having no immediate hope of supplanting the lord of Sunlan, they were no longer rivals, and they could extend their hands in friendship without fear or enmity. 
Cheru, Oblis and Ginat, those warriors whose might in arms served to counterbalance their simplicity in mind, stayed ever in the sight of Pelas, doing whatever they were asked without question and, generally, without understanding. This blind devotion won for them an appreciation that Pelas did not bear toward any other soul. For even Bralohi, though he served Pelas honorable, did not do so without at least bearing within himself some doubt or some critical thoughts. Such things were, Pelas thought, quite beyond these three servants, however, and where Bralohi might question his judgment, even if subtly and respectfully, these three could be relied upon to act decisively and immediately. 
Parganas
When the report was brought back to Alwan, that the sons of Parganas had crossed into Sunlan, his fury was such that even his captains fled from his presence. He thrust a spear through the belly of the messenger, and watched him bleed to death on the stone floor of his hall. 'I defeated the gods!' he shouted in anger, 'And they betray me to serve the peacock-king Ijjan, decked in gold and purple like a concubine.' It mattered not to him that he had given orders to his captains to plunder Ilvas, and to slay any who remained within its walls. Moreover, he had commanded that, if his sons remained within his borders, they should be taken as traitors and beheaded. No Doom Path had ever taken so long, although, neither had any Doom Path been as grand as that upon which the sons of Parganas had been sent. Many noble elf sons had perished in desperate wars and vanished on hunts for gold and wealth, some perishing and some fleeing Bel Albor forever. But none had been commanded to seize an elvish kingdom by force.
Lady Aedanla was summoned to his palace, but she refused. In anger, he banished her from the north, stripping her of all wealth and honor, sending her across the Great Lake upon a merchant's ship, from whence she is lost to history.
Lord Parganas, in the years following the departure of his sons into Sunlan, sent messengers to all those who remained who had fought against the army of Vitiai. Those who were still living he set over great multitudes of mortal men. Those men who refused to fight for him were condemned and punished by the cruelest means. In this way he brought the whole land into submission and gathered greater tribute than he had ever done before, every penny of which was used for the enlargement of his military power. He did not dream that Pelas would ever join with Sunlan, for he knew his son's pride. He thought at the very least that Pelas and his brother would wound Sunlan so that, while its head turned to its bleeding northern fortresses, Parganas would cross the Esse and thrust a blade into the back of the nation, taking Sunlan Palace itself. At it stood, however, Parganas came to understand that if he was ever to truly rule in Bel Albor, he must take possession of Sunlan by his own power.
'Even as it was when I made an end of the gods upon Vitiai,' he said to himself. His false history still maintained that Vitiai was once the home of the elves, though ruined by jealous mortals. 'I must bring an end to Sunlan's pretenses myself.'
Foreseeing his preparations, Agonas prepared the land of Sunlan to welcome those of Alwan who were loyal to Pelas and his brother. Bralohi's father Lohi, the lord of Lushlin, and his entire house, and many other noble families with him set aside their estates and their possessions and came across the Esse to serve the King of Sunlan. Every elf who crossed the river to Ijjan was stricken from Lord Parganas' records and declared enemies of Bel Albor. 
The Beasts and the Beauty
During those years, the number of which is lost to history, Pelas dwelt mostly in Evnai, the great port that guarded the eastern shores of Sunlan. There he soon rose to prominence and was given command over the tradesmen of the city. It was he that oversaw the receipt of custom and who ensured that nothing contraband was carried from the land of Sunlan. In due course he himself took to the sea, being given command over a great warship. Upon this vessel he rid the coast of Sunlan of pirates, and thereby won great favor in the eyes of Ijjan. Also, he for the first time began to open his eyes to the vast world that lay beyond Bel Albor, hearing tales of strange tribes of men and elves, dwarf kingdoms, and mysterious creatures. With all the tales and fables he heard in those days he scarcely held on to the philosophy of his mother, who had, all those years ago, instilled within him the doctrine that he was the axle around which the world turned. But if ever there was a soul that could see his own insignificance yet retain his full measure of pride, it was Lord Pelas Parganascon.
Agonas was made a marshall of the army of Sunlan, and he soon proved his strength in the north by driving several tribes of goblins to extinction. Unijan would have made him a captain in the city, but his father was reluctant. 'We do not yet know whether their hearts be true or not,' he insisted. But Unijan did not doubt Agonas in the least. 'He has proven himself our ally insofar as he has put his very life in danger against the goblins of the north.'
'For a man of his strength, the goblins that vexed us are not a danger,' Ijjan answered.
'But surely Sunlan is mightier than was Ilvas?' Unijan asked in surprise.
'Indeed, but are the people of Sunlan mightier than the sons of Parganas?' Ijjan replied.
Unijan looked at his father with a puzzled face.
Ijjan sighed. 'I am not ready to trust them so fully.'
'What would you have of them?' his son asked, 'Would you send them on a Doom Path, though they are not your sons?'
'I will not send them anywhere.'
'But what will you do, my lord?'
'You shall see; and then we shall see if their hearts are with Sunlan or not.'

On the first day of Spring, the sons of Parganas were summoned to Sunlan Palace to appear together before the King. That day marked the holiest of the sacred feasts the elves of Sunlan celebrated. The priests of Sunlan had a saying, 'Summer is false. Autumn is empty. Winter is barren, but Spring is beauty.' This little rhyme was meant to unite within the minds of the people the beauty of their goddess, who was deceived, betrayed and abandoned, with the changing seasons. In this way what was a sorry tale of a lover forsaken became a cosmic epic, celebrated by mortal and immortal alike. The elves took every advantage over the mortals who could not uncover the falsities by which the elves maintained their ascendance.
On this holy day the elves gathered in great numbers. The Guests, as the elves of Ilvas and Lushlin had come to be called, were present in great numbers, almost matching the number of noble-born lords of Sunlan. With all their old servants gathered from the furthest reaches of Sunlan, Agonas and Pelas drank and celebrated freely, enjoying the company of their old companions. Lohi was present also, and he sat with Bralohi and Kolohi, along with their children. Kolohi's sons, who he had left as children, had followed their grandfather when he fled from Alwan. Their mother, Wellin, came also, but she refused to so much as speak to Kolohi, having been abandoned by him when the elves first fled to Ilvas. These two, Kollorn the elder and Kuxni the younger, were not trained in war at all, much to the amusement of their cousins, the sons of Bralohi, who had all attained perfection in the military arts. They were learned men, and they took to the libraries and archives of Sunlan, drawing much wisdom from the eastern elves of Bel Albor.
As the feast drew to an end, Ijjan rose from his seat, which was generally understood to mark the end of the holiday. But he did not retire to his quarters; turning toward the Guests, he said, 'Four days ago, I was tormented by a dream, or a vision - I know not which. But there was, in this dream, a beast of immense size. It's skin was armor, its claws - steel. No mortal or immortal dared face it. And it consumed the land until naught but desert remained. Likewise, there was a great fish of the sea - nay it was like an eel, but was larger than a warship. This beast emptied the waters so that there remained nothing alive therein. So also was there a bird of flame, scorching the air so that it could not be breathed. I am undone!' he lamented as he finished describing these monsters. 'This shall be my last feast, for I cannot fill my own belly while this dread terror consumes the very soul of the earth. I shall celebrate no more while these terrors devour life, land and future alike.'
The whole assembly fell into absolute silence. One man coughed, and another pushed his chair away from the table, but nothing more disturbed the quiet. Agonas and Pelas looked at one another with great surprise.
'Whosoever shall deliver me from these terrors, or prove them to be dreams only, him shall I reward with greater honors than I have hitherto given to man or elf.'
Later, Unijan came to him and asked, 'Father, is this so? Are you truly thus vexed? Why have you not spoken to me, your eldest son?'
Ijjan looked at him with disappointment. 'You insult me, Unijan, if you believe that I would reward another what I withheld from my own son.'
Unijan bowed low, touching his forehead to his father's hands.
'The hand of fair Indra is that of which I speak,' he said. 'And I would have you handle this danger, Unijan - you of all men, mortal and immortal alike, are most capable of the task. But I wish to see what these brave men of Ilvas are capable of accomplishing. And if they fail, then we need not worry about them. But to whomsoever I give the beautiful Indra, I shall receive therefrom eternal loyalty. For there is no man alive that could bear to see her weep.'
Departure
The oldest known calendar, either of elvish or mortal fabrication, begins on the day that Pelas and Agonas set out from Sunlan on a great warship. They sailed at dawn, gliding over the waves into the rising sun. Pelas said to his brother, 'Do you not feel like a god?'
Agonas laughed, and then agreed. 'It is a good day to be a god.'
As their ship moved away from the docks they looked behind them to see a great host of vessels following after, some to accompany them, and others just to bid them farewell. The high elves of Ilvas sailed along with them, with many others beside them. There were elves of Lushlin and of Sunlan, and even a few mortals of the Knariss, who proved to be greater mariners than even the elves.
A great celebration had been enjoyed on the eve of their departure, and many gifts were given to them. Pelas was given, by Ijjan himself, a golden helm with wings like an eagle's and a large plume of white feathers. Unijan gave Agonas an ashen spear with a dwarf-steel spearhead, forged to look like a serpent's head. One-hundred ships sailed that day, and two-hundred more would sail on the morrow, to join them on the northern coast of Tel Arie, in the land that would eventually be called Olgrost. There were several human settlements in that region, and it was there that the sons of Parganas would begin their search for the Beasts of the Earth, Sea and Wind. 

They did not return to Sunlan for nearly three years.

End of Book I


From The Author
Thank you for reading The Sons of Parganas; I truly hope that you have enjoyed this book. If you would like to read the rest of the story, please visit my facebook at www.facebook.com/thehiddennameseries for news and information on the upcoming release of the full five part series 'The Rise of the Gods.' 
If you would like to learn more about the world of Tel Arie, please check out my fantasy series 'The Punishment of the Gods, a review of which can be found here:

http://indiebookreviewer.blogspot.com/2013/08/the-punishment-of-gods-by-jake-yaniak.html

It can be downloaded here:

https://www.smashwords.com/books/view/315432



About The Author
I was born and raised in New Jersey; and I am New Jerseyan through and through, wherever life may take me.
For Christmas one year my parents bought me a Lord of the Rings computer game. I started playing it and was so inspired by the story that I put the game aside and did not touch it again until I had read The Hobbit and The Lord of the Rings. Those books sparked within me a love of reading in general and a love of fantasy literature in particular.
My favorite genre, however, is philosophy, particularly as it relates to ethics and metaphysics. This, together with my love of the fantastic, is the inspiration for my writing.
In my reading I have seen how ideas affect history. For this reason it has been important to me to not simply tell a story, but to show how the characters interact with different ideologies and ethical dilemmas. I want my readers to at least understand, even if they do not sympathize with, the villains of the story.

For the author's blog, please visit here:
http://www.goodreads.com/author/show/6949089.Jake_Yaniak/blog
