
Gryphonomicon Steam Submarine
Copyright ©  2014 Robert Denethon
Smashwords Edition
Book One
Steam Submarine Zelf 
The wolf will live with the lamb, the panther lie down with the kid, calf, lion and fat-stock beast together, with a little boy to lead them.  The cow and the bear will graze, their young will lie down together. The lion will eat hay like the ox.  The infant will play over the den of the adder; the baby will put his hand into the viper’s lair.  No hurt, no harm will be done on all my holy mountain, for the country will be full of knowledge of Yahweh as the waters cover the sea. 
Isaiah 11:6-9
…before they call I shall answer, before they stop speaking I shall have heard. The wolf and the young lamb will feed together, the lion will eat hay like the ox, and dust be the serpent’s food. No hurt, no harm will be done on all my holy mountain, Yahweh says. 
Isaiah 65:23-25
 
Table of Contents
Cover Page
Title
Quote
Proloup – Reflexion of a Wolf
Interloup One- Amnesiac, Past Unknown.
Interloup Two - Secret Agents & the Electric Telegraph.
Interloup Three - In The Shadow of the City.
Interloup Four – Finding Food
Interloup Five - A Ride in a Taxi-Cab.
Interloup Six - Finding Fuel For the Steam Submarine.
Interloup Seven - A Surprise in Bedlam Hospital.
Interloup Eight -  Refrigerated.
Interloup Nine - In the Steam Submarine
Interloup Ten - Into the Darkness and Then...
Interloup Eleven – Noble Wolf
Interloup Twelve - Captive Held
Interloup Thirteen – Things Seen and Unseen
Interloup Fourteen - Faun Supremacists
Interloup Fifteen – Trying to Find Where Zev has been
Interloup Sixteen – Wolf Lady
End of Book One
Dedication
Preface -  The Troubling Fountain of All Mythology
Proloup: Reflexion of a Wolf
Wolf Lady
There was no sound but for the steady murmuring of the drizzling rain pelting the submarine’s hull. 
In the shiny brass dashboard she caught a glimpse of her own reflexion. Bright golden eyes stared back at her, and in the shadow of her grey cape she glimpsed the grey and white fur on her muzzle and ears, and the wet black nose of a wolf. 
She bared her teeth at her own visual echo and growled a deeply satisfying growl.
In this realm, she was the monster. 
If she was caught they would surely kill her, or even worse, in this strange world of vivisection and animal experimentation, she would end up in a laboratory somewhere, being prodded by sticks and pricked with needles and cut apart by knives, so that human scientists could see what it was that made her different from everything else. 
In her home, in her cubhood the monsters in the fairytales and stories were all humans: evil hunters with their guns and bombs and bad knights slashing and killing with swords and pikestaffs; crazed, savage, barbaric men. 
In the Red Riding Hood story in her world, the heroine was a wolf cub, and her grandmother was killed by a woodsman who lay in wait in Red Riding Hood’s bed for her to return, lying there inside her grandmother’s skin that had been flayed from the poor unfortunate old wolf matriarch. It was not a comforting story, and it did not end nicely, not in the version she knew. She did not like to think of the end of it - that one was not a story for cubs. But she had to admit that, despite its gruesomeness, there was a grain of truth in it. 
Hmph. 
In the Fallen Realms, she thought to herself, something is broken in the very fabric of the world - fruit and vegetables are no longer nutritious enough to sustain life - Zelf had almost died of malnutrition before she finally relented and ate meat, and only because she would not have been able to fulfil her mission if she had died. 
Hunting was not a pleasure for her; it was a sad necessity. She always killed her prey quickly and cleanly, and only took what she needed.
What strange perversion of the soul made the humans so indifferent to animal suffering? A swift death - is that so much to ask? Treat others as you would like to be treated - that was what one of their prophets said, wasn’t it?
It’s the Leviathan. 
That usurper lurked in the very warp and weft of this world, like a stain of rottenness at its core. His nasty, El-forsaken servants sat on the humans’ shoulders and whispered in their ears all the time, nasty, evil words, told them to do bad things, or made them despair, or worse, caused them to become proud of themselves, when they tried to do good deeds. 
It was time to try to get home again - if she could face the shame of it. She must leave the Fallen Realms. She would tell the head Alpha, Tharek, everything she had found out about the humans - perhaps then they would excuse her shame, forgive her for the terrible, unmentionable thing. 
The Disgrace. 
The real reason she had left. 
The only problem was, the vital component in her submarine, the Ætheric Detector, was broken. Without it she could not leap the branches of the World Tree, for she would not be able to find out where the Ætheric tunnels were.
Without that component she was stuck in the Fallen Realms, prisoner in the land of humans, a place where she could trust no one. 
But she had found out something that might help. She knew that these humans who called themselves English had made an Ætheric Detector. Perhaps she could get one from them. 
She took the wheel and carefully guided the craft into the shelter of the dock. 
She would have to make alliances, she had taken that fact for granted when she had come here, but even among her allies there were few, very few humans that she even half-trusted. 
She would have to contact them soon. She sighed; it came out almost like a howl and it wasn’t even the full moon. 
Alpha of Alphas, help me, Ellulianæ  aiohiCwa, she whispered, not completely sure if it was a prayer or an oath. Help me. 
Pah. Madgwint had been right - she ought not to have come here. She ought not to have even set foot in this world. It was a bad, bad place. 
Interloup One- Amnesiac, Past Unknown.
The Amnesiac Young Man. 
“My dear boy, it is Nineteen hundred and thirty five. And what would you be? Thirteen years old? Fourteen, fifteen, perhaps? It sounds as though you have missed out on eighty years. Or perhaps you are wondering if you might be slightly... delusional?” 
The gentleman was stroking his chin and looked at me as though he thought the second alternative more likely. We were in a coffee shop in the Strand. 
For a moment I had hesitated, for I hadn’t understood the word ‘delusional’. But when I realized what it must mean - someone in the grip of a delusion, a fancy, a false impression of the mind - I knew that I had to make my move.
He reached forward towards me as I leapt up from my seat, but I flinched backwards, out of his grasp.
He lurched forwards again and grabbed for my hand as he blurted, “I might know some people who can help you!” But I wasn’t standing there waiting for someone to lock me in the madhouse. I wrenched my hand out of his control and leaped away from his grasping, greedy fingers...
That’s how I had ended up where I was now... 
* * *
I hadn’t had a clue of the straits I was in when it all began.
It was little less than a day ago. I had waked up with the worst headache I could have ever imagined - my head was thumping as though an unseen assailant was bashing upon the side of it with a large wooden sledgehammer, or a crowbar - thump, thump, thump, upon my right temple. 
Cold, painful bricks lay beside me. 
I was looking up at a wall standing at an impossibly oblique angle of inclination. 
After a moment of complete disorientation I realised that it was I who was resting obliquely - lying on my side - looking up at the wall - I stood up unsteadily on my feet and tried to get my thoughts into order. 
I was in a dark alley. Pale light brightened the space between the walls above me. Below me was what looked like the brickwork of a London street and there were tendrils of fog reaching along the alleyway. 
The effort of trying to walk made my head swim so I leant upon the wall. 
Where was I? 
And more importantly, who was I? 
I looked up. The sky was green, the pea-soup fog of London. 
That was a place I had heard of. 
London. 
Was I in London?
A strangely disjointed memory drifted past and I grabbed at it with my mind before it could get away. I only caught half of the phrase: “Ah, þües bij Mannisjkaes pahæ þü nikke? Mü' mü mue 'trilfamees îl'f rfœ Ing-Gland?” Someone was grasping my jacket, jerking me forwards, breathing on me with breath that stank of garlic and chives – someone who didn’t look human… More than one of them. Perhaps they were gnomes or trolls. 
Trogthen. 
Then someone saying - “You are the human? Or one of them?” Something about the Eternal. And a harsh, inhuman voice, in a strange accent, “He says that some say you killed him.” 
These thoughts contrasted so sharply with the world I saw all around me - the dull, bleak, dismal reality of a London alleyway, the swirling fog, the commonplace brickwork on the street below - that I could not help wondering if these thoughts were the product of a mind that had become unhinged. For a moment I thought that perhaps I was remembering fanciful dreams of a foreign place; but I doubted that dreams would be the first memories to return to an amnesiac.
Then a voice cried out, “There he is!” 
Three figures in black suits pointed at me from the far end of the shadowy alleyway. They chased me. 
I sprinted down into another alley. I reached a high, whitewashed, wooden fence and climbed up onto a rubbish bin that was resting on it, then, clinging to the fence, kicked the rubbish bin away with my feet. In moments I had leaped over the fence and was sprinting into another alley. 
I discovered a low doorway in which to hide. 
I heard my pursuers calling to one another on the other side of the fence that I had jumped, “Which way did he go?” “This one’s a dead end, must’ve gone the other way.” “Let’s go,” and then the pattering of running feet and they were gone. 
The day came and went, like a passing stranger vanishing into the pea-green fog. 
I stayed hidden in the alcove for the whole time.
Gradually the fog cleared.
All I could see from my hiding place was the overcast sky, with dark grey clouds scurrying past below even darker clouds that set their own melancholy pace. 
The last thing I noticed before falling asleep was the dark disc of the new moon hanging on the black felt sky like a strange medallion on the chest of a duergar guard.
Completely exhausted, I slept until the chill of early morning waked me up. A thin layer of ice had grown onto the windows beside me. From the rumbling of the city some blocks away and the position of the dim sun behind the clouds I judged it to be about nine o’clock in the morning. 
I was very hungry and ran towards the noise of the street, thinking that if my enemies were still looking for me it would be safer to move quickly to where the crowds were. 
I dashed out of the alleyway onto the rumbling street, expecting the usual spectacle of innumerable horses and wagons and carriages contending with one another that clatter along any usual London thoroughfare. Instead, an incomprehensible clamour greeted me! I saw a street full to the brim of puffing, roaring horseless carriages, inane mechanical contraptions, each self-propelled, as though it had become its own railway engine, but with smaller spoked wheels and no tracks to run on, some carrying a spare wheel on the side, some bearing a loose canopy on top, each with two strange upright lamps on the front of the smokebox like bright, unnaturally lit eyes, each contrivance pumping smoke from a single chimney beneath the rear instead of one atop the front like any normal steam engine! And there was such a great number of these peculiar conveyances, bumping along the street and jostling one another as horses and carriages do - or, rather, did! For with a start I realised that I must be in the future of London.
I was so surprised that I almost fall straight into the path of one of these racing metal monstrosities, but happily a man’s hand grasped my shoulder from behind and stayed my fall.
The gentleman steadied me and said, “Quick smart, lickety splat, to paraphrase what a sentimental American might say. There you are, young man, don’t go leaping into the path of the traffic. You still have your whole life ahead of you.” 
I looked at him - his suit was grey and well-tailored - those who had been following me were wearing black. He clearly wasn’t one of them. 
“Where am I?” I said. 
“Why... London, of course. Where on earth did you think you were?” 
But I couldn't think of any answer I could give to that strange question. 
***
Five minutes later I was sitting in one of the coffee shops in the Strand, with a splendid breakfast before me: bacon and mushrooms with bubble and squeak, and a pot of fine, hot, steaming coffee. The gentleman was reading the morning newspaper. 
He looked up at me gobbling down the meal he had bought me and said, “You’re hungry indeed. Looks like you haven’t eaten for days. When was the last time you had a round meal?” 
As I shook my head I felt that the man understood that my memory had been misplaced. He hadn’t seemed particularly perturbed about the fact, anyhow. 
We talked about the London weather for a little while - nondescript - “As usual,” he said, and I seemed to comprehend his meaning, so that seemed to imply that I was a Londoner. 
He said, “But that doesn’t solve the puzzle, does it?” 
“What puzzle?” I asked, fearing that he meant my puzzle. What could he know of me? I felt my pulse quicken.
To me it had seemed as though he was going to challenge me, but he leaned forward instead and showed me a page of the newspaper. 

“Here - feed your peepers on this - there is a puzzle on this page somewhere, or rather, the answer to a particular puzzle, actually, but I cannot for the life of my grandmother find it. Have a try at it; see if you have any better luck.” 
The style of the page was different to newspapers I had seen - there were more pictures and the lettering was more varied. 
There was a very obvious puzzle, right there in the middle. A crossword right in the middle of the page and the answer to the previous day’s crossword directly below it! 
I thought the man must be insane. 
He noted my expression and said, “Yes, yes, I’m not talking about the crossword. No, it’s another puzzle, hidden somewhere among the various features of this page... Of course I’m not saying it isn’t the crossword - indeed, it would be just like them to put the answer in the crossword itself of course. But it might not be. Have a goose, have a gander. See if you can find it, lad, I’m at my wit’s final demise.”
I examined the crossword.  
He hadn’t even filled in any of the words yet. 
How would he expect to find the clue without even doing the crossword? Needless to say, I hadn’t even any idea as to what sort of a clue he was looking for. 

 My headache was returning as I tried to figure out this puzzle, and a mood of despair gripped me. My mouth seemed to blurt out the truth without my consent or foreknowledge, “I don’t know. I don’t know anything. How do you expect me to solve this when I can’t even remember who I am or where I came from?” 
His eyebrows lifted, but a veil came over his expression at the same time, and I felt as though some sort of chance or opportunity had passed me by, though what it might be I couldn’t guess.
The fellow addressed me again wearing a quizzical expression. “Well,” he said, “If you can’t remember anything, you might want to be drawing on the latest news at least...” 
It appeared that he wanted to see if he might jog my memory! I nodded vociferously, it must have been a pitiful sight. 
The man said, “The Government of India act was passed - the longest act of Parliament ever - they’re going to reprint it, apparently, in two sections. Our monarch’s health hasn’t been two hundred percent lately - that old injury’s troubling the doctors somewhat - they can’t seem to do much. And in Germanischenland that nasty fellow Hister is on the rise... And that business about there being life on the moon, that they saw on the teleoscope - turns out it was all one dastardly hoax.” 
I shook my head again. “What injury?” I remember feeling a fondness for England’s Queen. I had heard stories about her, or knew of her, or some sort of thing like that. 
“What?... Surely you remember the silver jubilee celebrations? In May. Crowds in the streets, everybody waving flags about and singing maniacally, like those mechanical singing toy robots one can buy?And him saying, ‘I am only a very ordinary sort of fellow.’” 
I said, “Silver jubilee? That’s twenty five years isn’t it? The Queen began to reign in 1827, did she not? Good grief. That would make it 1852. So it’s a whole year since...” Since what I didn’t know. But something still seemed out of place. 
“Queen? No, no, dear boy. King. King George the fifth. What, did you think Victoria’s in charge? Goodness grievous, lad. That was thirty years ago.”
I dropped my fork and fell backwards in surprise, knocking my plate off the table so that it clattered onto the floor and stumbling to stop my chair from falling over. All the other guests began staring at our table. “But that would mean it is... the turn of the century, at least... How can that be? The earliest it could possibly be is... nineteen hundred and one. And I’m still a child. Oh! And who is this George? Edward I know. But George?”
“My dear boy, it is Nineteen hundred and thirty five.... And what would you be? Thirteen? Fifteen years old?... I can see that it’s all Turkish to you. You don’t need to be afraid. Perhaps you are wondering if you are slightly... delusional.” And then he reached forwards slightly, but I flinched backwards.
For a moment I hesitated, for I hadn’t understood the word ‘delusional’. But then I realized what it must mean - someone in the grip of a delusion, a fancy, a false impression of the mind.
And in a flash I realised that if this modern world was anything like the eighteen fifties, the place they would put delusional people - that is, those society judged to be insane - was not a very nice place. A sanatorium, or even worse, an asylum. 
He lurched forwards again and grabbed for my hand as he blurted, “I might know some people who can help you! Loss of memory is not uncommon when…” But I wasn’t staying there waiting for a well-intentioned doctor of the psyche to put me in chains, I wasn’t standing there waiting for them to lock me up in a madhouse for the rest of my natural life. 
I wrenched my hand out of his control and leapt away from his grasping, clutching fingers. I sprinted out from the coffee shop and into the streets. He leapt out after me clumsily, crying out, “No, you have the wrong idea! It's alright! I don’t want to hurt you! I won't put you in Bedla-” 
But I was gone already.
* * *
I had no idea how long I had been running through streets and alleyways... 
I had found another dark place in which to hide, an alcove that led to somebody’s basement. The door was covered in spiders’ webs (not splyders’ webs - wait - where on earth did I learn such a word? Splyder? Is that a real thing? Perhaps there really is something wrong with my mind) and the window was broken; it was a disused, abandoned cottage that would make the perfect hiding place. 
My chest was heaving in and out and I had a stitch that made me double over. It took me some time to catch my breath.  The sensation of having fled for my life seemed familiar to me - as though I had done this sort of thing before - but I had no clue as to when or why. A heaviness settled upon my spirit as tangible as a physical weight.
But there shone a small ray of light - the fellow had accepted me as a Londoner and an Englishman, so surely that was what I was. Wasn’t I? I believed that, I had found out one small piece of the puzzle, and that was a beginning. It wasn’t a greatly comforting insight, but beggars can’t be choosers.
I tried to think, to make a plan, but a great weariness consumed me and I couldn’t help but close my eyes. I crawled into a foetal position on the bricks, hugging myself against the cold, and slept.
* * *
Early in the evening I woke up and crawled out from my  hiding place. 
“Jonathan,” a voice said. I turned around. No-one was there. 
“Jonathan,” the echo came again; it was in my mind, my imagination, not audible. A female voice, a child’s voice, a friend, or someone close to me. Amelia - that was the name that came to mind.
Who was Amelia? Who was Jonathan? Could I be Jonathan?
I looked around where I was. 
Another spider’s web, lit by the light of the moon, caught my eye. 
The sight awakened another fragmentary memory - in a bathroom; in the mirror - a fly hanging on a piece of spider web from the ceiling. I moved my head - from a certain angle, the fly was magnified by a strange bump in the mirror. 
It wasn’t a fly. It had the compound eye and wings of a fly, but it had eight legs. Even more startling - the creature was looking back at me, with a disconcertingly intelligent gaze. It was a splyder; neither spider nor fly, but a combination of the two. 
How did I know that? I couldn’t remember.
Then I saw my own reflection, in the mirror, in my memories. Rather accentuated eyebrows. A rough texture to my skin, large pores, though that could be an effect of the strange mirror’s magnification. Dark eyes. A stony gaze.
Young, twelve years old, perhaps.
Then I looked at the real spider’s web again, the London spider’s web - I realised it wasn’t lit by the moon - the moon wasn’t shining. It was something else. 
I walked down the alley-way a short distance and saw a lit lamp-post for the first time. 
It was not a gas lantern.
Awe-struck by the marvel, I stared at it for a while, and then returned to the dark shadows.
* * *
The lamp-post astonished me. It appeared that mankind had discovered the lightning element - the source of power mentioned in the ancient Hwellwellyn texts - though when I tried to think how I might have learned this fact or even what the Hwellwellyn texts were I could not for the life of me remember. 
I began to panic, my breathing coming in short, sharp gasps. My mind was unhinged - these thoughts of elvish texts were not rational - the elves, that was who had written them - elves! Not rational! But then I questioned even this, for what did I, who could remember nothing of who I was or where I had come from, know of rationality? Perversely, the thought comforted me, and I descended into a kind of interior darkness, a dark night of the soul, with no moon or stars or planets. 
Then I shivered. It was too cold and my clothes were very thin, so I began walking again to keep myself warm, keeping to dark, unlit alleyways, avoiding always the bright lamplight.
I walked for what must have been at least three or four hours in this strange, half-mesmerised state, trying to remember who I was. 
Eventually I found myself standing next to the Thames on a bridge, looking down into dark waters that roiled and flowed in spirals and circles, gentle, insidious, hypnotic, and deep. 
A mist hung over the surface, unnaturally still, floating like the ghost of a lost soul, a whisper. 
The Thames... The river of forgetfulness and oblivion, the afterlife: the Lethe, the river of the underworld. The thought lulled me and I felt myself slipping, sliding, falling into a doom-laden melancholia that was clutching and clawing at me, trying to pull me further in, farther down.
Then I wondered how I knew about the river Lethe and tried to remember that but I could not. An unmediated distress gripped my heart, and I gasped. 
I fought the slough of despond: I was not going to give up today. Suicide is not an option. Even though I could see no hope, I would put my hope in the things that I could not see. The things that I could not even remember, good times, good people, friendships, perhaps even a family.
I found a tunnel nearby, clearly some sort of drainage tunnel that led into the Thames, and curled myself up inside it in the darkest corner, but it was so cold that I could not sleep for a long while. 
In the night I heard someone whimpering. 
It was me.  
Interloup Two - Secret Agents & the Electric Telegraph.
Wolf Lady.
She had contacted the agents by the electric telegraph several weeks before. 
Madgwint the griffin had always been ferreting out helpful gadgets for her when he had been around. She didn’t know where he had gone and she hadn’t heard from him for many months. Perhaps he’d gone home to his own realm, or perhaps he had gone to a realm where the time travelled at a different pace. He might only have been gone for what seemed like a few minutes to him, but it could be years for her, decades, even millenia.
Madgwint had been a most helpful griffin. He had found a machine for her in one of the other worlds that could send telegraphic messages. The thing had a typewriter attached, but the almost magical thing about this contraption was that it didn’t need to be attached to the telegraph line at all. So long as you were close to the nearest telegraph line it would create vibrations in the magnetic æther that would cause an electric current to rise up and flow along the telegraph line. She didn’t understand the technical details, but the device worked on this particular day at least (it was a little temperamental and didn’t work all the time). In any case an agent of His Majesty’s government appeared on the wharves within twenty four hours of her sending the message. 
She chose the darkest, most secluded, isolated place for the meeting, on the cusp of nightfall as the last gasp of twilight died. The moon, in his own last quarter, was hiding his pale face behind greying clouds. 
She would have set the meeting on the night of the new moon, like a griffin, when she could be sure it would be dark, but that was when it affected her - the unmentionable, the shameful infirmity that she didn’t like to think about - and she did not feel safe leaving the submarine on such a night.
She saw them coming towards her in the shadows, walking in their clumsy way, feet flopping in those ridiculous things they called shoes like the fins of a sea-leopard, or the feet of a frog. 
Humans. 
Hmph. 
If these men knew what she was, what manner of beast she was, her days of cooperating with them would be over quickly. 
She whispered so that the peculiarly wolfish quality in her voice would not be quite so obvious: “I need to get someone a message.” 
“Use the telegraph!” said the man. “You got a message to us, didn’t you? Get one to your friend that way, the same way you got your message to us. Bit of a miracle wasn’t it? We know which stations are closest to the location the message was sent from... No telegraph for bloody miles and the wires all hidden away inside five feet of concrete, yet still you managed to tap into it somehow. Miraculous, it was.”
“Other people... are listening to your telegraphs. Someone undesirable might get a hold of it. No. I needed another way. A better way. A more hidden way.” 
In the half-light she saw the dissatisfied aspect of the man’s face. He leaned forward and his eyes gleamed at her.
“Well, madam, the brigadier was more than halfway impressed with the last offering you brought us. He tells me he reckons that we owe you one, anyway. He said he didn’t think our new Babbage machine could have been built without those nifty little gadgets you gave us, but he didn’t want me to say much more than that about it - you know, Official Secrets Act and all that. Gives us an edge if Hister gets his campaign going - and he will. The Cambridge office in particular has identified him as a danger - he’s got his eye on Europe, mark my words; maybe even the world. And that’s not all we have to worry about either. There’re rumblings in Ultima Thule as well.” 
She shuffled nervously; he was getting off the topic.
He cleared his throat and continued. 
“‘Yes,’ is the answer, we’ll do you a favour. And we have got a way to get messages out. Your fellow - he reads the newspaper, I hope? We can put something in there for him if you want. Just tell us what you want and we’ll get it done.” 
She scratched her muzzle, trying not to make it look too obvious that it was a muzzle, and cursed the gloves that simply did not fit her forepaws; more paws than hands even when she walked as a two-legs.
“Well... Put it on the crossword page. I’ll tell you what to put in there....” And she told him, and he committed it to memory. He leaned forward to shake hands - such a quaint human custom - but she carefully kept her paws hidden and said primly, “Thankyou.” 
He seemed to accept that. 
He said, “Pleasure doing business with you, Ma’am,” and disappeared back into the shadows.
Interloup Three - In The Shadow of the City.
The Amnesiac Young Man.
I got some sleep at last and waked soon after daybreak to see the bright white glow of dawn light brushing the tops of buildings. An unsettled breeze had sprung up and was causing clanks and rattles to sound out in the distance and nearby, from every direction, each like a dot on a map, each clatter and clink a pointed reminder that there were no walls around me, no roof above me.
I stretched, yawned, and glimpsed the gleaming bulkheads of what I thought must be five or six very large ships, great, gargantuan, hulking metal things, looming above the taverns and warehouses to the west, on the river side. They had no sails, only vast chimneys for the smoke to belch out of. Smokestacks reaching up into the sky like long metal fingers beseeching an iron god.
As I gazed at the giant bulkheads my empty stomach growled and I realised that I’d have to do something about bodily necessities - my three choices seemed to be to find employment, or steal, or starve - and the last two options did not appeal to me. 
I wondered whether cabin boys were still needed in this modern age. 
Surely they were. 
These sorts of things surely never change - and after all, I must be more than eight years old, and could therefore work to make my living. And on the boat I would be given the seaman’s equivalent of a factory education, and might therefore learn something about this strange futuristic world into which I had been deposited. And it would be an excellent way to stay anonymous. 
I turned to the west and walked through dark, dank, deserted streets towards the looming bulkheads, sparkling now with the rising sun. The sounds of bustle were already beginning to ring out over the awakening city. I stayed in the shadows and the small alleyways, though, fearing I might be prey to those who haunt lonely places in the early hours; disreputable people, men of ill repute. 
Then I froze. 
I glimpsed something or someone in the shadows some twenty feet behind me, or at least I thought I did; perhaps it was merely my imagination. A cloud came over the sun and it seemed like an ill omen. Fear feeds on loneliness, hunger and isolation, as hyenas feed on corpses in the desert.
I wondered if it was the man I had met in the streets, who had given me breakfast the day before. Perhaps he still wanted to 'help' me; in other words, put me in Bedlam, the asylum for the insane. 
Or perhaps he had set the police on me, or whatever authorities sought to bring into custody the mentally deranged and incompetent in this modern age.
Or perhaps it was one of the three men who had pursued me when I first awoke.
How could any of them have found me here, though? I must have walked for miles.
More likely it actually was one of the riff-raff, those suspicious characters that hang around wharves and dark alleys - perhaps a character like Bill Sykes or Fagin. Oliver Twist - suddenly I remembered reading it - Charles Dickens was the author! 
A strange room came to mind, I saw the three of us in the mirror: three friends, two humans and a troll-cub, reading together by the light of a lamp. 
The fairytale world and the banal reality of London seemed to be completely intertwined in my mind. Perhaps I was delusional. Surely I was - how could such things be? 
A troll-cub? Who had ever heard of such a thing?
I seemed to wait there for a very long time, and I could hear my breathing rasping out, sounding something like a small bellows. Yet to me it was loud in comparison with the distant shouts of the wharf workers and the ships' bells sounding, and I could not believe that whoever was following me could not hear it.
Finally the sound of footsteps walking away rang through the streets. 
I waited a while then set off again through the shadows.
When I emerged into the dockyards there was a comforting crowd of wharf workers loading and unloading cartons and boxes from the ships and I glanced behind me again - anyone who had been following me might well be more reluctant about trying something in what was already a very public place, despite the early hour. 
The workers were using lofty cranes of a size and complexity unknown in the eighteen fifties, and there were horseless carriages with large carts attached to them; they were like railway trains without tracks, chugging to and fro. 
The eighteen fifties - there it is again - the time I knew, the time I was from.
Looking at the scene before me I tried to make some sense out of it, so that I might know who to talk to about procuring employment.
In earlier days on the wharves it had been easier to tell who the figures of authority were. 
The captain would almost certainly be supervising the loading and unloading of the ship. 
I had no clue as to how I knew this, but the fact was that on this wharf, the wharf of this future age, I had no idea who the figures of authority were, or who might be the right person to talk to about employment on one of the ships. 
And even worse, most of the workers seemed like grown men. 
I could not see a single child, not a single cabin boy, message boy, or newspaper boy anywhere.
I stood there for a while, my courage waning, and then my stomach grumbled again. There was a terrible, gaping, empty space inside me. I had to do something to earn money so that I could eat or I was certain I would fade away or starve.
I selected the wharf worker with the friendliest face, but it took me some minutes to work up the courage to approach him. He had just picked up a box and was hauling it towards a crate when I came up to him and said, "Um... Excuse me..." 
He put the box down and straightened up a little. 
"Well - what have we here?” he said, “A boy, is it, about twelve years old, maybe even a little older? What’s up young master?" 
I said, "Sir, if it please you I would like to earn my keep - I need a job so as I can eat, and I don't want to be a burden on society, sir, I really don’t." 
"He doesn't seem to know that children don't ‘ave to work - must be neglected - no parents - no family? Run away from home did you, boy? Poor lad. Things can be bad in this modern age - and you’re all alone ain’t you?" I must have shown my nerves by flinching, for he moved forwards towards me, reaching his hand out in a conciliatory gesture. His voice became lower, like the growl of a hungry dog. “All alone in the world. Need a friend - that’s it, it is - you need a friend!”  Suddenly, in one swift movement he grabbed my arm in a vise-like grip and all at once I knew that I had made a terrible mistake. 
He leered in my face with breath that smelled like rotten fish, and his expression went ugly all of a sudden, with something like greed showing in his eyes. "I know a... little job that you could do, boy. I know some men that would be right pleased to have you... er... workin' for 'em. Why they would just love a fresh young - "
"Allo, allo," said a voice. "What have we here? Bill Henry Mullins, what ave you found - a stray lad again? Tut tut - what is it about you, Bill, that brings these vagrant children to you? Can’t they see what a kind of man you are? Or is it just that you pretend you aint?" 
I looked up. Two constables stood there in navy blue uniforms and hats that bore the shield of the Royal Marine Police, an official body I had never heard of. The one who had been talking tapped Bill ever-so-gently on the arm with his truncheon. 
Bill Henry Mullins immediately let go of my arm and stepped back, growling softly through his teeth like a rabid dog, and the constable grabbed me and pulled me away from him rather roughly. 
I didn't mind his roughness at all. I felt completely safe in the company of these dockyard authorities, no matter that they had wrenched my arm half out of its socket.
The constable eyed Bill Henry Mullins and said to me, "Lucky escape you had, lad. He's not a very nice person, that Bill, not the sort any young men ought to be associatin' with. Come on, you're comin’ down to the station - we've got to find your parents or guardians, or whoever it is that's supposed to be lookin' after you. And you should be in school anyhow... Bill, just you keep in mind that we're watchin' you. You just keep that in mind."
"It's an abuse of my rights to freedom of association," growled Bill Henry Mullins as the policemen dragged their completely willing captive away, that is, me.
We were at the police station in less than ten minutes. 
They sat me down and one of the bobbies gave me a cup of tea and a biscuit. They let me eat the biscuit before they asked me any questions. 
Seeing how quickly and hungrily I ate, the other said, "You ‘ad any breakfast, lad?" I said, "no," so he popped out for a minute and came back with a bag of roasted chestnuts. 
I wolfed them down gratefully.
"Now," said the first one, "We need to find out where you really belong. Where do you live?"
I had to think fast. I couldn't remember any address - but strangely enough I did have a memory of visiting a piano manufacturer in Robert street. He had shown us the pianos and given us morning tea, and he showed us how we could see the top of the Crystal Palace from his window, on the upper floor of the shop. It was only a fragment, like a single tiny piece of an enormous jigsaw puzzle, but that was the best I could do. 
That would have to do.
If I couldn't tell them any address, I was sure they would send me to the madhouse, or some sort of reformatory for boys.
"Robert Street," I said. "My father makes pianos. Ummm... Thirty Robert Street." 
They looked at each other. "I don't think I know Robert Street. Where is it then? Is it in London?" 
"Near Hyde Park," I said. "You can see the roof of the Crystal Palace from... father's drawing room window."
They looked at each other again. "You could, could you? Tall building, is it? Very old?"
"No, it's not very tall." I was starting to get a bad feeling about their reactions. The conversation was not proceeding quite how I had expected.
"So you can see all the way to South London and it's not very tall?" 
"Oh, no," I said, "Only to Hyde Park, where the Crystal Palace is."
"Oh," said the other constable. "So they moved the Crystal Palace to Hyde Park did they? Funny thing I didn't notice them doing that. And my grandpappy lives just up the road from Anerley."
"Oh no, it's still in Hyde Park where it always was."
They looked at each other again, and the nice one, the one who had brought me the chestnuts and the cup of tea said in a kindly, rather condescending tone of voice, "Yes, of course it is, lad. Hmmph. Well it was there once, in Hyde Park, weren't it? In the year of the Royal Exhibition? The Crystal Palace. Been reading some old books have we, boy?" He tousled my hair, as though I was some sort of street scamp telling tall tales.
The other one shook his head and said, "There ain't no Robert Street anywhere near Hyde Park. I was on the Westminster beat for three years, mark you, I know those streets better than the back of my hand. There ain't no Robert Street. Try again lad, and the truth this time. Don't take us for fools, now - we've ‘ad to get information out of hardened criminals before and I ‘ardly think you could qualify as one o' them just yet."
I looked at them warily and decided not to say anything. The more that I revealed my ignorance of this modern age, the more likely they were to take me to the place I did not want to go to. 
Bedlam. 
The madhouse loomed in my thoughts; once incarcerated, how could I ever hope to prove myself sane?
They waited for me to speak, but I said nothing, so the nice one said, "Come on, lad - after we've given you breakfast and been so good to you as to give you a cuppa tea, don't clam up on us - the truth will do as well as anything else you might think to come up with." 
But the truth wouldn’t do; it really wouldn't do. 
“What do you think?” said the nasty one. “Has ‘e committed some dreadful crime? Has ‘e taken a knife to a feller or strangled someone?” 
“Doesn’t look the sort,” said the nice one. “Mind you, they often don’t, do they?” 
Thinking this line of questioning had gone far enough, I confessed, “I can’t remember where I’m from,” which was true enough. “Everything seems different and wrong, and whatever memories I come up with don’t seem to fit.” I thought that was vague enough to avoid them carting me off like a madman, but that proved to be an erroneous belief. 
“Might need a doctor’s opinion on this one,” said the nice one, raising his eyebrows. 
“I know what sort of doctor you mean. Might have to cart him off to Bedlam, you mean,” said the nastier of the two constables, chuckling and flicking his fingers past his temple as if to imply loose hinges or something of the sort. That was how I knew that I had completely failed to avoid what I feared. 
I leapt up to sprint away but they were too quick for me. I found myself held securely by the arm by the nice policeman, with the other standing over me and staring at me as though I was a puzzle to be worked out, rather than a living person. 
“Well - trying to do a runner! Maybe you were right - he certainly seems to know what’s in for ‘im. We’ll put him in one of the cells until the clinical workers can get here.” 
They hauled me up a narrow set of stairs, through a barred gate and into a chilly bricked cell with iron bars. The door clanged shut. The place stank of urine and vomit and there were faeces floating at the top of the toilet bowl in the corner.
I lay there on the hard, cold bunk-bed, trying not to breathe too hard, fearing the unhealthy fumes from the toilet bowl. 
I decided to work out what I might have done differently in case I ever had another chance to escape, but I could think of nothing that I would have changed about what I did. Every step of my first escape and subsequent capture was as inevitable and logical as the fact that day follows night. 
The cell was a dark and depressing place and I had begun to think that I had reached a dead end. I was doomed to spend the rest of my life in a mental asylum, for I could never imagine my memories returning. I found myself saying, “Üdvé, help me,” and I dimly knew that these names were the names by which I knew the Creator, the Highest King who had made all of the universes. But I also knew, somehow, that those names did not belong to Him in this world.
The hours passed incredibly slowly. The slowness of time in that place seemed to be maliciously designed to torment me. Gradually darkness began to close in on me, like a trapdoor slowly being shut, and at some point I wept. 
In the midst of these melancholy thoughts I heard footsteps and an efficient female voice saying, “Ja, it could well be Amnesia.” 
“That’s wonderful, Doctor, I just knew we did the right thing by calling you in.” 
The nice constable appeared, accompanied by a woman wearing a suit, a man’s suit. What a travesty! This female Doctor looked just as efficient as her voice sounded, with grey hair tied up into a tight bun, horn-rimmed glasses, wearing the type of grey and white suit that a man would wear, complete with a drab grey and white striped tie!
There was a silver fountain pen in her pocket and she wore no jewellery. 
My first thought when I saw her was that her dress and demeanour was most uncharacteristic of this realm - but then I suddenly wondered what the thought meant - what realm? What could that thought possibly mean? To what was I comparing it?
The woman said, “So this is... ze patient?” She spoke with a slight German accent that wasn’t terribly noticeable after a while.
“Yes, Doctor,” said the constable. “He remembers nothing about where ‘e’s come from, who ‘e is. And he’s extremely confused about the... pattern of streets in London, Ma’am - he seems to have the places where things are, completely confused in his mind.” 
“He does not remember; retrograde Amnesia!” She reached through the bars and placed a hand that felt like a cold, limp fish on my forehead - I flinched away. 
Then she brought a small lamp out from her briefcase. I had never seen such a thing - it was a cylindrical object, made of shiny silver metal, with a bright light that shone out from the end of it when she pressed a button on top of the thing, like a magic wand. She waved the lamplight in my eyes. “Hmmm. No sign of concussion. Tell me, pup, did you receive a knock on the head?” 
I was insulted by the impersonal tone she used when she was talking to me, and I certainly didn’t like being called ‘pup’ by someone I didn’t know. I said, “I have a name, you know.” 
“And that name is?...”
For the life of me I couldn’t remember, so I stayed sullenly silent and stared at her, waiting for her to do or say something.
She waved the torch in my eyes again and then turned to the constable and whispered, soft enough that I think she thought I wouldn’t be able to hear them talking, “Yes, officer, it certainly resembles amnesia - but the great question is, what caused this ailment? Is it physical - a brain injury - but there are no signs - there should be an injury to the head or a fever or some sort of outward symptom - or is it psychological - a disease of the mind - an illness of the psyche - the soul of the boy? Yes, that appears to be ze case. It seems to be a disease of the mind. But zere is one problem - we don’t have any spare beds in the hospital.” 
The constable looked worried. “Well, what are we going to do with ‘im? ‘E can’t stay ‘ere, can ‘e?” 
“I have space at my consulting rooms - a spare room, with a bed - he can stay there for a few days, officer, until we have a spare bed at Bedlam.” 
“He’ll do a runner, Miss - ah - Doctor - first chance ‘e gets. He’ll abscond. He needs to be locked up, I’m tellin’ you, ‘e’s a crafty little feller...” I felt very let down. The nice constable wasn’t really so nice after all. 
“It’s secure, officer - don’t be concerned - the windows have bars on them, locks on the doors. And I have a butler - you see, my consulting rooms are attached to my house - he can cook meals for the patient. I will, however, need your assistance in taking him to my house, if you would be so kind.”
So my life was arranged for me. 
I was bundled into the police wagon unceremoniously. 
The driver headed north.
I didn’t recognise most of the streets, but I did recognise that we were on Marylebone road. We were going north again, a short way, and we were outside a small, neat house, with a modest garden and a plaque at the front. “Doctor Melanie...” something or other. I didn’t have a chance to read any more before I was bundled through the front door. 
I screamed and shouted, I struggled and kicked and put every ounce of effort I had into escaping, but the two constables were too strong. Each of them held an arm and a leg; I could barely move. They forced me to walk into the house and threw me into a small room. I somersaulted on the floor and turned around swiftly to face the door, only to see it being locked from the outside.
The nice constable’s voice sounded muffled through the door. 
“Blimey, these mad ones is strong aint they?” 
And that was it. 
I found that I was in a small room with no fixtures apart from the bed and the bedsheets. There was a lamp in the ceiling, too high for me to reach even if I stood on the bed. I tried banging the window but the glass seemed terribly strong, and would not break, not that it would have helped anyhow, for there were bars on the outside of the window. 
There were no curtains, no bedside table or desk, just bare walls with no adornments.
I saw the constables leaving and I despaired even more than I had in the gaol cell. 
There was nothing to do in there, it was an utterly hopeless place. 
I was at my lowest ebb. 
They thought me insane, and I could hardly think but that they might be right. 
My thoughts began to whirl - if you have ever been in such a situation, though I doubt that you have - but if you have ever been in such a situation you will know exactly what I mean. 
Fear took hold of me and I felt as though my mind, my soul, my very self, was disintegrating, falling into pieces. I sat on the floor, too shocked even to weep, and strange sounds were coming out of my mouth. Sounds in another language. A made-up language, a language that sounded like no language anyone had ever heard of in the whole world. 
I believed I was saying, “What has happened to me? What has happened to me? What am I going to do?” 
But the sound coming out of my mouth was, “Ïag hvað bij fkrkemnæ to mir hvað pahæmnæ ïag? Ïag hvað bij fkrkemnæ to mir hvað pahæmnæ ïag?” 
Meaningless sounds, strange words in an unknown tongue. 
This shocked me more than anything and I wondered if they were right to think me insane.
Suddenly the door opened and the Doctor rushed in, accompanied by a man that I assumed was her butler. Before I could even think of running away the butler had closed the door. 
She lifted her fist as though she was an athlete who had just won the race, and I flinched away, but she cried out, “Ah! Verbalisation - glossolalié - expressing an internal emotional turmoil - tell me now, pup, what it is that you are thinking about? What is going through your head? Free association - this is what we need now!” 
The butler leaned down and grabbed my arm in a grip at once so forceful and sudden that I gasped, and stuck a hypodermic needle into it - at that time I had no idea what such a thing was, nor what it might be called - I only knew that a sharp pain had hurt my arm and I cried out in a loud voice. Suddenly I began to feel different - drowsy, calmer - yet strangely unsettled. In some small corner of my mind I knew that I was drugged and it terrified me. Yet I no longer wished to run - I felt as though I had to put my energy elsewhere - I didn’t know where. 
The Doctor unlocked the door.
“Bring him into my office.” 
The butler hauled me up onto my feet and then dragged me out of the door, a short way along the hallway and into another room. My feet were not working properly. I was deposited onto her couch like a sack of potatoes, and the Doctor sat at her desk. 
“You think I wish to harm you. But I am going to help you your memories to once more to find. I am here to heal you.”
“Really?” I did not believe her. She did not seem to be a kind, compassionate person - how could someone like her heal me?
“You think I will not be able to help you. But I am a Doctor and I know what is good for you. A game we will play. You will think of anything and just say it - this play - it is just a game. You do not have to be afraid.” 
“Why? What will you do?”
“I will respond and say what I think.”
“I can say anything? Why would I anyhow? Why would I want to? But I feel very relaxed somehow, though, except that I have an urgent feeling that I have to... as though the words just want to... come out, blurt out, burble everywhere. That’s what it is. That’s what I felt like I had to do - just babble on. Bibble bubble babble babble. What have you done to me? What is this? Did you put something in my arm? Something that makes me... want to talk too much. Ah, it’s so frustrating. Talk about... Talk about what?” 
“Anything.” 
“Do you think my memories might come back then?” 
“Let us not place too many demands. We will worry about your memories later. For now, we play this game. Later, your memories.”  
And I told her the first thing that came to my mind. A story, about a boy and a girl, a brother and sister, who found themselves alone in the year of 1851, after their parents died in a house fire. I told her about the funeral of their parents and their bad luck, finding themselves in the house of a grim, strange man, Mister Ravencaw. 
And the lady Doctor said proudly, “Freud was wrong - just as I have always said - children can free-associate.” And she wrote copious notes in a notebook that she had.
 And I told her about a mind-reading wyvern flying away from a burning house with Mister Ravencaw in its claws, but now the two children were sad. They were in a small lighthouse or tower, with a man called Thew-stone, only he wasn’t a man, he was a gnome, or perhaps a duergar. And strange documents. Documents made by a man called Da Vinci, with pictures of griffins and elves and his mirror-written Italian writing.
And the Doctor shook her head as she scribbled in her pad and said, “It is a variegated and finely articulated free-association. It reminds me of the angels and demons of Blake - surely the expression of this infant’s base instincts - it has even more detail than the life everyday. There is a tremendous structure to your phantasy. Ah! The delights of children!”
Then I told her there had been griffins upon the houses of Parliament. And a trip in a dirigible, to Italy, and then to Germany upon the back of a griffin, and then a drunken griffin flying around a weathervane at a tavern.
And an evil Elf, and another mind-reading wyvern.
And the Doctor said, “Wait until I write this up - this will get Melinna’s goat up! Mein Gott, this is marvellous material.” 
I said, “Who is Melinna?” 
“My daughter. Pah - don’t talk about her. She is stuck in the infantile paranoid-schizoid position. She blames me for the death of Jan, her brother.” 
And at that I felt strangely flattered, and I told the Doctor about the other worlds. Worlds of strange mushrooms, splyders. Trogthen. More evil elves, this time carrying swords and wearing armour. Soldier elves. 
And then in my mind’s eye I saw the two children, sitting at table with their parents. Jonathan and Amelia. And I told her about them, their names, that they were human. 
And another child with them, only he wasn’t human. 
He was one of the Trogthen. A troll child. 
“A fascinating phantasy,” said the Doctor. “Completely original. If he was an author he would win the congratulations of the critics for this, if anyone ever took the time to read such a bizarre story, which of course they wouldn’t. A. Completely. Fascinating. Phantasy.” 
And in that moment my whole being rose up in rebellion against her, against her attitude, her arrogance, her pride, her obnoxious, insidious coldness. 
I realised in that moment that she was completely wrong about everything. 
I stood up and grabbed the desk and shouted at her.
“This is no fantasy - it was real, I tell you! Real! Real! Real!” 
Her arm twitched beneath the desk. 
I heard a strange, distant buzzing sound and thought there was something wrong with my hearing - I had heard of tinnitus before - so I banged the side of my head with my hand, but the sound was still there.
The Doctor whispered to herself, “He tries to dislodge the violent thoughts! Quickly, quickly, guards!”
And I thought of Jonathan and Amelia again, and realised that I was losing concentration for some reason. 
I shouted even louder, perhaps to keep my mind from losing the point: “My story is real!”
She shook her head with tight lips and peered out at me through suspicious, narrowed eyes, then her face suddenly became a terrible mask, and she smiled calmly at me and opened her eyes wider. 
An act - I knew it was an act. 
“Calm down. Calm down. Everything is alright. Do not worry - yes - your story is real. Indeed, pup - it is very real to you. It is your reality - I know this. It is the expression of your primary reality - your Weltenschauung. This phant - this reality - of yours.” 
She was lying, she was just telling me this to reassure me, to shut me up. It made me doubt myself again. 
“How do I know it was real? How do I know it wasn’t a dream? And if it was a dream, if it wasn’t real, then how do I know what is real? How can I trust any of my memories?” 
“It is your reality. That is what is important. You must find the reality of the will to life - Eros - deep inside yourself, and then you will know what is real.”
I put my head in my hands and gave a strange, strangled cry, and at that moment the butler came in. 
“Thank God,” said the Doctor. “Thank goodness you are here. He was gesturing violently, and then expressing some sort of physical tic with his head, a meaningless twitch, banging his ear with his hand. It was terribly disturbing. This one has many problems, I tell you. Many problems - he will not get better until he learns to control his manic impulses.” 
The butler grabbed my arm and pricked it with another needle. I felt the world receding into a peculiar rotating haze, and then everything went blank. 
I don’t know how much later it was that I woke up in the room again, but it seemed as though it was only moments later. My right wrist had been tied to the bed with some sort of flexible material, rubber perhaps. A warm plate of food was sitting on the floor, and it was dark outside the window. 
The ceiling lamp was on. 
I looked at the plate. Upon it was a piece of chicken pie, some potatoes, and a small pile of peas. 
I could just reach the plate with my left hand. There was a spoon on it.
I ate the meal hungrily, and it tasted amazingly good. 
Not long afterwards the door opened again and the Doctor came in. Her butler came in after her with a chair. She sat down by the bed and the butler retired. 
The Doctor pierced my will with her intense gaze, and I looked away. 
“Nothing is to be gained by struggling against this,” she said, and grabbed my arm. Her fingers felt bony and cold, like the hands of a skeleton, the hands of death, free from all emotion. 
She said in a low, threatening tone, “Tell me about the elves. This is the key, I believe.” 
And for some reason, a crowd of facts chose that moment to tumble into my mind, as though some sort of mental wall had fallen down on the other side of which they had been waiting to fall in.
The elves come from another world, a world they had ruined. Long ago they chopped down all the trees and poured a sulphurous fume into the air, poisonous smoke, that had darkened the sun, and now they must live on fungii and lichen and insects and crawling things that grow in dark places. 
The only forest in that world exists in a country ruled by a strange despot, a god outcast from our world and theirs, who is known in our world as the Trickster. This forest alone in their world exists still, but the rest of their world is ruined, and they must live in it.
They wanted this world - the world of Ing-Gland and London and Germanischia and Afrique- they desired this whole realm - so that they might have a beautiful place to live again, trees and plants and animals and oceans and birds and fish. 
This is why they were seeking a way to cross the branches of the World-Tree. 
That is why they were trying to come to this world. 
But the common people in that world did not desire this war. 
And now there a new ruler in the elf-world - an evil Necromancer - a wizard, who would make all the minds talk to one another, and he had swindled them all into following him.
The Doctor leaned forward, so close to my face that I could smell tobacco on her breath. 
“You want to kill the elves - do you not? You feel aggressive towards them... A dark impulse stirs within you of hatred, aggression, and envy. But conflicting with this you have an instinct towards life - towards love.” 
For some reason I was beginning to get caught up in her strange rationalisations.
“Yes,” I cried out, “That’s it! I can feel the two halves fighting inside me. It makes me feel ill.” 
The Doctor pursed her lips and tapped the index fingers of both hands together beneath her chin and said,  “This instinct towards love is what brought you out of the other world, into the real world. This instinct towards life - towards the acceptance of the conflicting realities and the wholeness of life. All are a mixture of threat and support to your existence, your id. Your ego must come to this understanding. No one is wholly evil, no one is wholly good. No thing in this world is wholly evil, no thing is wholly good.” 
I cried out, “The gnomes and the elves. No one is completely evil - you’re right. There are good gnomes, good elves. And evil ones. Some are both good and evil. There are even good trolls - Trogthen... Although they do like to eat people. But that can’t be true, can it? Or can it?” I was grabbing her lapels - she shook me off as though I was a troublesome insect. 
Then she grabbed my arm with her skeletal hand and fixed me with her gaze and I could not help but believe every word she was saying. “Indeed - you are applying this wisdom to the projections of your phantasy. Now all that remains is for you to bring this wisdom - the knowledge of the ambivalence and ambiguity of life - out of the world only you experience and into the real world - I mean the world we all inhabit and experience. This world that we share - not the world that exists only in your phantasies.” 
The door opened and the butler came in. “Doctor - the policemen are here.” 
“Who?” 
“The policemen who brought him here. The two Constables.” 
“What do they want?” 
“They wish to speak to you.” 
“Tell them I am in the middle of an important consultation and cannot be disturbed. I am making great progress, and this is a tremendously interesting case! Indeed, this case is vital - this infant’s psyche proves everything I have been positing in my writings! Tell them to make an appointment.” 
He went away. 
“Now tell me about these trolls - these Trogthen.” 
I was about to begin talking about them when the butler returned. 
“I’m sorry, Doctor. The policemen won’t go away. They say it’s urgent.” 
“Damn.” 
She got up and left, but the door was left ajar. 
I heard them talking - I couldn’t hear everything - just a few words. 
“- no room in Bedlam -”
“-orders from above, Miss-”
“-what do you mean, Orders?-” 
“-Ten Downing Street- unique - some sort of reality-”
“I will not allow this child to be taken unless I know the reason... I have a duty to treat him.” 
“It’s above our level, Miss. Most Secret. We aren’t allowed to know the reason. If you wish to know you must take it up with-” 
At this moment I noticed that the piece of rubber tied to my arm was somewhat loose - I pulled on it as hard as I could and it broke away! I leapt up and off the bed, tearing my bonds away, and ran as quickly as I could, out through the door and down through the corridor. 
The back door of the house was open! I leapt through it and fell down the stairs. The policemen were crying aloud through the house, “Oy! Hi! Oh! Stop there! Hi! Stop it! Get back here!” 
I ran to the wall of the backyard and began frantically trying to climb, but it was too smooth and high. I found a vine and pulled on it, and pulled myself upwards. It held! I hauled myself to the top and my chest and both of my arms were over it. I leaned upwards and pulled myself up, but then I felt a very strong grip on my ankle. 
I shook my ankle and kicked, and felt a crunch. I looked down - I had kicked the nasty Constable in the nose. Another hand gripped my ankle and the nice Constable’s voice said, “Not so fast, laddy.” 
He dragged me down from the wall, still kicking and struggling, and I found myself lying on the ground, being handcuffed. 
I am ashamed to say that I sobbed as they took me back into the house. 
“Please, please, don’t make me go back into the room. Don’t make me go back there.” 
The nasty Constable said, in a surprisingly kind tone of voice, “Don’t worry. You’re comin’ back to your cell.” 
“Thankyou, thankyou.” I wept again, with relief. 
I saw the look they gave each other. 
Soon enough I was back in the gaol cell, looking at the dark walls, wondering if this was any better, and knowing that it was.
At the very moment when I had almost given up on any help, when my courage was at its lowest ebb, the gate to the second floor at the top of the stairs opened and the two policemen brought a man through. He stood in the shadows so that I could not see his face.
“So is this your nephew, sir?”
“Yes indeed. I am afraid Richard is slightly mentally deficient in his faculties - indeed, he suffers from a slight medical condition that affects his memory somewhat. It was a birth deformity of the brain, you see.” 
I was about to protest, but I suddenly realised that I did not know if anything he was saying was true. How would I know, if it was? 
Or perhaps the Doctor was right. Perhaps I was insane. Perhaps all of this was happening in my imagination.
The man continued, “He is as fine as fiddlesticks most of the time, but when he has one of his turns he’s like a duck out of the nest; he gets up and forgets who he is and where he is and wanders away. I’ve given you the koinophone number of his doctor - if you doubt my word he will confirm it. Never mind about the late hour - Doctor Weiss is prepared to receive calls at any time of day or night if the boy goes missing. This isn’t the first time this has happened I’m afraid. He is quite a crafty little scamp, at that, a veritable imp.” 
The man stepped into the light. 
I gasped. 
It was the very fellow who had rescued me from being run over by the motorcars and given me breakfast the previous day! (Or was it the day before that? My sense of time was by now completely unsettled.)
“You’re happy to go with your uncle, are you? He’s your guardian; nothin’ untoward?” asked the nice policeman. I knew very well that he was not my uncle, whatever else I might not remember, for he had said nothing of the fact the day before. 
“So it’s alright, you’ll go with him?” repeated the policeman, so gently that I regretted that I was about to lie to him. 
I said, “Yes, it’s fine. He’s my uncle.” What else could I say? 
Interloup Four - Finding Food.
Wolf Lady.
Finding food had been her worst problem. 
Alright, a Welfing can eat fish for a week or two - and that is alright for a time - but she had been eating fish for more than three months now. She was starting to smell like a fish. Or a lot of fish, really. 
For someone with a sense of smell like hers that was a grievous problem indeed. 
For her, the sense of smell was a positively symphonic experience. She could distinguish individually all twelve species of fish that she had been eating. She could smell cod on her breath, salmon oozing from her pores, haddock in her clothes, the smell of sardines on her paws, and the scent of mackeral on things that she touched with her left forepaw. 
At least twelve species in all. 
And not only that - she had been starting to feel ill. Whether it was merely the disgusting smell, or a real health problem she wasn’t sure - she knew Mercury contamination could be a problem with seafood in this terrible realm - whatever it was, she only knew that she had to have red meat, fruit and vegetables. 
She simply couldn’t continue on like this.
Once or twice she had made foraying expeditions to the greengrocer and the butcher in the markets in the town, but the problem was that she didn’t have much money. Or any money, now. She had spent every last penny she had, from the gold she had brought from the Trogthen Realm - she had taken it to a pawnshop in a seedier part of the town, late at night. 
 She didn’t want to steal - but a wolf had to eat, didn’t she?
It was then that she began to wonder where the meat came from that the butcher was selling. It would be one thing to rob the butcher, who was right in the middle of town - to find a farm where the meat came from, or an abatoir - that would be better! Where there was so much meat, who would miss one lamb? One single sheep that showed signs of having been killed by a wolf? 
She had hidden in a dark alley watching the back of the butcher’s shop, waiting for the deliveries for three whole days. The boredom of it cannot be imagined by anyone who has not endured such a wait. 
The delivery truck eventually arrived. She marvelled - when the back of the truck opened, the hiss of pressurised air being released sounded followed by the release of a cold fog. The meat had been refrigerated. They might be savage, these humans, but they were smart with it, she had to admit that. 
She folded her clothes neatly and hid them down at the end of the alleyway then went four-legs after the truck; she could run much faster like that. After making another delivery the truck followed almost the same route that she had taken to reach the butcher - back to the docks - and bumped along to the place where the meat was loaded onto the truck. 
She watched from the shadows. The truck was backing up a roadway, but she couldn’t see what was at the end of it. 
She moved forwards a little, and it came into view. A wonderful thing. 
It seemed like a gift, really. The Alpha of Alphas really was watching over her, after all. She had almost doubted it - that was the effect of this strange world.
A five-story high steam-ship stood there, and the whole thing was chock full of refrigerated meat. 
At last, now, there was a place where she could get some proper protein! 
The crew of the ship would surely eat from their own stocks - and they were stupid humans - they wouldn’t miss the small amount she would be taking, she was certain of that... 
Interloup Five - A Ride in a Taxi-Cab.
The Amnesiac Young Man.
And so it was that I found myself bumping along on the leather-covered rear seat of a horseless London taxi-cab in a moonless night, seated next to the man from whom I had fled the day before, without gleaning a glimpse of either his hidden motives or overt reasons for wanting me to come with him. 
My heart was beating harder the drums in a military pipe band and I felt nervous, but I forced myself to calm down. I had to think rationally.
We were travelling alongside the dockyards and in no time at all we were crossing over the Tower Bridge. There were lights everywhere, just like the streetlights I had seen before. London now had many tall buildings. 
Soon we were heading along a narrow street with tall brick buildings in either side that I presumed were shops and taverns, although it was hard to tell in the dark. 
We passed a church. 
I looked up at the man. 
He was young looking, but his hair was greying at the temples. He had pleasant features and wore an expression that betokened good will - but I reflected on the fact that Mr. Ravencaw's features had resembled a skull and his habitual expression had indicated a character as evil and irredeemable as the lowest criminal, and yet he had actually been a very kind person - could someone with a pleasant, inviting face like this young man be the reverse? 
The man at the docks with the pleasant face had certainly proven untrustworthy. 
It wasn't worth taking any chances. At the moment I was in his power - but that situation must change, I said to myself.
I steeled my resolve and conceived a plan. 
The cab at the moment was bouncing along at a fair pace through the narrow streets, so I could not imagine leaping out now. All my bones would be broken as I was flung into the front of a shop or the brick wall of a tavern like a bag of rotten tomatoes being chucked at the rubbish pile.
Staring out through the front window of the cab over the shoulder of the driver I could see a very busy intersection in the road ahead with bright, unnatural lights, signals to tell the drivers to stop or go according to the colour of the light that was currently illuminated. The red light apparently carried the meaning, 'stop,' and the green light, 'go.' When the taxi-cab put on its brakes for these lights I would leap out and run away! 
The taxi-cab weaved in and out of the other carriages, and slowly the intersection approached. 
Illuminated by the streetlamps was a large, well-lit tavern looming over the traffic lights, its upper windows, lamp-like eyes looking down, like a brick giant obsessed with the strange behaviour of the busy ants below.
What is strange, is the fact that when you are waiting for something, time seems to go slower. 
I was waiting for the opportunity to escape.
The journey seemed exaggeratedly slow, and getting slower. 
Time was dragging his feet. 
I became aware of every bump and jiggle of the taxi-cab as though I had suddenly been struck with sympathy for the inanimate machine's tribulations as it carried us onwards stoically over the pitted roadway. 
I saw every solitary person walking through the darkness, with the life experience writ in shadows on the face, trial and tribulation or ease and insouciance, though surely it was a fraction of a second, a moment. 
I reflected that in the terrible wait for an opportunity to escape my subjective experience of time had been stretched, elongated, like a rope being pulled at both ends.
Then suddenly my chance came. The taxi-cab pulled to a screeching halt as though an anchor had been thrown down and had pierced the very road-metal. Trying my best not to make my actions too obvious, I reached over to the door knob and turned it, but nothing happened.
I tried it again; still with no effect. I gripped the doorknob with both hands and twisted it with all my might but the stubborn thing would not turn!
I twisted my head and saw the man watching me with a single raised eyebrow. 
I said, "I was just testing the door mechanism... In case we need to get out quickly. After all, with these newfangled mechanisms, spewing out smoke from their steam engines, I expect that there is the danger of fire." 
His eyebrow left its moorings and lurched upwards of its own volition, and he said, "Indeed - though it happens far less often than you might suppose. And the engine is indeed a steam engine - it is what is known as a steam-motivated internal oxidation engine - an Austin 12/4 engine, I believe. Essentially this vehicle runs on a series of tiny boiler explosions - each one propelling the wheels forward a tiny amount - there are thousands of such explosions every second - as though a tiny rocket explodes forwards and pushes the driveshaft forward every subsequent moment. But the condensation and evaporation cycle is powered by diesel and not by the burning of wood."
"Oh," I said, suddenly speechless. I hadn’t understood a single word he said. 
The traffic lights changed and we bumped off again, soon reaching a terrific pace. We were heading south.
"But I strongly suspect your safety perturbations were centred around me rather than this vehicle. Look," he said, reaching over my shoulder and flicking a tiny lever on the door, "That is the lock. You will find that the door handle will work now, however I would not be leaping out at this speed if I were you. It may seem slow, but we are traveling at fifteen miles per hour at least, and you may find that you end up with more than a few ruptured bones if you leap out while we’re at this speed."
"What if I jump out when we stop at the next of those red light signals?"
"I will not attempt to stop you. But I will tell you this: an adventure awaits you, and if you leap out of the taxi you will never know, indeed, you will wonder for the rest of your life, what that adventure might have been."
I thought to myself that Mr. Ravencaw would surely think less of someone who was not brave enough to stay, even if only out of curiosity to see what type of adventure this man might be talking about. And then I made the mistake of wondering how I was able to remember this Mr. Ravencaw when the rest of my memories had fled, and suddenly the entire recollection was gone. All my thoughts even remotely associated with that remembrance descended into gibberish worthy of the treatment the Doctor might have given me.
If I was not mistaken we were in Southwark, and the tavern I had seen was the Elephant and Castles. The Bedlam asylum was north of that intersection. A sense of relief filled me. He was not taking me to Bedlam.
I decided to trust the young man, at least for now.
Within five minutes we were completely out of South London and still heading south, and the crowded buildings had turned to what I presumed were trees and open fields. The roads were clearer and the journey through the darkness continued unobstructed. The bumping of the taxi on the road seemed to lull me, great weariness covered me and despite my best efforts to remain conscious, I fell asleep. 
I woke up again with the flickering light of the car’s headlamps shining irritatingly. I forced myself awake.
 The taxi was slowing down. The headlamps were shining onto the back of a large wagon, being pulled extremely slowly by an even larger dray-horse. I looked at the door handle and thought about jumping out, but I didn't.
Soon we were speeding along again so quickly that the light of the headlamps on trees at the side of the road became a blur. 
I said, "Where are we going?" 
"I was wondering when you would ask that. We are on our way to Bedlam, the hospital for the insane, believe it not or do believe, it’s up to you."
The shock of this information silenced me completely.
"What's wrong, lad?" the man asked me.
I said, "Bedlam is in Southwark." 
"Oh, they moved it a few years ago to Monks Orchard near Eden Park. The one at St George's got rather full, you see - London is a large place these days. The number of insane seems to be a certain proportion of the population, so I suppose it's not surprising that they need a larger asylum when the population increases..."
Interloup Six - Finding Fuel For the Steam Submarine.
Wolf Lady.
She wished Madgwint was still here - she hadn’t appreciated the ways that the griffin had made her life easier when he had still been around. He had gone hunting from time to time - well, Madgwint had called it hunting, but for all she knew he was simply stealing sheep from farms - but it had made things easier for her.
She had solved the problem of food for now, by stealing the refrigerated meat - well she preferred to think of it as borrowing, albeit slightly permanently - but she also had other problems.
One of those problems was fuel. The submarine used a lot of it - and not just for the engines, either - simply keeping the ventilation and the refrigerated storage systems going used an awful amount of fuel, and she had no choice - she had to keep those parts of the engine going. 
The fuel reserves really were getting dangerously low. 
Originally the submarine engine had been designed for wood fuel, for it was a steam engine, but she had had the boilers adapted for diesel, petrol, anything combustible at hand, really. But if she couldn’t find any fuel in the next few days, things would be looking very bleak.
Oh, things were so bleak - if she could only get the Ætheric Detector she could go home - but even for that she would need fuel.
She had to find fuel - well, really, let’s face it, she had to steal it. “Alpha of Alphas, you understand, don’t you? It’s not as if I could get a job in this world, is it?” She didn’t like stealing, but what could one do? It’s not as though she had any alternative. 
It was still wrong though. 
Still, they weren’t Welfing, so it wasn’t as though she was stealing from a person. 
She kept her eyes open for fuel every time she went out to get more food, and her efforts were finally rewarded on one dark, overcast night, early in the morning when the moon, a thin sliver in the heavens, peeped out once between the clouds on the horizon then seemed to have disappeared completely. 
She had been on the way along the dock to the refrigerated ship to get another carcass when she had noticed a refueling bowser for small boats. It was in a relatively quiet place - there seemed to be few humans nearby, at least, not at this time of night. 
It was ideal!
The following night, in the darkness sometime after midnight when the crescent moon not yet risen, she navigated the steam submarine under the waters of the docks, between the other ships, and emerged in the water as close as she could get to the refueling station. 
She dragged the hose from the bowser over to her ship - and it reached, only just, but then there was another problem - the nozzle didn’t quite fit. 
The type of fuel didn’t matter for the steam submarine - she could use diesel, petroleum, any kind of oil, really - anything that would burn. But what a nuisance! This nozzle had a larger diameter than the hole on her hull. Clearly the bowser was an old one - it predated the current, rather recent, standards for fuel nozzles in this backward place.  
This stupid world - everything went wrong here all the time. These humans, they just weren’t logical. You would think, considering the current prevalence of diesel and petroleum as fuels that they would create and maintain nozzle standards right from the start - it would have made life easier for everyone - but they just hadn’t done it, had they? Typical! Typical of these stupid humans. Typical of this broken, bent world, where things just didn’t work, and everything went wrong, whenever and wherever it could. 
Incompetent, stupid humans. 
She got out her toolbox and removed the panel on the outside of the submarine where the fuel tank was. She disconnected the panel from the fuel tank, and found that the nozzle would just fit into the actual hole in the fuel tank where the fuel was supposed to go. 
Then she noticed there wasn’t even a button on the nozzle - it was necessary to pump from the bowser - and if she did that she couldn’t hold the nozzle! Auughhh! Stupid, stupid humans! She quickly found a clamp in the toolbox and clamped the nozzle onto the fuel tank. She went over and started pumping the tank. 
And that was the next problem. It really was very, very, very noisy. It made a huge clattering, clunking sound as it pumped, like a train rattling atop the train-tracks on a metal bridge; it was made doubly worse by the silence of the docks and the echoes caused by all the buildings with their hard brick walls, facing one another over an expanse of concrete and asphalt. 
She looked around nervously. This was taking much, much longer than she would like. 
The dark shadows around her would have disconcerted her too, had she not been a wolf, had she been a weak-eyed human. But she could see that there was no one there, not yet, no one had heard, yet. 
But did that help? Of course it didn’t. That was the way of things here. There were so many buildings, windows, so many places a human could watch her from, places that they could hide where she couldn’t see them watching her. 
But so far nothing had happened - nobody had jumped out of a doorway or shouted ‘stop, thief,’ or any of the other inanities she had had to endure from them when they had caught her thieving in the past. 
She felt furtive - hoped the Alpha of Alphas understood. He is forgiving. 
She finished putting the last few drops of diesel into the fuel tank, undid the clamp holding the nozzle, refit the fuel tank panel on the side of the submarine, and replaced the nozzle in the bowser. 
Suddenly she jumped, startled - she had heard a sound, coming from the shadows of one of the dockyard buildings, a low groan or moan. Leave it, don’t check it, you don’t want to get involved, she told herself, but curiosity got the better of her. 
She crept over to where the sound appeared to have come from, the shadow of a brick archway. 
A human was lying on the ground, injured. 
Leave him be, it’s none of your business! She turned around to go, but some inner sense of decency wouldn’t let her. 
She examined the victim. There was a lot of blood. His eyes were closed. She could get him into the submarine and treat his wounds, but beyond that...
She lifted him and carried him over the dock to the submarine. She clawed her way down the Conning Tower, struggling to hold onto him. She was strong, stronger than any human man, but this fellow was very, very heavy. 
She managed to get him down to the corridor and laid him out on the floor. Quickly she went and got her medical kit, a bucket of warm water, a knife and a blanket. She rolled him onto the blanket and took the knife, cut away his clothes where the wounds were, and washed the wounds then bound them in bandages.
They appeared to be knife wounds.
Once she was certain she had done all she could, she went up to the radio room and tapped a message into the telegraph wires. “found injured man at canning dock near customs house - send help” 
The reply came soon. “sending ambulance. who is this?” 
She sent her reply, “they will find him in the third archway, beneath the windows on the western side.” Of course she would not say who it was sending the message - they didn’t need to know. 
She picked him up and clambered back up the Conning Tower ladder with the man slung over her shoulder. He still hadn’t opened his eyes, but he groaned again, and she climbed quicker. Puffing with the effort by now, she carried him over the jetty to the other dock and carefully laid him down on the blanket, underneath the third archway where she had told the authorities he would be. 
She sprinted back and quickly leapt back down into the bowels of the submarine, started the engine and navigated away and under the moored ships and the docks and back to the berth to which she had previously been moored, thinking to herself that she hoped she didn’t have to do that too often.
After eating her dinner she went to bed early, exhausted. 
It had been such a tiring, stressful day. 
That night she dreamt that while she was treating the man’s wounds, he waked up and sat up, and looked Zelf in the eye. Suddenly he was stronger and younger, his wounds had disappeared, his beard had turned red as a fox’s pelt, and he bore a short-handled hammer in his right hand. 
He spoke, in trogthen, the language of Ultima Thule. 
“Iag bij trethehønd îl'f 'ülees Thorsdag - ïag bij hamrønd - góðurfafinðanþü. 'E dagurþü mz'e mir uiöleyr 'ümthne 'mne molth'kne ator gen.”
“I am Thursday, servant of the Alpha of Alphas - you are found worthy. On the day you meet me on the second island, trust my word, believe my word on the strength of the Alpha of Alphas, and to the other realm you shall go.” 
Then she woke up. 
She wondered what the dream could possibly mean. 
Had it come from the Alpha of Alphas? 
Was it a prophetic dream? 
Interloup Seven - A Surprise in Bedlam Hospital.
The Amnesiac Young Man.
The taxi-cab entered the grounds of Bedlam hospital through a large wrought iron gate, which had already opened to let us through before we had reached the place. It closed behind us with a clank - I assumed that some sort of mechanism caused this. 
We were driven right up to the main doors. 
A gravely solemn brick and stone monstrosity loomed over us in the darkness, a building with too many chimneys and vacant windows peering outwards suspiciously, as though it saw the world as a hostile, savage place. 
"I don't want to go in there!" I said, wedging myself between the front seat and the dashboard so that he couldn’t drag me out of the car. “I’m not going in!” 
"Alright," he said, apparently not noticing my distress. "Understandable. It's not a nice place. You can stay in the taxi if you want."
I was completely taken aback by this. It seemed as though I really was free to go if I wanted to.
"But... but... but I thought you... Didn't you bring me here to have me put in there? Am I not insane?"
His eyes widened with surprise and a chuckle escaped his lips - he laughed in the most friendly, comforting, innocent way possible and said, "Goodness grievous, no! We are here to pick up somebody, to get him released; one of the inmates, a good man, a man who oughtn't have been incarcerated in the first place - he has long been a friend of mine! We are here not to incarcerate anybody, but to free someone. Lord, no, where on earth did you get that idea? Goodness, no wonder you’ve been clinging to the seat like a monkey. We’re not here to put you into Bedlam. Goodness, grievous, no!" His laugh was so friendly that I laughed as well.
"Really?" I could scarcely believe my ears.
"Come," he said, "Make up your mind. Either stay here in the taxi while I go in and get him, or trust me and come in with me and we’ll get him together. We don't have much time. We have to jump the pistol. Even now our enemies may be on our scent trail and I don't want to give them even the slightest advantage over us." He opened his door and hopped out onto the gravel. 
I turned the door handle - it opened freely. Reasoning that I would rather not be confined to the cab of the taxi, all things being equal, I got out and followed him along the pathway and up the white stone stairs that led into the building. I followed him quite willingly, for at last I had a glimmer of hope - at least one person in this world had been kind to me now. 
Perhaps London really was my home. 
The taxi driver still had the engine running. 
The young man grabbed my arm as we went in. "Don't speak," he said. "Don't say anything. Stay with me." 
The first thing I saw on going in was a man with the hunted expression of a wild beast, and hair sprouting from his face and an ape-like knitted brow, being led into a room by three attendants. 
The young man led me up to the main desk, where a uniformed nurse sat in front of a large book next to several mechanical contraptions covered in buttons and levers whose purpose I could not fathom. He was still holding my arm in a strong, sinewy grip. 
He said to the nurse, "I am here to pick up Zev Solomon."
She frowned and said, "You’re Mr. Evans? You will have to wait until morning, I’m afraid. None of the doctors are here right now. Doctor Haas will be in quite early - there are some patients who do not like to be out of their rooms after dawn, so he psychoanalyses them before that.” 
So we sat there in the waiting room for some time. 
A different nurse was on duty at the main desk when I waked up, and the young man was talking to her. The red glow of dawn was upon the sky outside
“I did not know he was due for release today. I will have to check with Doctor Haas - he’s the doctor on duty this morning, until nine o’clock."
A door slammed shut and I turned around. The attendants had withdrawn and were going back down the corridor. The nurse hurried over to the same door and knocked. It opened several moments later. 
A sharp, efficient male voice said, "Ja?" The German word for yes. 
"Zev Solomon - was he due for release today, Doctor?"
In a German accent the Doctor replied, "Tomorrow. Why?" I couldn’t see the Doctor - he was hidden behind the door.
The nurse said, "The man is here to pick him up now."
"I haven't done the paperwork. Tell him to wait. I'll finish this one and then get into it." 
The nurse turned back to us. 
"Please take a seat over there. Doctor Haas will arrange everything forthwith."
The nurse went back to her seat but she had accidentally left the door to the Doctor's office slightly ajar. Voices were wafting out - neither the young man beside me nor the nurse seemed to notice but I could hear them quite clearly.
The efficient voice of the Doctor spoke first: "You fear the sound of singing - that is what you are to me telling. Cantophobia. An indication that a strong neurosis has a grip on your psyche. Your subconscious expresses your dread of the condemnation of polite, bourgeois society through this aberrant emotion."
The man’s voice was deep and strangely thick, as though the sound had gotten tangled in his facial hair. "And children. I fear children. And I want to eat... People! I think about it all the time. I used to, you know."
"Eat people? Really? Not in this world, did you? You are speaking about the other place. The phantasy. The world that doesn't exist."
"You call it a phantasm. It doesn't exist here, that is what I said. But it is a real place. The Other Place. That is where I ate people." And he gave a sort of snicker that was quite chilling. 
The Doctor snorted as if he didn't believe a word of it. "You must try to remember your real past, your childhood. A memory that you have suppressed because it is too unacceptable for your conscious mind to face up to - that is what has caused this retreat of your consciousness into the phantasy."
The young man beside me sniffed then said under his breath, "Not likely." I looked up at him. I had not imagined that he had been listening - he had hidden it very well. 
The Doctor’s voice continued, "Yonis, I must leave you for a moment to fill the paperwork for the release of another patient. Will you please excuse me?"
The patient muttered in a fury, “Ïag eta ånfash ffatråth bfakihønd rovane!” Words in a different tongue, but I was surprised, and strangely pleased, for I realised that I understood this language - it was a sort of curse, a deprecation. 
He had said, “I have eaten people for less!” 
I knew what he had said! 
How on earth could this be? 
The door opened, and the Doctor turned back inside just as he was about to step out and rebuked the patient, saying, “Now, Yonis, I am very disappointed. This is a childish habit - the other languages making - only infants in the gobbledy-gook have such speaking. I had thought that you had put this habit behind you but I find it is just as bad as it always was. Disappointing.” 
But I had understood Yonis’ words. I knew what they meant. Was I therefore as insane as he was? 
The young man beside me said, “Trogthen.” 
I looked up at him - he was looking down at me with a queer, sour expression, almost one of distaste. I recognised the word from the same language but I did not know the English equivalent. It seemed so very familiar, though...
The Doctor stepped out into the corridor and walked over to the nurse. He looked young, but his hair was greying slightly. 
“Here are the release documents, Doctor,” said the nurse. 
“Thankyou,” he said, and quickly scrawled his signature on the pages indicated, returned to his office and closed the door. 
The nurse pressed a button on the desk and a strange buzz sounded somewhere far away in the labyrinthine corridors. An orderly arrived in a minute and the nurse gave him the release documents. He scuttled down the corridor. 
The nurse said, “You may need to give him a little time to get dressed and get his things together.” 
It was not until half an hour later that the orderly returned, and another orderly with him, and, loping along the corridor between them, the patient: a solid, muscular man with dark hair, a rough-bearded, sunburnt looking complexion and bright, keen eyes, dressed in an old, ragged patched-up suit that seemed ill-suited for him, for I doubted that he could be past forty. 
On seeing Evans and I waiting at the desk the patient visibly straightened up and cast a hand through his hair, as though he had suddenly discovered that he cared about his own appearance. 
“Hello Zev,” said Evans. “It was a devil of a job finding you.” 
“Evans,” said the patient. “So you found me out here, did you?” It was more of a statement than a question. 
“I did. Like looking for a needle in a smokestack. Come along, the taxi is waiting, and I know they’ve been on my trail. We’re all in stuck the same dirigible, here.” 
I said, “Are we going in a dirigible?”
Evans said, “It’s an expression, boy, a figure of speech.”
We walked out through the entrance hall. 
Pointing to me, Zev said, “Who is this lad?” 
“He nearly got away scot expensive, if you’ll forgive the expression - about to leap in front of the traffic and get squashed to smithereens when I found him in the streets of London - can’t remember his own name or anything about himself. But... I think he knows Trogthen, and he was under the misapprehension that Queen Victoria was still in charge when I first found him.”
Zev said, “Do you think he comes from...?” 
“Might be. Or he’s been there, anyway - got all the signs of it. Missing time, other languages... But let’s keep our thoughts about all that to ourselves, for the moment. Our enemies are off our trail for now, Zev, but they could be right behind us. We don’t even have time for meaningful chit-chat.” 
Zev sat in the front of the taxi beside the driver. The wheels immediately scraped up dirt and dust and we were flying along and out through the gates in no time. 
As we drove I reflected on the fact that I had understood the language that the man in the Doctor’s office had been speaking - Trogthen - whatever that meant. A foreign tongue of some sort - something that might reveal to me my own past. And it seemed that Evans and Zev knew more about it. 
What a coincidence - that I should have been saved by Evans from being run over - or had he been watching me before that? Had he already some inkling that I did not belong here in this London, in this time, this world? The thought was not a comforting one. But now at least I knew that I had to stay with them, for they were the ones who - perhaps - just perhaps - held the key to my own past. 
Evans looked out of the back of the taxi. “Someone is behounding us. George! I thought so, back on the main road. We’d better grab a detour.” I looked out. A black car was on the road behind us. 
Suddenly the window of the black car opened, and a hand bearing a revolver appeared. 
“Get down!” Evans cried. 
We all ducked, and I could see George, his head down, still trying to peer over the dashboard to drive. (Dashboard, being a word I didn’t know at the time, of course, but I have since familiarized myself with the names for the parts of a car, and it seems more economical at this point to use the actual word.)
The gun shot three times but none of the bullets hit the car. 
Evans said, “Lose them, George.”
“I’ll do better than that,” said George, twisting the steering-wheel. The taxi screeched around, and I was thrown across the seat into Mr. Evans’ side. He shoved me back. The taxi’s engine roared and in moments we were racing down the road, straight into the path of the black car that had been following us! The person in the black car fired three more shots at us. One of them hit the front window and it shattered, with splinters and shards of glass spraying through the car. I braced myself for a collision; I had no doubt that in a vehicle as fast and heavy as these modern monstrosities an accident would be even more distressing than a collision involving carriages and horses had been - and I had seen one once, in the past - it was not a pretty sight. 
But at the last moment the driver of the black vehicle flinched, it careened off the road into a grassy ditch and bounced into a tree. There was smoke billowing from the front of the car, but as we left it behind in the distance I could see the car reversing back ungainfully onto the road. It jounced around as they crossed the raised grassy edge of the asphalt, turned about and followed us with steam pouring out from the front of the engine, albeit somewhat hampered by the damage wrought when it hit the tree. 
Evans said, “They’re still bothering.” 
George said, “Stubborn so-and-so’s.” Of course, ‘so-and-so’ wasn’t the actual word that he used, but I do not believe the actual word to be permissible in polite company. 
After turning a few more corners I could see that we were approaching a small town. 
“Bromley,” said George. 
Just after we had crossed a small bridge George put on the brakes. 
There was a crowd of every age group, old people, children, men and women, watching a parade of some sort. They gathered around the car as we turned the corner into the town, parting for our entrance like the waters of the Red Sea for Moses then gathering about us again. We soon saw what they were watching - there was a group of about twelve men dressed in colourful costumes carrying deer antlers and dancing to and fro in two lines to music played by a small band of musicians, a Tuba, an accordian, a cornet and a fife. 
Our car was surrounded on every side by the townsfolk and the folk dance was being carried on right in front of us, so that we couldn’t move an inch. The dance took a fearfully long time and seemed to involve as many variations and steps as anyone might imagine. I heard someone saying, “They’re disturbin’ our rehearsal! Curse them!” and a few other choice words I won’t mention. 
Above the roofs and turrets of the town wall to the East we could see the inky black smoke from the other car’s broken engine ascending and getting closer with every verse of the jig or reel that the town musicians were playing. I began to sweat and I looked at George. His knuckles were white where he held the steering wheel, absolutely white, as though he was grasping on to the round, wooden thing for dear life. 
Evans and Solomon were both barely breathing - they seemed to be as fearful as I was - and I realised at that moment that adults are no different from children in this particular way - they have fears, they lack courage, sometimes, just like children. 
The thought was not comforting. 
Evans said, “If this damnable folk-dance takes any longer we shall be forced to leave the car and make a sprint for it on foot.” 
The dance continued and I watched the puffs of black smoke behind us from the other car as it came across the bridge and into town, which I knew it had, for the foul, putrid fume was now ascending in front of the turrets on the buildings at the edge of the town. 
Finally, even as the black car coughed and spluttered its way round the bend and became visible to us, the folkdance finished. George fired up the engine of the taxi and the people in front of us scattered like chaff in the wind. We sped through the streets of the town, the onlookers shaking their fists at us and cursing us with profanities as we passed. 
The black car was still stuck in the crowd and could not move without running down a goodly number of the townsfolk, so we managed to get several streets away, enough that our pursuer was out of sight again. Evans said, “Hmmm. Life is a folk-dance.” 
In several minutes we were out of Bromley entirely and George said, “We’re lucky Bromley Road is quite a winding road - and there are many places here where we might get off it - they’ll never know which way we’ve gone. Once we’re a few miles along then they won’t have a chance of following us, even if they manage to get that engine of theirs working properly. I suppose we’re away from them sir.” 
“Nice work, George,” said Evans. “Quick and clean. I do hope you’ve still got that meter running. You’ve earned every shilling of it today.” 
Cold wind and rain was roaring into the car through the open place where the windshield had been and Evans saw me shivering. He reached beneath the seat in front of him and pulled out a blanket and gave it to me. I wondered how he knew that the taxi had a blanket in that place. And with that thought my eyelids began to close of their accord and a terrible exhaustion overcame me and I fell asleep once more. 
Interloup Eight -  Refrigerated.
Wolf Lady.
“Look, I’m doing the numbers again, Harry. There’s something goin’ on here - every month or so there’s a carcass missing and I don’t know where it’s gone.” 
“It’s just your adding up, Bob. You mighta passed grade nine, but your brain never got past grade one, did it, ‘ey? What’s one plus one again?” 
“You’re bloody rude, aint ya, Harry? I’ll get you, I will. Just you wait. When you least expect it, I’ll whack you on the head with a spanner. Look - everything’s fine here. Let’s go round and check the other side.” 
That was where she was. 
She had one of the carcasses with her. She dragged it right down to the end of the refrigerator, behind all the other frozen carcasses and hid there quietly. 
The second one, Harry, spoke. His voice was a whisper: “Look, Bob. Maybe you’re right.” 
Bob replied with a laugh, “The bleedin door’s open. You left it open, didn’t you, Harry? To give me a rise, you bastard!” 
“I swear as I didn’t, on me muvver’s grave!” 
“Your bleedin’ muvver’s still alive, Harry.” 
“Well what do you want me to swear by? Me buttocks? They’re alive too, you know. Bob, I didn’t do it. Now look at that - you can see where they dragged the carcass. Didn’t even clean up after ‘emselves.” 
Bob’s voice went very quiet and grave. “They always cleaned up after ‘emselves every uvver time. I reckon our thief is still in there.” 
That’s when the realisation hit her that she might really be in trouble this time. 
It was her own fault. 
She had thought she was smarter than them - El knows, in every other way they were stupid. They were like trolls, the stupid humans - but as soon as there was gold or money involved they suddenly became smarter - checked things properly - did things systematically. 
How humiliating - to be outsmarted by a human. For it to happen to her of all people. 
“What should we do?” said Harry.
“I’ve got an idea,” said Bob, his voice taking on a bleak, funereal tone. “Shut the bloody door. Can’t open it from inside, can you?” 
She could hear their footsteps approaching.
Bob continued, “Then we come back in a day or two. Nobody could survive in there for longer than a day, I reckon, even if he had warm weather gear. And I would wager the thieves don’t. If we leave it for a couple of days we’ll find a frozen thief and that’ll be the end of it. Call the police then. Oh, sorry officer, we found em like that - must have accidentally shut the door on themselves while they was filching stuff from the fridge - oh what a shame. Stop, Harry! Don’t touch it without yer gloves on, yer bloody fool! Don’t want your fingerprints bein’ the last ones on there, do we? Do it like this.” 
The door began creaking. 
She panicked. 
She dropped the carcass and leapt into action, threw off her coat and sprinted across the floor, but she was at least thirty feet from the entrance. 
She was running full pelt, four-footed, wolf-speed, and every single step seemed too slow, everything was happening so very slowly, time had been stretched out, as though she was trying to wade through a pile of snowy slush, and she could hear the crunch of every footstep on the icy floor of the refrigerator, the whoosh of icy condensate left behind as she thrust herself forwards. 
As she approached she could see the door was still open a tiny crack, enough to get through. She redoubled her efforts, pushing herself to the limit of her strength. She could see it - it was still open enough that she could force it further, she knew it, even as she leaped across the last few feet. 
But in that very last moment, even as the fur on her front right-hand paw brushed the huge metal door it shut with a loud clang and she slid the last inch and careened into it, making an extremely loud bump, shaking the door so much that it almost seemed about to rattle off its hinges. 
She picked herself up and shook the ice off. No broken bones, but she would be surprised if she didn’t have a few bruises tomorrow. 
If there was a tomorrow.
She tried shoving and pushing and sliding the door, but it was shut fast. There was no handle. There was no way to open it from this side. 
They had trapped her.
Stupid, stupid, stupid. She had been so stupid. How could she have let them outsmart her? She knelt down. 
Alpha of Alphas, help me. Ellulianæ  aiohiCwa.
A stream of muffled profanities sounded from the other side of the huge door, then one of the two saying, “What the ---- was that? Must be a bleedin’ big guy. Sounded like a bloody ox hit the door.” 
“Just leave it. We’ll tidy it all up afterwards if we ‘ave to. Just leave it.” 
And then nothing. 
Interloup Nine - In the Steam Submarine
The Amnesiac Young Man.
I remember stopping and having some lunch somewhere with a cup of tea, and that reviving me somewhat for a short while. After that I knew that we were heading north, but every part of that journey is a blur. I suppose I spent most of it sleeping, I suppose. Perhaps I felt safe, there, with Evans and George and Solomon, for the worst fears of the day before, that Evans might put me into Bedlam Asylum, had been unfounded. 
Suddenly I woke up to hear Evans saying, “I really haven’t a clue.” We were in South London now, parked by the side of the road. 
I looked up. The windshield of the car had been repaired, and I realised that it must have been done while I was asleep, or perhaps I had gotten out of the car but hadn’t remembered it. I wasn’t sure.
“Look, I just have to forget about this puzzle for a little while. I can’t get it, so I have to leave it. Come on, boy, lets get you some new clothes.” Evans opened the door for me, and we went shopping. The first thing he bought me was a large suitcase, and as we looked at clothes, he explained all the new inventions of the twentieth century - cars, radios, dirigibles, and the like. 
I told him I knew about dirigibles, but then when he asked me how, I couldn’t remember.  
When we returned to the car it was overcast and drizzling again. 
London weather. 
Zev and George were still in the car waiting for us to return. 
Moments after Evans had seated himself in the car he already had the same newspaper page in front of him that he had been puzzling over on the day that I had met him - the only difference was that I could see that he had solved the crossword now. 
“Oh, wait a millisecond,” he said, “Eaglets is in there twice. I hadn’t noticed that before...”

Evans said, “Only problem is, I don’t have a clue as to what ‘Eaglets’ could mean.” 
Zev Solomon said, “Eaglets... Hmmm.... Well it rings a bell for me.” 
“What do you mean, Zev?” 
Zev screwed up his eyes. 
“Something maritime. The name of a ship... Wait a minute...” 
“How do you know? I mean, goodness grievous, you’ve been in Bedlam for eight years...” 
“My first posting, when I was a... never mind... You knew, before I realised I was a... You knew I trained to be a chaplain for the navy didn’t you, Evans, for a short while? Before the other... While I still felt I could do that sort of thing, you know... Isn’t the HMS Eaglets a shore establishment of the royal naval reserve? I think the Eaglets is still docked at the Salthouse, up on the Mersey river. One of the sailors came to visit me once in a while at Bedlam. Reckoned I helped save his marriage. Hmpph. If he only knew what I really was, he wouldn’t believe that any more. He said the Eaglets was still there, at the Salthouse.”
Evans said, “Well, well. That’s something I didn’t know. The Salthouse. That must be where she’s docked! Hmmph. There was a puzzling thing from around there the other day - someone found an injured man on the docks, telegraphed it through to the Office... Let’s get going then! Up to Liverpool, on the triple!” He wrenched the steering wheel around, fired up the engine, and we bumped over to the other side of the road and began heading west. 
On the road to Liverpool we soon got stuck behind a large truck, with a very large, iron, cylindrical object on the back of it with bolts and pipes sticking out all over it. Evans, who seemed to know nearly everything about cars and trucks, and a lot of other things, said, “Leviathan. Can haul one hundred tons. That’s a large boiler on the back of it. Probably going to be part of a ship, or something, up at the dockyards. It’s really parading in our rain, isn’t it? Wouldn’t want to try to pass that, with this wet road.” The rain was pelting onto the car and the roads were all shiny. 
I asked him, “How do you know so many things, Evans?”
He adjusted his glasses modestly. 
“Read a lot of books, lad. Read that in Popular Mechanics I believe.” 
George said, “I don’t think we ought to try passing it, sir. I’ve got no way of telling what’s coming the other way. We ‘ad enough close calls for my taste yesterday, and it’s not as if she’s leaving without us, is it, sir? I mean, it’s not going to make that much difference if we’re an hour or two later, is it?” 
Evans said, “I hope not, George, I hope not...” 
He looked at me for a moment. 
“Do you know, lad, we ought to find a name for you. No point calling you ‘lad’ all the time, is there?” 
“I’m not sure,” I said. “Couldn’t we wait until I remember what my real name is?” 
“You wouldn’t have any inklings would you? It might be handy to have a name you know - I mean, if we’re running away from bandits who are firing revolvers at us, you might want to have an honorific so that when someone yells ‘Duck!’ you can be sure that they’re talking to you.” 
It did seem like good, practical advice in the circumstances. 
Evans continued, “Think about it, lad. See if you can come up with a name that you feel comfortable with. One that feels like you. And then we can get used to calling you that name, and if there happens to be a moment when something untoward is happening, we can say, “you”, by which I mean, the name you have given yourself, ‘Run! They’re after us!’” 
I asked, “Who are the people that shot at us yesterday, the people that seem to be following us?” 
“Well, lad. I think you might know, somewhere deep in the recesses of your memory. I feel that the answers are there. If I tell you, it might be too much, it might... overwhelm you... You have wierd, unsettling, bizarre memories, no? Is that not so? Things that can’t possibly exist?” 
“Perhaps...” I didn’t want to admit to too much, in case he changed his mind about putting me into Bedlam hospital. 
“For instance - strange plants - like mushrooms, but instead of just one top, they have multiple tops? And funny insects - bees without stings - things that are like a cross between a spider and a fly - and things like spiders but with too many legs and eyes? And people - like people - but not human - trolls, elves, dwarves, and... others. People who seem to be half animal and half human.” 
How had he known this? 
“Evans,” I asked him, “Do you have imaginary memories like those? It’s not just me?”
“Wellll.. Yes, I do, but they’re not imaginary, lad. I remember things like that, only because I’ve actually been there.” 
For a moment I could barely speak. My jaw dropped open with amazement.
“What do you mean? Are you saying it’s a real place?” 
“Indeed it is. And Trogthen is the tongue that many of them there speak - the language that troll was speaking at Bedlam hospital, in the Doctor’s office - and you know Trogthen, don’t you lad? You know how to speak it; you understood what he was saying.”
I thought about it. How did I know I really understood it? Perhaps I only thought that I understood it. 
“I think so,” I said. 
“How can you think you understand it? Either you do or you don’t.” 
Zev, who hadn’t spoken for a while, said, “Traaliges 'üle bij nikke 'e trilfame rovane 'ülees 'e beîl'f 'fafe.  'Fœes sagja fodahønd.” 
The troll’s god be not the eternal one, but is a mere statue-idol. So say the writings. 
Without thinking I replied, “'Üiölrekees fodahønd? Whæees Lostashüs þeü?”
Which writings? What does all that have to do with you?
Zev laughed. I suddenly had the terrible fear that I had merely spewed out gibberish, that the meaning of these words was nothing more than an illusion, a creation of my own mind. 
Zev kept laughing, though, and I immediately got annoyed with him and said, “What are you laughing at? What have you got to laugh at, just out of Bedlam? Are you insane?” 
He stopped for a second, and I suddenly realised what a rude thing I had said. But then after looking at me quizzically for a moment he suddenly burst into an even louder fit of laughter. 
He gradually gained control of himself. 
“What’s so funny?” I asked again. 
“He speaks Trogthen better than I ever could, like a native. I could never get a hang of the subtleties of the tenses and moods - the grammar is far too intricate for me. He speaks it like a native!” 
Evans said, “You can tell that, just from one short phrase?” He sounded a little skeptical. 
Zev nodded quickly.
“I can. He’s spoken it for years. His mother tongue, perhaps.” Then he chuckled again. “Or he learned it very young, anyhow.” He looked at me, and seemed uncomfortable with the way that I was looking at him. “I am just out of Bedlam, you know... Not surprising if I seem a little... unused to company. Hardly ever laugh when you’re in there. And when you do, you’re only laughing at the folly and pointlessness of it all. And the nurses and the doctors... They all take themselves too seriously, you know, as straight as poles, although there’s the odd worthy one among them.” 
As we approached Manchester the clouds momentarily cleared and the crescent moon was setting behind us, illuminating the trees with a soft, silvery halo. 
We arrived in Liverpool at least an hour later than Evans had hoped. 
“We’ll start at the HMS Eaglets, George. Take us to Salthouse Dock, if you would be so considerate.” 
George reached into the glove compartment and brought out a large folded map. He unfolded it and examined it for a moment. “Oh, I know where it is - near the Customs House. Have to get onto Hanover Street... That won’t be a problem sir. There’ll be parking at Customs House - it’s only a short walk from there.” 
Evans said, “Keep it up, George, and keep that meter running. Remember, the Bureau is paying for it. It’s not coming out of my pocket.” 
“Alright, sir.” 
There seemed to be roadworks and building everywhere as we drove through the town. We had to take three detours, because of roadworks, but we finally arrived outside of Customs House. George parked the taxi and Evans, Zev and I got out. 
Evans immediately asked a passer-by who looked as though he knew where he was going where the HMS Eaglet was. He pointed to an alleyway that went along the eastern side of Customs House and said, “Oh, aye, just down there.” 
We went down the alleyway and found the entrance to the Eaglet; it was brightly lit. The common room was clearly labelled and we went in. There were three reserve sailors there playing darts and drinking pints of Luixlip. Evans went and bought a pint each for him and Zev, and he got me a lemon squash. The sailors were friendly and they leaped into a conversation right away, asking Evans and Zev in the most unobtrusive manner what their business was in Liverpool. 
Evans said, “Oh, we’re looking for a friend. The ship’s supposed to be docked here at the Salthouse, actually.”
The sailors asked what the ship looked like. Evans said, “Hmmm. Like a steamer, really, but somewhat like a submarine.” 
“We haven’t seen it, but mind you if it is a submarine it might not be visible anyhow, because it’ll be underwater.” They chortled a bit about this. I think they thought Evans was pulling their legs. 
When they were finished chortling Zev said, “Anything... strange happen here in the past week or two?” 
“Actually, it did,” said one of the sailors, sitting down at the table. He indicated for Zev, Evans and I to join him so we all sat down. There was a pile of newspapers on the floor next to him and he starting rifling through them. He found the copy of the Liverpool Herald from Monday October 28th, and threw it on the table in front of Evans.  
“Look at this.” 
We looked at the article, “Wolf Lady caught on camera.” 

Zev said, “Is it her?” 
Evans said, “Yes. Yes. I - I think it is.” 
The sailors looked at Evans quizzically, but neither Zev nor Evans elucidated. 
Interloup Ten - Into the Darkness and Then...
Wolf Lady. 
It was dark and cold in the refrigerator - had she been human she would have died - but wolves are winter animals, they live out in the snow, with their own fur coats for warmth. 
For a while she lay there thinking, watching her warm breath puff out like clouds of steam. It was no wonder she was in this situation. She ought to have seen it coming. She should have been more careful, after all, she knew what was going on here. 
This world was a bad place.
Of all the worlds to get stuck in, this one was the worst. As the Welfing saying goes, Y ætaiya lyfrahothryn di'Ia Sed chwl, æthülgweld trwyn holl mwnm M’Haiechdwl. 
Where Leviathan doth dwell, there be every kind of hell. 
If she got out of this - when she got out of this - she was going to do everything she could to make sure she could out of this world. This Ing-Gland. 
The world the humans call Ultima Thule was no First Den, that’s for sure, but it was a much safer place for her kind. It was the kind of place she could deal with, the kind of place where she might be able to anticipate problems.
Then she started shivering. 
The temperature must be a long way below zero, colder than she’d thought. She couldn’t just pretend that this was just the same as a mild winter’s day. She would have to adjust. She could hibernate, but if they were too long about opening the door again, she would be done for. If they didn’t return before the end of the lunar month - if the New Moon came while she was still stuck in here - then she really didn’t think much of her chances. 
She went into hibernation and waited for the door to open again. 
It is a strange, fitful sleep, the sleep of hibernation, a sleep of ghostly dreams seen through half-wakeful eyes.
They arrived, just in time, a day or two before the end of the month.
They weren’t trying to be quiet when they came to open up again. 
They hadn’t expected the person to survive. 
Harry’s voice said, “What’s the time Bob?”
Bob’s voice said, “About twenty minutes past five. What the bleeding heck ‘ave you got your camera for, Harry?” 
“I’m going to take a picture of the body, ain’t I, Bob?That’ll be something to show the grandchildren, wouldn’ it? A bleedin’ dead body.” 
“For Christ’s sake, Harry, you’ve got rocks in your head. This whole thing is a bleedin’ fiasco. Oh, Harry, stop right there! Don’t put your fingerprints on the doorhandle, you dunderhead! We want the only set of fingerprints to be the ones of the person in there, you fool.” 
“I’ve got cold feet, Bob.” 
“You’ve got cold feet now?” 
“Well - it’s a bit scary actually - I didn’t realise.” 
Bob sighed deeply. Harry was a twit. He wouldn’t know a sensible thought if it hit him in the face.
Bob sighed, “Harry, what do you want to do now, then?” 
“You do the door, Bob, and I’ll er... come in after you and take the picture.” 
“Oh, er, right, Harry. You want me to go in first.” It was a statement of fact, not a question. 
“Yeh. Right. You go first, mate. Yer a good pal, you are.” 
She heard one of them bump the handle open on the other side - she presumed he wasn’t using his hands - it sounded like an elbow or forearm. 
She was ready when the door creaked open. 
She leapt into action at the first sign of light. Bob, the one who had opened the door, had the full mass of the iron door with the force and velocity of her impact behind it thrust at him. He was thrown some distance through the air, slammed onto his back on the boat’s wood floor, slid further backwards and hit his head rather sharply on the bulkhead. 
She doubted whether he would wake up for a while. 
She stopped for a moment on the other side to take stock of her situation, but unfortunately Harry was standing there with his camera. 
She was rather surprised that he was actually ready to take the picture, in fact, she hadn’t assumed he would be, after overhearing their conversation - she judged him to be a few inches short of a plank, so to speak - and Harry looked just as surprised as she was to be taking the picture. But the flash of the camera went off, and she cursed and leapt up, already running on four legs.  
Then she was out, over the edge of the ship and away. 
She was running through the dockyards. It was dark, in the early morning - the moon was a mere sliver, in the last phase, almost new, and the sky was beginning to brighten with the first rays of dawn. There were storm clouds brewing over the sea. 
She knew that she was probably safe now, but she ran as swiftly as the wind anyhow. 
That was a close call. 
She didn’t think that fellow Harry would be smart enough to ring the police or run after her, and his friend Bob was almost certainly unconscious, after that conk on the head. 
By the time they did anything, or the New Moon arrived, she would already be back in the safety of her submarine. But she moved to another berth, just to be safe. 
Interloup Eleven - Noble Wolf
Zev.
Zev and Evans took turns walking along the piers every day and night, looking for her. During the day the amnesiac boy joined them on their strolls, but at night he stayed in one of the hotels rooms Evans had paid for with Bureau funds, reading the newspaper or listening to the radiogram. They were good hotel rooms.  
George had gone back into town, back to working as a taxi driver for the general public. 
It was the third or fourth night after we arrived that Zev saw her. The boy was in bed, and Evans had a meeting with someone at the tavern across the road. They found out about it from Zev afterwards. 
Zev was walking along the pier on the Salthouse Dock when he suddenly had the sense that he was being watched. 
He looked up and saw a face, almost glowing, illumined by the pale silvern moonlight. 
At first he thought it was his own reflexion in the water that he was seeing, that it was that time, the time of not-being-him, but then even as he watched her watching him he noticed something in the corner of his eye - on the horizon - the moon - it was in the second quarter - the mistress of the night sky was more than half-full, growing, burgeoning, yes, but very far from full. 
She stood across the water in the shadow of one of the pillars of the Salthouse Dock building, staring at him, but the moonlight fell across her white-and-grey furred face. The stars were behind her, around her moonlit face. She was motionless, quiet, she had the stillness of a predator, and her eyes watched him, neither blinking nor moving. 
Her eyes captured him more certainly than a hawk catches a mouse.
He watched her, the same quiet stillness descending upon him. He could not have looked away even if the earth and the stars and the very moon herself had fallen into oblivion around him. 
A strange feeling of familiarity filled his soul, as though he knew everything already, everything that was to come. As though he knew her already, and everything that she would mean to him. Was this what destiny felt like? 
It was the vision he had had. She had a heart full of wisdom - he already knew that. And there, he had seen her, with her face surrounded by the stars.
And then suddenly, as suddenly as she had appeared, she was gone. 
He wanted to follow her, to track her scent, but he didn’t know how to, or perhaps he didn’t really trust himself to become the other part of himself. 
He knew that she was a noble wolf. He was not so sure that he was. When the full moon shone above him, he changed, but he knew of himself that he was not a wolf’s wolf, but still too much of a human wolf. 
He had always hated the change when it came. 
For the first time in his life he wished he could change. He wished he could make himself change. He thought of the feeling of wolfishness, the smell of his own fur, the ecstasy of the hunt and the pleasure of howling forlornly at the round, pale-fire moon, the visceral joy of a world of a million distinct odors, a contrapuntal sensuality of smell, each scent overwhelming and completely individual in its quiddity. 
He had thought he was a monster. But he wasn’t. Just a wolf.
Then he glimpsed the face of a wolf looking up at him - for a moment his heart leapt - had she come to him? He looked down - his own eyes looked back, his own fur-face reflected in the water, and he was disappointed, then strangely exhilarated. 
He had changed. He had become the Other Self. For the first time in his life he had wanted to, and it had happened.
He was sitting by the side of the water as a wolf on his haunches, and he liked it. 
He panted for a moment in the pleasure of being.
He leapt up and loped up along the pier, ran to where she had been and picked up her scent. 
Her beauty - her physical beauty - was nothing compared to the beauty of her musky odor - the ecstatic loveliness of the mingled perfumes of her wolfish body. Strange how the pleasant and sharp odours go together, he thought, or felt, for every single scent on her formed a higher harmony, her fur the main aroma, her sweet breath the counter-aroma, her sweat and urine and body odours like the theme of the symphony, and all the tiny moments wherein her paws had touched the ground, like quavers and delicate semiquavers dancing alongside.
Combined with the smell of fresh grey woolen and cotten fabric - the cape and hood she was wearing - her clothing - also carried her mingled scents.
He looked up. A wolf that wore clothes. He felt a funny thought-feeling - the fairytale was true, yet in reverse - there was a wolf who liked wearing clothes, but she was a good wolf.
Indeed, he knew just from smelling her that she was good. Not evil. True of heart. No liar. Her noble character was in every atom of her chemistry. She would not kill for pleasure - only to eat. 
It seemed strange to him that she existed in this world. She did not belong to this broken, sad world, the world of insane asylums and wars and sickness and death. He knew somewhere in his bones that she came from another, better world.
As he loped along following her scents a happiness he could have never imagined before this moment was making his steps lighter and relaxed than they had ever been, in his wolf form or his human form. Across the dock, under the looming shadow of the massive Customs House, across another three docks, past the Princes Dock. 
Then her scent simply stopped, as though she had disappeared into thin air. 
Water. 
Somehow she had crossed the water. Was he going to swim to her? But where was she now? He sniffed around for her scent. 
Frantically he went right round the Quay, but he couldn’t find it again. A thought-feeling of terrible loss filled him. Would he ever see her again? 
The night seemed lonelier and more desolate than any night had ever been before, even when he had been confined to Bedlam and all the crazy people had been talking to themselves and moaning dreadfully all night long and keeping him awake.  
But the moon emerged from behind a cloud and the thought of the sight of her fur face under the silver moonlight, her golden eyes watching him in quiet stillness, and a deeper, more resonant part of him seemed to be saying that she belonged to him and he belonged to her. 
He looked up. The stars twinkled, as though they were telling him not to lose hope. The moon seemed to be smiling. 
A whisper in his heart told him she was the one for him, the one he would marry. 
The wolf-lady.
I will hope for the good that I do not see, he said to himself, remembering a  philosopher’s phrase he had once read. 
He smiled in delight at the thought of her, at the thought of her musk-fur-urine-sweat-fabric-pawprint-true-of-heart odor. 
Something moved, caught his eye. 
He looked in the water. He was human again, but... Naked. He had left his clothes behind. And if anyone was watching; God! If she was hiding somewhere around here, watching...
 Damn it, utterly embarrassing! He leapt away into the shadows and tried to make his way back across the docks without being seen. 
Alpha of Alphas have mercy. 
He didn’t have a clue that they were there - his mind was so full of everything else, her, that he didn’t even notice the stench of them before they were upon him. 
They came out of the shadows with nets and fists and truncheons, and he bowed down under a savage litany of blows and fell into the darkness. 
Interloup Twelve - Captive Held
Wolf Lady.
She saw the man-wolf on the pier, looking for something, or someone, by the light of the half-round moon. 
Then his eyes looked up at her and she was completely captivated. 
And suddenly he was wolf no more, but human, but his eyes were still kind and true and his stance was silent and still. And an honest lopiness about the way he stood reminded her of the way of a wolf. 
And he was upwind of her, and there was a musky honesty to his scent - all the fragrant wolf odours about him mingled with the strange human smell, a veritable panorama of smells. 
This was definitely worth a second look.
And she could never have considered any human form as prepossessing or attractive before, but with him there was an elegant, solid, strong, lupine quality to his form and bearing and a strange, bent, broken, wolfish good humour in his eyes, despite the suffering that she saw there. She hadn’t realised that suffering in this world could make someone so good. 
She couldn’t help feeling drawn to him.
The very depths of the waters of the well of her soul were being stirred. 
It was the strangest thing of all - that in this world, that was not her own, she had found something - someone - who seemed so familiar, so much a part of her. 
The future sends echoes back into the past, she thought to herself. If something stirs us deeply, in the future, stirs us to the depths of our soul, we find our soul stirred in the present as well. Dreams are like this - indeed, everything that happens affects both future and past. 
But the things of the heart affect us the most of all, and these are the bricks of destiny, the foundation stones of our lives. 
His reflection mingled with the reflection of the moon in the water.
The reverie lasted for what seemed like a long time, but practical thoughts always intrude on such moments. Could this man be a friend of Evans? She had come out of the submarine to see if Evans was here, looking for her. 
And she mustn’t stay. 
She had seen other men on the docks, on the other side of Customs House. 
It wasn’t safe here tonight. She must not stay. What if they were looking for her? 
She had stayed here too long already and practically speaking she didn’t know if that man was a friend of Evans - he might indeed be her destiny - but yet at this moment she didn’t know what to do - what she might have to do with him - what might have to occur yet for this destiny to happen. 
There was a sound in one of the docks. Footsteps. 
She had to leave right now. 
She leapt into the shadows and away, past Customs House, behind pillars, underneath the roofs and eaves, and through the darkest enshadowed places, watching always for the men. She heard them talking opposite the Corn Exchange. 
Slipping away she sprinted wolf-like, straight for the place where the steam submarine was docked, leapt across the water onto the deck of the submarine, slipped through the hatch, closed it, and leapt down into the command room and immediately began filling the tanks, something she could do without starting the engine (it was all a matter of stored energy). She sank to a keel depth of about eleven feet, which meant that the top of the submarine was underwater. 
She raised the uperscope. At the edge of the field of vision she glimpsed movement and swivelled the handles around - he was approaching - in the form of a wolf. She examined the uperscope for a moment - was something wrong with it? - then realised that even if the mirrors were fogged it would not make her see a wolf.
She knew it was him because the wolf moved like the man. It was the man’s spirit that moved the wolf, making him lope in light, easy, relaxed steps, as though they both danced the same dance.
She had never heard of such a thing. Are such things even possible for humans? 
The man-wolf sniffed the air and looked around. Then he closed his eyes, as though a blissful thought had taken hold of him, and she watched him change. The wolf’s body lengthened and stood up, limb and paw changing to arm and hand, fur receding into pale skin, muzzle shrinking to nose. 
He was naked. 
She moved the lever for the objective lens, enlarging the image without changing the focus. The man stood there, completely naked, and she regarded him curiously. She had never seen one of the man-things naked before. 
Fascinating.
Had he seen the uperscope watching him? There was something wrong with his face - it was turning red in the pale moonlight. She had no idea why. Had he taken ill? In a sudden movement he fled away, like a deer that had seen a wolf. She didn’t like the analogy but it was the first one that came to mind. 
She started the engine again and wrenched the submarine up to a depth of six feet, leapt through the corridors, up the ladder and up the hatch. 
He was gone. 
She closed the hatch quickly and leapt across the water to the dock again, and found his scent. She followed his scent. 
Ahead she heard the sound of someone being beaten. She could smell whose blood it was - she knew that it was him being beaten. 
She growled furiously and leapt at the crowd of men that was beating him. 
Interloup Thirteen - Things Seen & Unseen
The Amnesiac Young Man.
I woke up to hear someone banging on the door. I got out of bed and opened the door - it was Evans. 
“Zev disappeared last night.” 
I asked, “What happened?”
“He didn’t return from the docks. I’m worried about him...” Evans rubbed his hand over his chin. “I found his clothes, lad. It probably means he transformed...” 
“Transformed? What does that mean?” 
“Lad, I have some things to explain to you. Get your clothes on and come down to breakfast, and we’ll have a chat. You probably ought to know the whole bailiwick.”
The whole bailiwick - it was an expression I knew - everything, the whole lot. I threw my clothes on hastily - this was what I had been waiting for! The one thing I needed most of all - to know what was going on. 
It can’t have taken any more than two minutes for me to be sitting at the table in the hotel restaurant downstairs waiting for Evans. 
He emerged several minutes later, and breakfast - scrambled eggs and large, fat sausages - arrived at the same time. Evans had ordered it earlier. 
“I work for Special Branch, but I am a actually scientist, lad, a physicist - my specialty is the æther, multidimensional geometry, all that. You may not know that there are four dimensions in this space-time continuum, as Professor Einsteisen pointed out (following Reimannien’s theory), but there are actually other, further dimensions at right-angles to these four, spatially speaking. (The dimensions of time have negative coefficients in the equations, as time is not another dimension of space; and then we have the ætheric time coefficient describing the time dilation effect between different universes, which is inherently unpredictable, because it is a function of an insoluble periodic equation… Let me add, this explanation is only accurate to a degree possible using plain language.) Do you catch my drift?”
I shook my head. “No, not at all.” 
Evans said, “Ahem. Let me try again. These visions you’ve been having, splyders, a strange place, elves, trolls; they are memories of a real place, lad. These realms were known in the past. There has been traffic between our universe and the others, but in the past the people back then called the other realms fairyland, or the world of the gods, or Hades, or they thought they were seeing ghosts or spirits or visions. 
“Now lend me your attention - when something travels from there to here it causes a certain energy to be released, akin to X-Rays or Gamma Rays - a type of radiation, a vibration in the electro-magnetic æther. Now, lad, as I said I am a scientist, a physicist, something of an engineer; you see, I made a machine that can detect incursions from that place into our own world, and vice versa, by detecting the energy when it is released, or rather, the inverse energy. I have three of these machines placed at equidistant locations around London - when an incursion occurs the energy signature is detected and by collating the strength and exact timing of those signatures I can work out where and when the incursion occurred, to within an accuracy of five or six feet, anyhow, anywhere on the surface of the earth.
“These lines of electromagnetic force I have called ley lines, in deference to popular superstition of the past. (Either a superstition or alternatively the term was a complete invention of Alfred Watkins) London has a great many ley lines; it may explain the mysterious richness of this place and the many paranormal anecdotes in her history. As the saying goes, London is a roost for every ghost.
“Of course that explains why I was on that London street so soon after you appeared; I had detected an energy release signature in an alleyway and I was looking for whatever it was that had gotten through. 
“We sought after you all day and half the night, but we could not find you. Some others were looking for you too - you may have encountered them. The next morning I came out looking for you again. When you almost strode out in front of the traffic I rescued you and I immediately realised from the distinctly Victorian cut of your clothes, and from the fact that you didn’t seem to know where you were or who you were, or even of the dangers of cars and the perils of modern roads, that you were almost certainly not from this realm. 
“Initially I wanted to tell you everything that was going on but then I realised you couldn’t remember anything at all and I suddenly doubted whether that would be wise. If it was some traumatic experience that had caused your  memory loss (I happen to have read the works of Doctor Freud) immediately confronting your psyche with the facts of the matter might have had a deletirious effect on you; it might have damaged an already fragile mental state irreparably. So I resolved to wait, to let you familiarise you slowly with the facts of the matter, in order that your memory might have a chance to heal on its own.
“But you didn’t trust me. You thought I was going to incarcerate you in a mental institution and so you fled. 
“Well, insofar as that goes, we are both familiar with the facts of your own story since then. So let me tell you the parts you don’t know, which is my own story, and that of Zev’s and this wolf-lady we have been seeking. 
“Where to begin? Not sure. I’ll begin with this, lad - I know of at least two other people who have come from these other worlds that I am talking of. One is this wolf-lady. I contacted her soon after she passed over into our universe. She has the bridge between the worlds in her possession - she travels in a vehicle that has the ability to cross to the other worlds if and only when the conditions are favourable. She wishes to cross the branches again and my machines may hold the key to doing that - for it appears the part of her vehicle that detects the ley lines may be damaged.
“In her own world, incidentally, they do not speak our language - that also appears to be the world you have come from - so how you came to know English I do not know. Trogthen is the main language of that world.
“And the other person is Zev. The energy that accompanied his arrival resonated at a different frequency - I think he came from a world very much like our own, but it was a different world from hers, and yours. But Zev knows the Trogthen tongue - he has travelled to your world too. 
“And you should know this too - Zev is a werewolf. On the night of the full moon he turns into a wolf - he’s not dangerous, mind you, don’t worry about him. Those legends about werewolves being killers are legends - he keeps his faculties intact when it happens.”
I said, “Why didn’t he mention this?” 
Evans answered, “It’s a bit of a sore point with him, not something he wants to talk about. That’s why he was in the asylum. The doctors thought his monthly distress was a sign of madness, so they sedated him, but the drugs stopped the transformations from occurring. So the real cause of his malady was hidden from them. Until the Psychiatric Services caught up with him, Zev was managing quite well. He had a basement where he would confine himself when the transformation was occurring; he was living a good life, really, fitting in quite well. 
“It took me months to find him in Bedlam. Initially I thought he had left our universe or been abducted by our enemies. It really was like looking for a needle in a smoke-stack.
“It wasn’t until one of my colleagues suggested checking the mental asylums that I found him. 
“Zev and I have decided to work together; he wishes to return to his world. Having you here, someone who comes from Ultima Thule, is an aid in detecting the potential gateways. To put it in layman’s terms, the energy of the other realm lingers about you, and using my machine I can detect the place and time where the ley lines are resonant. I can create a gateway to travel to the same world you came from; except, of course, that I haven’t managed to make a machine that can travel between the worlds yet, and that’s why I need the wolf-lady. She can help me and I can help her.  
“And not to overextend a point - people - wolf-ladies and humans - are not the only things that cross over. I have evidence that a griffin may have crossed to our world too, at some point, recently, but he seems to be gone now. And other things too, at various times, have slipped through, that I haven’t been able to detect with my machine. But some of those that have crossed over are our enemies. They are trying to kill us - they do not like us to know that they are here.
“The Ultima Thuleans are always yapping at our hindquarters - we may not have much time - we must do everything we can to get to the other realm. I have a feeling that our enemies know that we are planning on doing this - perhaps they are trying to prevent us from doing something we don’t even know we are going to do...” 
It was a lot to take in, and I didn’t know if I believed the last part. But while I understood why Zev or the wolf-lady might want to travel back to the worlds they came from, I felt I did not really understand Evans’ role in all of this. 
“But why do you want to travel to the other worlds?” I asked him. 
“Ah. That’s classified. I can only tell you a little. As you probably have already guessed I am an employee of His Majesty’s government. You may have heard me talk about the Bureau - my employer - a clandestine agency. I am simply an employee - I don’t participate in the policy discussions - I merely implement the policies - so I can’t tell you more than what I have just said.”
I was a little perturbed - his reticence made me angry - he was avoiding the issue and I thought I had a right to know that much at least. I gritted my teeth and said, “But, Mister Evans, you’re asking me to trust you, and I don’t even know anything about your motives or reasons for wanting me to be involved.” 
He rolled his eyes, took out a pipe from his pocket and stuffed it full of tobacco, then lit it and began puffing. 
Finally he took the pipe out and tapped it in the ashtray to get out the used tobacco, and looked at me squarely. 
He sighed deeply and said, “Alright. As the saying goes, you’ve got to roll with the punch bowl. I think you can see that the government might have an interest in realms that intersect our own - countries, nations, from which there is no sea or distance separating us - places from which people can travel directly into Britain without having first to reach our shores by boat or dirigible or airplane and pass through customs. Indeed, these people may be our enemies and it seems important to the government that we know who they are. Well, I have said more than I should, but since you brought up the issue of trust I think it a point of honour that you should know. At least, I can justify it in my report that way...” 
Using my fork I moved the rest of my scrambled eggs around on my plate, looked up at him and said, “What do we do?” 
“Well... The wolf-lady - Zelfa or Zelf is her name I believe- was going to park her vehicle - her submarine - at the Salthouse Dock. But she moved it - something went wrong and she moved docks to avoid discovery. That’s why we have been watching the Salthouse Dock, lad - I thought that if she was going to try to make contact with us again that she would go to the Salthouse. The thing is, though, now that you’re here I can use your energy signature to find her. The energy of that world is still be strong on you, because of the amount of time you spent there. I have to take your energy signature, though.”
“So what does that entail?” I asked. “How do you take my energy signature? It’s not like a blood test is it? I hope there isn’t an injection. I hate injections.” I had of course only had one injection, when I was a captive of the female Doctor, but Evans had explained to me what an injection was, afterwards, when the whole story came out.
Evans continued, “My colleagues in the government are bringing all my equipment up from London even as we speak. They should be here in - ah -,” he looked at his watch, “-about half an hour. Don’t worry, the process is painless. It is a little - ah - uncomfortable though - we have to put you inside the ætheric signature detector - it is a sort of - ah - a large tube. But the process doesn’t hurt at all - you’ll just have to lie still in there for a little while.” 
Interloup Fourteen - Faun Supremacists
Zev.
Water splashed his face. He woke up, emerging from the darkness - the beating seemed to be only moments ago, but he opened his eyes to find that he was in a completely different place - inside a tall, gloomy brick building, with the dark figure of a man standing in front of him, silhouetted against a dusty ray of light that was descending from a window somewhere above him. 
Zev looked more carefully, for the legs of the man seemed strangely... furry. 
For a moment he thought he might be one of his kind, a werewolf, but then he saw that he had the legs of a goat. 
What were those things called? 
Fauns. 
The man was a faun. 
He tried to move his arms and legs but were fastened onto something - he peered down and saw that it was a chair. His arms were tied up with canvas belts that were fastened with some sort of buckle - they looked like they might be used by removalists. 
And Zev was still naked. Everything ached. There were bruises and caked blood on his arms and legs. 
He looked to his right. The wolf-lady was tied up to another chair next to him. She had also been beaten and there was blood on her fur. Her clothes were lying on the floor nearby, her red cape and cloak, and trousers and a shirt. 
A white-hot rage began to burn inside Zev - they had no right to do this to her! 
The faun standing in front of him said, “Who are you?” 
Zev snapped, “I am Zev Solomon. Now, you can tell me who you are.” 
The faun said, “Speak with respect,” and hit him across the cheek with the back of his hand.
Zev said, “Got your goat, have I?” 
The faun roared with anger, thrust out two cloven hooves and pommelled Zev in the chest. 
Zev’s chair scraped and bumped backwards on the brick floor at least four feet then tottered to a rest. A dreadful aching pain began to radiate across Zev’s chest. 
The faun leapt up to him and spat in his face, then pulled his chair back to where it was, right next to the wolf lady and shouted, “How do you know Evans? Why are you collaborating with these human who listen to the Leviathan’s voice?” 
Zev replied, “Evans got me out of Bedlam.” Zev said Bedlam in such a mockingly savage tone of voice that the wolf-lady guffawed. The faun hit her across the cheek, just as he had hit Zev. 
Zev felt his ire rising. 
The thought came to him that he might be able to change into a wolf, despite being restrained. The canvas belt did not seem terribly tight on his hands - perhaps once they were paws he could slip them through. 
For only the second time in his life Zev willed himself to change. He imagined the world of the wolf, where everything was more vivid, where colour and detail was experienced through the olfactory sense. 
A fist slammed into his face. “What d’you think you’re doing?” Zev spat out blood, and what he thought might have been part of a tooth. He hadn’t changed, he was still human. A sense of despair and panic made his breath come in short gasps. 
The faun hit the wolf-lady again, and it made Zev’s anger burn again. 
“You’re real brave, aren’t you, goat? Hitting a female. A really brave baaar-barian.” 
“Pah. She’s not a female. She’s a wolf-bitch who collaborates with humans. She is Lyfrahothrin MudoChelechw, Leviathan-friend.” said the faun. 
Zev cried, “You’re nothing but a yellow livered coward!” cried Zev, and the faun hit him. 
The Wolf-Lady said angrily, “Shut up, Zevsolomon! I can take care of myself.” 
Zev said, “Call me Zev.” 
The faun said, “Shut up Zev. She can take care of herself,” and hit her again. 
Zev roared with anger, and realised that the sound had come out as a howl. He looked down. The restraints on his arms were loose now - he pulled his front paws free. He leapt forwards but his legs were still restrained, and he fell flat on his face. 
“That’s interesting,” said the faun. 
Zev strained his neck towards the faun’s leg and snapped his jaws together on one of the faun’s cloven hoofs and pulled. He felt a satisfying crunch and heard the tendon on the faun’s heel snap. The faun cried out, tumbled over and began swearing coldly and efficiently. He looked up at Zev from the floor with narrowed, hate-filled eyes and said, “That’s going to cost you.”
A door opened. Three more fauns walked in. They were carrying an electrical device - it had electrodes on it and a transformer of some sort. It looked like something that they could use to administer electrocutions. 
Oh, El preserve us. Zev’s form changed; he shrank back to his human self. 
They lifted him up and fastened his arms again, then attached the electrodes to the bottom of his heels.
Interloup Fifteen - Trying to Find Where Zev has Been
The Amnesiac Young Man.
A Bedford van arrived outside the hotel about fifteen minutes later. 
The driver, a stocky fellow I had not met before who had a fish-and-chip shop face, functional and working class, opened the passenger door for Evans and me.
“Hop in Evans! So you’ve got the lad. Get in, hurry! The warehouse is only two minutes away. The boys have already put up the detectors.” 
We got in. 
The van bumped along the streets and we were there in five minutes. 
The driver hopped out and opened the warehouse door. 
The rear doors opened and two men leapt out. They began carrying the machine into the warehouse. Evans was supervising, barking, “Put that there,” and, “Watch that, it’s delicate, this way up!,” etcetera. 
We went in. 
In the corner, next to a cabinet, there was a desk with some sort of device upon it with lots of buttons and dials, and the machine was being assembled in the middle. 
There was a great many parts, wires to plug in, valves and lightbulbs to screw in, and things to bolt together. Nevertheless they assembled it quickly. 
It was a large cylinder with parts jutting out everywhere. There was a large metal piece around it, on some sort of rails, with coils of wire around what might have been electrical motors. 
Evans pointed and said to me, “Get into the middle of that thingamahickey.” 
I crawled into the cylinder. There was a flat bed, of some smooth, hard substance, a lead alloy perhaps, so I laid myself down on it and waited. 
Chug, chug, chug, the diesel generator coughed along, the largest metal piece scraped into position and the whole thing clunked and grinded and clattered like a truck with a defective engine. 
After a very long time, the machine finally clunked to a stop. Evans said, “Come out now,” so out I clambered. 
Evans held a long piece of photographic paper onto which a series of squiggles and lines had been exposed, with the end of the paper still attached to the machine. He tore it off. 
He examined it.
Waving it around, he said, “This tells us everything. There are resonances at 23.502, 22.761 and 39.142.” 
“Megacycles per second?” I said. During the trip from London to Liverpool, Evans had explained radio to me in great detail. 
Evans said, “No. These figures are multiplied by ten to the power of thirty cycles per second. There currently exists no prefix for a number that high. Providing that the Wolf-Lady and Zev are both still within the city surrounds of Liverpool I think I should be able to pick up their ætheric signatures.” He wrote down the numbers. “Take these numbers. Go!” 
The driver and the other two men left quickly, and the sound of the van receded. 
Evans said, “Now we have a cup of tea. And we wait.” 
As he sipped his tea, Evans said, “You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book short enough to suit me.” 
About twenty minutes later the van screeched to a stop. The three men ran in. One of them gave Evans three rectangular cards with holes punched in them. 
Evans quickly ran over to the desk and wrote down a series of figures, then attacked the machine with great ferocity, punching keys and pressing buttons with an insane intensity. 
The driver turned to me and whispered, “Comptometer. A machine for calculating figures. Takes a good deal of skill to operate, it does.”
The Comptometer whirred and clicked and finally Evans wrote down a series of figures. He stood up and said, “Here we are! Latitude, 53 degrees, 24 minutes, 6 seconds. And Longitude, minus 2 degrees, 59 minutes, and 5 seconds.” 
The driver took out a map and laid it out on the table. Evans found a place on the map and pointed to it and said, “The ætheric signal was very strong. They are both there. Argyle Street! It’s only a block away. Take your guns. On the quadruple!” 
Evans opened the cabinet and each man took a gun. 
He barked at me in a tone of command, “Stay here!” A feeling of panic stabbed me in the pit of my stomach which must have shown on my face, for Evans said reluctantly, “Oh, alright then, come along, but you must stay in the van.”
I ran out and leapt into the back of the van with Evans’ two helpers, and Evans sat in the front next to the driver. The van screeched off, and the ride was short but very bumpy. 
The two men opened the rear of the van and leapt out. 
I heard Evans and the driver get out as well, and I heard four sets of footsteps running, and the warehouse door being kicked in, then nothing. No gunshots, no shouting, nothing at all. 
I waited for a very long time. 
It must have been fifteen minutes, I began counting seconds, working out how long. 
I figured half an hour. 
Forty five minutes. 
An hour. 
I tried to be patient, I really did. 
I wanted to do what Evans had told me to do. 
But I couldn’t wait any longer. Such apprehension - it is a cruel fate to suffer so - the suspense was killing me. 
I put my head out of the back of the van, looking around to see if I could see anything. 
There was the open door of the warehouse, but inside the warehouse was nothing but darkness. 
I looked around in the van for a weapon. I could find nothing except for an open-ended spanner a foot and a half in length. I picked it up - it wasn’t too heavy for me to swing - I could at least deliver a decent bump on the head with it. 
There was still no sound coming from the warehouse. 
What if Evans and his cronies had been captured? 
They had been carrying guns and I had nothing but a metal spanner in my hand. 
What could I do that they hadn’t? I would be... disobeying orders. I would be risking my life as well. It wouldn’t be cowardly to stay here a little longer - just wise - but I couldn’t stay. I couldn’t remember anything specific about my upbringing, but somewhere deep inside me I felt that to desert my friends, to abandon people who had helped me when I was in need, was against everything I had been brought up to believe in. 
Ellulianæ aiohiCwa, what shall I do? 
I waited longer. They still hadn’t come out. 
After all this time waiting I could only conclude that Evans and his friends had been disabled before they had even reached the interior of the warehouse.  
Well, I wasn’t going to go through the front door - that would simply be stupid.
The warehouse was connected on both sides to other buildings without a gap. I followed the wall around the building on the right looking for another door or an open window, or some other way in. 
At the corner of the street was a wooden gate. I pushed it open and went through. I found myself in a brick courtyard with a single stall stable, a watering trough and some hay. There was no horse in the stable.  
I looked at the building whose rear opened onto the courtyard and saw a sign in the window - ‘Police’ - it was the local police station! I dropped the spanner on the ground, thinking they might get the wrong impression if I ran in there carrying a potential weapon. 
I ran up the steps, through the door and found myself in a corridor. I ran through. The corridor opened out into the reception area. 
There was a policeman sitting at a desk.
I said, “Constable! Constable! I just saw four men with guns run into that building next door!” 
“Oh lad, you don’t expect me to believe that do you? This is a quiet industrial suburb and nothing much ever happens here.” 
“I’m telling the truth.” 
“Come on lad, let it up. Why aren’t you in school, anyway? Shouldn’t be out and about today.” 
“I’m with a friend of my family - I was helping him with something. His name is Evans.” I almost told him Evans was a secret agent, but I thought that might be stretching the bounds of credibility to breaking point. 
“Look lad, we’re taking you in for truancy. You ought to be in school right now.” He stood up and stepped out from behind the desk, and grabbed my shoulder very firmly. I could no longer move my upper body - he had me. 
So I kicked him in a very sensitive place. He bent over with a great groan and I began running as fast as I could.
“STOP HIM!” cried the policeman. “STOP that boy! He just kicked me in the bollocks! Get him!” 
I was already down the corridor and out the back door. 
I picked up the spanner as I went along. I sprinted at the wall of the warehouse. 
There was a window about my height there. I smashed it with the spanner, cleared the broken glass from the windowsill and hauled myself up and over it, and into the warehouse. 
There were five policemen following closely at my heels. The first, the one I had kicked, put his hand over the windowsill. I made a quick purview of my surroundings - there were four men in the corner, gathered around two naked prisoners - one I recognised as Zev and the other I realised must be Zelfa, the Wolf-Lady. 
Wait a moment - I suddenly realised they weren’t men - they had hair on their legs - they had the legs of goats. I retched. It seemed unnatural. It was very, very wrong. 
I had no memories of people like this in Ultima Thule. 
There were bales of hay across to the side. I ran over behind the hay bales and hid, just as the first policeman fell clumsily through the window. 
From my hiding place, in quite a panic now, I looked around for any sign of Evans and the other four men. They simply weren’t there. 
The four fauns had turned around. They saw the five policemen tumbling clumsily into the warehouse. They ran towards them and leapt at them, cloven hooves first. The policemen were trying to clamber away backwards and pull out their truncheons at the same time. The fauns were quick, so very quick! Two of the policemen were knocked unconscious in no time at all. 
Suddenly a cry came from the next level in the warehouse. Evans and the three men leapt down from the platform, onto the bales of hay and threw themselves down at the fauns. 
Evans grabbed two of them as he fell and conked their heads together. They swooned and dropped to the ground, unconscious. The other two were whirling around, kicking and scratching at Evans’ helpers and the two remaining policemen, one of whom was the fellow I had kicked. 
Two of Evans’ helpers went down and so did the other policeman. Those fauns were fast! But Evans pulled out his revolver and shot one of the fauns in the ankle. 
The other surrendered immediately. But then something grabbed my arm and I felt a metal barrel being poked into my neck. 
“Stop right there!” said the voice belonging to my attacker. “Stop or I’ll kill this man-kid!” 
I looked up at the owner of the voice - another faun.  He was holding me firmly but wasn’t moving very fast, indeed, he was almost stumbling, and I soon saw why.  He had a broken or sprained ankle with a pattern of wounds upon his foot that looked like teeth - a wolf bite, perhaps. 
I still had the spanner in my hand. I wrenched myself away from him and hit him in the other foot with the spanner, as hard as I possibly could. 
He cried out and dropped the gun. I kicked it away, behind the hay bales. 
“You stop or I’ll shoot,” said Evans, holding his gun at the head of the other conscious faun, his prisoner. “He’s not human you know - according to the law of this land it’s not murder.” 
Evans’ faun said, “Of course it’s murder - we are Nyashallyamae. Even in this, the realm of the Leviathan, you have laws.” 
“There is no law like that here. It is only murder in this world if the victim is human.” I thought Evans might be pushing his case a little farther than it would go, but the faun threatening me obviously didn’t believe so. He held his hands up, palms open in the universal gesture of surrender. One of the policemen came over immediately and put handcuffs on him and escorted him out to the front of the building, then presumably to the lockup to get charged. 
The police took Evans’ faun away as well. Evans took off his coat and put it around the Wolf-Lady. 
One of the policeman was staring at her face quizzically, but Evans just said, “Costume party. Very good costumes. Don’t try and take those hoofs off the fauns, though - ahem... they’re stuck on too tightly - my fellows will take care of that - could be technology there that we could use,” and then showed his Bureau badge and shooed the police away, while one of his men brought in a pair of blankets from the car and wrapped them around the Wolf-Lady and Zev. 
They were both injured; the Wolf-Lady’s injuries were mostly superficial, a lot of bruises, but Zev’s were more serious. Evans said he thought Zev had some bad electrical burns and possibly broken ribs. An ambulance arrived within minutes for Zev, but the Wolf-Lady went in the van with me, two of the three men and Evans. 
Evans’ third man had a serious concussion and went off in another ambulance. 
Interloup Sixteen - Wolf-Lady
Wolf-Lady.
Evans paid for a hotel room, and the Wolf-Lady slept in a very comfortable bed for about thirty hours. When she had awakened and was ready for company he had told her to knock on the wall - his room was the next one along - so she did. 
Evans knocked on her door promptly. She answered the door with her hood over her face, in case there might be anyone out in the corridor. 
Evans said, “I’m inviting the others in here for a meeting, if that’s alright with you.” 
She nodded. Evans gestured. 
Evans said, “The lad is still asleep. He will be here soon.” 
Zev and the driver appeared at the door. 
Evans said, “Zev healed quickly. Two days ago he was in intensive care and it was touch and go whether he’d make it. But now, he’s up and about.” 
Zev said, “In pain, though.” 
Zev’s eyes were immediately drawn to the Wolf-Lady - she gazed at him as he came in - she couldn’t seem to help it. 
Evans didn’t even seem to notice, but the Wolf-Lady saw that the driver’s left eyebrow was raised slightly and he was looking at Zev; perhaps he had seen it. 
The Wolf-Lady lowered her eyes and examined the carpet. She didn’t want to make a spectacle of herself. Zev and the driver sat down at the small square table, then the Wolf-Lady. Evans sat down last, after bringing out a briefcase and laying it open on the table.  
“I think the time has come to make some plans,” said Evans. “We each have a purpose in this matter, something we want to accomplish, Now is the time to lay our mah-jong tiles on the table, so to speak, and see if we can’t come to some mutually beneficial arrangement. By the way, Zev, meet Zelf.” 
Zev said, “We have met already,” his eyes met hers. 
She wasn’t sure if he was smiling - his expression reminded Zelf strangely of the Mona Lisa - a painting in the Louvre in Paris. Zelf nodded at him, though, her golden eyes regarding him steadily. 
He continued staring back at her. 
“Well,” said Evans, “Torture in a warehouse is hardly a good first meeting.” 
Zelf shook her muzzle and said, “Before that. I saw him standing on the wharf.” 
Zev turned red and looked away. 
The driver looked at them both with even more interest than before. Evans looked at him and raised both eyebrows - that was significant - then continued with, “Oh, yes, that’s right; this is Jonas, our driver for this little project. He also happens to be a munitions expert and something of a zoologist as well.” 
Jonas said modestly, “Only an amateur zoologist I’m afraid. But I am a genuine munitionist, though.” 
Evans rolled his eyes and explained, “Jonas is quite ridiculously humble. He is practically a card-carrying genius at munitions, actually. Though we do not have academic rankings, if he was at a university he would be a Professor specialising in munitions research. A very intelligent fellow. And dependable and his ah... life philosophy is not too closed-minded, shall we say... There are many in the Bureau I would not trust to cope very well with the um... realities of our situation. Other worlds and all that.” 
Zev said, “Look, Evans, I have a question - what were those fauns? Why did they abduct us? What do they want?”
Evans said, “Faun supremacists. They are (possibly) the enemies of our enemies in Ultima Thule, the elves. The faun supremacists wish to gain control of the technology that can open the gate between worlds, so that they can invade England and have a base from which to attack the elven rulers of Ultima Thule. That is why they were after Zelf - they want her submarine.” 
Zelf said, “I am glad we have finally been able to set up our meeting, Evans. I had doubts about the ability of your technology to detect ætheric vibrations, but I see now that it can detect even tiny amounts. Ahem... I would not have thought the technology you could develop would be capable of finding anyone from the tiny amount of ætheric vibration a person makes.” 
Evans smiled a peculiar half-smile, clearly he had reservations about accepting such a back-handed compliment. He said, “Well, Zelf, it’s all to do with calibration, really. With these high frequencies, when the equipment is set for the correct range the results simply jump out of the ætheric background hum. Or to put it in simpler terms, we were very lucky you were both still in Liverpool, and together. But when it comes to finding what I like to call ley lines - their radiation signature really is much larger, easier to find - ” 
Zelf said, “What are you suggesting, Evans?” 
Evans tapped his fingernails on the table as he said, “Let me install my detectors in your submarine. Take us with you - me, Zev, the lad. I can find the places where the ley lines are strongest, the places where portals are easier to make, and we can make doorways to the other world. In your submarine, you are able to make a portal. We can travel with you. It enables you to travel home, it gives us the unique opportunity to see the reality of what’s out there - your world - spy on the other side, so to speak.” 
Zelf said, “You want to use my ship to spy on my world?” She had doubts about whether she would be helping him do that.
Evans said, “Come, now - we know that you have as many arguments with the elven rulers of Ultima Thule as we do.” 
Zelf frowned. “The world you call Ultima Thule is not my world. It is just one of many worlds on the World Tree, Hilhaglyl Glüdzæ. I am not sure that our interests will always coincide, human.”
Evans said, “Well - then we need some sort of pact - a contract, of sorts…”
Zelf said, “I think I’d like an assurance from you that you will not act without my agreement while you are on my ship, Mister Evans.” 
Evans said, “...so you are asking for a power of veto over our actions while we are in your ship, Zelf? You want me to submit all my actions to the authority of a foreigner? One who is not even from this earth? I am afraid that I may not be able to do that, given my prior commitment to His Majesty, and His Majesty’s Special Branch.”
Zelf shook her head. “Well, Mister Evans, it would seem we have no agreement, then.” 
Evans paced around the table, pursing his lips.
He said, “It’s a simple matter, Zelf. I have given a vow to serve King and country. In all conscience I am not sure I can agree to giving you a power of veto over my actions. There must be some other way...”
 Zelf said, “It is also very simple to me. I am the captain of my submarine. Anyone who is on my ship is subject to my orders. Cope with that, human, or do not agree to come.” 
Zev said, “I suppose I can agree...” 
Evans snapped, “Zev! That really is not very helpful.” 
Jonas said, “It only seems fair, Evans, after all, it is her ship. Look, ah... Zelf,” he seemed uncomfortable talking to her, talking to an animal; that’s how he saw her, she thought to herself, watching him squirm in discomfort. “Wolf-Lady - ah - Zelf, how about if we agree that if we disobey your orders, you can leave us behind? You know - that’s what they did years ago, i’n’t it? Pirates, Navy, walk the plank, leave ‘em behind on a desert island, all that sort of thing.” 
Zev said, “After all, we will be guests on her submarine, if she accepts us as her travelling companions... Come, now, Evans, surely you are a proper gentleman - a gentleman must accept hospitality in the spirit it is given.”
Zelf was very pleased with this speech, and she revealed one of her rear canines to Zev and growled her approval.
Evans sighed.
“Well, it looks as though I am outvoted. Alright, Zelf. I agree, in principle to submit my um... important decisions to you. You may throw me off your ship if I fail to inform you of something you consider important.”
“You are hedging a little, Mister Evans, but I suppose I should expect that from a spy. I will accept your vow, on my terms.” 
She reached her paw forward but Evans withdrew his hand and said, “Just a moment, Zelf, there’s one more thing. I want your agreement that you will bring Jonas and me back afterwards as well. Back here to England.”
Zelf thought for a moment. To come back here was not in her plans, not in the least. But if she didn’t agree to this she wouldn’t be going anywhere. 
She had to leave this world. It was worth agreeing to Evans’ bargain to make that possible. 
Zelf said, “Alright, Evans. I agree to take you, the boy Troy and this fellow Jonas to Ultima Thule and bring you back again to Ing-Gland, if we can find an Ætheric Portal. You agree to provide the Ætheric Detectors. And you submit any important decisions to me for approval; if at any stage you fail to do so, I may throw you off the submarine.” 
And paw shook hand. 
The journey could go ahead. 
~~~
End of Book One
Look for Book Two of Robert Denethon’s Steam Submarine, Cryptoloup, in the catalogue of the ebook retailer of your choice.
Return to Table of Contents
DEDICATION
This dedication is reproduced exactly as it occurs in the first edition. Spelling and punctuation mistakes were rare in Submariner’s Map Imprint publications, which makes Professor Baumgarter’s theory seem plausible, that these apparent printing mistakes were intentional on Denethon’s part, inserted for some unfathomable reason known only to his complicated brain. That the dedication (as printed in the first edition) might contain a secret code is, (to split an infinitive) however, the most ridiculous idea Baumgarter ever put forward, and ought to be contemned as the non-sequitar it undoubtedly is.
~~~
Every passing day
I think of thee
Submariner and Wolf Lady
The one true hearted wolf Ive ever known
Every passing day
I think of thee
Lest you think I could forget
But let this book tell you
I still do remember you
My sage
My mage
Singer of my God songs
The only realm I found where I belong 
This Welfing song
is yours alone
To you I dedicate this tome
Sixteen the chapters
This the first in Steam Submarine
Read well and secrets will of other worlds appear 
That tell of Zelf in realms not here
a cleveR Delfyc cryptogryphonical
    signD
Return to Table of Contents
Preface -  The Troubling Fountain of All Mythology 
That Robert Denethon in this book has perhaps written an unintentional allegory of his own life, his love, in artistic form; this, at least, is the thesis advanced by the editor and annotator of this first edition, P________, and it is an hypothesis that bears further examination. 
There exists an essay that Robert Denethon wrote upon the subject of the anima and the animus, those ancient alchemical symbols of the self, often expressed in mediaeval texts as an hermaphroditic angel, half male, half female. In it, Denethon seems to be hinting at some sort of basic disillusionment, but it seems, not a fatal disillusionment - a sort of confrontation with the reality of this mythical other half in person. As the Indian philosophy of Ardhanadrœfvara says - 
‘Wife is, in fact, one half of the man. as long a man is not married, he can not regenerate himself and remains incomplete. He becomes complete, when he gets a wife and produces progeny...’
Throughout a life, a person seeks their other half. But at some point one finds this person - and here is what Denethon says about the result: 
What if a man’s anima was not just a myth, but a living person, flesh and blood, who sweats, weeps, laughs, and speaks in riddles or in truth, one who is capable of wisdom and folly, reverence and mockery, angelic and demonic in the same measure as any of us, but most of all, a person fully human and fully alive? What a strange, terrible thing, to be confronted with the shadow of one’s own follies and shortfallings, in the mirror image, as it were.  
But this strange alchemy hints at something more than this: at the bottom of all our dreams, all our mythology, all the stories we tell each other by the light of the campfire, perhaps, is the deepest fountain of all, the most hidden place, as they called it at the Areopagus, the altar of the unknown god. 
And the Indian idea of the other half is perhaps a faint echo of this reality.
In other words, what troubles us even more than encountering our anima, is when this first of all alphas, this unknown God, becomes real, and speaks to us. When this unknown God walks amongs us and does miracles, and calls us to follow him, or speaks his own mysteries in terms plainer and simpler than we would like to believe they are, more absolute than we want to hear or accept. 
And when someone calls upon him for a miracle, and says, ‘I believe, Ellulianæn, help my unbelief,’ and he answers.
So when this God brings forth out of the realm of dreams and visions, one who is a person’s other half, yet is no dream but a flesh and blood, imperfect, excruciating, discomfiting human being: then perhaps marriage is a matter of being shocked by one’s own image reflected back - the sound of one’s own imperfect voice speaks in answer to the call, in a troubling echo - I, as broken as I am, see myself in you, as broken as you are, and yet I love you. 
When one can no longer worship one’s anima (or animus, in the opposite case) one can no longer worship oneself. 
Then, perhaps, the soul becomes a place wherein God can dwell.
Denethon: the Anima and the Animus in Art, 1968
Such a speech hints at a difficult ordeal in Denethon’s life. Clearly the path of true love was not smooth. Did he really marry this woman? Even the answer to this fundamental question is not known - Denethon was a recluse - so little is known of the facts of his life, his biography is a surd, an unknown quantity, a strange attractor. 
It might, therefore, be stretching the point to see every single fact in this book as an allegory, since so little is known of the fellow.
Even Denethon’s birthplace is obscure - some conspiracists say that this is because he was born in Ultima Thule, others say that it is because he never existed at all. The name ‘Denethon’ may indeed be as fictitious as his works, although the anecdote rings true that when Robert’s father first read Lord of the Rings and found a villain named Denethor in there he was so upset about the slur to the family name that he threatened to sue Tolkien for libel, and it was only lack of funds (in terms of English pounds - he had some wealth in Ultima Thulean currency, apparently) that prevented him from taking this lawsuit to a successful conclusion. 
But to find out whether the son Robert married this female person whom he believed to be his anima (or animus), or whether he simply loved her from afar - and the answer to this is perhaps hidden in the many papers and archive boxes that Denethon left behind - speaking simply, more research is needed. Perhaps someone will need to look into such things as marriage registers, voting records, the census and the like, before an answer is definitively known. 
That P________, occupied with sorting out Denethon’s literary papers, has not discovered the facts yet is indubitably ascribable to the general disorder in which these papers were found, and the necessity of putting first things first. Without the literature, the life is worthless - it is Robert Denethon’s literary output that makes the facts of his life worth knowing, and not the other way around - thus P________ has begun with the literature, only hinting at points where life seems to impact art. He is making connexions, pointing the way forwards, making a scratch map of the places, as it were, that a later biographer of Denethon may wish to explore.
Anyhow, in this first English edition of the Griffonomiconus Steamus Submarinus, P________ has given us annotations gleaned from Denethon’s poetry about his love affair with this mysterious ‘lady of the stars,’ his ‘beautiful dark-haired girl, head among the stars, heart full of wisdom.’ It seems from everything gleaned so far that this was a completely platonic relationship, as much as any mediaeval love affair, as chaste as the love Spencer’s knight had for his Faerie Queen, and perhaps as mysterious and mortally incomplete as Dante’s love for his Beatrice, and yet, there is no doubt that she made a very strong impression on him; that fact is attested by the 373 poems and fragments that he wrote for her.
Yet when we look at this book, what a strange figure Denethon uses as an allegory for his love (if indeed she is allegorical) - the figure of the wolf-lady, an otherwordly character, a strangely self-contradictory, paradoxical figure - both innocent and predator, victim and victor, lamb and lamb-eater. What can be meant by this? We can only hope that later scholarship will tease out the symbolism and find the peculiar truths that may lay behind the particular image. At this moment, we have only Denethon’s work to rely on and little more. P________ has done his best to give us the few other facts that can be teased out to complete the partial image, and for this much, we must be very grateful, as it is the culmination of a lifetime’s work.
Indeed, P________ himself has expressed the thought privately to me that he feels this work is his ‘dim mirror’, quoting in I Corinthians 13:12,  ‘for now we see in a mirror dimly, then we shall see face to face.’ 
As a friend, and a confidant, I have often put my confidence in his truthfulness and honesty, although his personal mental stability and sanity is not always unquestionable.
Be that as it may, this work is one that I believe will stand the test of time - P________’s annotated transposition of Denethon’s Steam Submarine - and I truly hope that you will enjoy it as much as I have.
Return to Table of Contents

Footnote 1) For instance, some have pointed out that a chapter title in the fourth book, ‘The Road to Emmaus,’ might be a reference to a group within the Roman Catholic church that provided marriage counseling for prospective partners in Denethon’s day. Yet this is going too far - P________ is sure, and I follow him in this, that this is a singular and unusual coincidence rather than some sort of intentional symbolism.
Return to text
Footnote 2) Was it lucky accident or design that there are exactly 373 poems? It seems an incontravertible fact that it was design. Knowing Denethon’s penchant for Biblical numerology, 373 is surely a significant number. This thesis is worthy of examination - the number in Greek Gematria of the word, Logos, λογοσ, meaning Word in the theologickal sense applied to Jesus in John 1:1-10, is 373, but this is also the simply common Greek word meaning ‘word’ - thus we have 373 poems - each a ‘word’ of its own, in a sense, the collection making a ‘word’ also... 373 is also the 74th prime number, and this is surely significant to Denethon, who wishes his works to conform to the Divine Will, 7 being the divine, overriding number, and 4 being the number of cardinal points in the creation. And one must not forget the Gematria value 373 is found in the book of Isaiah in the phrase מ שלג ‘than snow’ in Hebrew, the significance of which may be seen in the fact that 373 is a number that can be arranged as a star, or perhaps, as a snowflake, composed of 7 stars each with 37 units, and 6 hexagons each with 19 units. Enoch, who was taken up to God, lived for 373 years. Interestingly, 370 is a number indicating completeness, and 73 in Hebrew Gematria is the number of divine wisdom חָכמָה. the mysterious and hidden female expression of divinity. 
Return to text
Footnote 3) Of course, every mirror in the 1st century Roman empire was dim, in other words, gave a poor quality reflection, for they originally used polished brass to make their mirrors, and while Pliny mentions glass mirrors backed by gold leaf by 77ad, the modern process that gives an exact likeness wasn’t invented until 1835 by Justus von Liebig.
Return to text
Footnote 4) For instance P________ has told me that in L____, where he lives, he sometimes glimpses the author of this book standing in the corner of the room beside the hatstand; a shockingly physical presence glimpsed out of the corner of his eye. At other times he spots gnomes standing by the side of the street, then realises there is a gnarly treestump standing there, and once, other creatures, indescribable, threatening, pale, insectine things with many limbs and pincers and the like - such visions that would cause grown men to instantaneously develop knocking knees. In moments of slight drunkenness he is wont to claim that these visions are echoes from the other world, from Ultima Thule, perhaps, or other, nearer and more disturbing ambits, that exist in parallel to our own existence. Denethon, of course, is said to hail from one of the other worlds on the World Tree, or others say that he has gone there; wherever ‘there’ may be, but these rumours can neither be verified nor disproven, and according to the more suspicious commentators were most likely started by Denethon himself as a way to increase his own notoriety. 
Return to text
Footnote 5) viz. Denethon’s Sonnet V
	I am a wolf. I stare at you, unblinkingly 
	from the shadows, across the other side. 
	You are a wolf. You stare back at me. 
	Strange golden † eyes. You abide,
	In the very place I sought to see you.
	You wait for me there, but I cannot come,
	Not yet. The other she-wolves wish to be you. 
	I wait. I watch. You watch. The moon, the sun, 
	The seasons pass like slowly whirling moons. 
	Yet still your golden eyes, deep as death, 
	Watch me. I howl mournful tunes.
	I watch you watch me, still as breath,
	Gentle as the grey fur on your underside.
	Passionate as the hunt. My wolf-bride.
~~~
† In some versions of this sonnet the eye colour is grey rather than golden; surely a peculiarity for a wolf.
Return to text
Footnote 6) Even in the Fallen Realms, no wolf would ever put an animal in a cage, prolong its suffering, give it strange diseases and then put an ointment on it to see if the ointment would give it boils or pimples. And no wolf would ever think to hunt animals for sport.
Return to text
Footnote 7) One tries to imagine the reason for the wolf metaphor in Denethon’s work; it is simply impossible to fathom. It is said that he owned a dog; did he thereby attain some sympathy for the domestic canine’s wilder cousin? It is said that a wolf, once he or she imprints, will be bonded to that partner for life; is that why he uses this metaphor, as a symbol for faithfulness? Or did the unnamed object of his affections perhaps possess the surname, “Wolf” or one of the many variants in other languages? (Ze’ev in Hebrew, interestingly, Wolff, Loupe, Lupus, Phelan, Lykalos, López, Blaeth, Reszo, Farkas, Farquhar, etcetera...) Or is the wolf even a cryptic reference to music? The immortal Mozart is said to have been one of Denethon’s favourite composers, his name ‘Wolfgang’ means wolf-raven; also Zaeldh’nun, the elvish composer, well loved by Denethon as well - interestingly, Zaeldh’nun means ‘wolf’ in Hwellwellyn elvish! This brings us to Sonnet XXII, which mentions Mozart and the wolf metaphor§:
		    Sonnet XXII
	I am watching Hitchcock's Vertigo
	You remind me of her, wolf of mine
	Your darker self a hidden dream, I glimpse, (though 
	Truly I think you more sane than her, my sign
	Of every hope I've ever held in this world.)
	Let me watch that film with you, my star;
	The way you look at me, love unfurled,
	Flying like a flag, reminds me of her,
	I would kiss you, let passion unfold like a flower 
	Let there be no falling, no despair,
	Let Mozart be our sign in hope's sweet hour,
	And I will ask you to marry me there.
	God grant that all these dreams be true
	All I ever want in future life is you.
§There are many other poems that mentions wolves also, see footnote 7.
Return to text
Footnote 8) The Fallen Realms are the realms where death entered the Cosmos, through Adam and Eve.
Return to text
Footnote 9) Zelf’s people, the Welfings, hunted only for food, and that, only when they lived in one of the dark realms.  In Zelf’s own realm, First Den, no one ate meat at all.
Return to text
Footnote 10) Ælz io æülinaz  is literally, “Alpha of Alphas” in Old Hwellwellyn. The final z disappears before ‘io’ in contractions or is replaced by ‘n’, giving the etymology,  Ælioülianan for Ellulianæn. The dipthong Æ is the first letter in the Old Hwellwellyn Alphabet: indicating the belief that Ellulianæn existed before everything.
Return to text
Footnote 11) Endnote for this chapter. The wolf metaphors are so ubiquitous in Denethon’s poetry - as well as the one’s mentioned earlier, see also the sonnets, XIII, XXII, XXXI, also the aforementioned, and the ones from the 199 poems that I mention later in this chapter’s footnotes, also the songs, ‘Lone Wolf Howling’, ‘Lady Wolf’, ‘Wolf Moon Rising’, the poem ‘Lamb’ (a rendering of the biblical parable of the lost sheep), the individual poems ‘Sadness’ and ‘Aslan’s Dance - Wisdom’. Indeed, wolf metaphors and references abound in Denethon’s 373 poems, (note that in some later editions, his 372 poems, actually); for instance, here are just a few I found in a cursory search of the 199. Interestingly, Zev himself is mentioned in one of them: 
		extract from Poem number 2. from ‘a poem a day for 199¥ days’
	Am I a sheep? Perhaps; I hope to God.
	(Or did a wolfish snap, in a moment, ruin it all?)
	It is stress and loneliness that turns odd 
	The things I say or do. And then I fall. 
		extract from Poem number 34. from ‘a poem a day for 199 days’
	You are the wolf’s ears, the butterfly’s wing, 
	You are the sun by day, the stars at night, 
	You carry every hope that life could ever bring, 
	In your breast, and every possible delight.
	      Poem number 68. 
Poem that Zev, the human werewolf, wrote for Zelf, the Welfing, the wolf-lady: 
	Of every living thing 
	You are the beautifullest
	And your fur coat
	Is the wolf-woolest
	    extract from Poem number 99. 
(Called, 99 reasons why you are beautiful; this is the 6th reason:) 
	More lovely than a wolf’s mate, in your ways 
¥Incidentally, Professor Ze’ev B. Wolfenbarter of the university of Austrich once commented that he believed there was some numerological significance to the number of poems in this section of the 373 (or 372 as I said), i.e. 199, but I simply cannot see it. I could find no name that added up to 199 using Gematria - ροβερτ ζ δενεθον , Denethon’s name in Hwellwellyn characters, adds up to 777, 777 also in Greek, ροβερτ ζ δενεθον,  (Greek gematria is functionally equivalent to Hwellwellyn), but in English ordinal gematria, Robert Z Denethon adds up to 189, not 199. Zelf adds up to 49, Ζελφ, Ζελφ - 542, Ζεω Ζεu, 412, Zev - 53. I  personally account Wolfenbarter’s theory to be complete bosh; although finding out the name of the woman Denethon loved might cast some light therein §. I think it unlikely, however, that Denethon’s fondness for gematria was quite as obsessive as Wolfenbarter suggests. Possibly Wolfenbarter got the figure 199 from Denethon’s scrawl on the working out page for the 372, ‘173 days to go,’ to which ultimate date, we don’t know. But 372-173 is, of course, 199.
§It was not until late in the course of writing this book, virtually on the eve of publication, that I found some information that went some way towards solving this mystery; there is indeed significance to the number 373, but when I discovered it, it was too late to reset the text on most of these pages. 
The notes to Book IV elucidate my conclusions.
Return to text
Footnote 12) Denethon was apparently no stranger to despair. Some of the sonnets hint at times of darkness and defeat, such as the first one below, and ‘Dark Moon’ hints that such dark days were not unknown even after he had met his mysterious muse: 
                    Sonnet to a Mysterious Arrival (Poem number 24, of the 199 poems.)
	Everything about you is right. 
	You are the one I was waiting for 
	All my life. You are purest starlight ¤
	In this dark world. God had you in store 
	For me, when I thought I had been beaten,
	During all the lonely, wasted years.
	(So many years). The years the locusts had eaten
	When my life was haunted by crippling fears, 
	Through loneliness, defeat, despair, and loss, 
	God planned you’d come to me, eventually,
	And make pure gold out of my life’s dross 
	He showed me you before you came to me,
	And you arrived, long after this was stated,
	Now, every tear I ever shed is compensated.
			 Dark Moon
	On certain days the dark moon rises on me 
	If then you seem to turn away, a part
	Of me believes the lies hell devises on me 
	And blackest, bleak despair fills my heart. 
	I half believe you truly do not love me 
	I start to think I’ll never marry you. 
	Dark world. I forget heaven above me
	I know you won’t want me to worry you. 
	I moan - my heart in wilderness dwells, all my 
	Sorrows start to haunt me from the past.
	A screech owl hardly screeches less, and I 
	Watch lonely years stretch ahead, aghast.
	But when I dwell on you, my spirit lifts: 
	For our God is a God of grace, and undeservèd gifts.
Yet, compare this fragment, from another poem:  
	Behind the melody of your speaking, I hear heaven’s voice.
	You blow into my life like a fresh breeze
	Scattering despair’s foul fume and the cobwebs of fear
	Whisking away old habits and futile anxieties 
	Like a ray of light casting darker corners clear.
¤In the Bible stars are arguably metaphors for angels; c.f. Judges 5:20, Job 38:7. Could that explain the frequency of the star metaphor in Denethon’s work? (Later footnotes explore this in more detail.)
Return to text
Footnote 13) The asylum imagery brings to mind a story that Denethon himself was incarcerated in a mental sanatorium for a short length of time after a nervous breakdown in his early twenties. Like so many stories about Denethon, it is extremely hard to either prove or disprove, and only increases the mystery of his origins and life history.
Return to text
Footnote 14)
This metaphor brings to mind a Denethon poem: 
Hawk
You are a hawk, perfect and beautiful and deadly entaloned
From far above, you espied me wandering below 
Swooping down, grasping me entire, your jaws, sharply honed
Pull me, frigid in open-mouthed fear, into the sky I go. 
~~~
In a moment of strange grace, I, mere mouse, face my demise
Watching with wonder the world revolving beneath
I cannot begrudge your hold on me, in this perfect, death-dealing vise. 
To be captured by such beauty is the most wondrous death.
Return to text
Footnote 15) 
Denethon is said to have written some music for this story, a suite for bass salpinxofone and piano.
Return to text
Footnote 16)
A cryptic reference to C.S.Lewis, perhaps, who said, “You can never get a cup of tea large enough or a book long enough to suit me.”~~~~
Return to text
This version 2014-11-25-2
