
Epic Unearthed

Thomas Turner

Copyright © 2014 Thomas Turner 


License Notes: 
Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

All rights reserved. No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system or transmitted in any form or by any means without the prior written permission of the author.

This book is dedicated to my father.
Donald Ray Turner

I tell everyone, “If I can be half the father my father was to me, I will be a great dad.”

Dedication to a Friend

In life, success can never be accomplished alone. It is the people that surround you that can help create something great, and this is the reason I am dedicating this page to Rickey Flores. When you picked up this novel, his guidance and talent is what you see on the cover and back page. I could have never done this without his inspiration.

Chapter I
The Finding

({Present Day})
Spain

“Four weeks of digging and still nothing,” Duncan murmurs, atop a hill surrounded by mountains.
“That’s because there is nothing here,” Kyle responds in a stern voice. “We only have two more weeks before our investors send us to another location. The conditions here will only worsen with fall approaching.” 
Duncan looks at the sky, feeling he has failed his fellow archeologists. The weather is dreary, and the clouds are thick and gray. The stunning scenery and howling winds make him feel as though everything is a dream. 
Duncan scans the mountainside, noticing members of his team working through their assigned areas. The closest town is eighty miles away, via rough and rocky terrain. The only people in the vicinity are his team of archeologists. Since hikers and mountain climbers found arrowheads and tools where Duncan’s team is excavating, the area seemed promising. However, the expedition has gone on for days with little success, and he is toying with the idea of moving to the next project early. 
Duncan Edwards is in excellent shape for a forty-four year old; a few noticeable wrinkles, and a touch of gray in his dark brown hair, make most of his peers think he is in his thirties. He always makes a dramatic impression with his good looks and personality. His lean, muscular build, with olive skin, and piercing blue eyes, does not go unnoticed when he walks into a room. 
“We have fourteen days here; let’s make sure we utilize our time. Go check the sites to the east; I am not giving up yet.” Duncan calmly says to Kyle.
Kyle nods his head and walks down the trail, toward a team of archeologists working in the field. He makes his rounds to see if his coworkers have missed anything. Without the needed breakthrough, the project is becoming frustrating. 
The idea was Mr. Callaway’s, one of the main investors, for Duncan to excavate the area. In Duncan’s past, he has had success with places like this. With rivers and fertile land, the location is ideal for an ancient civilization to thrive, but right now, the site is driving him crazy.
Kyle Hightower, who has worked under Duncan for five years and has the respect of his fellow archeologists, was the type of student who never had to study other than a couple of hours before a test. He has a great deal of common sense and problem solving comes naturally to him. In his early thirties, with sandy brown hair, and brown eyes, he steps under the canopy of a dig site and asks Raymond, a student intern, if he has found anything interesting.
“Nothing,” Raymond replies as he works. “I have examined this area thoroughly, and found only two arrowheads in the past two hours.”
As Kyle bends down and filters through a pile of excavated dirt, he notices a weird-looking stone jutting from a large chunk of clay. When he lifts it up and breaks off a section, he notices a small stone carving of a horse with reins. Raymond and Kyle bemusedly study the new discovery. The two wash off the artifact with water, and see it is an ancient work of art. Both archeologists understand they will not be able to tell where or when it was made until the carved stone goes to a lab for testing.
Kyle reaches for his walkie-talkie and contacts Duncan, “Site Four has something of interest; we have found a two pound stone figure of a horse with reins that contains a possible organic substance in the eye socket which could be carbon dated.”
“Determine exactly where you found the stone and get our crew to that location,” Duncan orders. 
Kyle knows the archeologists have been working almost twenty hours a day and says, “Because everyone is exhausted, we may need to call it a day. The artifact could have been dropped in passing hundreds or thousands of years ago. Since it’s getting close to the end of the expedition and our supplies are limited, we need to wait until daybreak. We all need to regroup before we go deeper…”
“I don’t care. Time is not on our side,” Duncan interrupts angrily. He then tries to govern his emotion, taking a deep breath. In a stern tone, he speaks into the walkie-talkie, “Get the supplies and crew there now. I don’t want excuses!”
By seven-thirty at night, Duncan’s team has completed the setup with equipment and digging tools close to the site. The weather is becoming increasingly cold, but the full moon will aid the archeologists with natural light. The crew begins working close to the rocky mountainside where they found the artifact. 
On a gut instinct, Duncan orders his team to work feverishly in the northern perimeter of site Four. Since his team has had little sleep for days, most of the crew is walking like zombies. Some cannot feel their hands because of the frigid weather.
Rachael Baker, a team leader, shouts toward her mentor, Duncan, “I found something!” A line of stones coursing through the rubble, leading uphill to the mountain side was discovered. Duncan and Kyle run quickly toward Rachael. While climbing up the loose rocks, both men slip and fall at the same time. Duncan scrapes his hands and Kyle hits his knee hard. The two stand up like nothing ever happened. 
When Duncan and Kyle arrive on the outskirts of the site, Rachael looks at their wounds and asks, “Are you guys okay? You’re both bleeding pretty badly.”
Duncan wraps his hand tightly with a bandanna to stop the bleeding and responds, “I can’t feel anything now, but I might think differently later.”
Rachael shows Duncan and Kyle the unnatural formation of stones going toward the mountain. To the archeologists, the pattern seems surprisingly manmade. There is no way of telling what they have discovered until they dig deeper.
Rachael says to Duncan, “I didn’t know what we were uncovering until I brought more light up here. When I was manipulating with artificial light, I noticed a stone formation. The configuration was in front of our faces the whole time but masked with natural rock.” 
Duncan looks at Rachael’s discovery and calls out to his team, “This area is where we will concentrate all our resources. Move our digging equipment up here!” Duncan smiles at Rachael and says, “You are the most amazing woman in the world right now; thank you!”
After hours of digging into the rock formation, the archeologists see the top of what appears to be a stone door blocked by rubble. Duncan recognizes it as a doorway into the past, but feels he has been here before. With the new discovery, Duncan’s crew becomes enthusiastic, pushing harder until they cannot dig anymore.
The archeologists eventually unearth the door and realize the true magnitude of the entrance. The stone door is almost two feet thick, sixteen feet wide, and twelve feet high. The outer part of the ingress has spectacular carvings, with writing Duncan has not seen before. The script reminds him of Egyptian hieroglyphics, yet different. 
The next morning, in haste, the crew connects chains from a jeep to the stone door. The driver of the jeep accelerates slowly, pulling at the ancient entrance. With great force, a small piece from the top of the doorway breaks off, creating a breach into the mountain. Duncan shouts for the driver to stop. The archeologists notice the gap is nearly wide enough for someone to fit into; however, without the proper equipment, the team cannot pull the stone door further without causing more damage.
While the crew removes the chains and ropes from the entrance, no one says a word. Because of alacrity, a piece of history has been marred.
Duncan walks toward Kyle, and humbly says, “We always talk about how tomb robbers destroyed history. We just did the same thing here, and it happened here under my supervision.”
“Those thieves only cared about money and riches,” Kyle replies to Duncan. “We stand for a lot more than that. We are uncovering something no one has ever seen before, so we can share this discovery with the world.”
Duncan shakes his head and says, “Still, we were reckless, and didn’t respect history or preserve this site for future generations to see in its entirety.”
Kyle puts his hand on Duncan’s shoulder and replies, “It already happened, and the only thing we can do is keep moving forward.”
Duncan and Kyle climb to the breach and feel a draft of cool air coming from the opening. Duncan takes a flashlight and looks through the chipped barrier. All the archeologists crowd around their mentor, waiting for him to say something. They are still stunned about their discovery. No one can believe what is taking place. Duncan looks inside the mountain and cannot see an end to the darkness. Finally, backing out of the entrance, he instructs his crew to return to the original camp and bring the rest of the supplies to the new site. The leadership of Duncan and the excitement of finding a new discovery are the two things keeping everyone focused. The project is already becoming overwhelming.
Duncan and Kyle sit on a rock close to the entrance, looking at each other in disbelief, then laugh. They suspect that this is about to be the biggest discovery ever. Duncan says to Kyle, “This will never be topped until we find the Ark of the Covenant.” 
“What do you expect we’ll find inside?” Kyle asks. 
Duncan replies, “Great things, Kyle, great things.”

Chapter II
A Labyrinth of History

All supplies have been moved to the new site. Everyone rests except Kyle and a couple of volunteers. While Duncan takes a quick nap, Kyle and his team dig around the entrance, just wide enough to send someone through the dark chamber of the mountain. Immediately after the task, Kyle runs urgently to Duncan’s tent to tell him the news. Duncan wakes up suddenly and smiles at his right-hand man. He dons his boots and jacket, and both men jog toward the site. Rachael is already waiting at the edge of the entrance with ropes and climbing equipment. Kyle and Duncan move quickly up the pile of rocks to the opening.
“Ready?” Rachael asks Duncan.
Rachael Baker has a slender athletic build, with long strawberry blond hair, and green eyes. Being somewhat of a tomboy, she does not get a lot of attention from her fellow male archeologists. However, when she attends social events and dresses up, she floors her peers with her natural beauty.
“Ready as I’ll ever be,” Duncan replies, as he fastens the last harness to his belt.
Duncan jokingly tells Kyle, “I’ll go in first. I may need you to save me.”
Kyle begins to laugh and says, “Well, you are forty-four years old. You may break your legs by just touching the ground. Don’t go in too fast.”
Rachael lowers Duncan into the mountain. He clicks on his flashlight and stares in amazement. The rope is twirling as he glides downward. The full descent is almost sixteen feet to the stone floor.
“What do you see?” Kyle calls to Duncan.
Duncan looks up and yells sarcastically, “I don’t know; my eyes are failing because of my age.”
Everyone on the surface laughs at the remark and Kyle says, “Real funny, Old Man.”
In a serious voice, Duncan yells toward the surface, “Kyle, you need to come down here. Rachael, you come too. There are things in here only God can explain.”
The crew lowers Kyle and Rachael into the cavity. After ten minutes, the three are on solid ground inside the mouth of the mountain. The archeologists explore in different directions with their flashlights, and notice the discovery is more than they expected. Kyle says to Duncan, “If this is the entrance, where does it end? We need more light to see the full picture.” 
The three shine their flashlights upon every structure. The archeologists are shocked at what they see with their simple observations. Numerous pathways splinter off in various directions. The stone floor inside is completely level, and walls are cut out of the mountain in straight lines. It is amazing to them how much detail went into construction. Each team member walks in different corridors and sees large cavities with buildings and statues.
“A civilization this magnificent should not be here,” Duncan yells in awe at a distance from his team. 
Kyle points his flashlight at a stone wall with metal hangers used to hold torches. Above the torches are ventilation shafts, allowing smoke to escape. As Duncan walks closer, he can feel the air being sucked slightly from the cavity.
“There’s just enough air pulling through the ventilation shafts so the torches would not go out. This is a very complex system that would have taken years to construct with a great deal of manpower,” Duncan says in disbelief. 
Duncan pokes his head inside one of the holes and looks into darkness with his flashlight. As he puts his head deeper into the aperture, Duncan’s hair is windblown. When he looks back at his colleagues, Kyle and Rachael laugh and try to look the other way from their mentor.
“The architecture doesn’t meet the profile of any other culture,” Duncan says as he slicks his hair back into place, realizing why they are laughing.
Kyle returns to the mouth of the breach and yells to the group above, “Bring down the small generators, lights, and surveying tools.” 
Meanwhile, Rachael notices that the writing on the walls does not match what is written outside. She takes a better look and says to Duncan and Kyle, “The symbols in the writing outside are vertical. These are horizontal and look totally different. Why would a civilization have two different styles of writing?”
“Maybe they had two different languages,” Duncan surmises as he tries looking down another corridor. 
The trio ventures around for hours, taking pictures. There is so much to absorb. Before noon, Duncan tells the survey crew to come down and measure the front cavity. He instructs everyone to stay in the light until more people are lowered from the surface. He does not want his crew to get lost: their safety is his responsibility. Although Duncan desires to go forward, he follows his own rules. The archeologists begin to lower generators, lights, and surveying equipment through the entrance. Eventually they turn on the lights, but the equipment is not strong enough to penetrate the darkness.
Duncan calls up to a team member, “Julie, go to the nearest town and buy the supplies we require. We need as many supplies as we can get until our main investor sends in the heavy gear. Mister Callaway has already been notified, but I don’t know when our supplies will arrive. To get what we really need may take weeks. Time is our enemy right now. I need fast solutions.” 
Duncan, Rachael, and Kyle go further into the new discovery. For safety purposes, each of the three takes a team, and explore in three different directions. Since it is their first time going so far, no one ventures more than two-hundred yards from the entrance. A labyrinth of pathways leads into larger cavities. In some areas, the ceilings reach almost eighty feet. 
Some of the buildings inside the mountain are three stories tall. Each structure has specific colors with many different pictures painted on each wall, noticeably the image of a bull. Duncan sees no resemblance to Roman, Greek, Egyptian, or Eastern cultures. The buildings inside are like nothing the archeologists have ever seen or read about. Each dwelling has a fireplace and a ventilation shaft. This is a perfectly-made city for any time period.
Close to nightfall, two days later, Mister Callaway arrives, with three helicopters full of supplies necessary to keep the expedition going. Without delay, Duncan informs the tycoon about the horse artifact found days earlier and asks that it be carbon dated. Callaway examines the stone carving, and hands it to one of his pilots to get the task done. The millionaire wants to see more of what Duncan has found, and they proceed toward the entrance. 
Even though Mister Callaway is fifty-three years old, he is in no way discouraged about being lowered into the breach. Being six feet tall, the tycoon takes a harness, then loosens and retightens the ropes to fit his body. Duncan looks at the older man with disbelief that he is willing to take the chance of getting hurt; nonetheless, he cannot refuse the investor’s enthusiasm. He needs the man’s financial resources and influence to continue the dig. 
After evaluating the ancient city, the tycoon calls several outside sources for more men and supplies. He stays at the discovery for another hour and is astonished. Callaway knows he has to get back to civilization to help expedite resources for the new find, so he leaves the site to make things happen. 
While watching the helicopter fly off into the distance, Duncan and Kyle realize they will have everything they need. Shortly after Callaway’s departure, a smart kid named Lucas yells from inside the site, “I need Duncan to come down here right now. I found something he needs to see.” 
Duncan, Rachael, and Kyle run to the breach and are sent down right away. The archeologists follow Lucas three-hundred yards from the entrance to an area where no one has ventured. 
“Look at this over here,” Lucas says excitedly. 
They follow Lucas sixty more yards into another small hallway. In the middle of a room, Duncan shines his flashlight on a set of armor with skeletal remains. The protective covering is made of silver and other metals, but remarkably has not eroded. Writing is engraved onto the armor across the breastplate, as is a symbol of a bull. The emblem seems to be the crest of the once great civilization.
“I am wondering who this could have been,” Duncan says. He shakes his head and studies the discovery.
“Do you have any thoughts about the time period?” Kyle asks his mentor. “I am trying to fit this together, but I don’t know where to begin.”
Looking around, Duncan notices something on the floor and says, “Look at this sword that seems to be made of stainless steel. This could be revolutionary. We need to find out what metals constitute this artifact. A great number of elements, including chromium and nickel, are necessary to make such a weapon. Stainless steel was not invented until the eighteenth century.”
The archeologists transport the skeletal remains, sword, and armor to the surface. They conclude the sword is indeed made of stainless steel. The crest on the armor is unlike anything they have ever seen. Duncan will ask Callaway to get the items carbon dated on the next supply run. The crews take the artifacts to a tent where they start studying the objects more closely. 
Meanwhile, a crew brings to the surface different artifacts from their exploration. The team finds gold and silver relics deeper inside the mountain. Duncan senses that this is only a fraction of what awaits them. Many places inside the mountain have yet to be excavated. 
Duncan, Kyle and Rachael decide to explore further and to continue pushing deeper inside the mountain. In case of being trapped or lost, they take food and water for a one-day’s journey. During their exploration, the team sees defensive bridges which appear to not have been walked on for thousands of years. Soon they see a small community of buildings and a marketplace deep inside the mountain. 
In the middle of a courtyard, the archeologists notice another corridor that is blocked by rubble. They climb and crawl through the obstruction. Finding a large room, they venture in and see what seems to be a place of worship. The cavity is about twelve-thousand square feet, and the ceiling inside is fifty feet high. The room is beautifully sculpted with intricate designs, and the writings on the walls are vertical. A forty foot tall statue constructed of pure granite towers toward the ceiling. The face of the sculpture is an old man standing as if he is looking at the heavens. From the foot of the huge monument, the archeologists look up in amazement. 
Rachael notices two black marble pyramids inside the cavity, standing twenty feet high and thirty feet across. “Look at these structures. The style looks as though they are between Greek and Egyptian. In my opinion, the timeline of this civilization is two to four-thousand years ago.”
Duncan flashes his light around the cavity and says, “The religion of these people seems to have been centered on one god in their civilization, so this culture might have been monotheistic. Look around. There are no other statues to worship. Considering the history of man, this also doesn’t make sense. Except for the last two-thousand years, many past civilizations believed in multiple gods. The timetable is off. There are so many unanswered questions here. This culture is one of a kind.” 
Kyle says, “Rachael, take pictures. There is very little light here, but the flash from your camera will help show what is in the shadows. We should be able to better understand the photos at the surface.”

Chapter III
Before Written History

Callaway returns to the ancient site with the requested supplies and equipment. His crew lands five helicopters three-hundred yards from the mouth of the entrance. The millionaire has brought thirty men and women to help excavate the new find. Callaway has also brought a small bulldozer, carried by an aerial crane. 
Duncan runs toward the millionaire, ducking his head to avoid wind gusts from the rotors, to inform the investor of the breastplate and the skeletal remains found in the city. Kyle and another archeologist put the two artifacts inside a helicopter, and Callaway orders the two items to be taken immediately for carbon dating.
While the aircraft prepares to lift off with the ancient relics, Callaway tries to yell over the sound of the blades to Duncan, “I have wonderful news. Is there anywhere private that we can talk?” 
Kyle and Duncan follow Callaway. The tycoon turns around and says, “This is a private matter. Kyle, can you give us a moment?” 
Duncan looks at his right-hand man, giving him a nod of reassurance. As Kyle walks away, he turns back to watch the tycoon and his mentor enter a tent.
“What is so important that I can’t have my best archeologist here?” Duncan asks bluntly.
Callaway looks around the tent and says softly, “Kyle needs to hear this from you. You may need to sit down.” 
“What is going on?” Duncan asks, sipping water from his canteen.
Callaway looks at Duncan as though he can hardly believe what he is about to say and responds, “The carbon dating came back from the stone horse; the artifact is a lot older than you and I expected.”
“How old is this site?” Duncan asks, pacing around. He’s finding it difficult to wait for the answer.
Callaway looks quickly outside the tent to see if anyone is nearby. He turns back to Duncan, pausing to gather his thoughts, and says, “The stone horse looks as if it is about nine-thousand-five-hundred years before Christ. We need more artifacts for verification. There is a good chance you just uncovered the discovery of the century.”
Duncan leans against a small portable table, barely keeping his emotions in check as he replies, “Callaway, you may be right. In the last three decades, archeologists have found cities dating right after the Ice Age. This new find could change the way we see mankind before written history. Look at the ancient site close to the shore of India. Experts say those two cities are the size of Manhattan and twelve-thousand years old. The structures are immersed under one-hundred-twenty feet of water inside the Gulf of Cambay. After the glaciers melted, oceanographers say the oceans rose three to four-hundred feet, submerging the ancient site. With what I know, mankind flourished after the Ice Age and then something happened. It could have been disease, climate change, or maybe civilizations killed each other. No one knows. We are fortunate to find this site. If this place is more than eleven-thousand years old, we will help chronicle a new chapter in mankind’s history.”
Callaway shrugs his shoulders and says, “The artifact confirms the dating. I think this is part of the lost civilization of Atlantis; not Atlantis itself, but a satellite city.”
“We can’t rule that out of the possibilities,” Duncan replies. “If this is the lost civilization of Atlantis, a new story will be told. From what I see here, Atlantis may not be a myth, but until we find out what the ancient writing says, we will never know. I am putting Rachael in charge of the project. She can break the text.”
The millionaire walks toward the entrance of the tent and motions Duncan to follow. Callaway looks through the crack of the canvas and points at the breach of the mountain where everyone is working. He says assertively, “The answer is in that doorway. If you think Rachael can figure out the writing, I have complete confidence in her. Nonetheless, she is only twenty-seven years old. I thought you hired her because of her looks.”
Duncan looks sharply at the tycoon and replies defensively, “She is one of the most intelligent people I know. I trust her to do anything.”
The next morning, Duncan’s and Callaway’s teams clear the pathway to the city’s entrance. Working together, the two groups excavate the site more quickly. Duncan is in control of the excavation. Callaway does not interfere, understanding this is too important for a hasty excavation. 
Using the bulldozer, the crews are finally able to move the large stone door from the mouth of the entrance. In doing so, archeologists can more easily bring additional equipment into the site. Being able to use heavy machinery, the teams are able to clear debris from cave-ins. The excavators find more statues, furniture, tools, and extravagant buildings deeper inside the mountain. They discover that the city had a sewer system and baths like the ancient Romans. They also come across marvelous monuments and personal items made of gold and silver. To all those involved, it becomes clear the expedition will make them famous. 
Duncan and Kyle begin establishing a map of their discoveries to date. The teams find skeletons and weapons deeper inside the entrance. Duncan has concluded that there must have been a major battle toward the end of these people’s lives, and the silver-plated warrior was protecting the city from attackers. The teams find other soldiers that were also probably killed in the same conflict. Duncan construes that the enemy of the city was not as advanced as the inhabitants of the mountain. The excavators discover other weapons which were made only of bronze, assuming the items belonged to the attackers of the city.
Duncan says to Kyle at one of the sites, “The other army must have been overwhelming to take the defensive positions inside the mountain. The inhabitants of this city had swords made of stainless steel. This kind of technology would not appear for centuries to come. Look at Göbekli Tepe found in Turkey recently. The site was built twelve-thousand years ago. That technology to move ten ton stones is unbelievable, but the ancient culture did the impossible right after the Ice Age. The way we look at mankind before written history is really starting to change.” 
Searching inside the mountain, they find a pathway to another room. Duncan and Kyle find large lanterns made of metal and broken glass, hanging from the ceiling. Duncan and his team are completely surprised. Days later, the archeologists find out that the lanterns were filled with whale oil. To have done so, the civilization had to have good boating and hunting skills. The ships, which hunted the whales, had to be very large.
On the twenty-fourth day of excavating, Callaway and Duncan wait for the opportunity to enter through another cave-in. A cavern was discovered with thirty feet of rubble blocking the entrance to the newly discovered pathway. Large boulders kept anyone from entering, and the crews try to dig a conduit around the obstructions.
Duncan says eagerly to Callaway, “I have a feeling this will be another key in unlocking the answers to these people’s lives.”
Workers finally announce that they have broken through the hallway. Although it is still dangerous to venture through the debris, Callaway, Duncan, Rachael, and Kyle crawl and wriggle their way through. They slide off an obstruction and hit solid ground. Studying their surroundings, Callaway and the three archeologists understand the fate of the city’s inhabitants. They find thousands of skeletal remains in the large room. The grand hall still has burn scars on the ceiling.
“They were burned alive,” Duncan says to Callaway. “There must be thousands of skeletal remains here, and I don’t see any weapons. These must have been the citizens of this once great city.”
Callaway looks in disgust and replies, “But why would any army burn the civilians? They have no weapons. There was not a fight here. The inhabitants were forced into this room and massacred. Who could hate a civilization this intensely?”
With tears riding down Rachael’s face, she exclaims, “I don’t see children’s remains anywhere in this chamber.”
Duncan wants to believe that the children were spared, and responds, “Most likely they were put into slavery by their attackers.”
Kyle walks deeper into the cavity and asks, “Why not kill everyone? Why eradicate only the adults?”
“Children can be incorporated into other cultures. Adults are too dangerous; they can rebel,” Duncan replies as he scans the room with his flashlight. 
Callaway, who is ready to find answers, says boldly, “Let’s start excavating for more artifacts. Since I will be leaving tomorrow, I’ll leave the rest of this mystery to you.”
Duncan starts to breathe heavily and replies to the group, “This was butchery. This grand hall reminds me of Nazi concentration camps in World War II.”

Chapter IV
Doorway to a New World

On the thirty-first day of the excavation, Duncan has trouble concentrating, losing focus on normal tasks. The long hours and overwhelming work are having a toll on his mindset. He takes a breather alone, sitting on a chair in his tent to regroup. Suddenly, Rachael bursts under her mentor’s canopy. She is out of breath with excitement and says, “A crew has just moved rubble from another cave-in. They think they have found another cavity. We need to be there.”
Duncan leaps up and runs with Rachael, grabbing Kyle on the way. The three jump into a golf cart, en route toward the site. As they drive, Duncan starts getting lightheaded. They arrive at the new discovery. Duncan can barely think straight, feeling intoxicated without any mind altering substance. Amid all the enthusiasm, Kyle and Rachael do not notice that their mentor is behaving differently. The workers finally move enough debris for the archeologists to squeeze into the cavity. 
After the archeologists dig and crawl through the fissure, they finally arrive in a large room. The three evaluate what they are witnessing. Kyle takes a stationary light and sets it on a large stone table. The room becomes bright. Inside, the chamber has nothing but ancient artifacts.
Duncan says, “This is what we’ve been searching for.”
Kyle points his flashlight at the walls and says, “Look at the architecture. This cavity has more integrated designs than the religious room we found earlier.”
Duncan picks up a large object from a stone table, saying, “This looks like a wooden crossbow. It’s in remarkable condition. The cave-in must have kept out the air and moisture. The wood is in good shape for its age, but crossbows were not invented for thousands of years after the Ice Age.” 
Kyle carefully studies the weapon and asks, “I have never seen this kind of wood regionally, or anywhere for that matter.” 
Rachael picks up another artifact, then looks at Duncan, and says, “This civilization appears to have taken great pride in farming and family. Look at this carved stone. It is a little boy plowing with an ox.”
Kyle, looking at a wall with shelves carved out of the mountain, comments “There are thousands of stone tablets telling their story. It’s going to take a long time to decipher what they say. Rachael, you have your work cut out for you.” 
Something grabs Kyle’s attention. He walks to a corner, shining his light on another item, then yells, “Oh my!”
Duncan walks quickly to Kyle and asks, “What have you found?”
“Look at this sword. I think it’s made of gold, and the weapon is engraved with ancient writing. This relic must have belonged to a leader of this city. Since the sword is very heavy and thin, it would only have been used for ceremonial purposes rather than combat.”
Duncan shines his flashlight at the golden sword while trembling with excitement and says, “This is the most important item in this room.” 
Duncan takes the sword and leans against a large stone table. He becomes weak and lethargic. The archeologist looks at the sword in wonderment, holding the artifact firmly to keep his composure. Suddenly, he cannot keep his eyes open any longer and collapses to the ground. Rachael witnesses her mentor falling and yells in a panic, “Kyle, something is wrong!”
Kyle takes notice and runs to Rachael and tries to help. Kyle softly slaps Duncan’s face to waken him. Rachael places her backpack under Duncan’s head. The unconscious archeologist tries to speak, but cannot stay awake. With Duncan’s eyes closed, Rachael and Kyle notice that his eyelids are rapidly moving as if he is dreaming.
Kyle shakes Duncan and yells, “Wake up!”
For a split second, Duncan becomes aware of his surroundings, grabbing Kyle and saying, “Wow, something is taking over me.” 
Rachael lays Duncan straight on the ground and tries to comfort him the best she can, realizing her mentor is not in pain or having a heart attack. Duncan is breathing normally as if he is in a deep sleep. Kyle understands it will take at least a day to get his mentor out of the chamber. There is too much debris to remove a motionless body from the cavity.
Kyle rushes to the mouth of the fissure and yells to the workers, “Call Callaway; tell him that something is wrong. Duncan is unconscious!”
As if in a daydream, Duncan sees his team trying to help. However, his mind is being stripped from his surroundings. He knows he can trust his colleagues to keep his body in check. As the unconscious archeologist’s mind starts drifting, he feels like he is in a tornado of darkness.
In Duncan’s vivid dream state, he opens his eyes and sees a great battle taking place at the newly found city in Spain. Thousands of men and women in silver-plated breastplates fight with stainless steel swords, trying to save their homes. Although fierce warriors, the defenders cannot overtake the overwhelming numbers fighting against them.
Because Duncan seems to be in control and feels he can either wake up or keep going on his journey, he chooses to continue. He then senses a great earthquake and sees a beautiful heavily damaged city being destroyed by the forces of Mother Nature. In a split second in his mental picture, the city is engulfed by the sea. 
Duncan floats in his mind again and feels as if he is slipping into an unread book. Almost like a fairy tale, he sees mammoths, elephants, giant rhinos, and giant elk. The animals seem to be domesticated. The archeologist witness people riding these creatures as horses are ridden today. 
The archeologist feels his heartbeat and the visions start to slow and become more vivid. Trying to sort his thoughts, Duncan wonders if the discovery of Spain has anything to do with what he is viewing. He feels he has gone back eleven-thousand-five-hundred years. The archeologist does not want to believe what he is witnessing, but accepts the idea that he might be observing a great civilization that has been forgotten in time. 
Like a hot-air balloon, Duncan’s mind is swept thousands of feet into the air, feeling as if he has been here before. He sees a landmass connected to a large continent, known as Atlantis. 
On the peninsula are four city-states, or kingdoms, which have united to make one centralized government. Three city-states have more than one-million people within their city walls. The inhabitants have amalgamated their culture, resources, and technologies to become the most powerful empire in the world. 
An important city to the Atlantean Empire is Halotropolis. This metropolitan area contributes the best infantry units on the peninsula. Every day, the citizens of Halotropolis spar with one another. Apprentices must spar with each other every week, in the presence of a council. Following each match, novices move up in rank until they become masters of their art. Also known as the City of God, Halotropolis is the center of the Atlantean religion, which brought the word of God to the peninsula five-hundred years prior.
The city of Atlantis is also the center of knowledge and the capital, with many universities, libraries, and military schools. Outside the gates of the great city are orchards that produce the molless tree. The wood is used to construct the best bows of the known world. Each bow can shoot almost sixty-five yards farther than that of an enemy. Starting at the age of six, each child in the capital is first trained with the bow. 
The city of Masaba is the center of commerce for the peninsula, trading elephants, mammoths, giant rhinos, and horses. With well-irrigated farmlands, the city has learned to feed the entire empire. The urban area is closest to the western passage to the continent.
Something grabs Duncan in his dream and sweeps him to the Atlantean seaport of Vasic where their navy is being built. The harboring city’s population is two-hundred-fifty-thousand, making it the smallest city-state. For the last two years, Vasic has been building a new navy, consisting seventy-eight destroyers, twelve battlecruisers, and two massive heavy battlecruisers. The task is almost complete. The Atlanteans expect their new navy to be ready within the next two months. The archeologist drifts through the city toward the waterfront, observing carefully every building he passes. Once inside the massive harbor, he notices the destroyers are one-hundred yards long and twenty-five yards across. The ships are thinly armored, and used for speed. The fast ships have artillery, but ramming is their main strength in battle. The older destroyers are going to be refitted and used as military supply and transport ships. 
Turning around, Duncan looks at the Atlantean battlecruisers; since each is almost one-hundred-fifty yards long, it needs six-hundred oarsmen. The ships support large catapults and giant crossbows. As the latest technology, Atlanteans put rotating turrets for their artillery on the new vessels. Since the ships can change the artillery’s direction at a moment’s notice, they are able to concentrate firepower in battle. No other navy in the world has this kind of technology. The rotating turret is a simple innovation, but will wreak havoc in future sea battles.
On their trial run at sea, Duncan witnesses the Atlantean heavy battlecruisers slipping into colossal docks. Each of the ships is two-hundred yards long, seventy-yards across, and requires one-thousand oarsmen. The navy’s flagships are a giant catamaran with two parallel hulls, connected with a large deck, spanning two separate superstructures. Due to the size of these ships, thirty people are required to operate the rudders on each hull. 
The archeologist’s mind starts to overload, feeling the visions are real. Suddenly, he sees the sun passing in front of his face hundreds of times in a matter of seconds, as if his mind is transported to a momentous time. The archeologist’s dreams are like déjà vu. He can almost remember and see the religious and social structure of the predominant culture he is witnessing. The empire on the peninsula has a form of socialist government and believes in God. However, civilizations on the main continent connected to the peninsula have different ideas with more communistic views, and believe in multiple gods. Duncan understands from history that two different religions and social structures usually end up in chaos. He knows something will have to give in what he is about to witness.
Duncan’s vision rushes miles into the main continent, witnessing an ancient army dressed in silver-plated breastplates, red cloaks, and carrying stainless steel swords in preparation for an offensive battle.

Chapter V
A Desperate Time


{Eleven-Thousand-Five-Hundred Years Ago}

The day is rife with the fear and pride of warriors. Summer is approaching and the sun is starting to rise. Eighty miles northwest from the border of the Empire of Atlantis, an Atlantean division is waiting on the Valtearean Army to attack.
King Tulless, ruler of Valtear, stands six feet tall, with blue eyes, and blond hair. His family has ruled the kingdom for three generations, and soon leads his men onto the battlefield astride a mammoth. While only thirty-three years old and young for a king, he is ambitious to drive the Atlanteans out of his realm. 
The main concern of the Atlanteans is going to war with the Ladonean Empire. This is one reason to take Valtear under its rule. Ladonea is outside the Atlantean peninsula, east of the Alber Mountains. The inhabitants of the peninsula has previously gone to war with empires on the continent more than once since the beginning of their civilization, and now becoming fearful of another conflict. 
On the west side of the Alber Mountains, Valtear borders the empires of Mantineia, Sabathea, and Kyrenia. All have strong militaries. In the past, King Tulless has been able to prevent war with the neighboring civilizations through diplomacy and trade. However, the empires on the continent are becoming greedier for more resources and land, which is a major concern for Atlantis.
The earth trembles with one-hundred-thirty-thousand men and beasts riding and marching toward the Atlanteans’ fortification. The Valtearean Army is composed of different factions and tribes from throughout their kingdom. Tulless’ army has assembled from across their sovereign land, putting their differences aside. The kingdom takes great pride with their strong diverse culture, but is still in the early stages of becoming a centralized government. If the Valteareans were more organized, the tribes could unite and become as powerful as the Atlanteans; however, bad politics from splintered groups and religious leaders are hampering their progress.
For hundreds of years, the Atlantean Empire has traded with Tulless’ realm. The Valteareans’ main export is iron ore. This commodity is the main component in making steel, and the backbone of the Atlantean war machine. Lately, the Valteareans’ mining output has fallen short of keeping the Atlanteans in full production for making military weapons. Trading the natural resource began the Valtearean economy. Before, people lived in villages, with small communities answering only to themselves. 
In Valtear, the Atlantean army is the elite of their empire. The army consists of fifteen-thousand infantrymen, three-thousand cavalry horsemen, or light cavalry, five-hundred heavy cavalry, (including giant rhinos, elephants, and mammoths), five-thousand archers, and fifteen-hundred artillery personnel. 
The Atlantean defensive perimeter is heavily fortified, standing on a hill with valleys below. Their highest technological weapons are ready to wreak havoc on their adversary. The Atlanteans are outnumbered more than six-to-one, but are confident in their weaponry, tactics, and generals to defeat Tulless’ army. 
Leading the Atlantean division into Valtear is Prince Daygun, the son of the Atlantean Emperor. The Prince understands only too well the necessity of resources in Valtear, knowing it is a matter of time before the Eastern Empire knocks on the Atlanteans’ door for conquest. In two years, the Ladoneans could reorganize and attack Atlantis. At the present moment, the Eastern Empire is having trouble with their Northern states, and a great deal of their military is there to control those troubled lands. The domestic turmoil is buying time for Atlantis to strengthen their military. 
Before encountering the forthcoming battle, Daygun, Quentoris, and Laptos have each had twelve years of training from the elite military school. All three generals have specialized skills, and the division they lead marvel at their abilities. Because of prior military engagements, each knows the others’ weaknesses and strengths. 
Daygun, astride his giant elk, examines the battlefield, fully attentive to his adversary’s advancement on the horizon. The Prince stands six feet, two inches tall, with dark brown hair, blue eyes, and is a natural leader. The beast he is riding stands seven feet at the neck and has antlers that spread over twelve feet. The elk’s muscular physique gives the impression of power. Because these animals are on the brink of extinction, only the rich and high-ranking officers may obtain such exquisite beasts.
Laptos rides beside his brother and asks, “What is the best way to defend our position? Moreover, how do we counter their attack?” 
Laptos admires his brother and wonders if he will be as gifted. Daygun has always been a skillful leader and has helped with their father’s military affairs. Even though the two are twins and look similar, their personalities differ. Laptos was born only minutes after his brother, but it hampered his abilities as being a leader. Daygun has a great deal of common sense and personality. He can envision a battlefield and make things happen to his advantage. Laptos, on the other hand, has been overshadowed by his brother’s accomplishments. 
Daygun pulls on the reins to command his great beast to stand still and replies, “You can always have an idea of how to attack and how to defend, but until the battle starts you will never really know.” The Atlantean Prince points toward their rival and says, “A good general has one-hundred ways to defeat a challenger before the battle begins. Those one-hundred ways may not do the trick. A good general will always make the enemy come to him on his own terms. Furthermore, glory and death go side by side. If an army doesn’t take a chance, that army cannot win. If a general can remove the fear of dying on the battlefield, courage will take over and destroy any adversary. You may be emperor one day. In the future, I might not be with you, and you will be the one to lead our men into battle.”
The Valtearean Army is approaching. Daygun is fearful for his army, but not for himself. The Atlantean Prince would rather die here than retreat to his father. He realizes he is about to conquer a kingdom for their empire, but taking Valtear under control is only for the survival of his civilization. The Prince thinks about the enemy soldiers that are about to oppose him, understanding they have families as well. For the most part, Daygun is opposed to this war, but understands there is no choice. Ladonea is growing stronger, and the Atlantean Empire needs iron ore to produce weapons.
Daygun stands behind his artillery with Laptos and Quentoris. He notices the Valteareans readying for their attack. As the Prince examines the battlefield , he sees five-hundred Valtearean heavy cavalry lining up to his right, and three-hundred mammoths and elephants lining up to his left. In the middle are Tulless’ giant rhinos and the majority of his infantry, archers, and light cavalry, ready to engage the center of the Atlantean formation. Over seventy-thousand Valteareans are about to attack right up the middle of the Atlanteans’ defense.
Daygun says to Quentoris, “Order our twenty-five giant crossbows to fire projectiles to our right and the catapults to fire at the enemy to our left.” Daygun turns to his brother and says, “Order three-thousand archers to remove the threat to our center, take one-thousand archers on each side to reinforce our artillery.” 
Each Atlantean giant crossbow projectile’s warhead is filled with a flammable liquid. A projectile’s base is made of hollowed thin steel, while its head is mainly composed of pottery. In the air, projectiles are stable and can withstand the powerful thrust from the large crossbow. Upon striking the ground, the warhead explodes into flames, destroying anything in its path. 
As his enemy attacks, the Atlantean artillery moves into position, and Daygun orders, “Fire!” Horns blow from the Atlanteans, ordering their infantry and archers to form their final defensive position.
The Atlantean artillery hit their designated points on the battlefield, and one quarter of the field is blazing from the giant crossbow projectiles on Daygun’s right. From the first round of the Atlantean artillery, many Valtearean cavalry are on fire or crushed by boulders. Daygun’s archers are able to prevent the first line of Valtearean cavalry from breaching their formation. 
After the first round from the Atlantean artillery, the Atlantean giant crossbows are reloaded with the krample projectiles. The warhead is full of sharp steal spikes. When the weaponry shatters on the battlefield, it throws hundreds of spikes that pierce through the hooves of attacking light and heavy cavalry. Daygun’s catapults and giant crossbows load the krample. 
At the last possible moment Daygun yells to his artillery, “Fire!” 
When the krample strikes the battlefield, hundreds of Valtearean light and heavy cavalry fall to the ground, and the Atlantean archers fire their arrows. The men riding on their beasts are injured or killed by being thrown off at high speeds. After ten minutes, the Valtearean cavalry are starting to lose significant numbers. 
In the center of the Atlantean formation, the Valtearean and Atlantean infantry become engaged in hand-to-hand combat. The Valtearean archers in the rear of their infantry are moving closer to the Atlanteans’ fortification. Desperately, Tulless looks at his archer commander and yells, “Fire!” Tulless’ archers do so, but their arrows fall short of the Atlantean defensive parameter. 
Daygun can see that his plan is working except at the center defenses. In the middle of the Atlantean formation, his infantry and archers start to lose ground. The Atlanteans’ left and right engagements are stabilized, but Daygun’s center infantry and archers are in trouble.
Daygun says to Quentoris, “Take our light cavalry and go around to divert their attention. After you engage, I need twenty minutes.” Daygun looks at his brother and says, “You want glory? Here it is. Take our heavy cavalry and hit their center. Order all our warriors with giant rhinos to strike their center thrust. You lead the charge. I will command our military resources here, and together we will accomplish our goal within thirty minutes.”
With most of the Valtearean heavy cavalry destroyed, Daygun’s archers are ordered to concentrate on Tulless’ light cavalry. The Atlantean infantry in the center of the conflict start to stabilize their position, but are still in trouble from the overwhelming number of Valteareans.
King Tulless’ infantry breaches some of the Atlantean center lines, making him feel he is about to make a breakthrough. He looks at his archer commander again and orders, “Fire!” Being closer to the Atlantean perimeter, the Valtearean archers start hitting their marks. The Atlantean infantry and archers are getting bombarded, and Daygun’s main army has to fall back, allowing Tulless momentum. 
Daygun looks at his artillery commander and yells, “Fire at will. Give them everything we have!” 
Quentoris is six feet, two inches tall, lean and muscular, with black hair, and brown eyes, evades the main battle and engages the Valteareans’ rear flank. Leading his light cavalry, he begins confusing the Valtearean Army. 
When the Atlantean center is about to break, Laptos’ heavy cavalry explodes through the ranks of their adversary, allowing Daygun’s army to regroup. Once the Atlanteans gain ground at their trouble spots, Laptos and his heavy cavalry repeat the charge, mowing down the enemy even more. The momentum on the battlefield changes in minutes. Laptos has no competition on the battlefield except the Valtearean archers.
Since Quentoris’ light cavalry is swift, the enemy archers have difficulty countering Daygun’s diversion. The Atlanteans also have better range because of their superior bows, and remain out of range of the Valtearean archers. The Atlantean light cavalry meets the Valteareans head on two fronts, bringing even more chaos to the enemy. 
Because of constant bombardment from the Atlanteans’ archers, artillery, and Quentoris’ light cavalry, Laptos’ heavy cavalry breaks the ranks of the Valtearean infantry. At this point, the Valtearean warriors are doomed. The battle is over. The Atlantean captains can handle the rest of the conflict with ease.
After Daygun witnesses his center regaining the ground they lost, a white flag appears from the Valtearean side of the battlefield and Daygun orders a ceasefire. Tens of thousands of men back away from the battlefield for a summit between the two leaders.
While only ten percent of the Atlantean soldiers are dead or wounded, the Valtearean Army is destroyed. The Atlantean Prince understands the battle was ultimately for the greater good of both civilizations. 
Daygun will go home a hero, but feels remorseful about the casualties from both sides of the battlefield.

Chapter VI
Diplomacy to a Conquered Kingdom

King Tulless sends a messenger to Daygun, asking to extract injured and dead Valteareans from the battlefield. The Atlantean Prince assures the messenger that his men will not be harmed, and offers to take the badly wounded Valteareans to Atlantean treatment centers. Since this has been a gentlemen’s war, the messenger accepts the gesture in the name of the king. The Atlantean physicians will assist the enemy’s wounded. Because of advanced Atlantean technology in medicine, the Valtearean soldiers will have a better chance of survival. Daygun uses this act of compassion to aid in the occupation of Valtear.
Early the next morning, King Tulless officially surrenders to Atlantis. Blood soaks the battlefield. The Valtearean wounded and dead are still being extracted from the combat zone. Cries from warriors on both sides plead for help. The King of Valtear witnesses his injured warriors as he moves closer to the Atlantean fortification. 
Tulless is devastated, but swallows his pride to speak to the Atlantean Prince. When he enters Daygun’s tent, Tulless’ eyes are downcast. He inquires in a gentlemanly manor, “How is your father?” 
Daygun accepts Tulless with open arms and salutes him in Valtearean military protocol, then says, “My father is in good health, and virtuous with the people on the peninsula. I salute you in your military tradition. You are in command here. We are here to help your kingdom.”
Tulless looks at him in puzzlement and with relief. He replies, “What do the people of Atlantis want with our land? Peace and trade have existed between our great civilizations for hundreds of years. We seemed to have traded without greed. I thought we were partners in this world.”
“We had to take your kingdom to insure your leadership,” Daygun says forthrightly. “Ladonea is becoming stronger and has many stalwart allies. We have to make the mining of your iron ore more productive to strengthen our war machine. Our steel production will protect your kingdom as well as ours. Atlantis has no desire to take your sovereignty. We want to rebuild your dominion and improve it. Tulless, you are the king of this land. If the mining of iron ore remains inefficient, both civilizations will fall. We have attempted to obtain what we need from your kingdom, but you insist on mining your natural resources in outdated ways. We have asked you to change, but you will not, or cannot. If you had mined with our techniques, your production would have quadrupled, and this situation wouldn’t have occurred.” 
“The way the Atlanteans have asked us to mine is much different than what we are accustomed to,” Tulless replies with a shaken voice. “My people don’t understand. We are simple people and hard workers. Our ways are different than yours. We have mined the same way for centuries. What do you ask of me?”
The Atlantean Prince relaxes his demeanor, and Tulless does the same. Daygun says, “During the reorganization of your kingdom, my civilization will ameliorate the extraction iron ore. Our occupation will last only until the supply of this natural resource is more sufficient. During which time, we will protect your borders from foreign invaders and help rebuild your sovereignty to increase its prosperity. We will help you maintain a more centralized government and you will be its king. My father believes in you and so does the Atlantean Senate.”
Tulless raises his brow and asks, “Why should my people believe in Atlantis?”
Daygun looks at Tulless and shakes his head replying, “You can’t afford not to believe in what we are trying to do. There is too much happening in world politics. Your people can rebel, and make it more difficult for us. I would rather you, than someone else, be the leader of your kingdom. It’s your choice.”
Tulless bends slightly to the Atlantean Prince and says, “Whatever you need, my Lord.”
Daygun replies calmly, “I don’t want to be known as your lord, but as an ally in desperate times. Your military is weaker than your neighboring empires’. If we don’t protect Valtear, the Ladonean Empire will attack your borders within two years. Atlantis wants to protect your kingdom. The number of dead you see on the battlefield today will be nothing compared to the number following a full attack from the East. Your neighboring empires lack mercy. The East will kill every adult in your kingdom and will take your children into slavery. Atlantis is not taking your sovereignty; we are saving it.”
With a puzzled look, Tulless asks, “How may I address you?”
“You can call me a friend, or Prince Daygun, just as you did a year ago. I will address you as King Tulless,” Daygun responds in a reassuring voice.
Daygun orders a messenger to Masaba for reinforcements so he can relieve the Atlantean division in Valtear. Taking a map, the Prince creates future military outposts to protect the kingdom that he has just conquered. After Tulless departs with his men, there is discussion in the tent among the Atlantean generals. Daygun wants to make a very clear point about the relationship between the Valteareans and Atlanteans, and slams his fist on a table. 
“Generals, if there is any wrong doing by our soldiers, they will be expelled from the Atlantean Empire,” Daygun says sternly, and then stops to regain his composure before saying, “We are here to help these people and share our technologies. Atlantis will not take advantage of a conquered kingdom. Twenty years from now, the Valteareans will be a formidable force. Hopefully, they will one day be an ally to our empire and not an enemy. Hospitals and libraries must be constructed in their capital. Atlantean instructors are needed to teach the advanced ways of our civilization. Engineers and farmers from our lands will help these people grow crops so that they will never go hungry again.”
A week into the occupation, Daygun receives word from his father to return to Atlantis quickly. Realizing it is a twelve-day journey to the Atlantean capital, he organizes his thoughts on how to move forward with the occupation of Valtear. King Tulless and his generals receive invitations to a feast, which they accept. After the previous uncomfortable engagement, the two leaders proceed together toward a military tent. Once inside, the Atlantean Prince addresses the politics involved with restructuring the new occupied territory. In the middle of the proclamation, Daygun walks toward Tulless and says directly, “Tulless, I am leaving my best generals here for your protection. They will assume all military decisions if the neighboring empires attack. Other than that, they are at your disposal. If there is any rebellion in your realm, the Atlantean Army will help keep your people in order. You have a complete division of Atlantis’ best men to help restructure your kingdom, until reinforcements arrive.”
Tulless responds, “Thank you, Prince.”
Daygun shows a chest full of gold to the Valtearian King and says, “Here is something from my father to show good faith. Aten grants you a home in Atlantis and this token. You may also have a seat in the Atlantean Senate and be part of our government’s decisions. To our Senate, your kingdom will be a potential state of our empire and will have voting rights.”
Tulless replies, “I thank you again for retaining me as my kingdom’s leader. I ask for some time to consider your offer concerning the seat on your Senate.”
Daygun bows his head and says, “Treasures do not compensate for your dead soldiers, but are a gestures that we are not your enemy. Quentoris will accompany you back to your capital. He is at your command, and will protect you from your politicians.”
Quentoris respectfully asks, “Suppose we are attacked from foreign invaders or by rebels of the Valtearean Army?”
Daygun says, “Do what is needed to help the majority of these people. We will treat this sovereignty like a city-state, and will begin mining for the benefit of our two civilizations.” 
Tulless asks, “How long will the occupation be in effect?”
Reassuringly, Daygun replies, “At the most, two years. Atlantis will train your army. If Atlantis helps unite the people of Valtear, you will quickly quadruple your military strength. Your armed forces will be strong enough to threaten the Atlantean Empire in the near future. I would prefer your kingdom be an ally rather than an enemy in the coming years. We must ensure the production of iron ore in creating a formidable military to prevent the East from attacking your land and ours. My brother Laptos will remain as a representative of Atlantis. He will be your right-hand man in restructuring your kingdom.” 
After the meeting, Laptos enters Daygun’s tent. They reminisce about their childhood and becoming grandmasters. Daygun is a natural leader, whom Laptos has always admired. The two sit around and drink wine, saying little to each other. 
Laptos breaks the silence by asking, “When will you return?”
“If all goes well, I will come back in two months,” Daygun replies. While the Prince makes final preparations for departure, he says, “Our father will have peace talks with the Ladonean Empire, and wants me by his side in the negotiations. He trusts you to take care of the occupation. As emperor, he has great faith in you. You’re becoming a good leader.”
“It is because of your guidance, Brother,” Laptos says proudly.
“No!” Daygun replies with a smile. “It is you. At this rate, you will make a better leader than I could ever be.”
“I don’t want to succeed you,” Laptos says. “I respect you, and I could never be the warrior or leader you are to our people.”
Daygun comments, “The word `Never´ is extremely powerful, and does not get a person anywhere. You have strengths that are hard for me to compete with.”
Laptos looks at him in puzzlement and asks, “What strengths do I have that are problematical for you to surpass?”
Daygun replies, “Another time will come to tell you. We will meet and palaver upon my return.”
Laptos laughs, and wants to ask the question that he has been contemplating for some time. Finally he asks, “Will you marry Kaydence when you return to Atlantis?”
“Yes,” Daygun replies.
Laptos jokingly asks, “How can you marry the most stubborn woman in our empire?”
Daygun, in a protective voice, responds, “Watch what you say.” 
Laptos looks straight at Daygun, with more puzzlement, and says, “I don’t see it.”
Daygun knows this is a real question and smiles, then replies, “I have courted quite a few women in my lifetime and have seen all types. I could have gone down the easier path with others, but I don’t have to worry about Kaydence… Do you remember Mayla?”
“Yes!” Laptos replies. “She is still beautiful, smart, and was very loyal to you…”
Daygun interrupts and says, “When we went to battle with the Krosh Army, I was worried about leaving Mayla and dying in combat. She didn’t want me to leave on that conquest, fearing I would die. She built her life around me. Her feelings toward me were nice for a while. I considered marrying her. However, I soon grew afraid of dying in battle. Her fear was unhealthy for me. I knew thinking of death would make me hesitate with my sword, and sooner or later would have killed me. Kaydence is proud I am a warrior. If I marry her, our children will be in good hands. She is stubborn, and will not fail our family. If I pass over to the next life, I will know our children are in safe. Therefore, I will not have any hesitations with my sword to destroy our enemy, nor will I fear death. It is nice to have the company of such a strong woman.”
The next morning, Daygun and his garrison depart for Atlantis. As the Prince rides, he thinks of Kaydence and his father. He imagines every street and building of his homeland. The Prince misses his native soil. During the journey, all conversations concern Atlantis and returning to the comforts of their civilization. 
The first couple of days, Daygun and his garrison make good time. Even though it has been raining hard, the Prince compensates with less rest. His guardians are the strongest warriors in the Atlantean Empire, and take great pride in protecting their leader and the ideals of Atlantis. 
On the third day of Daygun’s journey, he and his men reach a river which cannot be forded. Because the current is too strong for the horses to swim across, the Prince must decide whether or not to take a chance of crossing the Ladonean border, which is forbidden. If the Atlanteans cross into the Eastern Empire, it will be interpreted as an act of war. Because of past negotiations, the two empires have closed their borders to one another, except in areas designated for trade. However, by crossing now, their journey will be reduced by two days, and the Prince will arrive at the summit on time. 
Thinking there is no alternative, Duncan rides forward. Upon entering, scouting parties are sent forth. The Atlanteans traverse far from the riverbank into the thick forest to avoid detection. At the end of the day, the garrison rides to higher ground and finds an area to cross the river back into Atlantis.
On the horizon, Daygun sees his scout Jivan racing toward him and his men. Jivan is out of breath as he approaches the Prince and yells. “Sir, you must follow me!” 
Daygun knows this scout would not come to him in so urgently except for a serious situation. “What did you see?” Daygun asks.
Jivan gasps as he responds, “A large army, three miles from here.”
“Who is it?” Daygun asks.
“I don’t know, Sir,” Jivan replies.
Daygun looks at his garrison’s commander, “Granin, our men are to stay here and wait until I return.”
“I can’t let you go without adequate protection, my Lord. You are too important to lose should something go wrong,” Granin says to Daygun sternly.
Daygun orders, “If you don’t hear from me in three hours, return safely into Valtear. Tell my brother exactly what you see here. He will know what to do.” 
The Prince and Jivan rush away on horseback. The garrison waits uneasily. Daygun and Jivan draw near to a grand army. Almost a mile before Daygun and the scout reach the unknown army’s camp, they dismount and tie their horses. The Prince and the scout silently approach the site to spy on the potential enemy. Both men see a vast army of cavalry, hundreds of mammoths, and thirty-thousand infantrymen from the Ladonean Empire, appearing to be running drills. At this location, the Ladonean Army would present a formidable force against any Atlantean division.
Jivan says, “This part of the Ladonean Empire has no strategic value.” 
Daygun replies, “I agree. I don’t trust this.” 
Jivan asks, “Why do the Ladoneans have such a large army so close to our border?”
“I don’t know,” Daygun replies. As the Prince points left of the Ladonean camp, he says, “There seem to be more Ladonean infantrymen marching on the horizon.”
The two Atlanteans run back toward their stallions. As they near, they see that their horses have been found by a Ladonean scouting party. The six warriors are searching the Atlanteans’ gear, trying to learn something about the invaders. 
Daygun orders Jivan to quickly return to their garrison. The Prince heads toward the Ladonean scouting party, removing one of the six daggers strapped to his belt. At close quarters, the Prince throws the dagger and hits the first Ladonean warrior in the face. The dead scout falls to the ground. Before that soldier hits the dirt, Daygun throws the second dagger, striking another warrior in the heart, ripping through his chest armor. Grabbing their axes and swords, the other Ladonean warriors attack Daygun. The Prince draws his sword to fight them one by one. 
Against Daygun’s orders and out of nowhere, Jivan throws a dagger at one of the Ladoneans. The Atlanteans fight sword to sword with the remaining warriors. Within a minute, the fight is over. Because the Ladoneans were no match for the two Atlanteans, Daygun and Jivan are not even short of breath. The two Atlanteans wipe blood from their daggers, sheathe their weapons, and make sure they have left nothing behind. If the Ladoneans see something from the Atlanteans here where their comrades were killed, it could lead to war between the two empires. 
Daygun says to the scout, as he sheathes his last dagger, “I gave you an order to stay out of the fight and inform our men of what you have witnessed.” 
Jivan proudly looks at Daygun replying, “I also took an oath to protect my commander. If I had watched you die and did done nothing, I could never again meet your father’s eyes.”
“I would have done the same for you,” Daygun replies.
The two ride quickly to the Atlantean garrison. Upon arrival, Daygun dismounts and says in an unyielding voice, “Something is going on. The Ladoneans are conducting drills near our border. I need one-third of you to ride quickly and tell my brother what is happening here. Another third, go through Valtear and find an alternate route to circumvent this river. The rest go with me; we will evade this army and ride quickly to Atlantis. My father must be warned.” 
Looking at Daygun, Granin implores, “If we split our warriors, we might be attacked, and you have told us there is safety in numbers.”
Daygun replies, “This is not merely the survival of Atlantean warriors; this is the survival of our civilization. We must split up; doing so will insure that some of us will get to Atlantis before an army can conquer our lands.”
A warrior asks Daygun, “Suppose the Ladonean Army always uses this area for military drills?” 
“It isn’t normal for any army to be this far from their supply lines. They are too close to our borders, and we cannot chance it,” Daygun replies confidently.
Granin nods his head replying, “I agree, but if we start strengthening our borders, that may start a war.”
The garrison prepares for their various departures. The Prince walks toward his horse, and Granin follows to have a private word with him before leaving. Daygun notices that someone is approaching him and turns around. 
Before Granin can say a word, the Prince stops and says, “I agree with what you said back there. This could be normal protocol for the Ladoneans, but I do not trust what I saw. Return the long way and try to ford the river,”
“I agree. Thank you for your leadership. If I don’t make it back to Atlantis, it was good serving with you,” Granin responds with pride.
The garrison rushes off to their duties, as Daygun and his men avoid the Ladonean Army. After a sleepless two-day ride, the Prince reaches the Eastern Gate to his empire. Safely inside, he heads straight to the general of Atlantean Eastern fortification.
Daygun asks, “Has the Ladonean Emperor arrived?”
The general replies, “Yes, he arrived three days ago.”
Daygun pauses for a moment to gather his thoughts and says, “Send a messenger ahead of me. Tell my father I will arrive in the capital in three days.”
With the summit already taking place, Daygun knows war will not occur while the Ladonean Emperor is in Atlantis. The meeting between the two empires will continue for two weeks. This gives Daygun time to inform his father of what he has seen.

Chapter VII
Façade of Two Empires

{Three Days Prior}


Two hours past sunrise, children of Atlantis are playing on the shores of their capital. On the horizon, the gathered Atlantean soldiers and civilians are awaiting three Ladonean ships about to slip into their massive harbor. 
Each battlecruiser from abroad is slow but thickly armored, painted black with gold trim. These foreign warships have high sails, but are slightly smaller in length than their Atlantean counterparts. They are in no way superior to the Atlantean Navy, but a large fleet of these new Ladonean ships could prove a challenge to the Atlanteans at sea. 
The Atlanteans are expecting the Ladonean Emperor. Because previous negotiations occurred by means of a third party, no one from the peninsula knows what Emperor Melercertis looks like. Many Atlantean citizens walk close to the shores to study the Ladonean battlecruiser and are amazed at the results of technology entering their harbor. For centuries, the Atlanteans have been able to rule the seas without fear. No other sovereignty had this kind of skill in ship building until now.
The meeting between the two empires has been carefully designed. For the next two weeks, negotiations between the two will comprise a summit in the Atlantean capital, the first official discussion between both superpowers in twenty-six years.
The main exports of the Ladonean Empire are wood and leather, and their craftsmanship is renowned throughout the world. A grave concern between the two empires is the trade of these goods. 
The horns blow. A small group of Atlantean guards run up and man the colossal lighthouses to ignite fires that will welcome the Ladonean Emperor to their homeland. At night, each two-hundred foot pillar produces a blaze that can be seen twenty miles off shore. 
When the towers are ignited, the Atlantean bells sound, and a message relays throughout the entire empire. Aten’s civilization uses bells to signify any big event. They are a form of communication that helps deliver news among city-states on the peninsula. Different bells have different pitches. Each combination of sounds is translated into words. When Melercertis’ ships dock, everyone in the Atlantean Empire will know within thirty minutes.
Emperor Melercertis is six-feet, three inches tall, forty-eight years old and very strong. He is anxious and excited to meet the Atlanteans. On this day, he is wearing a black leather breastplate. The coat-of-arms is sketched on his attire of an elephant and a horse. The two animals are facing each other on their hind legs as if they are about to stomp one another. The outlined cavalrymen astride their beasts are holding swords as if about to enter battle.
Melercertis looks out from the bow of his ship. He had not imagined the Atlantean capital to be so beautiful or so massive. Because it is forbidden for anyone on the continent to enter Aten’s realm, very few people from the mainland have seen the capital city of Atlantis. Melercertis does have spies, but the true magnitude of what he sees is beyond his expectations. He never dreamed the Atlanteans would have this kind of technology and the architectural skills necessary to build such structures. 
Melercertis looks at the city, admiring the handiwork of the Atlantean people, and says to his captain, “It is incredible what this civilization has accomplished. This city will stand beyond time itself.” 
Waiting for the Ladonean ships to dock is the Atlantean Emperor. Aten is of equal stature to Melercertis. He also is in excellent physical condition, clean shaven, with blue eyes, and brown hair, wearing a gold and silver-plated breastplate with a bull’s head engraved in the center. The bull is the Atlanteans’ coat-of-arms. 
Aten became emperor at age twenty when his father was killed in battle, during the Great War. Akakios, Aten’s father, began his quest to conquer the continent on the east side of the Alber Mountains. Those empires, which became Ladonea and Sabathea, beat back the Atlanteans. Melercertis was a major general during the confrontation. After the war, he went into trade, helping the Eastern Empire with economic reform. People backed his ideas and at the age of thirty-four, Melercertis became the Ladonean Emperor.
As the Ladonean ships near the dock, people on board observe that the Atlantean harbor has over three-hundred docks for their navy and trading vessels. While the massive warships are about to be pulled by ropes into piers, Melercertis stares into the harbor and notices six-hundred statues, each stone figure measuring ten feet high. The sculptures are of soldiers who have given their lives for Atlantis, and the images are a tribute to their bravery. Two warrior statues stand at every quay. With each figure’s hand holding a lamp, the entire harbor is illuminated at night.
Close to the harbor, Melercertis notices a huge edifice connected by bridges to Atlantis’ mainland. The Central Trade Building is five stories tall, with a giant statue of bulls parallel to its walls. This is the most detailed structure in the capital and the most beautiful in the Atlantean Empire. All trade among friendly nations and states takes place inside the massive structure. 
In the Atlantean Emperor’s opinion, empires on the continent and Atlantis trade in their own self-interest. If it were not for greed, the world would destroy Atlantis because of its faith. Aten contemplates his opening conversation with Melercertis. Because of religious and cultural differences, the Atlantean ruler is uncertain how best to welcome the Ladonean Emperor. In Aten’s mindset, he knows he must maintain the peace until Atlantis is strong enough to make the inevitable battle against the Ladonean Empire a decisive one. The Atlantean Emperor knows his military can protect their borders, but are unable to go on the offensive. Even though Atlantis has superiority in technology and training, the Atlantean military is outnumbered by the Ladonean Empire. Aten’s empire has close to one-million available soldiers to fight against four-million men of Melercertis’ military.
The only things that keep an enemy from attacking Aten’s empire are his natural defenses and its powerful navy. Atlantis is on a peninsula, covered sea to sea by mountains. Those ranges create a natural barrier which keeps Atlantis safe from a land invasion. Also, the Atlanteans have built the Great East and West walls. These two man-made defensive structures were built to be impenetrable. Both walls are constantly maintained and defended with five gates and barriers throughout the mountain range into the peninsula. Should the outside wall into Atlantis be taken by an enemy, every half-mile are other fortified barriers and gates for defense.
Recently, the Atlantean military advisors have urged a Ladonean invasion before Melercertis’ military grows too strong. Aten has evaluated a preemptive strike, but the Ladonean Empire is too vast. Although the Atlanteans know they are the strongest military in the world, the sheer size of Ladonea holds any conquest at bay.
Last month, Aten sought the wisdom of his cabinet about going to war with Ladonea. He received only contradictory speculations concerning any offensive against the Eastern Empire. The Atlantean council has little knowledge of Ladonean politics or culture. A military cannot fight an enemy they do not know. Surveying further, the Atlantean Emperor concluded that the cabinet cared only about natural resources in Ladonea. Aten cannot afford to fall into the council’s trap of self-interest. It is up to Aten to create the doorway to peace for the future of his people. 
Emperor Aten stares at the large Ladonean ships. It is hard to believe that Melercertis desires to speak to the Atlanteans. There has been silence between the nobles from both empires for twenty-six years. Why would the Ladoneans now seek diplomacy? The whole Atlantean Empire wonders what will come from this summit. Will the talks be peaceful or provoke greater disagreements between the two superpowers? Aten debates whether the war between the Atlanteans and Valteareans has anything to do with the assembly that is about to take place. No matter what, Aten is reviewing in his mind how to ask and answer questions that may occur. He ponders his abilities to make this happen.
When Melercertis’ battlecruisers are finally secured in the Atlantean docks, his military advisors step off their ships and form ranks, standing at attention. Emperor Aten asks his waiting councils to step aside as he walks toward his invited guest from abroad, wanting to stand alone to represent the people of Atlantis. Aten’s grandmasters, his elite guard, are the only defense protecting him if anything goes wrong, yet even they are ordered to stand back.
When Emperor Melercertis steps off the ship, he also stands alone, with his armed escort standing in the background. The two emperors face each other, thirty feet apart and fifty feet from the nearest person. The two most powerful men in the world stand tall. As a host, Aten makes the first gesture of peace. Walking toward the Ladonean Emperor gracefully, the Atlantean Emperor smiles and extends his hand to greet his guest. In return, Melercertis mirrors the gesture. 
The two emperors shake hands and Aten says, “It is a great honor to meet you. Our two empires have been skeptical of one another for over twenty years. I am elated you are here in my capital. Let us relish this moment and be two men, from two different cultures, wanting peace.”
Melercertis replies, “I have been at sea for two weeks. Politics is the last thing on my mind. I would love to view your city. I have heard rumors, but looking at Atlantis, the stories cannot do justice to what my eyes behold today.” 
They both smile, and the Atlanteans cheer. The crowd realizes this is a monumental moment to never be forgotten. The spectators feel as if they no longer have anything to fear, viewing a man rather than an unknown face. The cheering among the audience grows louder as the two emperors walk toward the Atlantean capital. Melercertis and Aten cross a massive bridge spanning the harbor. The first contact with the East is accomplished. A beginning of trade and peace marks this day.
Melercertis walks slowly and elegantly with Aten through the entrance of the city. The Ladonean advisors and generals follow, saying nothing. The Ladonean Emperor glances at buildings made of marble and granite; he has never seen this kind of construction before. Being in the Atlantean capital is a culture shock to Melercertis. 
The two emperors discuss the politics and culture of one another’s empire as they walk. Melercertis speaks the Atlantean language fluently, and can understand without misinterpretation. The two leaders know they are similar in greed, love, and power. They also understand that each loves their empire and would defend it to the death. They see each other as equals. The more they talk, the more at ease they become with one another.
En route to Aten’s palace, Melercertis notices a great structure of limestone, with smoke billowing from the top. The building is a massive pyramid, one-hundred feet tall, covering an entire acre at its base. As they walk, the Ladonean Emperor continues staring at the sight and Aten asks, “What is on your mind?”
Melercertis responds, “I see so much. Your city is overwhelming.”
Aten says, “You have come to my empire in peace. The building you are looking at is where we produce steel to make our swords. Since I no longer see you as a potential enemy, I will give you a tour of the building. There has been mistrust between our two civilizations, but now, I will hide nothing. If you want to know something, I will gladly tell you.”
Melercertis replies, “Agreed. I wish our two empires had not gone to war twenty-six years ago. We could have learned a great deal from one another. Soon, I want you to come to my capital so you can understand my culture.”
Aten smiles at Melercertis and says, “One day, that will be an honor.” 
Aten takes the Ladonean Emperor inside the pyramid to display the steel manufacturing in progress. The two emperors take an abbreviated tour and walk toward the palace. Melercertis is awed by what he is witnessing. 
As the emperors move deeper into the capital, Melercertis observes statues and writing everywhere. He cannot read. Only five percent of the Eastern Empire is literate. Because the Ladoneans are progressing similar to the Atlanteans, they also are moving toward one written language. However, Atlantis is different in that their civilization has had one language for the last five-hundred years. Less than three percent of the Atlantean population is without at least some level of literacy. 
Among the different cultures inside each city-state on the peninsula, some cultures did not relinquish their writing and language heritage. The religious writings are written in the old Atlantean text, so the Empire has two written languages. Well-educated Atlanteans are taught both. The other writings have disappeared through the centuries or been rewritten in the new text. Libraries inside Aten’s capital still have the ancient writings from their forefathers, and some scholars can translate them all. 
That night inside the Atlantean palace, Melercertis and Aten dine alone, without generals and advisors interrupting. They sit across from each other and servants attend to their every need.
Aten says, “I took the liberty of choosing our first feast together.”
Melercetis responds, “Good! Since our cultures are different, I have always wondered how your meals were prepared. I hope my manners are up to your standards.” 
Aten says, “I am astonished how quickly your empire has grown.”
Melercertis responds, “Thank you; we have had our troubles like any other government. I know you can relate. For starters, each Ladonean citizen is given a job throughout their lifetime. Every one in my empire starts at the bottom and works their way up. Young people are entered into an apprenticeship at age twelve, based on their physicality, talents, and interests. Categorizing people’s abilities has brought success and helped my empire grow steadily. Prior to this, other empires considered the Ladonean Empire nothing but a wasteland. Before I became emperor, my people were very nomadic. Communities fought one another and gained nothing but temporary territorial rights. I brought order and civility to the tribes of my lands. After a short time, the empire you know now began to prosper. Because I was good at persuading, I sold my philosophies to what is now the Ladonean Empire. I was lucky. My domain had grown tired of tribal disputes and was ready for change. The whole empire knew they were self-destructing and yearned for structure.”
Aten asks, “What makes your people want to strive?” 
Melercertis responds, “In the Ladonean Empire, everything is given by the government. If a citizen does well, the person will receive luxury goods that come though trade with other empires. The Ladonean government appoints the amount of tokens to trade for specific items at our markets. If a person does not do what is demanded, the citizen is punished by not receiving sufficient tokens.” He pauses, and asks, “May I ask a question?”
Aten says, “Yes, this is the reason you and I are here alone. As leaders of our people, we need time apart from politicians and military advisors to speak freely with one another.”
Melercertis asks, “How does your civilization work?”
Aten says, “At the age of six, every child attends learning institutions until the age of fifteen. In early life, Atlanteans are taught the basics of math, science, reading, and writing. If an Atlantean has a gift in science, that child may choose to join a science university and help advance our technology. If an Atlantean can produce a better product or weapon, the government assures royalties. Because of the chance of compensation, an inventor has the potential to become wealthy.”
Melercertis asks, “So, the people in your empire have choices to do as they please?”
Aten responds, “More or less. After the age of fifteen, all but the gifted join the military. Males and females have the choice of a compulsory five year military service or attending a military university. If they choose military school, they will have higher rank but remain in our armed services another ten years. After giving fifteen years of military service, the Atlantean is considered a noble. The noble can vote and pursue what he or she pleases. If they decide to reenlist after their full fifteen years of service, the officers can remain in the lands they conquer to become government officials, and are given taxes from the new state.”
Melercertis asks, “How did you build your empire so exquisitely?”
Aten responds, “Apart from the military, Atlanteans are required to serve their empire to qualify for citizenship. At the age of twenty and following their military service, Atlanteans work another five years in construction. Other than the gifted or those in the military, everyone is acquired to build homes, temples, roads, and anything needed to make the Atlantean Empire more efficient. After the last year of public service, people in construction work together to build new homes for those who have devoted their vivacity to the empire. After the age of twenty-five, the home is given to the individual, and those people begin their lives as citizens.”
After Aten and Melercertis finish dinner and go to their quarters, each realizes how different their lands truly are, and wonders if the differences can ever be overcome.

Chapter VIII
Brothers-in-Conquest

Two days into the summit, Melercertis feels like he is in a different world. In the morning, the two emperors walk toward the Atlantean Senate Hall. The superstructure is made of fourteen-thousand square feet of limestone, with one-hundred-forty-four supporting columns and fifty-foot ceilings. In the middle of the massive structure is a dome that provides natural sunlight during the day. To the Ladonean Emperor, the thought of actually being in Atlantis has not yet set in. Melercertis feels like he is in a dream.
Inside the Senate Hall, Aten gives Melercertis a sword, but does so privately. The sword is gold and wrapped in a blanket to keep the content concealed. Aten says, “I want to give this sword to you as a peaceful gesture. It belonged to my father who attacked your civilization. Most generals give a sword as a way to say they surrender. I am giving this sword to show there will be no more hostilities between our two empires. This sword is important to me, but our friendship means more.” 
Melercertis replies, “I will earn your trust in order to attain peace and to trade with your empire. Thank you for this meaningful gesture. In return, I will give this sword to your first male grandson when he reaches manhood in the decades to come.” 
At that, Emperor Aten knows the man is genuine. With a little small talk, both agree they want to do more trading on a large scale. The talks are going better than either expected. 
Because Aten wants Melercertis to see Atlantis’ military might, he leads the Eastern Emperor to the main citadel where the best Atlantean archers are practicing. When they walk into the archery workshop, two-hundred craftsmen are constructing the Atlantean bows from the molless tree. Each bow takes three months to assemble. Every bow has intricate designs and is a work of art. The craftsmen use pulleys to give the bow more recoil. Steel is used to reinforce and streamline the bows. Upon completion, each weapon is tested and retested to ensure perfection.
After the tour of the workshop, Aten and Melercertis head toward the archery firing range. There, the Ladonean Emperor sees the rigorous training of the Atlantean archers. At the training site, Melercertis sees three-hundred archers firing one-hundred yards toward a circle that has a diameter of five yards. When arrows are fired, only forty Atlantean archers miss their mark. Repetitious practice is demanded in the Atlantean Empire until the skill is perfected. If any Atlantean archer does not attain perfection, he or she is dishonored. Each individual strives to be perfect in every aspect of their lives. Determination and perfection are drilled into the children in Atlantean schools. Honor is instilled through schools, temples, and the home. Melercertis’ domain has similar fundamentals, but is culturally quite foreign.
That afternoon, the real talks begin. Military officials and councilmen gather from both empires at the Central Trade Building. At first, they talk about helping each other economically. The Ladoneans want Atlantis to use their technologies to help produce more goods and resources for the Ladonean Empire. In return for advising, the Ladoneans will trade a great deal of natural resources. The partnership will make Atlantis very prosperous. About midday, the talk between the two empires turns toward conquest. Amidst the economic talks, Melercertis looks at Aten and asks for attention from the Atlantean Senate.
Melercertis says, “So far, we have spoken about utilizing technology and resources to better our two empires. The only thing we haven’t talked about is the Sabathean Empire. In the past two years, Sabatheans have destroyed outposts on our border. With a great number of my men in the Northern territories, rebellions in the new states are putting a military strain on my empire. Sabathea is probing our weakness, which is one of the reasons I came here. Twenty-six years ago, the west side of Sabathea was an Atlantean territory. It was stripped away after the Great War with your people… What if you regain your land?” 
Aten replies angrily, “Twenty-six years ago, about half the population of what is now Sabathea believed in God. That has changed. The civilization is closer to your belief in multiple gods. Their military rules the empire now. The Sabathean Empire is lost to us.” 
Melercertis says, “I understand. My military advisors have asked me to consider war with your empire. I am sure your advisors have done the same. We can stop this now. I don’t want a war with Atlantis. I respect your civilization, and there is much to gain from a military alliance. With our two militaries working together, we can win a swift victory against the Sabatheans. The military campaign should not cost many lives on either side. If they are confronted on two fronts, they would be unable to concentrate their military. I know our cultures are different, but the friendship between our two empires will prevail for our children and our children’s children. With our alliance, Sabathea will fall quickly. Your empire has problems with the Sabatheans as do we. The natural resources you had twenty-six years ago can be yours again.” 
Aten shakes his head and replies, “The world we knew twenty-six years ago has changed. Very few people in the Sabathean Empire want to become a part of my empire.” 
Melercertis walks toward him with open arms and says, “We can make the earth a better place. I have over four-million men if needed to defend or attack an empire. Your empire has one-million capable warriors. Some of my advisors say we would lose if we had to fight the Atlanteans. If we take Sabathea together, Kyrenia and Mantineia will stay out of the takeover. Even if they do decide to enter the war, our empires will destroy them and take the world together.” 
Aten muses before replying, “You are a good tradesman. Atlantis will consider this. I also want to be one who brings our two civilizations together. I must talk with my advisors and generals; but now, I don’t want to talk of conquest or politics anymore. Let us celebrate the first meeting of our two empires in over twenty-six years.”
With a concerned voice Melercertis says, “Because of our negotiations, I thought your son would have joined our conference.” 
Aten replies, “I am concerned about my son. He should have been here two days ago, yet I remain confident of his intentions where ever he may be.” 
The two emperors return to their chambers. They bathe and indulge in the luxuries that go with being an emperor.
That night, the Atlantean politicians hear about the possibility of Ladonea and Atlantis joining on a quest. Some of the senators remember when parts of Sabathea were Atlantean territory. When the Great War was over, the Atlanteans lost provinces on the continent. Now, there is a chance to regain that land through Melercertis.
The next morning, Aten orders his personal council to the palace for summit discussion. Following that, a majority of Aten’s council believes Melercetis’ plan is the right thing to do, but they remain apprehensive. One of Aten’s servants brings a message to him from the Senate. After reading it, Aten angrily crumples the note in his hand, and is very troubled. He orders his giant elk to the front of his palace. Aten rushes to the Senate Hall, riding directly to his Senate. Glasor, who is head of the council, meets Aten at the entrance. The council is in the background, discussing loudly about the alliance with Ladonea.
Glasor says, “Your son will be here in three hours, and asked that you be here when he arrives.” 
“Did he say what it is about?” Aten asks. 
Glasor replies, “No, the messenger had little contact with the Prince.” 
The Atlantean Emperor says with confidence, “There must be problems in Valtear.” 
Glasor replies, “Sire, everyone wants to know about this alliance with Melercertis. Is it going to happen?” 
Aten looks at Glasor and says, “I can see there is already a great deal of emotion involved with taking Sabathea. We all need to carefully think this through.”
Glasor replies, “The Senate is asking me questions, and I do not know what to tell them.”
Aten puts his hand on Glasor’s shoulder and replies, “You are a leader of this council, and I expect you to act accordingly. You’re in charge until I return. I will do nothing in haste. We need to take one step at a time. Let us first hear what my son has to say. If we are having problems with Valtear, we may not be able to go on any quest.”
Glasor looks up at him and says with a smile, “I understand.”
This is something Aten does not want to deal with. The talk with the Ladonean Emperor is stressing the Atlantean Emperor. He sees his council as being greedy. Melercertis has put ideas into the political circles. Aten likes the idea of having the lost territory again in the Atlantean Empire, but he wonders at what cost. 
The Atlantean Emperor goes for a walk. In the back of Aten’s mind, he knows something has to be wrong for his son to request a meeting like this. The talks between the Ladoneans and Atlantis have already taken place. There is much uncertainty in the political arena of Aten’s council. All Aten knows is that his council is in disarray. Knowledge is the key to power, and he has little influence until his son returns to the Atlantean council.

Chapter IX
Politics and Trust

As soon as Daygun is observed entering the Atlantean Senate Chamber Hall, a servant runs to retrieve Emperor Aten. The Prince waits, and will say nothing to the council until his father’s returns. Everyone in the room wants answers, but the Prince knows he needs his father to help control the Senate. Daygun also realizes he does not have the right to make speculations on what he saw in the Ladonean Empire without his father’s presence.
The Atlantean Emperor has regrouped his thoughts and breathes deeply before entering the Senate Hall. A servant opens the door and two grandmasters walk in alongside Aten. The councilmen stand as he enters. The room is still as the Emperor moves toward his son. Daygun stands at attention and salutes his father. 
“What is so important to bring the Senate and councils together?” Aten asks.
Everyone awaits Daygun’s response. The Prince looks very concerned, and can hardly wait to tell what has been troubling him. Urgently he says, “With the flooding rains, I had no choice but to go through the Ladonean Empire to attend this summit; I had to make good time. My garrison came across an army twenty miles from our borders and twenty miles outside the Sabathean Empire, near the Crayloran River. Obviously, the Ladoneans are exercising their military. I fear they are preparing to invade either Atlantis or Sabathea.”
Aten replies reassuringly, “Melercertis is asking us for a unified effort to take Sabathea. In the last year, there have been at least a dozen border skirmishes between those two. Melercertis is having trouble with his Northern territories and cannot use his full military might for a preemptive strike.”
Daygun replies, “It is my opinion that we cannot trust the Ladonean Empire. What are Melercertis’ full intentions? This could be a trick or diversion.”
Aten says, “The Ladoneans want east of the Alber Mountains, and will give us the west in the joint effort. The land is exactly what Atlantis had before the Great War. If we take the Sabathean Empire together, it will be one less empire for Atlantis to worry about.” 
Respectfully, Daygun asks his father, “If everything is in our favor, why would the Ladoneans not want more? This all seems too easy.”
Aten pauses then replies, “It is part of the negotiations. True leaders do not make decisions at the first talks. It will take many more negotiations before our empires begin working together for each other’s benefit. The Ladonean Emperor is providing an incentive for us to agree in this conquest. They need the resources in Sabathea, and also want our advisement and technologies to more efficiently produce their trade.”
With great emotion, Daygun says, “I do understand. Melercertis is giving too much too soon. Before he was an emperor, he was a tradesman. A former person in that field would have sought a better bargain before ceding everything in the first talks.”
Aten nods, breathes deeply, and replies, “I agree. Daygun, you will be a great leader for this empire one day.”
Daygun stands at full attention and says, “Thank you, my Lord.”
The rest of the council is silent. Aten turns to Glasor and asks, “Do you have anything to add to this?” 
Glasor strolls to the middle of the room and loudly replies, “Yes, my Lord. Our council is evaluating every aspect of this conquest to strengthen our empire. If we take Sabathea, the act will benefit our civilization. Like Prince Daygun mentioned, we cannot trust the Ladonean Empire. If Melercertis should be overthrown in the near future, we may not have this chance again. Because Sabathea is growing quickly, this may be the only chance we will ever have to regain our land.” 
Emperor Aten walks to the head of the table. He starts to say something, and then stops to regroup his thoughts. He wants someone to oppose the idea of an alliance with the Ladonean Empire. Listening, he tries to make out what the Senate is mumbling under their breath; they are still arguing quietly about the results of such a conquest.
Aten finally says, “So, the best thing to do is form an alliance with Melercertis. I believe it will be our mistake to not seize this opportunity. After the Great War, our empire was demoralized by the inhabitants of the continent. For the last twenty-six years, we have licked our wounds. This is a good chance to return pride to our people.” 
Gavis, one of the main Atlantean generals, throws a map on the table and says, “The bulk of the Sabathean military is on the east side of the Alber Mountains. The Ladoneans will absorb the majority of fatalities. Their military will take years to recover. Should the Ladoneans decide to betray us in the future; the alliance could be to our advantage in the future.” 
Aten replies, “I agree, and I have no indications of betrayal from Melercertis.” 
The Atlantean Emperor looks at Ryeland, one of his best young generals, and asks, “Ryeland, what are your thoughts?”
Ryeland is very strong, six-foot tall, with black hair, and brown eyes. The young general is the son of the Masabaian King, and has moved up the ranks to general without his father’s influence. He has been friends with Daygun since the age of twelve. They both have learned from one another to become great warriors and generals. On social matters, they see their environment differently, yet respect each other’s thoughts of how to solve problems. 
Ryeland studies the map and says, “Life is nothing but a gamble. Many Atlantean soldiers will die so that future sons and daughters will have opportunities to grow. If this is what the Ladonean people desire, we should accept the agreement. In the past five years, Atlantis has been concerned with Ladonea and Sabathea. We have to assume that they are as apprehensive of us as we are of them. The potential for a war with the Sabathean people has steadily escalated. This is a good opportunity for our empire to attack. The alliance will remove one of our threats. In the future, we can concentrate our military on the Ladoneans if they decide to start a war with us.” 
With a reassuring voice, Aten replies, “I understand, but it is as you said before. We must take a chance now before it is too late. This is an opportunity which we cannot ignore.” 
“What do you think, Son?” Aten asks Daygun.
Daygun replies, “I repeat, I do not trust the Ladonean Emperor, but I will agree to anything you decide. You are my father and Emperor. I am a servant to protect our people.” 
Aten shakes his head and says, “I do not believe in Melercertis’ cause either, but for our children’s sake, we must take this opportunity. I will further discuss the alliance with Melercetis. He is staying for your wedding and wants to see the games. Other than that, Daygun, you are up for grandmaster in two days. In little over a week, we will also have a new member in our family. Kaydence has captured my heart. I feel fortunate that she will be a part of our family.”
With an uneasy look on his face, Daygun says, “Yes, my life is about to change; I am ready. I have gone into battle many times, but I think I am more afraid of marrying than of dying. In preparing for the games to come, I have learned a great deal from last year’s competition.”
Aten looks at Daygun and says proudly, “You were born ready. You are my son. Take one step at a time. With the games, winning is good, but losing is sometimes better. In marriage, you will lose all the time, but that is part of being a man.”
Puzzled, Daygun replies, “I don’t understand.”
Aten tries to show he is a father as well as an emperor, and says, “Losing battles is part of the game. As long as you live and learn from your mistakes, you win from losing.”
Daygun is embarrassed, and replies, “Father, I shall retire for the day. May I do anything else for you?”
Aten smiles and says, “No. With the competition coming up, I hope you dream of swords. Always remember, you’re a man whether you win or lose.” 
“Ryeland, are you also going for the grandmaster?” Aten asks, glancing at the young general.
Ryeland stands at attention and replies, “Yes, Sire.”
“Two of my best swordsmen are here with me. Ryeland, you have a great deal of discipline and talent; your division says good things about you. You’re a true leader,” Aten says with pride.
The next day in the palace gardens, Daygun and Ryeland practice the art of sword fighting. In the Atlantean Empire, almost nothing is more important than being a grandmaster. The two friends are in good condition and spar for hours. Afterward, while drinking wine, they think of the people they will spar against at daybreak.

Chapter X
The Sporting Arena

An hour before dawn, just beneath the amphitheater, Daygun and Ryeland are in the grandmasters’ hall. Only the elite can enter the building; its access is restricted to the two-hundred best fighters of Atlantis. These two have earned the right to be there because of their previous performances. The grand building is lined with statues and the Atlanteans’ coat-of-arms. Both contenders are nervous and excited. 
Five percent of the Atlanteans’ top-grade granite went into the grand stadium. It took ten years to complete, involving the experience of tens of thousands of craftsmen. The sports ground is in the center of the capital. Each Atlantean child dreams of sparring in the arena, but only the best will gain that honor.
The amphitheater is the pride of Aten’s culture. Because the arena can hold only fifty-five-thousand spectators, the privilege of attendance is bought at a high price. Thus, only the richest and most important gain entry to view the games. The spectators are diverse, and represent numerous aspects of the Atlantean Empire. Grandmasters’ names from generations past are engraved on a ceremonial stone at the main entrance to the stadium. Daygun and Ryeland are hoping to someday have their names on the high-ranking monument. 
During the early morning, Daygun and Ryeland prepare for the fight of their lives. Although both have been here before, neither has become one of the top eight fighters to battle the grandmasters. 
The stadium is filled over capacity. Fans are inside to see the summer’s competition. Thousands of spectators wait outside the arena to hear the outcomes. Aten and every king of the empire have come to see the games. Mantis, Ryeland’s father, is there to support his son. Melercertis accompanies the Atlantean Emperor as they are escorted to their seats. His empire holds similar games, but nothing compared to what he is witnessing. While progressing through the crowds, Aten introduces the Ladonean Emperor as a friend of the empire. 
The stadium’s floor is crowded with contenders. All one-thousand-twenty-four combatants are in the arena. Before sunrise, the anticipation of the games is at its highest. The sparring games will begin when the sun is fully above the horizon on the longest day of the year. Torches are still blazing to give light. Just as the sun begins to lift above the skyline, all man-made fires are extinguished, and the horns blow. No one can see farther than twenty feet in front of themselves. Spectators begin cheering as do kings and nobles. The crowd’s volume increases as the day brightens. Five-hundred-twelve sparring matches will occur simultaneously, with one judge for each fight to declare a winner. 
According to the rules, when sixty-four contenders remain, two warriors will spar with each other in the arena toward the climax of the games. At day’s end, eight undefeated contenders will fight a grandmaster in the chance of a lifetime. Grandmasters are not required to fight until each meets one of the final eight contenders, giving the grandmasters the advantage. 
The sparring begins with Daygun and Ryeland fighting different opponents. Each wins their first match easily. The second level of competition will start in forty-five minutes, giving athletes time to rest. The break also gives the crowd time to trade and converse about politics. Now, only half of the warriors are eligible to fight toward the next level.
On the third level of the competition, Ryeland’s competitor is very good. The contest takes eight minutes before Mantis’ son wins his match. Daygun, on the other hand, easily wins against his opponent. The crowd goes wild as the spectators try to predict who will reach the final eight.
At noon, the fourth level of competition commences. Daygun and Ryeland defeat both competitors almost simultaneously. They look at each other and smile across the sparring field. They will proceed to the fifth level, where there are only sixty-four competitors. Aten and Mantis are proud to see their sons make it this far. Though Aten and Mantis are royalty, they are fathers and proud of both young men. By late afternoon, Daygun and Ryeland have won all matches, leading them to fight a grandmaster. 
Daygun and Ryeland reach their objective, unobtainable the previous year: they advance to the finals. Having already fought eight matches, the two friends are exhausted. Wishing each other luck, they concentrate on what is about to occur.
Late in the evening, Daygun and Ryeland are the last to fight from the eight finalists. The other six contenders lost quickly to the grandmasters. The two sons of royalty are the only ones who can possibly win against the best of the best. The grandmasters have not lost a fight in the stadium for several years. The crowd is ready to see a new name listed on the grandmasters’ stone. 
Ryeland is first, and approaches the grandmaster nervously but confidently. The swords fly. Mantis’ son fights defensively, tiring quickly, but realizes he must bring the grandmaster down to his level of exhaustion. To conserve energy, he uses no offensive advances until the time is right and the grandmaster is becoming overconfident. The crowd is booing at the underdog. Ryeland purposely shows weaknesses, and then remembers the grandmaster’s movement that displayed his Achilles' heel. Ryeland replays the same scenario to make his opponent try the same offensive move. Indeed, the confident grandmaster repeats his mistake. That is when Mantis’ son counters the aggressive thrust, going on his own offensive. The grandmaster falters and loses his footing. Ryeland pins down the grandmaster with his sword. 
The crowd goes wild, jumping to their feet and cheering for Ryeland. Mantis meets his son on the grounds and congratulates him. No one has beaten a grandmaster in two years. Ryeland and his father bow to one another as is tradition. If a warrior wins the final match against a grandmaster, the warrior’s father is expected to bow to his son. The ceremonial gesture is to show the audience a father’s pride in his son’s victory. In the games, a fighter is a fighter regardless of his father’s importance. Ryeland falls to his knees before his king as a servant of Atlantis. 
Daygun’s fight is next; he has had twenty minutes more rest than Ryeland. Aten’s son enters the grounds. As he plants his feet in readiness for the match, the setting sun hits Daygun’s front side. The grandmaster enters the gate that shadows his face to Daygun. It is intimidating to the Prince. 
The swords begin flying. From the beginning, Daygun is on the defensive. The Prince tries to move to gain the advantage, but is countered and gets nowhere. The grandmaster works at keeping Daygun’s face toward the sunlight. The Prince has brief moments of relief from the blinding light, but the grandmaster is too good. The swords meet one another again and again. Daygun counters every measure of his opponent. The Prince musters a short offensive, and then the grandmaster returns with a counterattack. Both opponents tire. During split seconds of the match, Daygun does not see where the grandmaster’s assault is coming from because the sun still blinds him. With only thirty percent visibility, the Prince attempts a final offensive, but the grandmaster counterstrikes and pins him down. 
Daygun is defeated, but there is no shame. Aten proceeds to the grounds and says he is proud of his son. The Prince is very angry at his defeat, as any true leader might be. Daygun then falls to his knees before the emperor. The crowd goes wild. The masses have seen the best fight of the last five years. Daygun has fought with the best of the best but has lost. As is ritual in the games, the Prince bows to his father, but Aten does not return the bow because of Atlantean tradition. The loser does not receive a bow from the father. The games are over. Ryeland is the victor. Daygun and Ryeland leave the arena in different mental states. 
After the games, Aten asks to see Daygun. The beaten warrior approaches his father in the emperor’s chamber. They walk out to the gardens which consist of plants from all around the world. The grounds are well kept by caretakers. The two men walk slowly and Aten says, “What have you learned from this, my son?”
Daygun sits down on a bench, and says, “Not to fight blind.”
Smiling at Daygun, Aten replies, “No! You are beating yourself up with this. I can tell that you do not see the whole picture. Your mind is clouded with disappointment and pride. I will not accept that answer.”
Daygun takes a deep breath. The Prince knows that it is not Aten who is disappointed, but himself. Daygun can feel the love coming from the Atlantean Emperor. It is a soothing voice that a son can hear only from his father. The Prince feels ashamed and wonders how his army will look at him, knowing he faulted for obtuse reasons. How he wishes he could fight the grandmaster again, but he has to wait another year.
Aten looks at the garden and says, “What is the real reason that you think you didn‘t accomplish your goal at the games?” Aten can tell from Daygun’s expression that the reason is simple. 
Daygun replies, “I lost because I was not focused: I was thinking of the men I left behind in Valtear, I am getting married, and I don’t trust Melercertis. All these thoughts have been racing through my mind since I returned from defeating the Valtearean Army. I didn’t expect what I witnessed in Ladonea and war has plagued my mind. I couldn’t shake my thoughts. I let my surroundings govern my objective to succeed.”
Aten sits next to his son and says, “There are times when I can’t get outside the realm of my own mind. I sometimes feel trapped and confined. Each day I feel this way. I have to withdraw to find myself again. A true leader must abandon an unclear solution to regroup his thoughts then return to overcome the tribulation. It happens in fighting, love, and politics every day. If one can govern his emotions at the right time, success will be his. A lesson in life is to not let the environment govern you.”
Daygun’s happiness is reflected on his face. He loves his father. The Prince hopes he can encourage his future children in the same way when they falter. 
“Yes… Sir; I didn’t have a clear mind. It will never happen again,” Daygun says, this time with a more positive attitude.
Aten stands and replies, “I want you to remember this. I don’t have all the answers all the time. To me, fighting and politics are the same. You have to regroup your thoughts and then fight. If you don’t, people will see your weaknesses and take advantage of you. As a leader, you can’t let them. Advisors can be good, but trusting your own instincts is essential. Ryeland won at the arena because he had no other obstacle in his way. The grandmaster thought too hard about Ryeland’s harsh attack. In a split second of his match, Ryeland did something simple that the grandmaster overlooked, and he was defeated.”
“I understand what you’re saying. I saw that,” Daygun says as he also stands. Aten can tell that his son is feeling better and his mind is at ease.
Aten grabs Daygun’s shoulder and replies in a stern voice, “If you can see other people’s faults, look at yours first. Govern your emotional response to others, and then you can help people with their own fears. This is the only way to become a true leader. If people see you taking charge of your own life, they will follow your example.”
“I understand. It will be done. I must retire and regroup my thoughts,” Daygun says with a smile.
At the Halotropolian marketplace, politicians pass by and overhear Mantis praising his son for becoming a grandmaster. He speaks only about Ryeland’s victory. The government officials congratulate the new grandmaster. As more people come to give praise, Ryeland feels uncomfortable, realizing that his father is only promoting the win for personal gain.
At one of the vendors, Ryeland and his father are alone, and Mantis says, “There is nothing more I can teach you. I have taught you everything I know. I have brought you up to the best of my ability. The rest of your life you will have to learn lessons the hard way… the way my father taught me. A lot of what I say may not contribute to your mindset. Seek the people you trust and follow your gut instinct.” 
“I don’t understand,” Ryeland replies with a puzzled look on his face. 
Mantis looks in his son’s eyes with pride and says, “I have been hard on you. I regret some of the things I have done as a father, but I can’t take it back. You need to seek your inner-self to find your own way.”
Feeling ill at ease, Ryeland says, “I will not let you or myself down.”
A week later, Daygun is at Halotropolis to be married. Aten and his advisors are there to brief the Military Council on what will transpire between the alliance of the Ladoneans and the Atlanteans. Melercertis is present to see the wedding as a gesture to a new ally, and to review the alliance. 
Being the leader of Atlantis, Aten has full right to wage war on the Sabatheans, but still consults with the kings of the city-states and the empire’s council. The Atlantean Emperor can overturn any king, yet fears the resentment that could cause. An emperor must have full or partial support of his councils according to Atlantean law. Deep in Aten’s mind, he wishes there was a different system of government. The Atlantean Emperor knows the empire rests on his shoulders, and his reputation is on the line. Aten’s father was killed in the last war between the peninsula and the continent. Even though Atlantis has a strong ally to conquer Sabathea, the leader of Atlantis is still apprehensive. Until this summit, the Ladoneans were considered a potential enemy.
Before the wedding, Mantis travels to Vasic where the Atlantean battlecruisers are getting their final touches. The warships have steel-plating and Mantis is there to inspect the work. Most of the steel is made in Masaba. Mantis rides to Halotropolis and begs Aten for more steel.
The Atlantean kings work together as one to improve their empire. The nobles and politicians act as one. In the Atlantean Empire, royalty and officials have full jurisdiction inside the peninsula. All kings act as brothers, with a common goal to improve their civilization. 
Aten is with the council, awaiting Mantis’ arrival. The Atlantean Emperor speaks to Melercertis before he returns to his homeland. Both military councils are working on battle plans to engage Sabathea.
After Melercertis leaves to speak with his advisors, Mantis finally reaches Halotropolis and enters the council meeting. He says, “My Lord, I need more steel to build our military. The iron ore coming out of Valtear is substandard, making it difficult to manufacture steel. Two days ago, we learned that the Valtearean Kingdom is trading with the Mantineian Empire. The natural resource to produce what we need is coming from Mantineia, not our newly occupied territory. The Valteareans have been trading iron ore for salt and other minerals. King Tulless has lied to our empire.”
Aten takes a step back, and says, “Tulless has not erred. His duties are those of a middleman. There is nothing wrong with fair trade between empires and kingdoms. His honor has not been spoiled. Atlantis has done worse in some trades to gain the advantage. Tulless did the same and took advantage of his own resources for his own kingdom.”
Mantis replies, “We are about to take the Sabathean Empire and destroy their way of life. We will merge the Sabatheans with our own people. Our culture and God will replace theirs. I am starting to have second thoughts about this alliance.” 
Aten answers, “The world is full of different political structures and cultures. If everyone was equal and believed the same, man would become stagnant and less competitive. Different civilizations and traditions help mankind become stronger. There can be no other way. Man’s independence is the only freedom of life. Taking Sabathea is wrong, but we will let the people of the conquered land decide if they want to live in our culture or under the Ladoneans. On the other hand, eighty percent of the Sabathean population lives on the east side of the Alber Mountains where most of their culture is similar to the Ladoneans’. We will not destroy their traditions, but we must have the Sabatheans’ natural borders for our empire’s future. Since Melercertis has arrived, I have wondered if we are doing the right thing. We will not push our religion on the Sabathean culture once we occupy their land. As Atlantean Emperor, I choose our way of life over the Sabatheans. If the Sabathean Emperor had to make the same decision, I am sure he would have the done the same.”
Following Mantis’ comment, others begin reconsidering attacking Sabathea. Haylos, King of Halotropolis, says, “I understand, but taking half of the Sabathean Empire will cause hatred toward us. They will rebel. I also do not trust Melercertis. There is too much uncertainty. Why should we take a chance of taking on so much? Yes, we are a world power. However, if this becomes a world-wide conflict, we will lose.”
Aten looks straight into Haylos’ eyes and says, “To protect ourselves in the future, we must go forward. This reasoning is for the future of our children and grandchildren.”
Haylos says in a pleading voice, “The relocated Sabatheans will later become Ladoneans. Both cultures and religions are similar. The refugees from the lands we rule will want retribution because of our actions. The Sabatheans will destroy Atlantis. Revenge is a good reason to start a war.”
Aten replies, “We have to think of the long-term advantage. Atlantean technology is advancing at a fast pace. In twenty years, there will be no empire to challenge our military. If we must, we could wage war against the Ladoneans at acceptable losses. The new treaty between the Ladonean Empire and Atlantis will help our cultures grow. This alliance is a stepping stone for mankind. The one true God will be known across the continent. We will become the fathers of our faith one day. I know in my heart that God wants our people to do this.”
Mantis says, “I understand. I will fight for God and the people I rule. God is to thank for our success, and He will protect us. All of my soldiers are with you.”
Again meeting Mantis’ eyes Aten replies, “There are many other obstacles to sift through, but I need you, Mantis. You and I see eye-to-eye in most situations. Your city is second only to Atlantis in artillery. The army you have is the strongest in our empire. It comes from the leadership of their king. I have great respect for you and your warriors.”
Mantis says, “You have my allegiance. I gave you an oath, and I will keep it the rest of my life.”
The meeting is over. Daygun and Kaydence are marrying the same day. The kings and both emperors will attend the wedding. Everyone of importance is invited to the wedding of the decade. The Halotropolian Grand Hall is the focal point of the special ceremony, and can house close to five-thousand people. Every Atlantean emperor for the last three centuries has been married in the Hall. Daygun and Kaydence are nervous about what will soon transpire. Their whole world is about to change.

Chapter XI
Love and Family

Kaydence and Daygun stand at the altar before the high priest. The two will recite their own vows. If the vows do not speak to the validity of the marriage, the crowd can vote against the couple’s proceeding with the wedding. This is the tradition of the Atlantean Empire.
Although twenty-thousand people are in and around the Halotropolian Grand Hall, there is silence. Atlantean citizens pay the utmost respect. This is a special day that allows the people of Atlantis to see the future emperor and his wife.
Among Atlantean traditions is the custom of bringing a prior relationship to the wedding and letting them take part in the ceremony. It is a way to signify to the community that the bridal couple have let go of their past. A person without former courtships cannot marry. The Atlanteans believe a person has to learn from past dating experiences to have a good future. Family and honor are what make Atlantis a well-structured civilization, and traditions have a pivotal role in signifying that a person is ready to move forward.
As is tradition, Kaydence stands within a circle among family and friends. Tasteral is one of Kaydence’s past relationships. He was invited to participate in the ceremony. They were together for two and a half years, and he wants to be the one to give Kaydence away. Both stand in the circle together with Daygun and the high priest.
Kaydence says with pride, “This is the most important day of my life. I have learned a great deal from my past. Tasteral, I would like to start with you.” She holds his hand, looks into his eyes, and says, “You were my first love; however, I was very young. You gave me independence to grow. It was I who pulled away from our courtship, but to hurt you was not my intention. You will be in my heart forever, but Daygun has my heart and soul. I am going forward in life with my new husband, and will spend the rest of my life with him. According to custom, I must set you free among these witnesses to honor my marriage to Daygun.” 
Kaydence is still good friends with Tasteral, but she knows their friendship is changing. Traditionally, the previously beloved must leave the building and walk away. Tasteral does so after giving his blessing for Kaydence to marry Daygun. Tasteral is observed by thousands of spectators as he leaves the Halotropolian Grand Hall. Kaydence and Daygun remain in the circle with the high priest.
It is Daygun’s turn. He walks easily to the front of the crowd, takes Shana’s hand, and brings her into the circle. Daygun and Shana courted for two years.
Daygun says, “You were my first love and gave me more than I could ever have imagined. The timing of our two lives was never right and I take full blame. I was too ambitious to think of anyone but myself. I was very selfish, but have gained wisdom over the years and am now able to marry. I had to grow to find myself first. On the battlefield at Valtear, before a shot was fired, the only person I could think about was Kaydence. If I had died on the battlefield that day, I knew that I had lived well because of her friendship and this why I am marrying her. I need her understanding and love. She is honestly my best friend. In our custom and out of respect for my new wife, I must let you leave from my heart, since I am stepping forward with the person I will spend the rest of my life with.”
Shana bows her head toward the couple, before leaving the building. Kaydence and Daygun walk outside the circle as they blend with the community of Atlantis. The circle is empty except for the priest; he stands alone, looking around at the crowd. Kaydence and Daygun re-enter the circle as part of the ritual, and each takes a hand of the priest. The Prince gazes toward his bride, smiles, and takes her hand. A circle is formed with the three, representing the infinite love to God, empire, and devotion to each other.
Daygun clears his throat and says, “My love and friendship to you will never change, even into the afterlife. I will honor and stand beside you. I am asking, in the presence of our friends and countrymen for this union to be allowed.”
Kaydence is in a daze, but says assertively, “I also ask the people outside this immediate circle to allow this joining to take place. I will love this man until the end of time. I will raise our children to the moral values of God, honor, and family.”
Daygun and Kaydence bow while closing their eyes, submitting to the audience and God, as the priest asks the crowd, “Can anyone think of any reason for this marriage to not take place?” The entire hall is silent and the priest says, “In the eyes of God, I see your love toward one another. Go on your way together. Start your lives as one. Bring up your children with the same love you have for your empire and each other.” 
Daygun and Kaydence kiss each other to conclude the ceremony. The crowd cheers for the new married couple. The spectators are witnessing this couple a new beginning. 
After the ceremony, the newlyweds are at the Banquet of Joining, where friends and family come to rejoice regarding the union. While Kaydence speaks to friends, Daygun looks at her from a distance and feels fortunate. The Prince is proud to have her as his wife. During the ceremony, the event was a blur to both of them. Because the day is so overwhelming, Daygun becomes a bit dazed during the feast. To the newlyweds, being married is almost like being reborn. Their lives together will start from this very day. Across the room, Kaydence glances toward her husband and trembles with joy.
Aten stops Kaydence while mingling, and says, “I can see the love you have for my son. I remember my wedding day, and it makes me love my wife even more. I thank you for being an important part of our family. Over the years, a person sometimes forgets what is important in life. A man has to be reminded what he has. I love you as a daughter. Please go to your groom.”
Kaydence rushes to her new husband. The married couple converse with guests. Aten is glad that they complement each other, and his empire will be safe after he passes to the next life. Aten takes the waist of Atalanta, his wife, and kisses her like it was their first kiss.
The party continues. Aten approaches Daygun as if wanting to ask a question. The Atlantean Emperor says nothing, but the Prince knows that his father has something heavy on his mind. After several minutes, Aten looks at his son again without a smile. The Atlantean Prince walks to his father and asks, “What is on your mind, Father?” Because Aten is still silent, Daygun realizes something is bothering the Atlantean Emperor.
Aten, with a concerned voice, says, “I will not ask anything from you on your wedding day.”
Daygun tries to comfort his father and replies, “I would rather know now than to wonder what thoughts might be passing though your head. I understand you, Father, so please don’t do this to me.”
Aten points toward a staircase and says, “Very well; when the time is right for you, go up to the second floor, then to the third doorway on the left.”
Daygun takes his father’s hand and replies, “If something is bothering you this badly today, I must know. We are family, and Kaydence is a part of us. She will understand.”
Being discrete, Daygun walks to the room to which his father had directed him. Because Aten hesitated to ask something of him on such an important day, Daygun is very concerned. The Prince knows his father, and speculates that Aten’s concerns are somehow connected to the Ladonean Empire.
“What is it, Father?” Daygun asks as he enters the room. 
Aten sits and says, “I have made a decision. Melercertis cannot be trusted. I am sending Ryeland to the Ladonean Empire to train their men and to keep an eye on their intentions. After the war with the Sabathean Empire, I want to know the Ladoneans’ strengths and weaknesses. They can be a future enemy. I want to train the Ladoneans’ military in our way of combat. They will accept it as a token of peace. I will send our best warriors to train their military in our ways of war so that the conflict with the Sabatheans will be swift. Hopefully, the Ladoneans and Atlanteans will begin a clean slate. I also learned today that the Valtear Kingdom has poor iron ore deposits and has been trading with the Mantineian Empire for natural resources. We have been trading with the Valtear Kingdom, thinking it was coming from them. The Mantineian Empire has the quality iron ore we need. The Valteareans haven’t been as forthcoming as we had thought, although they do have other minerals to help produce our steel.”
Daygun replies, “The Mantineian Empire is not as weak as Valtear. Nextear, their newly proclaimed emperor, does not have full support of their nobles, but does have a strong military. He is taking the Mantineian Empire under his rule with politics and force. In two years, he will have complete control. Since we took Tulless’ kingdom under occupation, some of the Mantineian Empire bordering Valtear is asking for support. I do not condone war, but we will regain the territories lost before the Great War. We must send in our military to accomplish our goal of acquiring the natural resource we need, and to keep Nextear from having complete control in that part of the continent.”
Aten says, "I agree. Right now, we have four divisions inside Valtear. I am sending Laptos with three more to attack Mantineia. Our empire will never again have an opportunity like this. Your brother is the second most qualified leader to accomplish this. Persephone has moved up the ranks quickly, and I have confidence in her. I feel she has the qualifications and determination to help your brother. We need the iron ore to deter future enemies. Our new navy depends on steel, as does our infantry. The time has come for Laptos to have his victory; he has matured over the last three years. Daygun, you have trained him well. Do you think that he can shoulder the task?”
Daygun responds, “Laptos is still a little unsure of himself, but it’s time to give him an opportunity to lead a quest. My brother has good generals to help with his decisions, although we are still taking a chance. Sending in Persephone is a good idea because of her excellent leadership. Quentoris and Persephone balance each other on the battlefield.”
Aten glances at Daygun and says, “You were once inexperienced like your twin brother. I put political stress on you, and you succeeded. One day, I hope I can leave the Atlantean Empire to both of you. Our empire was expanding during my father’s rule. Our mathematics, astronomy, buildings, and military weapons have advanced during the last twenty-six years. In the new way of fighting, your brother uses our technology to his advantage. Three days from now, I will assemble the Senate and military advisors in the Military Grand Hall of our capital. I will make an executive decision to wage war on the Mantineian people and will tell Melercertis of our intentions. I have asked him to stay another week. He will accept my proposal because of his own imperialistic nature.”
After the Banquet of Joining, Aten speaks to Melercertis about his plan, and he agrees. The Alber Mountains will be the line drawn between the Ladonean and Atlantean empires. Melercertis will not go to war with the Mantineian or Kyrenian empires. Melercertis’ Empire will attack the bulk of the Sabatheans’ defenses. In negotiations, the Ladonean Emperor cannot help fight Mantineia because their Northern territories are still fragile. 
Three days later, Aten, Daygun, Ryeland, Persephone, and the Atlantean Military Council gather in the capital’s Military Grand Hall. Emperor Aten declares, “There will be a new beginning for our people. Melercertis has come to us in peace, wanting us to make a never-ending alliance with the Ladonean people. Even though we are small in numbers, we have the technology to protect our borders. The Valteareans have deceived us. Their iron ore isn’t the quality our empire needs. We will honor our forefathers’ wishes to never destroy another civilization or enslave our foes. We need resources from Mantineia. Nextear is the most powerful man in their corrupt empire, killing innocent people who disagree with him. We must protect those people from his military. The Atlanteans and Ladoneans will conquer the Sabathean Empire together on the longest day of this coming year. Our empire will reorganize Mantineia to our advantage through war. In taking Sabathea and Mantineia, we will reclaim our lands lost twenty-six years ago.”
General Persephone has captivated the audience with her beauty and athletic build. She stands at the table with her blond hair and blue eyes, staring at a map. Recently, she moved up the ranks to general over others that had equal qualities or more experience. It is her leadership and personality that have gotten her this far. Three years prior, she reached the top eight in the sparring games, fighting a grandmaster, and almost won. She says, “To contend against two empires, we must train new soldiers. We need more weapons and manpower.”
Aten responds, “You are right. We are ready for the next harvest of the molless tree, which will be next month. It will take six months to build bows for our new army. One month before the longest day of the year, we will attack Mantineia. After taking that empire, we will focus our military might on the Sabathean border on two fronts with Ladonea. On the longest day of the year, we will attack. Our future new territory, now known as Mantineia, will be our spearhead into Sabathea. Following one month’s reorganization inside Mantineia, Ladonea and our armies will march into Sabathea.”
Ryeland says, “Nextear is a strong leader, and growing stronger daily. His men will be harder to take than the Valteareans.”
Aten tells his generals and Military Council, “I will send Persephone with three divisions to help Laptos. That will give us seven divisions inside the Valtearean occupied state. Ryeland, I need you to take a division to teach the Ladonean generals how to fight, using our arts of war. We must show the Ladoneans that Atlantis wants peace. If we teach them our ways of war, we will show that we do not want them to lose warriors in the Sabathean Campaign. Ladonea is not strong enough to help in our conquest with Mantineia. In eight months, we can train four more divisions to reinforce our Great East and West walls. Ryeland, you will lead the fight into Sabathea on the Ladonean side. I will take ten Atlantean divisions to attack the Sabathean Empire. This conquest must be swift. Daygun, our empire needs your guidance here to protect our capital and empower our military machine. Now is the time for you to lead on the other side of warfare. Use our manpower to produce more weapons and train our men for battle. Keep twenty divisions in reserve as reinforcements. You will be in charge while I am gone. It is time for you to take leadership. Our armies believe in you and so do I. My father eradicated Atlantis’ pride, and I must restore it.”
Daygun is shocked, and says, “I can’t take your place. I think it is wise for me to lead the attack against the Sabathean Empire.”
Aten replies, “I will not let Kaydence hate me for the rest of her life. Your mother already wishes I was dead.”
The whole council laughs. Eventually, all men in the Military Grand Hall agree. The council debates what is going to happen in their near future. Ryeland is overwhelmed by what Aten is asking of him, but knows this campaign will put his name into legends that will be told generation after generation. 
Aten tells Melercertis about his plan. The Ladonean Emperor says he will not interfere with the Mantineian conquest. Melercertis will get the bread basket of Sabathea, and Aten will take the iron ore of Mantineia. Each empire will get what they need to evolve into their next stage of development. 
Days later, Ryeland starts walking on the dock going toward the Ladonean battlecruiser. He gazes at the Atlantean harbor, knowing he will not see his homeland for over a year. The General looks at the Central Trade Building, thinking how proud he is to be an Atlantean.
For a brief moment, Ryeland pauses as if in a daze. He hears someone running on the dock and is aware of his surroundings. Daygun runs up to him panting and says, “I came to say good luck and to congratulate you on becoming a grandmaster.”
Ryeland smiles and responds, “I think winning at the game put me in this position. I don’t want to leave Atlantis. Now, I’m wishing I had never won.”
Daygun says, “No matter the circumstance, I will miss you. It will be a long time before I see you again. I love you as a brother.”
Ryeland responds, “Your father has been there for me. You are family. One day we will look at this and smile.” They hug as brothers, walk away from each other, and do not look back. 
Later, Ryeland boards the Ladonean battlecruiser with his generals and advisors. Melercertis is aboard and welcomes him. As the ship sets sail, Ryeland gazes at the shores of Atlantis, realizing his life is about to change. The Ladonean officers will march with Ryeland’s division to the Ladonean capital. 
Persephone is promoted to major general, and sets out with three divisions to implement Aten’s wishes to occupy Mantineia and to reinforce the Valtearean Kingdom. Aten has seen Persephone’s leadership skills and that she has done well in other campaigns. Aten trusts the new major general to help guide the four divisions currently in Valtear to attack the Mantineian Empire. 
Mankind’s future is on the line. Daygun prays in a temple for his people. The Prince does not know what is coming, but he knows about honor and family. He obeys his father and stands down as the Atlantean Supreme Commander. Daygun wants to fight the Sabatheans, but knows that his time for combat will come. Ryeland and Persephone lead separate missions to accomplish one goal. Because of these two campaigns, there will be Atlantean husbands and wives who will never again see their families. Daygun knows there will be a new beginning for mankind, but many Atlanteans will not live to see the changes. The only thing the dead Atlanteans will see on the road to the afterlife is a vision of their emperor.

Chapter XII
A Different World – A Different Time

Two days into his journey, Ryeland stands at the rear of the Ladonean battlecruiser facing toward Atlantis, and wonders if the Atlantean Navy will one day fight this ship. As a warrior, Ryeland looks for any weaknesses the vessel may have. The warship’s main strength is its dense hull. Atlantean destroyers will have a very hard time penetrating the warships by ramming, because it will take a great deal of speed to break through its thick shell. However, the Atlantean destroyers are very fast, and speed is their main strength. Because of the dexterity of the Atlantean ships, their weakness is a thin hull. If an Atlantean destroyer were rammed by a Ladonean battlecruiser, it could almost cut the Atlantean destroyer in half. 
On the third day aboard the Ladonean ship, Melercertis is not speaking a great deal about implications of the alliance between the Atlantean and Ladonean alliance. The Ladonean Emperor is trying to win the affections of Ryeland and his council. The past three days have been nothing but feasting, drinking, and learning about each other’s culture. Melercertis and his sailors mainly speak the Ladonean language aboard ship. Only the Ladonean council and generals know the Atlantean language. Ryeland feels helpless as he starts this new adventure.
That night, Ryeland asks Melercertis to help him learn the Ladonean language. If Ryeland is to assist the Ladoneans, he must be able to speak their tongue. After dining, the two talk. With an almost-full moon behind them on deck, they discuss the Ladonean language and culture. 
Melercertis opens one of the conversations by saying, “Our way of life is very simple. Our empire is still in its infancy. We are one with the earth. As trees and plants die, each one is replanted, and we don’t kill more animals than we can eat. Everyone goes to an assembly each night to discuss the next day and what can be done to please our gods. If I may ask, why do the Atlanteans believe in one god? To me, there are too many elements in life for one god to control.” 
“You have a god for love?” Ryeland asks.
Melercertis says, “Yes, Ka-Taina; she is the mother of our people. If it weren’t for her, we wouldn’t be here. I can’t understand your god. How can one god assume the responsibility for the emotion of love, maintain the oceans, and keep the sun in the sky? I do not mean to disrespect your god or your culture, but the emotion of love is almost too much for even one of our gods to handle. We are different cultures. To be allies, we must understand one another. Do you agree?”
Ryeland scratches his head in puzzlement. He sips wine and tries to piece together Melercertis’ arguments. He then replies, “I do agree and realize that you may have questions. I will answer each to the best of my ability. The basic seems simple. Atlanteans think that there can only be one emperor on the peninsula, and he controls every aspect in the life of our empire. Only one god can exist because many deities would destroy each other until there was only one. If there wasn’t such a thing as our emperor, there would be too much confusion and greed. Therefore, only one god and only one emperor can exist.” 
Melercertis says, “So, Atlanteans think there can only be one emperor on earth?”
Ryeland responds quickly, “No… I only speak for Atlantis. Aten said there have to be different cultures and religions to improve mankind. He doesn’t want to destroy any civilization. In our belief, different cultures are here on earth for a reason. Man is different, and God is beyond our comprehension. We seek technology to please Him and to fulfill His vision for mankind. He made man with a mind. I’m sure that He expects us to use it. We want to make God’s world prosper for future generations. Forty years ago, we developed a device to view that which is too small to be seen by the human eye. A person can look through a lens into an infinitesimal new world full of tiny organisms. Our scientists believe those small organisms can enter a wound, take over the body, and destroy it. We have learned to eliminate those organisms. Technology is linked to our theology. God wants us to improve ourselves, and God helps us every day in our lives. My empire wants to help the rest of the world become a better place.” 
Melercertis glares at Ryeland and replies, “Atlanteans have found a way to play God.” 
Ryeland says with pride, “Our God shares our way of thinking. He wants us to use our minds to improve life and to better humanity.”
Melercertis says, “I understand, but many people fear the Atlantean technologies. People who are not from Atlantis don’t understand your mysticism. Man should not be able to control nature, but life should control itself.”
Ryeland says quickly, “Right now, we are riding over the water on a ship, created by man.”
Melercertis argues, “But there must be a limit to what man can do.” 
Ryeland says, “Tell that to the people who have never seen a ship before. Technology has its advantages.”
Melercertis fears he has lost the dispute. He replies curtly, “Many people on the continent are apprehensive that the Atlanteans will use technologies to destroy and usurp other civilizations.”
Ryeland asks, “Why is that? Because we use technology to produce more than we require and we give to different civilizations in need?”
Melercertis says, “The Atlanteans are farther ahead in technology than other kingdoms and empires. Eastern countries seek out the Ladonean Empire for protection. The fear of Atlantis is making Ladonea stronger. If you were a leader of a primitive culture, would you not do the same?”
Ryeland replies in a relaxed voice, “If we take a civilization that is in chaos, the people of the conquered land have the right to be independent again. We occupy only up to two years. A civilization can then become a state of Atlantis or return to its traditional standing, and we still give assistance to that kingdom or empire. We allot royalties to the nobles, and they govern themselves. Atlantis honors their heritage and way of life. We don’t destroy people’s tradition or ethnicity. On the other hand, your empire conquers and everyone has to emulate the Ladonean way of life. You are doing this with your Northern states and those people are rebelling.” 
Melercertis says with frustration, “It is not true.” He places his hand on Ryeland’s shoulder. “The countries we take are usually in turmoil. Tribes fight one another and never advance. The Ladonean Empire goes in and removes that tumult. If we didn’t do this, the civilization would destroy itself and squander their resources. In your history books, what kingdom or empire has been taken by Ladoneans that was not going through political chaos? Plus, Atlantis still takes a political system away for two years, and corrupts the civilization’s nobles into the Atlanteans’ way of thinking. Atlantis pays off the nobles of a conquered land, and the masses follow.”
Ryeland replies pointedly, “Our books say the Ladoneans take countries and destroy cultures. It doesn’t say much about the other civilization’s politics.”
Melercertis asks, “Who writes those books?” 
Ryeland replies quickly, “Our historians.”
Melercertis pauses and then says, “We have the same historians. Each civilization has differences, yes, but people are people. Mankind shares the same emotions. Propaganda from both sides of the border has made our civilizations wary of each other. We believe in different religions that are taught by our fathers and mothers. Religious leaders use fear to sway people toward their way in politics. Religion is a tool for people in power and influence. Often people don’t want to kill or destroy others, but misguided religion can kill millions. If outsiders look at our two religions, they will see that basically they are similar. If religious leaders say, `Kill in the name of God or gods, ´ it’s done. Radicals don’t blink an eye if they kill for their religion.”
Ryeland feels uncomfortable and replies, “Sir, you must please excuse me. I am tired. I have had too much wine. This conversation has almost become a debate. We both need to regroup our thoughts for the future of our military conquest. Wine, politics, and religion do not mix.”
Melercertis replies, “Thank you for talking with me. I too must retire. We will talk soon. We have little over a week before we dock. I hope you’re enjoying the voyage to a new world.”
Ryeland’s viewpoint of the world is a bit different after the discussion. The Atlantean General is true to the ways of the Atlanteans’ beliefs. He would never betray his empire because he is highly patriotic for his fatherland. He moved up in the ranks to become a grandmaster and is the son of the Masabaian King. Ryeland has earned respect from the Atlantean Empire; they heed his advice and guidance. 
Ryeland retires to his quarters aboard ship and tries to sleep. He thinks about previous battles, and what Melercertis said. The Atlantean General only wants simplicity in life. Even the way Ryeland fights is very basic: every move of an opponent’s sword has a countermove. He understands that people cannot learn the sword by studying a book. He wants an undistorted life, but knows all too well that it is an impossible task because Atlantis is not a simplistic empire.
Two days before the ship docks in the Ladonean capital, seagulls are flying as the sun clears the horizon. In the distance are dark clouds, indicating possible rain. Ryeland sits up and stretches his arms skyward. The Atlantean General prays to God then goes on deck. Melercertis is standing at the front of the ship, anticipating his arrival at home. The Ladonean Emperor has missed his family and empire. 
As Ryeland meets Melercertis at the ship’s bow, the breeze is very strong. The Atlantean General looks at the Ladonean Emperor, sensing that he has something pressing on his mind. Ryeland is curious about the land he is about to see. No one from the peninsula has seen the Ladonean Empire because of the treaty. Although Atlantean spies have seen almost everything in Melercertis’ empire, Ryeland is about to see it first-hand, openly. In the past, the Atlantean General had learned in schools to hate Melercertis, but now, Ryeland sees the Ladonean Emperor in a new light. Although they are from two different worlds, the cultural barrier seems to be adjusting. 
Looking at Melercertis, Ryeland asks, “What is going through your mind?”
Melercertis does not know what to say since he does not want to show any weakness. After a moment, Melercertis turns to Ryeland and says, “An emperor has a great deal on his mind all the time.” Melercertis turns and strides away from the Atlantean General.
“I can’t imagine,” Ryeland replies, and follows. 
Melercertis says, “It never stops. I fear what is going on back home. In life, everyone wants power. I have to resist my political counterparts. I know I will have to put them back into their places when I return. Because all the young politicians think they can handle an empire, I don’t have the luxury of wasting any time. I know exactly what Aten goes through every day. I have great respect for him. Because Atlantis has more stability than my empire, I can honestly say Aten seems to have it a little bit easier.”
“Aten has taken me in as a son and treats me as a father should. I am a very close friend with Daygun. Aten has picked up the slack as a father, since my father is too stern and close-minded. I listen to Aten’s guidance, and he is a good father to Daygun,” Ryeland replies.
Melercertis asks, “If I may ask, what is your relationship with your father?”
Ryeland distractedly looks at the seagulls and replies, “My father has too much on his mind to think of me. I am one son of one-million who live under his rule. Masaba is the third largest city of our empire. There is pressure in being a king. A son mustn’t look bad in the public’s eye. I have made mistakes, and I have learned from them. My father seems to be embarrassed by my errors. I think I am an outlet for his frustrations. I can never please my father. I can’t do enough. Just a week ago, my father said I should make my own mistakes and learn from them, and that I was already a man. When I make a wrong choice in life, I want my father’s guidance to help me understand why I took the wrong path. Daygun seems to get that guidance from his father.”
Melercertis also eyes the seagulls and says, “I understand. I wish my father was still alive to help me. I know I have made some mistakes here and there, but I know I wouldn’t have listened to him anyway. I do see your point, but I see your father’s as well. I would like to meet and talk with you and your council. I need to know what you require from my empire to make this transition easier. You and your generals will be in Ladonea for a while. Let’s gather after the midday feast. We only have one more day before we reach my capital.”
They smile at each other. Ryeland feels like he can relate to Melercertis and senses that he can trust him a little more. The emotional defenses between Melercertis and the Atlantean General have receded somewhat. Ryeland is ready to begin the campaign. The past days of sailing have felt like a vacation to him. Even though Ryeland has spoken to his council a little, his work has not yet begun. He needs direction from Melercertis. Ryeland has no idea what to think of the Ladonean Army; he does not yet know the strengths and weaknesses of those he is going to train. Due to insufficient reports from Atlantean intelligence, the Atlantean General does not know what lies ahead. 

Chapter XIII
Trust in the Unknown

During the midday feast aboard the Ladonean battlecruiser, Ryeland has no appetite. He can only think of what awaits him. Afterward, all military officers and advisors make their way to the ship’s formal military room.
Melercertis opens the meeting by saying, “Let me begin by thanking you. I have taken you from your lands to save lives for a new alliance between our two empires. The world as we know it will change for the better. I would like to share some of my thoughts, and want to hear yours in return. I hope that we can compromise. I am a good warrior, but nothing like the Atlanteans. Your battle tactics are far superior to ours. We have won many battles, but at a high cost. My countrymen and I need your assistance. Although I want to learn your battle methods, please realize that ours have also succeeded. My generals will not want to change. We have almost two-million warriors, separated in over eighty divisions ready for battle. I have conscripted every mammoth, giant rhino and elephant in our empire to aid in the joint effort. My empire must have the resources of Sabathea for our civilization to prosper. I need the Atlanteans’ support. Without it, we cannot win this war.” 
Ryeland asks, “Do you see any other problems with our alliance?” 
Melercertis says, “The only one I can see is the Kyrenian Empire’s involvement. Borealeous, the Kyrenian Emperor, has a strong military. He and I are in good standing. He will stand down in your campaign to take Mantineia. Because the Kyrenian Emperor does not agree with how Nextear has gained power, he thinks Atlantis is doing the world a favor by taking over Mantineia and reorganizing the troubled land. They have a corrupt military. However, we will not be able to help in your endeavor because of our troubled Northern states.”
Melercertis backs away, ceding the floor to the Atlantean General. Ryeland steps forward. The Ladonean Emperor is putting a great deal of confidence in the foreign leader. 
Standing erectly, Ryeland says, “Atlantis will be allies with the Ladoneans for generations to come. I will use my influence for the future of our two empires. Both civilizations need each other. We will help Ladonea become more efficient. If we combine our technologies, mankind will prosper in the decades to come. Atlanteans can learn from your way of life, and your people can learn from ours. I am proud to serve with you in this military campaign.” 
Melercertis stands from his chair and says, “When we arrive in Madera, you will see our accomplishments in war technology and what we have done for our people. Ryeland has benefited my understanding the Atlantean culture a little better… Now, to the matter at hand: we must take the Sabathean Empire. If we fail, we will be unable to feed our population. Yes, we might have traded with Sabathea, but since they will not use the land to their advantage for trade, it lies fallow. The Ladonean Empire is growing at a considerable rate, as is Atlantis. Sabatheans’ resources are the only way for us to avoid future suffering. In this quest, I wish for Ryeland to become Supreme Commander of my forces while Atlantis and Ladonea share this alliance. I want Aten to know that we trust him and his generals. Every Ladonean warrior is at your disposal.”
Ryeland stands and replies, “Thank you. I will take command to help your great army. When this is done, I will return to my homeland and make sure we remain allies.”
Melercertis announces, “This meeting is adjourned. There is nothing else to discuss until we return to Madera. Every warrior we can spare will be near the Ladonean capital next week. I have sent a hand-picked council to our help our alliance. I have enemies in my political circle, so I don’t trust government officials or anyone in it. There is too much greed in my political circles. If I should die, there will be no Ladonean Empire; the sovereignty cannot govern itself. Because of their own voracity, the politicians will rend the empire I helped create.” 
Melercertis excuses his council, and the meeting disperses. All leave the war room except Ryeland and Melercertis. The Ladonean Emperor asks the Atlantean General to stay.
Sincerely, Ryeland says, “I thank you for this opportunity. I will not disappoint Atlantis or Ladonea.”
Melercertis replies, “I believe in you, Ryeland. The feast at sunset will be very symbolic. We will all eat, looking toward Atlantis out of respect for your empire. I ask for your council to believe in me. I know it is hard to do so. In the art of diplomacy, both empires have acted like children for the last twenty-six years. We need to forgive the past and go forward for humanity.”
Ryeland cocks his head, smiles, and says, “I don’t trust you completely, but I do feel easier in your presence.”
Melercertis smiles at Ryeland and replies, “I am not surprised at your lack of trust. The silence between our two empires has caused too much wariness between both cultures. It will take decades to overcome our suspicions of one another. I expect religion to hamper our alliance in the future. On the Atlanteans’ side are religious extremists; we also have spiritual radicals. I respect your beliefs, but I know the majority of our people don’t. I ask you not to speak publicly about religion; you and I may discuss it, but please, only in private. When we reach Madera, it will be better to keep your beliefs to yourself. I’m providing you the best interpreter I have, my daughter. I need you to say nothing to your council of her identity. My daughter is the best thing in my life. I trust her. She is a good politician. I am asking you to help keep her safe from anything that might go wrong. She is family, and family comes first above everything else in my life. I’m going to trust you.”
Ryeland says, “You can trust me. I will be the bridge that connects our two empires. You have your politics, and I have mine. I will play by your rules in Madera.” 
Ryeland leaves the room. He has much to think about. He does not speak to his advisors, returning to his quarters. 
This night, Melercertis will be giving the finest feast of the voyage, asking all generals and council to dress their best and not bring their swords. The Ladonean Emperor has something planned for the Atlanteans. They will reach Madera late in the afternoon of the following day. 
Hours pass, and the feast is commencing. Melercertis’ servants are tending to all the Atlanteans’ needs. About fifteen minutes later, Ladonean advisors and generals arrive on deck simultaneously, none of them carrying a sword. Because Melercertis has not yet joined the feast, there is some tension. Ten minutes after the Ladonean officers and counselors are mingling with their guest aboard, Melercertis arrives quietly. All Ladoneans greet and salute the Emperor. Since Aten told his officers to respect the Eastern culture and customs, the Atlanteans do the same. Ryeland’s men are at Melercertis’ disposal and under his command.
The tables are on the rear of the ship, facing toward the horizon of Atlantis. 
Ryeland is dressed appropriately, as are all his generals and advisors. On an occasion such as this, they wear a silver-plated breastplate with a bull symbolizing their coat-of-arms. The rest of the attire is brown leather. Over the Atlanteans’ shoulders, long ceremonial red cloaks fly and snap in the wind. 
All Ladonean generals wear bronze and black leather with a black cloak. They also wear polished bronze breastplates engraved with a horse and elephant rampant toward each other. The riders of each beast hold swords as if they are ready to strike one another in battle.
The Ladoneans and Atlanteans eat as the sun continues to set, conversing little with one another. Melercertis decides to break the silence, “I consider the Atlanteans to be friends. For me, trust is never given. It is earned. Traditionally, your empire gives generals taxes from the lands they conquer. For the rest of your natural lives, you will reap the benefits of the Sabathean Empire. It is only right for me to give you what you deserve. All of you are considered nobles in my land. You will return to Atlantis after this campaign, yet not empty handed. I will give you lands in this new country that we are about to conquer. You will be lords of some of the lands on the east side of the Alber Mountains. The Ladonean divisions that helped take the Sabathean Empire will remain there to occupy the land and govern it for you. I will be the caretaker of the new state, but you will be richly rewarded. I cannot take this empire without Aten. The earning of trust is beginning.” 
Melercertis stands, raising his cup, and the Atlantean and Ladonean officers and military advisors do the same. The wind is increasing; red Atlantean and black Ladonean cloaks billow in the wind. There is a storm brewing in the distance. 
Ryeland looks at the dark clouds and says, “It seems you have control of the weather as well, Melercertis. You caused the wind to blow and made us all look heroic when you spoke.”
Both sides laugh at Ryeland’s joke. Conversation between the two empires becomes easier as the Atlanteans and Ladoneans converse about family life. The Atlantean General knows why Melercertis did not speak of the conquest so much at the beginning. Before talking of conquest, the Ladonean Emperor had to lessen tensions between the two empires. After feasting, the Atlanteans sleep with little fear. The voyage has helped bring the two sides together. 
The next morning, some of the Atlanteans’ advisors try to speak with Ryeland, but he answers their questions with short pointed replies. The Atlantean General feels pressure on his shoulders, and wishes he had his father to guide him in this adventure. However, even if Mantis were here, he would not give what Ryeland needs from a father. The King of Masaba has no personal relationship with his son, and treats him almost like a servant of the empire. On the other hand, Melercertis treats the Atlantean General more like a son. Ryeland is drawn to a land and culture that he knows little about. 
Eventually, everyone aboard ship looks upon their destination. As they near Madera, little traffic is coming in or out of the harbor. The few merchant ships are primitive compared to those in Ryeland’s home port. The ships’ sails are not as well crafted as the sails of the Atlantean Empire. As the Ladonean ship nears the docks, a crowd is gathering to meet Melercertis. Ryeland can tell that the Ladonean people love and respect their emperor as cheers echo throughout the harbor. The Atlantean General backs away from the bow of the ship so that Melercertis can stand there, allowing the crowd to see their returning leader. The Ladonean Emperor trembles with the anticipation of once again touching Ladonean soil. 
The battlecruiser finally ties up, and the Atlanteans see a massive ceremonial line of warriors. A mammoth with ceremonial attire is ready to carry their emperor throughout the city. Melercertis’ elite guards are waiting to escort him. He knows this is a good sign. Some of his own fears about his politicians are abated. 
Since it is customary for the Atlantean officers and advisors to be the last ones off a ship, Ryeland waits, but notices the Ladonean generals exit the ship first, as their tradition. The Atlantean General understands he has to learn all the customs of the Ladonean Empire to mold with their culture. From this day forward, Ryeland knows his life will never be the same.

Chapter XIV
The Beginning of the End

Ladonean children play around the docks in Madera, as do other children would throughout the world, ignorant of what is going on in politics and war. Adults are standing in the harbor, watching their emperor mount the ceremonial mammoth prepared for him. The animal has been well trained, kneeling when Melercertis moves toward the beast. The Ladonean Emperor climbs onto the animal, and everyone in the harbor cheers as the mammoth rises to his feet. 
Ryeland is last to exit the Ladonean battlecruiser, and the crowd cheers as he steps onto the dock. The cheering makes him feel welcomed, but does not dispel strangeness of the moment. Four months prior, the crowd would have tried to kill the Atlanteans had they sailed into the harbor. The emotion of the crowd is not what Ryeland expected. He walks purposefully to the nearest patch of ground and removes his shoes, showing he is embracing the soil of the Ladonean Empire.
Ladonean warriors line the street from the harbor, saluting the Atlanteans as they enter the city. Ryeland cannot shake off his emotional unease, but stands tall. He salutes the Ladonean warriors in their own tradition. Melercetis instructs Ryeland and his generals to mount the mammoths which are waiting for them at the end of the harbor street. The Atlanteans and Ladoneans will ride with each other to display their alliance.
The Atlanteans follow Melercertis’ orders to avoid confusion in mannerisms. The visitors are afraid of doing something that can be interpreted as indecorous. Melercertis is in his own element and the Atlanteans are on his turf.
The mammoths bearing the Ladonean Emperor, generals, and advisors parade though the seemingly endless streets of Madera. Melercertis sits erect and looks forward. He must appear strong before his people. The Ladonean Emperor is musing upon the state of his empire, feeling confident about his public, but wondering what is going on with his high officials.
Ryeland sizes up the warriors he will lead into battle and cannot see a single soldier lacking good discipline. Immediately, the Ladonean warriors salute Ryeland, their new Supreme Commander, in the Atlantean tradition. With this kind of obedience to their empire, he wonders why Melercertis needs Atlantis. The warriors in the city look strong and are uniformed in impeccable military protocol. Ryeland was not expecting to see an army like this. He anticipated an untrained army, unable to defeat the Sabatheans without suffering high casualties.
Ryeland gazes at the city of Madera, and admires the buildings made of brick. Other structures are made of wood with excellent craftsmanship. The Ladonean capital has lush forests outside its city, and the best craftsmen of the empire live in the capital. The buildings are less impressive than those in Atlantis, but Ryeland can tell the Ladonean engineers invested many man-hours building each structure with minute detail. Each edifice can stand for centuries, barring a natural disaster. The wood’s sealant is a special stain with a high-gloss finish. Atlantis does not have the chemical composition to make this kind of varnish. The Atlantean General muses that the Ladoneans have their own technological advantages. This was nothing he had imagined upon entering the city.
Atlantean spies did not reveal such details as those Ryeland is witnessing. They only reported the city was well-kept, and their buildings were not like the modern city of Atlantis. The Atlantean spies also reported how substandard the Ladoneans’ cities were in comparison to their own empire. The Atlantean General is not so sure, but he knows the Ladoneans could not have prospered without technology. 
Right now, Ryeland considers asking Aten for a preemptive strike against the Ladonean Empire after the Sabathean Campaign. He knows Ladonea will only grow stronger in the next decade, and the Eastern superpower will never be conquered if Atlantis does not do something quickly. Amid confusion following the Sabathean Campaign, Melercertis’ military will be thinly spread. An Atlantean spearhead through the Eastern Empire will ensure victory.
Ryeland’s main concern is to make his empire more powerful. His thoughts are constantly on conquest. Nevertheless, he trusts Melercertis as an individual. The Ladonean Emperor has accepted Ryeland into his circle, and the two of them have faith in this new alliance. On the other hand, the word `trust´ could be simply one more word; the Ladonean Empire could still be harboring hatred toward Atlantis from the Great War. 
After thirty minutes of riding the mammoths, the paraded caravan reaches the end of the road. Ryeland is entranced with what is transpiring in his life. By the end of the trip, he remembers only the cheering crowd and the disciplined Ladonean warriors.
Melercertis and the Atlanteans reach the gates of the Emperor’s palace. Inside, the Atlanteans see a building made of wood from the largest trees in the Ladonean Empire. Such a sight no Atlantean has seen until now. Aten’s spies have never penetrated this far because of the palace’s security. The citadel has four gates and four protective walls. The palace itself is sitting on thirty-two acres. Nearly five-hundred men protect the palace, each of whom has his own quarters. They are the elite warriors of the Ladonean military. The longer a Ladonean is a guard for the emperor, the more tokens he receives throughout a lifetime. If the warrior guards his emperor for ten years, he is rewarded well enough to have a family and not work for the rest his life. 
The Atlanteans and Ladoneans enter the palace garden. The guards salute every step the Atlanteans take toward the palace’s main entrance. Melercertis is still looking straight ahead. In the Ladonean culture, the emperor is treated almost as a god and cannot show emotion publicly. 
Inside the last wall, servants run to Melercertis. Ryeland can tell that the people that serve him have yearned for his return. The Ladonean Emperor talks to them one by one as he steps inside the palace. The façade of sternness he wore parading through the capital has softened. The Atlanteans feel they can relax somewhat. Even though Melercertis is an emperor, his leadership skills toward his servants are surprising because he treats them like family.
The Atlanteans and Ladoneans enter the main banquet hall of the palace, where the servants will present a feast. They have cooked their emperor’s favorite foods, as well as Atlantean cuisine, which consist of less spicy food than their new ally’s. Thousands of candles light the room. The hall is made of mud brick and is very cool for this time of year. Approximately thirty servants, many of whom are beautiful young women, wait hand and foot on their guests from the peninsula. 
The Ladonean Emperor seems embarrassed as he begins the meal with a toast, saying, “I had many volunteers serve you this afternoon. I hope you don’t mind. I told my council this kind of show would not be appropriate, but even an emperor has to do what the majority of the Senate suggests. After the discussion, I thought about it a bit more and I wanted to showcase the beauty of our land.” 
Ryeland is sitting down and says to Melercertis, “We thank you for your hospitality.”
Melercertis looks at Ryeland and replies directly, “I need your help, Ryeland.”
As Ryeland is served being by one lovely young lady, he says, “What you ask me will be done.” 
The Ladonean Emperor pauses for a moment, and says, “I fear that you will not want this assignment. Let’s just say I have a little concern with my men, and you are the only person who can solve my dilemma.”
Ryeland looks puzzled and replies, “If I am not mistaken, I am here for that.”
Melercertis says, “In my empire, I have good warriors. They believe they are capable of leading the attack against the Sabathean Empire without your assistance. At the same time, your warriors are feeling the same way. There is a childish contention between our two militaries. Each thinks their fighting skills are better than the others’. My warriors have trained for war all their lives, but they must learn to listen. I want you to spar against my best warrior to prove your standing. The only way they will respect and listen to you is if you beat them at their own game. I saw you fight in the stadium. You are good, as are my warriors. My best general Tito wants to face you, Ryeland. Tito is unbeaten in combat, and a feared fighter throughout my empire. If you beat him quickly, my generals will look to you as a leader.”
Ryeland drinks from his cup and says, “Give me a few days to regroup my thoughts and to get situated in my new environment. The third day, I will spar against your best warrior.”
Melercertis replies in relief, “I will inform Tito that he will have his chance. Following the fight, I will assemble my Military Council to finalize plans. I hope for the sake of our alliance that you win. I wish I could stage this, but Tito is an honorable man and my best fighter. I cannot dishonor his intentions.”
The next two days, Ryeland use his advisors and generals to prepare for the sparring match. The Atlantean General practices diligently the first day for eight hours, and the next day for another four. Later on the second day, he stands alone, imagining attacks and counterattacks. Ryeland remembers his match with the grandmaster at the sparring games, but knows how Atlanteans fight. He has no idea how the Ladoneans swordfight. 
The night before the match, Ryeland’s generals gather at his room in the palace. They know the future alliance rests squarely on their commander’s shoulders. Acteon is Ryeland’s highest-ranking general; twenty-seven years of age, tall, and athletically built. He has been under Ryeland’s command for three years.
Acteon asks, “How can Melercertis ask this of you?”
Ryeland responds, “He is testing me, wanting reassurance that I am the one for the task. Understanding I am out of my element, Melercertis must know if I can handle pressure of the unknown. These men are no different than we are. Atlanteans would have done the same thing if the situation were reversed. It’s like a pack of wolves that must fight until they have one leader. I have no choice.”
Acteon proudly says, “Let me fight Tito first. Then you can see how he fights.”
Ryeland stops Acteon and replies, “Melercertis said that Tito is an honorable man. I also must be one. If you fight first, that will give me the advantage. I don’t know how the Ladoneans fight, but maybe this is what Melercertis wants to see. He may want to judge how each empire’s warriors can fight man to man.”
Acteon pushes a little more and says, “Maybe Melercertis wants to see if you will go blindly into a battle. You and I both learned from military school that a fighter must know his opponent first before he can be conquered.”
Ryeland nods his head and says, “You are right. I will discuss what you have said with Melercertis.”
Acteon says, “If you take untried Ladonean warriors into battle, the casualties could be high because of your misjudgment. I think this is a test. Melercertis will respect you more if you make me fight first or make up new rules before you fight. Let’s say that the best Ladonean warriors fight our best warriors. There must be more Ladoneans who want to meet us on the sparring field. If you see how they use their swords, you will better comprehend how to fight Tito. This alliance comes down to your winning.”
Ryeland responds, “I agree with you. I will go to Melercertis and ask that his best warriors to come forward, then we will fight one on one. Hopefully, Tito and I will fight last.”
Ryeland hurries to Melercertis, requesting that the sparring match be conducted in accordance to Acteon’s advisement. The Ladonean Emperor is at the end of his day, and the last of his council has just left. Besides talking with the Atlanteans, Melercertis has been contending with the politics of his own empire. Because of a very taxing day, the Ladonean Emperor is tired and agrees to the new terms of the sparring match. After a brief discussion, the Atlantean General slips quietly from the Emperor’s chamber.

Chapter XV
The Opportunity of a Lifetime

Early morning, and the sparring match is about to begin. Thousands of spectators are ready to witness the games outside the palace gates. The eight best Ladonean warriors are prepared to fight the eight best Atlantean generals and captains. 
Tito and Ryeland both fight the first round against other combatants, whom they quickly defeat. The Atlanteans place their weakest fighter against Tito. During the second round, the fighting becomes tougher. The spectators are enjoying the games, and see that both sides have lost two men. The sparring continues until only four men remain. 
Ryeland’s next competitor is Kryless, second in command of the Ladonean Empire. Both face each other, bow, and immediately the swords begin flying in the hands of the combatants. They spar for several minutes before the Atlantean General finds a weakness and almost pins down his opponent. Both fighters are out of breath. The Ladonean spectators become silent. Ryeland knows he is earning the respect of the soldiers and civilians. Sparring at this altitude is exhausting the fighters. Ryeland saves his energy and takes advantage of Kryless’ fatigue, finding another weakness and striking his opponent to the ground. The Atlantean general wins the match.
It is time for Acteon to fight Tito. Thinking back through all the sparring and fighting he has done in his lifetime, Acteon is not afraid to fight the Ladonean general. 
Tito and Acteon face each other and bow. The crowd goes wild. Seconds into the match, Tito knocks Acteon to the ground with a harsh blow. Acteon stands up, undiscouraged, attacking with his own sword. After thirty seconds of blows and counterblows, Tito goes on the offensive. For several minutes, the swords beat against each other. Acteon starts tiring and does not have a clear mind. Tito defeats the Atlantean competitor with one easy move. 
After the fight, Acteon tells Ryeland of his encounter with the best fighter of the Ladonean Empire, helping the Atlantean General understand the way he fights. His offensive moves are much different, but Ryeland is hoping he can adjust to win the match.
The pride of both empires centers on Tito and Ryeland in the final competition. The Atlantean General enters this bout with a clear head. Ryeland and Tito stares at one another for almost a minute before beginning aggressive moves. Neither wants to strike first. 
Ryeland chooses to take the first charge. After a quick offensive move, the Atlantean General purposefully goes on the defensive so that Tito will tire. The Ladonean warrior has strength, but it’s of no comparison to Ryeland’s. Tito’s strength is his ability to block any move without giving way, and his sword blows are constant. The Atlantean General has no idea when Tito will become fatigued. Ryeland’s adversary shows absolutely no sign of breathing heavily. The Atlantean General is showing signs of exhaustion, on which Tito capitalizes. With both sides trading blows, Ryeland remembers the time when Daygun fought and lost to the grandmaster; he decides to use the same tactic used by the grandmaster that defeated the Atlantean Prince. Ryeland turns so that Tito’s eyes are facing the sun, and continues to counter every blow. The tactic starts to have an effect. Tito becomes confused about what to do next. The Atlantean General takes full advantage and pins Tito to the ground. The audience falls silent. A simple move won the sparring match for the Atlanteans. Their best fighter has been defeated.
Following his victory, Ryeland’s pride soars, and his confidence is high. He just beat the best warrior in the Ladonean Empire, but also has a new respect for the foreign military. He had always wondered how the Ladoneans would muster in hand-to-hand combat. 
With their numbers and discipline, the Ladoneans could conquer the Atlantean Empire despite the Great Atlanteans’ East and West Wall defenses. After the match, Ryeland and Tito see Melercertis proceeding toward the sparring grounds. Both combatants congratulate each other. The Atlantean General shakes Tito’s hand and salutes him in the Ladonean tradition. Ryeland does this to show respect and that there is no barrier between them.
Ryeland says, “You are the best I’ve ever fought. Your sword skills are unbelievable. You would give our grandmasters a run.”
Tito looks at the Atlantean General with enthusiasm and says, “I have great respect for you. That was the best rush of my life, thank you.”
Ryeland laughs and replies, “There was a lot of luck involved.”
Tito says respectively, “My father fought in the Great War and I grew up hating the Atlanteans. I was skeptical about this alliance. I have helped make the Ladonean Army great. You will make it better. I am at your command. My loyalty is to Melercertis and you. There is a gathering tonight with my generals. They will come from all over our empire. I will introduce you as the Supreme Commander of Ladonea. We have ten months together to prepare for this campaign when we will fight as one. You will be in command on the battlefield against the Sabathean Empire. Your army will arrive in three days. Our scouts say they are making good time. Two divisions, the elite of my soldiers, are escorting them through our realm. With my colors accompanying them, they will meet no threat.” 
Ryeland says gratefully, “Thank you. My men are important to me. I know our civilizations haven’t always agreed. It concerns me that a Ladonean faction could ambush my warriors. They can take care of themselves, but a war between our two empires might easily begin.” 
Tito replies, “We do have some factions, but they aren’t strong enough to fight against your elite division. That would not be in the best interest of any Ladonean group. Melercertis and I have complete control of the empire.”
Ryeland says, “I have confidence in our alliance.”
Melercertis arrives and salutes Ryeland in the Atlantean fashion. Ryeland acknowledges with a Ladonean salute. The Atlantean General feels like a hero. 
The rest of the day, Tito and Ryeland discuss the Ladonean Army. They talk of the weaknesses and strengths. Tito tells Ryeland that Palexus, Melercertis’ daughter, will be at the gathering. Like any man, Ryeland wonders what she looks like. At the same time, he knows he has a mission to accomplish.

Chapter XVI
A Secret in the Ladonean Empire

After the sparring match, people in Ladonea begin assembling for family gatherings. Each family dines and converses among themselves about the day. This is a custom throughout the eastern part of the Alber Mountains. After eating, everyone gathers as a community to discuss improving the empire. These meetings help the Ladonean people bond and strive harder. Occasionally in a community gathering, an idea is discussed which changes the thinking of millions.
After dinner, the Atlanteans’ and Ladoneans’ elite military personnel move forward into Madera’s Military Grand Hall. The building, more distinguished in scale than the Atlanteans’, is constructed of wood and brick. Its ceilings are twenty feet high, with chandeliers holding candles for light. All the Ladonean advisors and generals are dressed in their finest. Ryeland feels at home, except for the language barrier. Within the massive building, about half of the Ladonean generals have a good grasp of the Atlantean language. Ryeland is a little concerned about how his gestures will be received. Although the Atlantean General has beaten Tito in sparring, he has not won approval from the Ladonean masses. Ryeland enters the political realm with uncertainty. In the midst of conversation with the military, he is invited to give a speech. Tito introduces Ryeland as the Supreme Commander of the Ladonean Empire. Everyone’s eyes are on the Atlantean General.
Ryeland says, “I have been sent here from the Atlantean Emperor. The Great War humbled my empire. Our two empires needed twenty-six years to heal from the terrible bloodshed. I am here to help with the transitioning from being enemies to becoming friends. Your culture is not much different than my homeland. Your children are playing just like the children in Atlantis. I see a culture full of future, dedicated to family values, and wanting your grandchildren to not face the same hardships as you do. Melercertis is an excellent leader and I see him as a friend. Your emperor has helped me see you as people who are motivated to improve mankind. Training the Ladonean Army will be an honor.”
Everyone claps for their new Supreme Commander. Despite tension between the two empires, everyone in the room knows that his remarks were heartfelt. Ryeland leaves the spotlight, returning to the table where he and the Ladonean generals begin discussing the training process to be completed within the next nine months. Ryeland tells the Ladonean generals that his officers will have a large role in reorganizing. 
When Ryeland, Tito, Kryless, and top Ladonean advisors sit down, a beautiful woman walks in wearing a blue dress. Because all the servants are dressed in white, the Atlantean General knows she is not a servant. The woman in blue is conspicuous in the room. The servants come to her before anyone else.
Ryeland leans toward Tito and asks, “Who is that beauteous woman? She was not here earlier.”
Tito chooses his words carefully, “She is your assistant. The servants and generals will not reveal her identity. I know Melercertis told you that she is his daughter. She can never be revealed to any Ladonean outside these walls, or to your people. Any person telling her true self will be put to death. Very few are aware of her existence. She is known only as an advisor and translator. I hope you understand.” 
Ryeland replies, “I gave Melercertis my word.”
Tito says, “She will be by your side every day until we start the Sabathean Campaign.”
Ryeland replies, “I am honored of this trust.”
Ryeland reflects on his past. He has never seen such an exquisite woman in Atlantis. Palexus’ hair is charcoal black, standing five feet eleven. For some reason, Ryeland cannot understand his attraction to her dark olive skin and freckled cheeks; he believes that God must have used the sun to kiss her cheeks a hundred times. He glances at Palexus, and her eyes meet his several times during the gathering. The Atlantean General does not know how to approach the vision in blue, and wishes his emotions would subside. He wants to meet her, but keeps his distance. Ryeland tries to distract himself by beginning conversations with the Ladonean generals concerning resources for the Sabathean Campaign.
Acteon recognizes something different about his commander. He has never seen Ryeland act this way. The Atlantean General is behaving like a schoolboy with his first crush and Acteon fears it will be seen as a weakness. He quickly pulls Ryeland aside to inquire about his actions.
Glancing first at the young lady, then at his commander, Acteon says, “Sir, I can see the Ladonean Empire has its attributes.”
Ryeland admires Palexus across the room and replies, “Yes, it does. I have never seen such beauty, but I don’t know why since I am usually attracted to blond hair and blue eyes. I’m only distracted mildly, and I do know my mission.”
Acteon asks, “Who is she?”
Ryeland responds, “She is going to be my Ladonean interpreter. The lady in blue is one of Melercertis’ advisors from their Northern states.”
With a concerned voice Acteon says, “I know there isn’t a chance of anything happening, but remember the law of our land. We can only marry inside our empire. Even though we are here, we must not get too emotionally close to these people or their culture, for we may have to fight them one day. Ryeland, you are the leader of the Atlantean Army here, and now the Supreme Commander of this united effort. These people look to you for guidance. If they see you pursuing a young Ladonean lady, their respect for you will be destroyed.”
Ryeland responds, “You know these feelings usually fade pretty quickly. She is a Ladonean. Her beliefs are totally different from ours. I know it could never happen, even if I had such an idea.”
Acteon says jokingly, “If that is so, try not to stare at her like you are a thirteen-year-old boy. It makes you look weak.”
They both laugh about their awkward conversation. Ryeland knows Acteon is right. The Atlantean General returns to the gathering. He dares not look at Palexus again, but from the corner of his eye, he notices that she is still staring at him. Ryeland makes sure to avoid further eye contact with the Ladonean Emperor’s daughter. 
In the middle of arbitration, Tito spreads a map over the table, and the general’s lapse into silence. Tito says, “Melercertis will be joining us in a few minutes. He has had joint sessions with his council and our nobles.” 
Acteon is at the table, reviewing the map. Ryeland is glad Acteon is there with him. Other advisors from both sides are discussing preparations for war. The Atlantean advisors are discussing food, supplies, logistics, and weather in the region which would benefit the campaign. Each of the Atlantean advisors has an interpreter and they alternate, translating and deciphering what is said in the gathering. 
Several minutes pass, and Melercertis walks to the table with Palexus by his side. Ryeland does a double take and tries to focus on the matter at hand. He stands to his feet at attention as the Ladonean Emperor nears. Acteon does the same, and both men salute the Ladonean Emperor in Eastern military fashion. 
Melercertis takes his daughter toward Ryeland, and the Atlantean General almost starts to blush. Melercertis says, “I would like to introduce you to your aide, Ryeland. This is Palexus.”
Ryeland takes Palexus’ hand in a gentlemanly manner and replies, “I have heard only good things about you. Melercertis is very proud of your accomplishments.” Ryeland and Palexus stare at one another, and then quickly turn away. 
Melercertis transitions his demeanor into a protective father’s tone, and says, “I want the two of you to become acquainted with one another. There is much to do within the next several days, and it is important that you spend time together to better yourselves as a team. Go see the lights of the city. You will have a personal armed guard for safety. Acteon, I want you to come to my chambers in an hour, so that I may introduce you to your aide. She is excellent in the arts of war, and knows your language. This night may be long for both of you gentlemen, but it is of utmost importance.”
Acteon looks at Melercertis and asks, “May I ask her name?”
Melercertis says, “Her name is Carissa. I have found that our women are quicker than our men to learn the Atlantean language.”
Acteon replies, “I will be there tonight after the gathering. Thank you, Sir.”
Melercertis stands on a table and yells into the crowded room, “Let us all retire for the evening. I don’t want this war to become an obsession. We have less than ten months to prepare. My troops will arrive in Madera tomorrow, and the Atlantean division will come the day after. We meet here on the morrow, mid-day.”
As everyone leaves the Ladonean military council room, Acteon tells Ryeland he would like to freshen up before meeting his new aide. Ryeland gives him permission to do so. Palexus and Ryeland cannot stop eying at one another. Before Acteon departs, he says quietly to the Atlantean General, “Stay focused, Sir.” 
Ryeland replies, “You do the same.” 
Ryeland escorts Palexus outside as Acteon goes to his quarters. The Atlantean General is unsure of what to say to this new aide. The two leave the military council room in silence, and walk closely side by side. Palexus suggests going toward the marketplace in the middle of the capital. Ryeland has no objection. The two decide to walk rather than ride horses or giant elk. The saunter takes them forty-five minutes.
Late at night, Madera’s marketplace is still alive. Trade in the Ladonean capital occurs twenty-four hours a day. The city has numerous people along the streets, and laughter can be heard from open windows as Ryeland and Palexus stroll by. The majority of population in Madera is young. All the luxuries of the Ladonean capital are here, including taverns and food establishments. In the middle of the walk, Palexus stops Ryeland, and asks, “Are you hungry?”
Ryeland replies, “A little. What is there to eat?”
Palexus answers, “Nothing you are accustomed to, but our food is better. This isn’t the ship or my father’s palace. There my father makes sure you eat as you do in Atlantis.”
Palexus takes the Atlantean General into a restaurant, while the armed escort stays outside. The couple sits, not knowing what to say to each another. People inside the tavern can see that the two are different from typical patrons of the establishment. Ryeland is wearing his Atlantean military attire, and no one gives him a negative gesture. The couple sits where they can talk privately. 
Ryeland speaks first, saying, “I know I haven’t said much. I don’t want to be rude, but I don’t know where to start.”
Palexus chuckles and says, “I don’t either. I always wondered what it would be like to talk to a Grandmaster. I have been schooled in the arts of war. Based on what I have learned, grandmasters are legends in your society and my empire. We have heard many stories about them from our two borders.”
Ryeland says shamefully, “My family is royalty, but I am just a man. I am no different than anyone here. I have a question for you: How can you walk down the streets without anyone knowing who you are?”
Palexus responds, “For several reasons: First, I am wearing a blue dress, which is typically worn only by middle-class women in my culture; also, I have been in our Northern states taking care of my father’s affairs, and haven’t been in Madera since I was a young teenager. While away, I had time to learn war, languages, and politics. Upon returning for the first time in twelve years, very few people know my identity. This is for my protection. I can speak to the senators in masses at the palace, but they can’t talk to me anywhere else. My father asks my advice about politics because I haven’t been corrupted by our Senate. He wants me to be emperor, but in our society that is impossible. For the last twenty years, women have been seen as second-class citizens. My father is trying to change the old traditions, but many Ladoneans are still accustomed to the ancient ways. We have reached a turning point in our civilization and, as with any major change, there is resistance. Because I am not corrupted, I helped expedite the summit between our two empires. My father would never have thought to go to Atlantis for help.”
Ryeland says, “I can see similarities in your people and mine. Politics seem to be basically the same worldwide.” 
After eating, they continue talking and inquiring about each other’s culture. They spend hours together. The conversation flows easily, as if they have known each other since childhood. Ryeland asks if he can see her again other than in the Ladonean Military Grand Hall, and she agrees. 
Early the next day, horns blow throughout the Ladonean capital. Palexus informs Ryeland that his division has arrived early. Ryeland’s warriors did not stop to camp the night before, marching for thirty-six straight hours to be reunited with their general. 
Ryeland and Palexus rush to the palace. The Atlantean General has missed his men, and asks Melercertis for permission to see his division. The Ladonean Emperor tells him they are marching to the military outpost; they will be stationed there until the Sabathean Campaign has begun. Melercertis tells Ryeland that he will meet at the outpost after they are situated. The Atlantean General and Palexus mount two giant elk, and rush to the military outpost west of Madera. Ryeland speaks little to Palexus en route to his men. 
The Ladonean people have been very good to their new Supreme Commander, but he has almost forgotten about his homeland. The Ladonean accent is difficult to understand when they speak his language. He has been too busy to think of home, until now. Ryeland can hardly wait to have a conversation sans elucidation.
Palexus and Ryeland finally reach the grounds. The Atlantean General understands war and he knows his men. He has a mission, and he wants it to be finished. He recalls the food and the entertainment of his homeland, and realizes how much he misses the comforts of Atlantis. 
Melercertis has built a crude military outpost for the Atlanteans. As he rides through the gate of the military grounds, Ryland’s salute is returned by his men. The Atlantean General’s division has sorely missed their commander. Ryeland’s division has the utmost respect for him, even to the point of laying down their lives on his behalf. 
Ryeland and Palexus dismount their giant elk, and the Atlantean General walks toward Miro, Ryeland’s captain. Palexus, aware of military protocol, stands back, waiting. The Atlantean captain stands at attention until Ryeland signals him to stand down. The entire Atlantean division cheers for their commander. Ryeland asks Palexus to come meet his captains, and properly introduces her as his interpreter and advisor. The Atlantean General is keeping his word to Melercertis and will not break the trust given to him. 

Chapter XVII
The Wounded Warrior

Inside the Atlantean outpost, Ryeland is assisting his men adjust to their accommodations. When a messenger informs him Melercertis is coming toward the military compound, the Atlantean General prepares his men for inspection. Aten gave specific orders to treat Melercertis as they would their Atlantean Emperor. The inspection may not be according to Ladonean military protocol, but Ryeland performs the routine anyway. 
After Melercertis and his escort ride into the newly-constructed Atlantean complex, he dismounts and strides to Ryeland. The Atlantean General introduces Miro, his highest-ranking captain, to the Ladonean Emperor. Miro salutes Melercertis in the Atlantean fashion. All of the Atlanteans stand at attention in columns before the Ladonean Emperor. 
As Melercertis looks at Miro, he jokingly says to Ryeland, “He is a very devoted Atlantean isn’t he? I can say one thing about him: he has discipline.”
Ryeland walks with the Ladonean Emperor and replies, “Miro is my best captain. He risked his own life to save mine. In battle, my battalion was in serious trouble, yet Miro fought against all odds and stabilized the battlefield. I owe him everything.”
Melercertis says, “Well, your captains are here. I will be at the gathering tonight and would like to meet some of Atlantis’ best officers. I want to know how to integrate the Ladoneans and Atlanteans to fight as a team. I have some suggestions.”
That night, Melercertis is at the Military Grand Hall to help merge the two armies. Beforehand, the Ladonean Emperor let his generals and advisors share their opinions, and many ideas where shared. The whole room brainstorms ways to defeat the Sabathean Empire. Dozens of interpreters are present to alleviate the language barrier. Palexus is very helpful to Ryeland. She is good at filtering through what is and is not important. 
Melercertis finally stands atop a side table and says, “I have heard different ideas, and I am leaning toward those presented by Ryeland and Acteon. We have eighty military divisions for the Sabathean Campaign, some of which are at the borders of my empire. Sixty divisions are within three-hundred miles of Madera. I will use other cities to feed my warriors since it will be too taxing to hold two-million men inside the capital. I suggest the Atlantean division split eighty ways. This will allow three-hundred of the finest Atlantean warriors to train each and every division. I also suggest that some Atlantean officers and high-ranking warriors remain here to train my generals. We have less than nine months to fully prepare our alliance. We will attack Sabathea on the longest day of the year.” 
Most of the high-ranking Atlanteans remain in Madera for two days. Acteon makes necessary preparations with the Ladonean generals and sends Atlantean warriors to train. Some of them are assigned to the far reaches of the Ladonean Empire, so they will take weeks to reach their destination. A small percentage of Atlanteans yearn for their homes and wish they were not in Ladonea. Nevertheless, most dream of the day when they will be able to tell their grandchildren stories of the journey to the Eastern Empire, and the difference they made to the known world.
Two months pass, with the Atlantean warriors are being treated well. Most of the military reports are showing good progress in training. Some Ladonean factions still view the Atlanteans as their enemy, although others treat the men as heroes 
In the city, the Ladonean women giggle like teenagers when the visiting warriors cross their paths. The Atlanteans are taller and in excellent physical shape due to their rigorous training. Their attire also helps stand out among the Ladonean masses. The Atlantean silver-plated breastplates and red cloaks are more vibrant than the Ladonean people are accustomed to seeing. Because the Atlanteans cannot speak the Ladonean language well, they are clouded with mystery. Ryeland’s division can see and understand their surroundings, but the language barrier is keeping them from comprehending the entire picture of the Ladonean world.
During the third month in Madera, Ryeland is sparring with some Ladonean warriors, with Palexus at his side to observe. The Atlantean General decides to push the envelope, and puts himself in the middle of Ladonean warriors who then encircle him. Ryeland is trying to display his skills. The Ladoneans attack him with their swords. Although they are sparring, the weapons are real. The Atlantean General blocks every sword on the first wave of attacks. On the second wave, Ryeland blocks a sword and counters toward one of his opponents. In doing so, he thrusts forward and another Ladonean sword catches him in the armpit, which is unprotected by armor. The Ladonean warrior pulls back quickly, but the sword slices Ryeland, and he starts to bleed badly. The Atlantean General stands erect and stumbles toward his giant elk. Palexus runs to help. Melercetis’ daughter is helping him into the saddle; her hand touches the wound, and it is soon covered in blood. Palexus almost panics, but continues assisting the wounded warrior. She then mounts her horse and guides Ryeland to the nearest Ladonean treatment center. 
En route, Ryeland tries to sit up straight, but goes into shock. He becomes very dehydrated, and is barely able to stay awake; he just wants to rest. Palexus tells him to stop. She dismounts her horse and climbs into the saddle behind Ryeland to hasten their journey to a physician. Upon their arrival, Palexus has difficulty removing the wounded general from his elk; he almost falls to the ground, and cannot stand unaided. Because the wound is so fresh, Ryeland is not yet in extreme pain. He tries to walk into the treatment center, but stumbles and cannot proceed no further. Palexus finds a physician, and the doctor puts him on the first available table. He lies there uncomfortably; the pain is starting to hit. Palexus asks a servant to alert Melercertis. Ryeland meets Palexus’ eyes and shakes his head no. He then grabs her blood-covered hand and says, “Don’t bother the Emperor because of this. I’ll be fine in a few days.”
Palexus replies, “Melercertis highly respects your work and you are the most important man in our empire right now. My father needs to know so that he can explain the accident to our people.” 
The servant runs to the palace. Within the hour, the physician is sewing the last stitch in the wound. The Ladonean Emperor rushes to Ryeland to see what he can do. Standing there looking at the wounded warrior, he asks, “How are you? How badly are you injured?”
Ryeland replies, “The sword blow cut some bone and a couple of veins. I am going to be fine, but I will be sore for a week. At the gathering tonight, I will be able to hide my injury from advisors of both sides.”
Melercertis says, “I do not think it is a good idea for you to attend tonight. My generals see you as unbeatable. If they hear about this, that invincibility is gone. Your Ladonean sparring partners have been instructed to say nothing about the accident, and have been sent on far away missions where they will not jeopardize our campaign here. You must rest for several days. I will cover for you at the gatherings.” 
Ryeland notices that Melercertis is genuinely concerned about his health and wonders if his own father would be so caring. The Atlantean General feels more love from Melercertis than from his own father. 
The next several days inside the treatment center, Palexus and Ryeland discuss life and personal matters. They have no choice but to remain indoors, for the Atlantean General cannot be seen publicly. Palexus will not leave Ryeland’s side. He feels really good about her, and wishes she were pure Atlantean. He knows he cannot marry her without betraying his own empire, but thinks she would make a good wife. Ryeland will not betray his beliefs. He stubbornly rebuffs the idea of courting Palexus, yet has strong emotions about her. It is very apparent that she feels likewise for him. 
In the following weeks, it becomes obvious to Melercertis that Palexus is in love with Ryeland. This is a huge concern for him since like most fathers; he is protective of his daughter. The Ladonean Emperor knows that Ryeland is an honorable man. Melercertis is concerned Palexus will get hurt emotionally, but puts his feelings aside because of the upcoming Sabathean Campaign.
Six months into training in Madera, Ryeland is speaking the Ladonean language better and starts understanding the culture. He can understand what is being said at the gatherings. Ryeland starts teaching Palexus the written language of the Atlanteans. Although it’s unnecessary, they make excuses to see each other. 
The military gatherings are successfully strengthening Melercertis’ army. The Eastern Army is learning tactics they did not know before. The Ladoneans have built an overwhelming force. With heavy cavalry as their greatest strength, Ryeland focuses on their other attributes. The Ladonean military has more elephants and mammoths than the Atlanteans. The Sabatheans will be unable to stop Atlantis and Ladonea on two fronts. 
Six months in the Eastern Empire, Ryeland and Acteon go to the marketplace for a change of scenery. They walk and talk. Acteon stops Ryeland in the middle of a street and says, “I am feeling awkward about Carissa. I’m starting have feelings for her. She’s a beautiful woman, but she’s not Atlantean. I start to see the Ladonean people as our equals. Before I came here, I was very prejudiced toward the East, but they are not like our childhood instructors taught us. Their technology is not like ours, but their lives are similar. I will miss this place after we return to our fatherland.”
Ryeland replies, “As you may already have guessed, I am feeling the same way about Palexus, and am perplexed. I have never had feelings like this toward anyone. Melercertis acts like a father to me. I think differently than I did six months ago. When first stepping off the Ladonean ship, I wanted to go back to Atlantis; now I am very content here. Their ways with nature and how they view things have opened my eyes to a different world. It’s not just Atlantis or Ladonea, but humanity in general. I see humanity in a different prospective. It is not empire-to-empire or culture-to-culture. It is man-to-man.”
At the gatherings, the Ladonean generals speak to Ryeland as their leader. The Atlantean General is beginning to take pride in what he is creating with the Ladonean military, and cannot wait to fight alongside Melercertis’ warriors against the Sabathean Empire. 

Chapter XVIII
War between the Gods

During the ninth month inside the Ladonean Empire and less than two months from invading Sabathea, Melercertis rushes to Ryeland’s chambers. It is two hours before midnight and Ryeland had just finished his bath. He is clothed, dressed for bed. Melercertis enters the doorway and catches the Atlantean General off-guard. Ryeland does not flinch as he stares at Melercertis, knowing that this is not going to be an easy conversation. 
Ryeland asks, “What can I do for you, my Lord?”
Melercertis pauses briefly before saying, “You and I must discuss a few things. In our culture, the Eastern world cannot see a woman being strong enough to rule an empire. Palexus is fierce enough to be the first, but another half century must pass before our culture will accept the idea. I am getting old and my health is failing. I don’t feel bad, but my physicians say I may only live another five years. No one knows of this except you and my physicians. I have little control of my body. My hands shake by themselves. I have to hold onto something to prevent their shaking in public. The ailment cannot be cured and will only progress. I need someone strong to take my place. Most of my generals are domineering enough, but don’t know how to play politics necessary to hold an empire together. I have watched you become a great leader to my people. You have a good military mind, and you’re strong enough to challenge my Senate. You have what it takes to replace me upon my death. I don’t expect you to take care of my daughter, unless you love her; if you do, take her hand.” 
Ryeland cannot believe the offer. After a moment, he responds, “I feel very important in your empire, as I am making a positive difference. Everything I have learned in my life brought me to this point. I am in love with your daughter; I feel like you’re a father to me, but my religion is different than that of the Ladonean culture. If I take your place, everyone will say my politics are done in the name of my God, and not for your gods. I will not surrender to any other theology.”
Melercertis says, “I understand what you’re saying. If you marry my daughter, we can stage your conversion to our religion to become a Ladonean.” 
Ryeland responds, “You see me as an honorable man. A mendacious act of religion is iniquitous. How could you ask me to lie?” 
Melercertis says, “We have another problem… You know the Atlanteans are preparing to begin a war with Mantineia a month before our Sabathean Campaign. Borealeous, the Kyrenian Emperor, has learned from his spies about Atlantis’ conquest. Nextear has almost taken control of Mantineia, and his military is growing stronger. The two are forming a pact to destroy Atlantis.” 
Ryeland says, “From our intelligence reports, the Mantineian armies are scattered. Aten is not expecting to fight the whole empire. Persephone and Laptos are preparing to attack Nextear’s forces of seven-hundred-fifty-thousand. They are only expecting to fight one army at a time. Our military stationed in Valtear does not have the manpower to take on Mantineians’ full military strength at once or another empire.”
Melercertis responds, “On the continent twenty-seven years ago, the Great War showed the Atlanteans to be a threat to humanity. We are allies with Kyrenia. I will have no choice but to back them. Their empire and ours are very close culturally. Kyrenia is also speaking with Sabathea to form an agreement to completely destroy your empire. This is becoming a chain reaction of hate toward your empire. Your empire has made too many enemies. Mantineia is trying to turn this into a Holy War, and they’re succeeding. Because your men are not safe here anymore, they must return to Atlantis. If I can’t resolve this with Kyrenia, I will have to do the unthinkable. Because we believe in the same religion as Kyrenia and Mantineia, our people will want to follow those empires. I can’t go against our gods, even though this has nothing to do with religion. Your division is honorable and should be able to fight for your land. I want each of them to die a soldier’s death. I will honor them as they have honored me. The war is becoming a war between the choices of gods. Atlantis can’t win. I am trapped. If I fight with your empire and we lose, my empire will be destroyed as well. If Kyrenia, Sabathea, and Mantineia unite after conquering your civilization, the empires will be in position to effortlessly finish my empire. Should I decide to remain neutral and not fight, it will make us look weak and others will try to take my land. My Northern states are still fragile. I can’t win against all three empires, even with Atlantis.” 
Ryeland responds, “You asked me those questions about Palexus to see where I stand. We are allies now. Our two empires know how to fight with one another. Our two civilizations can take on anything that can come against us.” 
Melercertis says, “All three empires combined have close to eight-million warriors against five-million if Aten and I came together. Our land is vast and we border all three empires. My armies will be destroyed one by one. If Ladonea fails to unite together with the three other empires, we will be known as a traitor to our own gods… I will convince Borealeous to delay the inevitable. I want your men to leave before anything occurs. Humanity is about to change, but not the way Aten and I prefer. I wanted to make peace with Atlantis. I think both civilizations could have benefited had we come together. Man is not ready for Atlantis. I’m coming to you honorably and I am expecting you to do the same. I need you here to help me care for my empire, but there is a possibility our alliance may not happen. I am telling you this because I respect you.”
Ryeland replies, “I don’t understand. Do you want me to fight against my own people? It doesn’t make sense. I cannot.”
Melercertis replies, “All is over for Atlantis, Ryeland; your empire will be destroyed. I have my gods to answer to and will not go against my own religion. Even though I don’t think this is a Holy War, it will be fought as such. I am giving you a choice. You can leave with your men to die honorably. I will delay this action against your empire so your division will be able to depart. The Kyrenian Empire will not strike until I talk with them. They have not yet declared war on Atlantis. Only a handful of people on the continent know about this idea. Please convey to Aten that I do respect him, but I may not have a choice. Six divisions will safely escort your men to the peninsula. You have my word that no harm will come to you and your men.” 
Ryeland asks, “And if I stay?”
Melercertis replies, “You will be known as the prince and an heir to my thrown. If we must go against Atlantis, you will lead my men to battle. You must marry my daughter, or my men will not believe in you. To my generals, you are either an Atlantean or a Ladonean. If you marry my daughter, the union will help solidify my generals’ confidence in you. They will stand behind you, ready to die. The majority of Ladoneans believe in love. It is what makes us strong. Marrying Palexus will prove your love to her and to my people. I need your decision after my talk with the Kyrenian Empire. A messenger from Kyrenia came to me in secret an hour ago. My generals and advisors know nothing of this matter. I have not told Palexus. I will have no choice but to tell my generals tomorrow afternoon. My spies will be here early morning or mid-day tomorrow to tell me what is happening in Kyrenia.”
After Melercertis leaves, Ryeland is in shock. He sits on the edge of his bed, wondering what just happened. He can’t believe the offer he has received. In his mind, everything the Atlantean General has done to this point has been wasted, and his instructions via Atlantean military tactics can kill his own people. 

Chapter XIX
A Point of No Return

Ryeland rushes to Palexus’ chambers. Melercertis has not yet said anything to her, so she is unaware of what is to take place. The Atlantean General knocks on her door and a servant answers. Palexus hurries to the door after hearing Ryeland’s voice.
Ryeland says, “I may have to leave here in a couple of days and return to my empire. Your father came to me with grave news. The Atlanteans are about to take Mantineia, but Kyrenia and Sabathea may ally with Mantineia to fight against my homeland. I don’t know what to do. I respect this empire, and I’m in love with you.”
Palexus’ heart skips like a rock across a pond. Tears fill her eyes. She stands in silence, saying nothing to this man who has her heart. Palexus tries to say something, but keeps her head down for she cannot look into his face. This is the first time Ryeland witnesses Palexus being meek. He is surprised and can no longer restrain his feelings. He takes her in his arms and holds her as if he is never going to let her go. In the back of his mind, he still feels like a traitor to his own people. 
Ryeland looks at Palexus and asks, “What if you marry me and come to Atlantis?”
Palexus responds, “That can never happen. I belong here with my people, and you belong with yours. The only way Atlantis can defend herself is if you are there to lead. Your laws say that you cannot marry outside the Atlantean borders. I couldn’t even become a citizen according to your laws.”
Ryeland says, “I have enough pull to make it happen. You will be the first.”
Palexus responds, “My father will not let me go. Atlantis is doomed. If Ladonea enters the war, I will die and so will you, if we go to Atlantis. I will not live in Atlantis as a potential enemy to your empire.”
Ryeland says in desperation, “I will ask your father to reconsider an alliance with Atlantis. Together, our militaries can take on the three empires.”
Palexus says, “What you are asking is impossible. Ladonea is on the verge of collapse. Even though we have a strong military, our politicians are corrupt. If we don’t fight alongside the other empires, they will try to conquer us next. Our religion will destroy us if we fight the rest of the world with the Atlanteans. The Ladonean Empire has no choice but to combine with other empires from the continent to defeat Atlantis. There is already a loose alliance between the Kyrenian and the Mantineian Empires. Sabathea has always stood on its own. If the Sabatheans consider alliances with two other empires, Atlantis and Ladonea could not stop them.”
Ryeland says, “Suppose I stay here?”
Palexus angrily responds, “I can’t live the rest of my life thinking you didn’t protect your fatherland just to stay here with me.”
Ryeland says, “I will stay and ask Melercertis if I may be the one to take Atlantis. Then I will become its governor after it’s been taken.”
Palexus replies, “I trust you, but does my father know your true intentions?”
Ryeland says, “Love is truth, and I love you. It doesn’t matter what is going on in the rest of the world. I believe in us.”
One hour past midnight, Ryeland leaves Palexus’ chambers, shutting the door behind him, and mounts his giant elk. The Atlantean General rides to Melercertis.
Ryeland is escorted to the Ladonean Emperor’s main chamber and asks, “May I speak, Sir?”
Melercertis replies, “Wait before you say anything. After you and I talked in your chambers, three of my spies reported from the three empires, telling me the same information: there will be war against Atlantis. I have no choice but to join them. You and your men are set free. Your division is going to take a different route to reach the Atlantean border more quickly. No harm will come to them. Your warriors will die like they should, in battle to protect Atlantis. I may have to fight them later. Your generals here will be sent home by ship.”
Ryeland replies, “I want to accept your offer, but only on one condition. Following the war, I want to govern my people after they have been conquered.” 
Melercertis says with sadness, “You will be killing your own people to accomplish your goal.”
Ryeland says somberly, “If one wants to be a great leader, he must see the whole picture. If the other three empires are the main aggressors, they will kill everyone on the peninsula. If I go in and take my empire under the Ladonean flag, I will let the women and children live. They may become slaves, but they will still be alive. I have a small chance to save the lives of my civilization. I can return to my fatherland and fight against the known world, but that is a lost cause. The hatred from the main continent is still strong, and I can do nothing about that. I could go warn my empire, but that isn’t enough to deter our future enemy. I understand your politics. If I fight for you, I will know the strengths and weaknesses of my land, and will be saving millions of lives. If you help me, Melercertis, I will take your place when you go to the next life.”
Melercertis replies, “I have one question for you. Do you really love my daughter?”
Ryeland says, “I love her more than my homeland. That is the reason I’m here.”
Melercertis replies, “To make my empire strong, I need you to become the prince and marry my daughter. Within a week, everyone will know on which side you will fight. The war against Atlantis will happen a month prior to the summer solstice. All empires on the continent are uniting to become the Continental Alliance.”
Ryeland fervently replies, “I will protect this empire and your daughter.”
Melercertis asks, “What about Acteon? Is he leaving or staying? I know he is very loyal to you.”
Ryeland replies, “I will find out, my Lord.”
Melercertis says, “Come to me when you know. Tell your generals to depart immediately from Madera.”
Two hours past midnight, Ryeland marches to Acteon’s chambers and knocks on the door. Because Acteon is loyal in his discipline, he wakes and stands up almost at attention. Ryeland asks Acteon to sit down. Acteon is wondering why the Atlantean General is coming to his chambers so late. 
Ryeland sits down beside Acteon and says, “Listen to me very carefully, old friend. There is going to be a full-scale assault on our fatherland. Close to twelve-million men will rise up in arms against our empire. Even with our reserves, their military numbers are almost a twelve-to-one ratio. Our empire is well defended by our natural borders, but we cannot withstand what is about to happen. Although the walls of Atlantis give our people a huge advantage, we don’t have enough warriors to repel such a magnitude of combatants. The other empires will destroy Atlantis. I have spoken with Melercertis. The only way you and I can save our homeland is to side with the Eastern Empire. If we fight for Ladonea, you and I will lead the occupation of our country, and our race will survive. We can lead the attack and conquer Atlantis. If we don’t take our lands in this attack, everyone in Atlantis will die. Sabathea and Kyrenia will exterminate our race should they be the first to take Atlantis. I have decided to stay in Ladonea, but our officers will return to Atlantis tomorrow.”
Acteon is shocked and replies, “I can’t do what you ask of me. I cannot go against my own civilization. I would rather die. I will return with the generals tomorrow. Out of respect for our friendship, I will not say anything about this conversation.” 
Ryeland starts to leave and says, “I understand. The Ladonean ships will be sunk on the spot if our navy catches wind of this. It will take you two weeks to return to Atlantis. I have to inform Melercertis of your choice. Respect my decision, and I will respect yours.”
Before Ryeland exits, Acteon yells, “Wait! I cannot leave you, Sir. I believe in you. I will stay. I think God sent us here to save what is left of our empire.”
Ryeland replies, “Then I will see you in the morning. I will tell Melercertis that you remain here. The Ladonean generals have great respect for us. You will be my second-in-command of the Ladonean Empire. Plus, I need a best man. I am marrying Palexus in three days.”
Acteon queries, “Why in three days?”
Ryeland responds, “I don’t know. Palexus doesn’t even know yet. I just decided.”
The next couple of days are very chaotic. Ryeland and Acteon prepare for war. The other Atlantean generals are journeying back to Atlantis. Ryeland’s division was told their generals were being sent to Valtear in preparation for war against the Mantineians. No Atlantean warrior knows of the plan being formed against their homeland. Ryeland works with the Ladonean generals to reveal the weaknesses and strengths of the Atlantean Great East Wall defenses. Acteon and Ryeland stay in the palace to keep Atlantean spies unapprised about what will soon take place.
Meanwhile, Ryeland asks Palexus to marry him, and she accepts. Acteon and Carissa also agree to marry. It is good politics. If the two Atlantean generals are to be trusted, they must have reasons to stay. They are marrying for love and to gain trust to the Ladonean Empire. If the Ladoneans win, Ryeland and Acteon will become heroes. If the Ladoneans lose, both Atlanteans will be known as traitors to their fatherland. Either way, each warrior will make history. 
Ryeland is at the palace to be married. The citizens of Ladonea have been told that Palexus is Melercertis’ daughter and accept the idea of an Atlantean marrying a Ladonean woman. Tens of thousands of people gather to see the wedding. 
As part of the ceremony, Melercertis escorts to Ryeland. One-hundred Ladonean officers and generals line the path of their emperor and his daughter as they walk toward the new prince of Ladonea. Ryeland eagerly awaits his future wife. The military officials salute their emperor as the two pass by, honoring both the marriage and their leader. Palexus’ bridesmaids follow her, hugging every general to portray compassion to those who protect the empire. The Emperor, Acteon, and Ryeland stand side by side, facing the priest. Ryeland and Palexus hold hands in front of the cleric. After the walk of life, as the Ladoneans call it, the priest begins the marriage ceremony. 
The priest announces loudly to the crowd, “This is a good day for the people of Ladonea. The best general in the world is here to marry the Princess of the Ladonean Empire. Ryeland sees the beauty of our land and culture; he believes in the gods and has taken them into his heart. The gods have said that a leader from a far-away land will one day rule Ladonea. The gods sent Ryeland to us as a blessing. Thank the gods!” 
The whole crowd cheers. The entire speech was arranged on Ryeland’s behalf. Melercertis knows how to politically stage an occasion. 
Although Ryeland is disappointed in himself for betraying Atlantis and God, he feels that he is doing the right thing. Palexus and Ryeland say their vows and walk the pathway of the generals. The Emperor remains with the priest, and every Ladonean general salutes the newly married couple as they leave the palace.
The next day, Acteon marries Carissa. The thought of the two Atlantean generals possibly having to kill their own soldiers to save lives makes them sick. They wonder if they will have to destroy their own divisions. 
Several days after the weddings, Acteon and Ryeland ride horses after sparring, since this is the only way they can talk without being overheard by Ladonean people. This question always surfaces in their conversations: will Ryeland and Acteon be considered heroes or traitors in the coming centuries?
Acteon and Ryeland seek the Ladonean Military Council in making preparations to attack their homeland. A large force of Ladonean warriors are camped at the gates of the capital. At this point, Melercertis does not trust Mantineia, Kyrenia, or Sabathea. The Ladonean borders are saturated with Ladonean divisions.
A week after the wedding ceremonies, a messenger from Sabathea is hastened to Melercertis. After conversing, the horns blow to assemble the Military Council. Once all are gathered, Melercertis stands, saying to Ryeland and Acteon, “Kyrenia, Mantineia, and Sabathea are combining forces. It is official and cannot be further postponed. This is becoming a Holy War against Atlantis. We cannot remain neutral. Most of the Ladonean people want your god destroyed because your theology interferes with the beliefs of most people on the continent. They see technology as the backbone of your god, and are afraid of the unknown. Ten years from now, the circumstances might have been different. My empire could be strong enough to battle the rest of this continent with Atlantis, but I cannot control their fears. Atlantis will be conquered.” 
Ryeland asks, “Is there anything else we can do?” 
Melercertis replies, “No, Atlantis is on its own. I can’t go against my religion because that will destroy me politically. Religion is the core of any civilization. In negotiating my empire to enter the war, Atlantis will be under my rule. The other three empires want Atlantis’ military completely destroyed so that it no longer threatens to the continent. Because the three empires think the peninsula is evil, they do not want territorial rights to your land. Ladonea will be in charge of the aftermath.”
Ryeland says, “I never knew the people of the continent hated Atlantis so badly. If I take my empire, I will put it under my rule and save my culture. I am completely with you if I can save my people. Atlantis will be reformed to the rest of humanity, but I know that is the only way to save my culture from complete destruction. Thank you, Melercertis.”
Ryeland starts to think of every scenario that can save his fatherland from total annihilation. He can’t return to Atlantis and fight for her because he has made a commitment to Palexus and to the Ladonean Empire. Since Ryeland and Acteon have married outside the boundaries of their homeland, they are no longer citizens in accordance with Atlantean laws.
Outwardly, Ryeland and Acteon look strong, but know they are falling apart inside. They had believed that Atlantis had a great future, but now every empire on the continent wants to destroy their homeland. Either general could have been an asset for Atlantis in the upcoming war, but that is no longer an option. 
For Ryeland and Acteon, there is no turning back. The thought of killing their own people is very difficult for them to overcome, but they have made their choices. They will lead the attack against their own empire, hoping to save any part of that culture that may survive after the war. It is a simple answer to a complex situation.

Chapter XX
The World of Hatred

Five weeks prior to the summer solstice in Valtear, Atlantean divisions are ready to confront the Mantineian army. Laptos’ five battle groups are close to the Mantineian border. Persephone is very confident about the military campaign. Almost one-hundred-twenty-five-thousand Atlantean soldiers are preparing to face Nextear’s Army. 
In Sidra, the Valtearean capital, Quentoris has done well in persuading the Valteareans to become a state of Atlantis, and their Senate will vote on the issue of annexation next year. Even with less than a year of occupation, the Valteareans can see progress and are preparing for the transition to statehood. No one has gone hungry or died of an epidemic in Tulless’ kingdom since the occupation. The Atlanteans have irrigated farmland, and Valtear now has a surplus of food. Quentoris respects the Valtearean nobles and has become good friends with many of them. He has also helped create a military force from the Valteareans, training over five-hundred-thousand warriors who stand ready for battle. Those warriors still use crude weapons, but are trained in the Atlantean fashion. Tulless’ empire is growing stronger. The nobles of Valtear are becoming heroes and leaders to their people.
Some Valteareans, however, still do not want to convert, and prefer that their empire return to its state prior to Atlantean occupation. The Valteareans who had good trade the old way have now been cut out of the loop. Nonetheless, the leadership of the Atlanteans is making Valtear more economically and socially stable. Despite drastic changes in Tulless’ kingdom, the masses want statehood with Atlantis. 
Within the last two months, Nextear has proclaimed himself Emperor of Mantineia. The new leader has united communities all across his lands. In so doing, he has gathered two-million able-bodied men to fight Laptos. Nextear’s army is not as well trained as the Atlanteans’, but his military is becoming stronger every day. 
Atlantis must conquer Mantineia to capture its resources needed to develop a sufficient amount of steel for their war machine. The Valteareans have been trading iron ore to Mantineia in exchange for other natural resources. Aten’s empire took Valtear, thinking that the iron ore was coming from them rather than Mantineia.
As far as the Atlanteans know, Nextear’s main military force is only forty-five miles from the Valtearean border. If Laptos first provokes a fight with the proclaimed emperor, they can destroy his army and remove the rest of the Mantineians’ leaders one by one. The Atlanteans are outnumbered, but are confident of a victory. When Laptos’ army enters the Mantineian Empire, they will choose the battlefield so the fight can be on their terms. 
According to the Atlantean reports, Nextear has enemies in his own country; he thinks many tribes will not join the fight against Atlantis. Those tribes are wrapped up in and worrying about their own small affairs. Some of the Mantineian tribes want the Atlanteans to come dethrone Nextear. To the Atlantean generals, other than Nextear’s military, Mantineian armies are spread out to control areas of the empire. Atlantean spies have said that only Nextear’s seven-hundred-fifty-thousand men will put up a strong resistance to Laptos’ invasion. On the other hand, Mantineia is making sure the Atlanteans do not know the full strength and alliances. 
In Valtear, Persephone is second-in-command of the Mantineian Campaign. Laptos, son of the Atlantean Emperor and brother to Daygun, has been appointed Supreme Commander of the Valtearean territory. The Mantineian Campaign is Laptos’ first true command. He has decided to omit twenty-thousand Atlantean infantry from the battle to protect Valtearean assets, in case of an attack from the Sabathean or Kyrenian Empires. There have been some hostilities with their neighbors, but only small skirmishes. Laptos’ orders the infantry, led by Captain Presus to secure the borders of Tulless’ kingdom. 
The border between the Kyrenian Empire and Valtear is broad, with a thin line of Atlantean men to protect it. Presus’ division will be stationed at five different points. Atlantean scouts patrol the border of Kyrenia in intervals. If something goes wrong, the Atlanteans will know about it quickly, but all of the main Atlantean artillery and heavy cavalry are preparing to march across the border where the Atlanteans want to fight Nextear. 
Presus’ scouts scan the borders with Kyrenia and Sabathea. The atmosphere is relaxed. The Atlantean warriors play, understanding they are on a short-lived vacation. Most of the men wish they were in Mantineia, warring alongside their comrades.
Quentoris’ small infantry legion is close to the Valtearean capital. If anything happens to Laptos’ offensive, he will take command of the Valtearean Army. Because of former diplomatic accomplishments with the Valtear nobles, Quentoris will best benefit the campaign should something go wrong.
In Atlantean military politics, Persephone’s army is loyal to her, but does not consider Laptos to be the same quality leader as his brother Daygun. Laptos has not yet proven himself in battle. Being the Emperor’s son has worked to Laptos’ disadvantage. He has some strong points, but his inexperience is hard to overlook. 
The stage is set in Mantineia, and Aten’s son takes the high ground close to Nextear’s army. When Persephone reaches Laptos, they salute one another. The Atlantean Army has come together ten miles inside the border of the Mantineian Empire on Katula Hill. According to the Atlantean scouts, they will have the advantage.
To ensure Laptos’ command, Persephone gives him military advice for the battle to come, but cedes actual ordering to the new Supreme Commander. She rides to the highest point of the hill, studying the army as it nears the Atlantean fortification. She travels back and forth, reporting what she sees to Laptos and advising him. After council, Laptos relays orders to prepare for battle. 
Looking up at Katula Hill, the Mantineian generals are hesitant to move first against the Atlantean fortification. Nextear remembers almost a year ago when the Valteareans attacked the Atlanteans, and not wanting to repeat the same scenario. Nextear’s army marches toward Laptos’ army, ready to fight.
Laptos sees close to seven-hundred-fifty-thousand Mantineian soldiers cresting the horizon, the same number he was told to expect. Persephone and Laptos gaze over the hill to the valley below. Laptos looks through a spyglass toward his enemy, where he notices strengths and weaknesses of the Mantineian formations. This battle is his first chance to show his father that he can shoulder a difficult task. Nevertheless, the sun is about to set, and the Mantineians will not attack until daybreak. 
Late at night, more Mantineian and Kyrenian warriors march to the valley below the Atlantean fortification. They deceived Atlantean spies into thinking they were only seven-hundred-fifty-thousand men.
Here, Nextear has three-million men from Kyrenia and Mantineia to attack Laptos. The Mantineian Empire has close to three-thousand mammoths, one-thousand giant rhinos, and twenty-thousand light cavalry, but no artillery. Nextear knows he can win this campaign with overwhelming manpower. 
In the valleys of Katula Hill, the Mantineian soldiers carry bronze swords and wooden shields to fight the Atlanteans. The Mantineians wear brown leather, but it is too thin to protect them from the thrust of an Atlantean sword. Nextear’s military uses thick, heavy swords to prevent their breaking in battle. The Atlantean infantry is outnumbered twenty-five to one against the Mantineians and Kyrenians. Nextear has brought together every tribe in his empire and their ally Kyrenia. The newly-proclaimed Mantineian Emperor has made this a Holy War. His men and neighboring empire will not only fight for him, but also for their gods.
Dawn breaks and the Atlanteans are surveying the vast army. They are not surrounded yet, but within the next three hours they will have no way of retreat. Laptos’ artillery is moved to the front lines. The Atlantean heavy cavalry moves to the top of the hill. Aten’s son has over two-hundred giant crossbows and two-hundred catapults at his disposal. The Atlantean artillery is formed into a star shape and pointed in all directions. It will be hard for the Mantineian soldiers to penetrate the Atlantean defenses, even with their overwhelming forces. If the Mantineians launch a frontal assault, Atlantean rear crossbows and catapults can be turned around for a concentrated counterattack. 
Immediately before the battle, an Atlantean scout locates Laptos and Persephone, telling them that most of their reconnaissance patrols have not reported in. Laptos eyes see what is coming forth, and begins to feel uneasy about the situation. The two Atlantean generals notice more enemy warriors marching ever closer to their fortification.
Persephone looks at the future battlefield and says, “There is something wrong here. This feels like a trap.”
Laptos replies, “I agree, but we cannot retreat. I will not tell my father we had to regroup because we feared the unknown. Call for Presus’ and Quentoris’ men to regroup with us. We can use their armies to take our enemy on two fronts. The Valtearean warriors can protect us from the Kyrenian Empire if they get involved. Nextear wants us, and we will fight here.” 
The bells sound to alert the Atlanteans in Valtear that the battle is about to begin. However, the Kyrenians’ military has shut down the Atlantean bell posts to stop all lines of communication. Neither Presus not Quentoris will hear any cries for help. 
Persephone rides to Laptos saying, “There is no relay returning from our communication stations. We cannot get reinforcements. We stand alone.”
Laptos responds, “We will endure here. We will not retreat because of the unknown.”
In Valtear, as Laptos orders reinforcements, the first line of attack comes from the borders of Kyrenia. Over one-million warriors surge forward to engage Presus. The first objective of the Kyrenian and Mantineian warriors is to outflank Atlantean supply lines. Presus’ men remain at their posts until they know absolutely that their position can no longer be held. 
Studying Katula Hill, Nextear looks at Laptos’ fortification knowing that, although thousands of men may be lost, he must win this battle. The Mantineian Emperor leads his overwhelming force toward Laptos’ main fortification. Nextear has no artillery, but will use his light and heavy cavalry to compensate. 
The only advantages the Atlanteans have at the fortification are their archers and artillery. Laptos and Persephone have over thirty-thousand archers on the battlefield to protect their infantry. Every giant crossbow has thirty projectiles, and every rock in the region has been amassed to use as ammunition for their catapults. The Atlanteans still believe they can take on the enemy. 
Laptos and Persephone study their antagonists. They can see an innumerable horde rushing toward them. Ahead of the Mantineian and Kyrenian infantry are the enemy’s heavy cavalry of mammoths. The two Atlantean generals feel the whole world is about to attack their fortification. The Atlantean commanders can see the colors of the Kyrenian Empire. Persephone and Laptos look at each other fearfully.
Persephone says in shock, “It seems the Kyrenians and Mantineians have formed an alliance. We cannot win here.”
Laptos stubbornly replies, “We can not lose this battle. The entire Atlantean Empire depends on this day and this battle. If we can cripple the enemy here, they will think twice about fighting beyond their borders and entering our fatherland. We will win from losing.” 
Persephone says darkly, “The odds are heavily against us.”
Proudly, Laptos replies, “This will put us in legends. Everyone will know what happened here at Mantineia. If we live, I’ll be ecstatic. If I die, I won’t care.”
Persephone replies, “This is a matter of our civilization’s survival. We must send word to Tulless and Quentoris for reinforcements. We might be able to send a message by horseback to Sedra. Atlantis is too far to help. We need to regroup and fight where we might have the advantage.”
Laptos says, “I agree. We have been training the Valteareans for months. They have over five-hundred-thousand warriors to assist in this war. Send Captain Balaris to advance Tulless’ men to the secondary position. Secure every bit of military equipment remaining in the Valtearean capital. Tell everyone to vacate their capital and find refuge. If we have to regroup, the region of Bardia is our best hope to inflict damage to this massive army facing us. Atlanteans and Valteareans can’t fight divided, but we can fight as one.”
Persephone asks, “Shouldn’t we save the Valtearean capital?”
Laptos responds, “Sidra has no natural defenses; unfortunately, Mantineians will take the city. I want them seeing us retreating, and then we will counter once we have the advantage.”
Balaris, with a small garrison, rides for hours and is barely ahead of the Mantineians and Kyrenians which are surrounding Laptos. Upon arrival, Balaris rushes directly to Quentoris and says, “Kyrenia and Mantineia have formed an alliance. They have more men than were expected. Laptos will hold off the enemy so the Valtearean civilians can evacuate.”
Quentoris responds, “Presus needs to retreat so we can regroup. We will leave a Valtearean division here to vacate the civilians.”
Each military personnel in Sidra rushes to perform his duties; Quentoris goes on full alert, and sounds the bells. Because the bells of the Valtearean capital are large and powerful, the message to regroup at Bardia reaches Presus.

Chapter XXI
Confronting the Enemy

At Katula Hill in Mantineia, Nextear’s army moves forward toward the Atlantean fortification. In order to attack, the enemy will have to march up slopes and avoid rocky terrain. The Atlantean warriors are fearful, but training and discipline holds them together. Laptos and Persephone will use their artillery to destroy as many enemies as possible, then fall back to regroup at Bardia.
Midday, the battle begins. The enemy has completely surrounded the Atlantean army. Instead of a full frontal assault, Nextear concentrates all of his light and heavy cavalry on Laptos’ left flank. The Atlantean artillery turns and aims against the threat. At the last possible moment Laptos yells, “Fire.” Ordnances explode on the battlefield, and thousands of Nextear’s men lose their lives. The Atlanteans are able to hold their position on the first wave of attack without suffering casualties. 
After Nextear regroups his army, the second assault begins. Close to a million men and beasts run toward Laptos’ fortification. Atlantean giant crossbows and catapults scream back at their enemy. The catapults’ boulders roll through the Kyrenian and Mantineian lines. Hundreds of projectiles are fired from the Atlantean artillery, destroying entire formations of attackers. At one point, half the Atlantean projectiles are fired on a concentrated area, stopping a break-through from Nextear’s spearhead. Because of the slope of the hill, the Mantineians’ and Kyrenians’ archers are unable to use their weapons. 
Three hours later, the Mantineians feel they are on the verge of winning the battle, as they begin the third strike. The Atlanteans blaze the battlefield again. The enemy charge toward the hill, attacking all sides of the Atlantean fortification. This time Nextear’s light and heavy cavalry start to break Laptos’ lines of defense.
Laptos says to Persephone, “It is time to go. Prepare to fire the last of the projectiles!”
Persephone yells to her captains, “Regroup ten-thousand archers to the south side. We are retreating!”
At the Atlantean stronghold, the fighting becomes more intense and the enemy is advancing closer to the core of the Atlantean fortification. Death is all around. The defenders are holding on. Laptos rides to the south side of the fortification where his archers and heavy cavalry are ready to fight their way out. He looks at his cavalry commander and yells, “Ride!”
Persephone yells at her ten-thousand Atlantean archers, “Fire!”
All Atlantean archers fire their arrows in a spearhead and move forward. The Atlantean mammoths charge under the organized firing solution, mowing through the endless sea of enemy soldiers. In an organized fashion, Laptos’ infantry and archers advance to continue the momentum of the retreat. Overhead, the last of the Atlantean projectiles are fired, exploding on the battlefield. The Atlantean warriors with mammoths and rhinos advance through the enemy. Laptos’ infantry follows behind, forming a circle outside the main fortification. The Atlantean counteroffensive and terrain make it difficult for Nextear’s warriors to regroup and counterattack. The Atlanteans have the advantage and fight for their lives, while moving toward a narrow valley. 
After the breakout, forty-thousand Atlantean infantry, four-thousand light cavalry, twenty-thousand archers, and seven-hundred heavy cavalry have survived. However, the Atlantean wounded must remain and die. 
The Atlanteans are on the run. The Kyrenians and Mantineians concentrate all their might on the original Atlantean fortification. The Atlanteans who stayed to fight will not return to Atlantis. The remainder of Laptos’ army is destroyed since they lacked a formidable number of archers and artillery. There were too many men from Kyrenia and Mantineia to withstand that kind of punishment. Some of the Atlantean warriors stayed behind so that the rest of the Atlanteans could retreat. They gave their lives for their brothers-in-arms. 
Back in the Valtearean capital, Tulless tells Quentoris, “We are being attacked. The Atlanteans took my kingdom. I hate them for that. I saw a little girl on the side of the road two months ago and I could tell she had been fed. Two years ago, the same girl would have been starving. I have seen what the Atlanteans have given my kingdom; I stand behind your empire and so do my men. We are here with you. I need your military to help protect this future Atlantean state. I have to know right now if you will retreat or stand to fight in my capital.”
Quentoris replies, “We can’t win here. We must retreat to Atlantis to regroup, and reclaim your lands later. These civilians have to be evacuated from Sidra because there is no formable defense here.” 
Two hours past midnight, almost every man, woman, and child have been evacuated from the Valtearean capital. Under darkness of night, the civilians are rushed to port cities to leave by boat, and the Valtearean military marches toward the secondary location.
When the Kyrenians and Mantineians arrive the next morning at the Valtearean capital, Sidra is almost completely abandoned. Nextear has won the first battle. 
Tulless’ capital is on fire, and all of the women and children have gone except for the few who refused to leave their homes. The Valtearean Army has burned everything, so the invading enemy will have to use their own provisions. Nextear is angry; he was hoping he could use the city for supplies so it would be easier to continue pursuit of his enemy. 
Nextear moves toward an old man inside the city and asks, “Where did they go?”
The old man replies, “Our people all fled to the seaport of Clarion. The ships are taking them to Atlantis.”
Nextear asks, “Where is the Valtearean Army?” 
The old man replies, “They went to reinforce the Atlanteans at Bardia.”
Nextear shouts, “Bardia?” 
In anger, the Mantineian Emperor slaughters the old man. As Sidra citizens observe the killing, they quickly disperse, hoping that Nextear does not come to them with questions. Nextear orders a scouting party to find the Valtearean and Atlantean military. The Mantineian Emperor is determined to destroy the Atlanteans.

Chapter XXII
Fearing Darkness

After the Mantineians arrive in Sidra, a Kyrenian scout rides to Nextear with news that the Atlanteans and Valteareans are, in fact, on their way to Bardia.
The main question the Mantineian generals ask is, “Why Bardia?” Nextear knows the Atlanteans have no artillery in that region. Therefore, he knows that his army will have the advantage with overwhelming numbers. 
After a long march, Laptos converges with his generals at Bardia, and starts to construct a crude defense perimeter on the mountain side of the Albers. Laptos’ army can only be attacked from three different directions. Since the Atlanteans holds the high ground, their archers will inflict heavy causalities. Persephone understands they have to deplete enemy supply lines to allow Atlantis to develop their defenses. Because the Valteareans and Atlanteans torched Sidra, the enemy has to transport provisions from their homeland. 
Laptos, Quentoris, Tulless, and Persephone review their objectives: All are preparing for battle; they must make a stand; the Atlanteans are a three-day march from the Atlantean West Gate; the Atlantean Emperor has no clue what is happening in the Mantineian Campaign; Laptos is stranded without reinforcements from the fatherland; many messengers have been sent to Atlantis, but none have returned.
Laptos orders the Valtearean and Atlantean generals to meet in his tent and says, “We must seek assistance from our Western neighbors.”
Persephone replies, “On the continent, Hamma and Maktar are small city-states of the Empire. They have one-hundred-thousand warriors to fight, including their reserves. We must bring them to this battlefield.”
Quentoris says, “They are too far away to reach us in time. The battle will not be won here at Bardia. We must lure our enemy to the borders of Atlantis to fight. Our enemy has overwhelming numbers. We must punch them in the face and quickly withdraw. The only way we can win is with reinforcements from our fatherland. We need cavalry and artillery from Atlantis.”
Tulless says with pride, “All my soldiers are with you, and we will fight to the death with your empire.”
Quentoris replies, “I will fight and protect your warriors with my life.” 
Tulless replies humbly, “I don’t mean the past kingdom of Valtear. I mean the new state of Atlantis. The Kyrenians and Mantineians will destroy our way of life. If we win, we can rebuild my kingdom. Fighting here gives my civilians more time to evacuate the continent. The Atlanteans have proven they will preserve our culture and improve it. I know Aten will fight for my kingdom with everything he has.”
Persephone urgently says, “Laptos, you have your father’s influence with the Maktar. Quentoris, Hamma has the first division from your first command. If you both use your influence in this desperate time, you can organize them to fight for us. Balaris, you must ride to Atlantis and tell them what is happening here. If the Sabatheans are involved, Atlantis cannot take on three empires, even if the Ladonean Empire stays neutral or fights with us.”
Laptos says, “I agree. Quentoris, you and I may not survive the journey, but our empire depends on our influence. The ride is a two-day journey on elk. I will meet you at the border of Atlantis in five days. There are two Atlantean divisions at the Great West Wall, but our defenses will not be able to withstand a full-scale attack from our enemies. Combined, the Mantineians and Kyrenians are too strong. We must weaken them and deplete their supply lines before they reach our borders so our fatherland can reorganize and counterattack. Persephone, I am putting you in harm’s way. You will be in charge of Bardia. Fight here and retreat back to Atlantis.”
Quentoris says, “Before the invasion of Sidra, I sent word to Maktar and Hamma to be prepared. If we do not unite as one force, we will all be picked off one by one. There will not be a Valtear, Hamma, Maktar, or Atlantis if we do not unite. I feel that our homeland is being attacked. There is no word from our messengers, and our bell posts are not communicating. Our enemy will not split their troops until Bardia is taken. Nextear is looking for a decisive victory.”
Persephone says, “I will fight here to buy time.” 
Quentoris replies, “I agree. The battle her will make or break our empire. We must slow Nextear so that our empire can prepare.”
Laptos throws a map onto a table, points at the destination, and says, “Quentoris, my father has confidence in you, as do I. In five days, meet me at the border of Atlantis close to the city of Akco.” 
All go their separate ways. Balaris rides to the fatherland. Quentoris and Laptos mount their giant elks and are accompanied by a small task force for protection. The two men make their journey toward the small Atlantean city-states to gather the few men who are there. They ride quickly and do not sleep until reaching their destinations. 
Persephone and Tulless stay and fight, setting their lines of defense. Every bridge was set afire as the Atlanteans and Valteareans retreated from Sidra. Their enemy will have to go up and down rivers seeking a bridge to cross.
To defend Bardia from charging cavalry, the Atlanteans cut down every tree they can find. The Atlantean and Valtearean archers construct tens of thousands of crude arrows from the surrounding area. 
On the third day of marching, the Kyrenians and Mantineians are nearby, and have close to three-and-one-half-million men ready to fight at Bardia. Atlantean patrols see the massive army, and give details to Persephone of what is coming.
Laptos and Quentoris finally reach their destinations. The city-states of Maktar and Hamma agree to fight. A ship is launched to Atlantis to warn of the invasion, but will take three days to arrive in Vasic. The two small city-states have hastily mustered four divisions. Quentoris reunites with his old division. The Maktar and Hamma artillery divisions are sent by ships to meet Persephone’s army outside the Atlantean Great West Wall, close to Akco. Other ships evacuate the civilians, crossing the sea searching for refuge. Meanwhile, the two Atlantean city-states on the continent burn and destroy anything their enemy might use in their campaign against Atlantis. 
Laptos marches the army he has mustered close to the sea, toward Atlantis. The armies carry every bow and sword from their arsenal. The journey to Akco will take three days. Because Laptos is exhausted, he tries to sleep in a carriage while traveling. The responsibility of everything his father has worked for has become extremely taxing. 
Back at Bardia, Persephone sends most of her light and heavy cavalry to the south side of their defensive point. Because the Valteareans do not have the same range as the Atlantean archers, they will be positioned closer to the enemy. The two armies are spaced correctly to concentrate their firepower. Because the Atlanteans are better trained, Persephone’s infantry is positioned in the center of the defensive perimeter. The Valtearean infantry is situated on the left and right flanks, where terrain and higher ground will help keep their formations sound. 
The Mantineians and Kyrenians reach Bardia and move in formation to attack. The battle begins. The Mantineians’ main assault is toward Atlanteans’ center, where their archers and infantry fight hand-to-hand. Persephone counterattacks, and slaughters many of Nextear’s infantry. The Atlantean enemy has too many casualties to regroup.
At dusk, the Valteareans and Atlanteans start to lose ground on the north side. The Valteareans fight well, but are few in numbers and begin tiring. As the sun starts setting, Persephone catches a break. The enemy retreats to their camp, while completely surrounding Bardia. Before nightfall, a Mantineian messenger rides to the Atlantean fortification to speak with the commander at hand. The messenger marches to Persephone, and stands proudly. He says, “Please allow our wounded to die in peace. The sun will set in thirty minutes. We ask that you allow our warriors to die in the light of the sun so they can go to the heavens and their forefathers.”
Persephone is stunned and says, “You may take the wounded off the field, and I will not attack your men during the retraction.”
The messenger runs to relay the message to Nextear. Thousands of Kyrenians and Mantineians move to their mortally wounded, turning those faces toward the last rays of sun then killing them where they lie. In the Mantineians’ and Kyrenians’ religion, this is the only way they can attain the afterlife to join their gods. Light is the key to entering their heaven. When the sun sets completely, the Atlanteans hear cries from the battlefield and thousands of torches are stabbed into the ground. 
As Persephone watches this, she devises a plan, and gathers the captains together. She waits until everyone is in the tent, and speaks to the Atlantean and Valtearean captains. 
Persephone says, “Our adversary cannot fight efficiently in the dark. We must break out of here tonight. Our enemies’ religion dictates that they can’t die without the sun or the torches of light. Our enemy will fear to die this eve because they believe they won’t be able to enter the afterlife. This is the only way we are going to safely return to our homeland. If we wait until daybreak, we will not survive.”
An Atlantean captain says, “Not everyone in Mantineia or Kyrenia believes in that faith.”
Persephone replies, “Religion is religion. Even if everyone doesn’t believe in the light to go to heaven, who is going to chance it this night? Their theology is imbedded in their culture. It is time to go on our last offensive in Valtear. I hope Laptos and Quentoris have secured our reinforcements. Many of our men will perish.”
Persephone’s orders are carried out. The Mantineians and Kyrenians are camped only two miles away, on all three sides. Atlantean warriors charge with their light and heavy cavalry, and their archers follow closely behind. Atlanteans and Valteareans fire their arrows into the darkness, hopefully hitting their enemy. Caught off-guard, tens of thousands of Nextear’s warriors are killed in minutes. The Atlanteans rush toward their foes torches alongside the Alber Mountains, using their heavy cavalry to spearhead through the enemy lines in total darkness. After an hour, the Atlanteans are outside their enemies’ pocket and retreat before sunrise. The Mantineians and Kyrenians do not follow for fear of dying in the dark. 
During the night offensive, the Mantineians and Kyrenians lost over six-hundred-seventy-thousand men, forcing them to regroup. The Atlanteans have found the weakness of their enemy. During the battle, some Kyrenians and Mantineians retreated because they feared the full moon. The light of the full moon is believed to lead the dead to their hell. The religion of the enemy has saved the Atlanteans, and they have put a huge dent in the opposing military. 
At sunrise, the Atlanteans and Valteareans escape with only two-hundred-thousand men. Close to four-hundred-thousand Atlanteans and Valteareans died at Bardia. It was a night-long fight. Neither side completely knows the death toll. Early in the morning, the Mantineian Emperor wants revenge. In Nextear’s eyes, the Atlanteans disrespected his gods, ensuring to his warriors that this is a Holy War.
The Atlantean enemy tries to attack the Atlanteans with their cavalry as the day progresses, but the Atlanteans ward them off. In turn, the Atlanteans weaken the enemy a little more. The Atlantean cavalry is the best in the world. Persephone’s archers are down to twenty good arrows apiece. The Atlanteans cannot repel another attack like that at Bardia. The only thing keeping the Atlanteans going is the idea of reaching their homeland. 
The Atlanteans and Valteareans stop and have a short funeral service for those who did not survive Bardia. Life and culture have changed since the Atlanteans went to Valtear. Persephone has never seen so much death. In less than a week, tens of thousands of soldiers and civilians have died on both sides. Persephone wonders if trying to take Mantineia was worth all of this. She wonders: did she help destroy Atlantis with conquest?
As the Atlanteans flee, their adversary’s light cavalry attacks Persephone’s retreat once more at dusk, but they are also beaten. The whole countryside of Valtear has a trail of blood running toward Atlantis. After a long march, Atlanteans and Valteareans near the appointed meeting place, seeking Laptos and Quentoris. They send scouts and a messenger ahead to the destination. Persephone is where she should be. That morning, the reinforcements from Maktar and Hamma finally arrive. Persephone is relieved when she sees Laptos leading the corroboration.
Laptos and Quentoris have returned with four divisions and more military supplies. The Atlantean scouts ride toward the communication post to try and warn their fatherland, but the posts have been destroyed. The only way the Atlanteans can communicate with their own is through messengers. Tulless, Laptos, Quentoris, and Persephone meet in Akco, the bordering outpost of Atlantis, and make plans for that afternoon. Since the Atlanteans are outnumbered, they need to fall back behind the Great West Wall and gain reinforcements. They talk about battle strategies and transporting artillery from the ships of Maktar, which should arrive shortly. They are weary of going toward the Great West Wall. The enemy can be in the mountains, ready to attack the retreating Atlanteans. 
Then, Balaris rides his horse up to Persephone. He is out of breath and says, “I can’t get to our gates. The Atlanteans are fighting someone. Thousands of men are fighting at the first barrier into our empire.”
Persephone asks, “You say thousands of men? We were right not going toward the Great West Wall alone. I think the Sabatheans are also a part of this.”
Catching his breath, Balaris says, “I estimate that about four to five-hundred-thousand enemy warriors are at our gates.”
Laptos says to Persephone, “Do you think the Kyrenians and Mantineians split up?”
Persephone replies, “No! Why would they divide and try to take the Great West Wall of Atlantis with a small army? This is a diversion. Our fortification is too strong. Our enemies know five-hundred-thousand men are not enough. We have a half-day’s march to get there. I think the whole world is at our doorstep.”
The next morning, Persephone and a few scouts look upon the Atlantean Great West Wall to see what is happening. Persephone observes about five-hundred-thousand men from the Sabathean Empire attacking her empire. Almost three-million additional warriors of Nextear’s army are less than a day’s march away. 
Persephone rides back to camp hastily, and can think only of how she is going to die in honoring her empire.

Chapter XXIII
Betrayal

One month before the summer solstice, the Atlantean Emperor is at the Great East Wall, training eight of his divisions. Unaware of what happened in Mantineia, Aten thinks he has another month to prepare his men for invading Sabathea with the Ladonean Empire. Melercertis’ messengers ride back and forth, telling Aten that everything is going according to plan. 
Four elite Atlantean divisions already fortify the Great East Wall, giving Aten a total of twelve divisions, numbering three-hundred-thousand warriors. With this kind of force and weapon technology, Aten is confident his empire is safe from invasion. 
If and when the Atlanteans are attacked, the entrance of the Great East Wall will force an enemy into a bottleneck. There is only one mile of width between the two mountain ranges. In the center is the Atlantean gate. The gap is too small for a major attack from an enemy. With Atlantis’ weapons, the entire battlefield can be destroyed within twenty minutes. Five gates and defensive walls are also inside the mountain range between the peninsula and the continent. Three-hundred giant crossbows and four-hundred catapults face the continent. Because of the high elevation of Aten’s artillery, the enemy’s weaponry cannot come near the gates without being destroyed. The Atlantean artillery personnel have been trained to hit with great accuracy anything that nears the wall. 
Outside the main gate are two towers, standing two-hundred feet high. The fires from the two pillars have burned continuously for five-hundred years. It is said throughout the Atlantean Empire that as long as the walls are standing and the pillars burn, God will be in the hearts of their civilization. Because of their devotion to religion, every Atlantean citizen works on the East and Western fortification for one year of their lives.
On each side of the gate and near the pillars, are two statues: one representing God and the other, of the first Atlantean Emperor. Each statue is one-hundred-fifty feet tall, facing toward the continent. Construction required thousands of laborers, and took decades to complete. The statue on the right of the gate represents what the Atlanteans think God would look like if He was mortal, holding a sword. The grand statue to the left is a carving of Atlandreous, the first leader who united the Atlantean people, holding an arrow and a bow aimed toward the heavens. Between the two monuments stands the one-hundred-foot gate crafted of wood and steel. The doorway into Atlantis weighs twenty tons. The gate is so perfectly constructed that a child can push it open with ease.
Two-hundred yards in front of the gate are three pyramids, each standing sixty feet and constructed of black marble. Atop each pyramid are glass light towers. From a distance on a pitch-black night, the fire coming from the pyramids seems to float in air. 
Another Atlantean barrier into the peninsula is the mountain range. Beyond the man-made defensive barrier into Atlantis, the mountain range is too steep for any enemy invader to climb and gain entrance. The Atlantean civilization has found the perfect natural barrier to defend the empire from potential enemies on the continent.
By foot, the only other way into Atlantis is through the Great West Wall near the Valtearean border. That defensive barrier was built at the same time as the East, but has not yet been upgraded to an impenetrable degree. Two divisions are stationed there, with one-hundred giant crossbows and one-hundred catapults facing the mainland.
Aten’s family has been ruling from the beginning of its civilization. The first Atlantean Emperor, Atlandreous, first brought order to the peninsula and helped construct the East and Western walls. He also brought the word of God to his civilization, and everyone on the peninsula converted to one religion. 
During the early hours of that morning, the emperor’s thoughts are interrupted by a servant yelling. “A messenger is coming toward us, my Lord!”
The scout approaches on horseback, with panic in his eyes. Two grandmasters follow Aten to meet the messenger. The Atlantean Emperor can see the issue must be very important.
The scout yells, “The Sabathean Army is at our doorstep!”
Aten turns to his grandmasters and says sharply, “Sound the bells for a full alert. Send a messenger to my son, telling him what is transpiring here…!”
The scout interrupts and says, “There two-hundred-thousand men outside our gate, but not yet within firing range.” 
Aten mounts his giant elk and rides to the front gate. The bells peal, infusing the Atlantean Empire. He knows the Sabatheans cannot win this battle alone. The Atlantean army goes on full alert, running throughout the gate’s fortification to take their positions.
Back in the Atlantean capital, the message from the bells reaches the ears of Daygun. The emperor’s son is with Kaydence in the garden of their new home. Upon hearing this urgent alarm, all high-ranking generals are to report to the Military Council Hall immediately. The Prince hastily mounts a stallion.
Kaydence runs from the garden and yells, “Wait, Daygun!”
As she is yelling, Daygun abruptly turns his beast. When he pulls on the reins, turning the horse toward Kaydence, she sees her husband fearful and angry at the same time. She strokes the stallion’s head to calm him down, looks at Daygun, and asks, “What is happening? Are the Sabatheans at war with us?”
Daygun says, “I don’t know. I must assemble the Military Council. The Sabatheans are at the Great East Wall. I do know my father is sending a messenger, so we should learn full details in four hours. I must get to the Council and set up our reserves, then send our fleets to sea for scouting. If it is only the Sabatheans, we will defeat them. A million men can’t break through our Eastern defense; over three-hundred-thousand of our warriors are stationed there.”
Daygun assembles his Military Council and orders all Atlantean ships to sail to sea in search of enemy ships. The Prince orders his generals to prepare the military reserves, and then tells another general to find the location of all Atlantean divisions.
Four hours later, the messenger from Aten’s army arrives to apprise Daygun and the Atlantean Military Council of the situation. He marches quickly to Daygun, salutes, and says, “The whole Sabathean army is standing out of firing range at the Great East Wall. They wait for us to engage them in combat. Your father wants you to know there are twelve divisions at our Eastern defense. He asks you to order all fifteen-thousand youth archer to the Great West Wall at the border of Valtear. Because of the threat of an amphibious landing, he also wants you to deploy two divisions to Vasic to protect our military port.”
Daygun says, “It must be more desperate than I thought if he wants us to pull the young archers, no older than sixteen, to defend our empire. My father must think there is more than just the Sabatheans at our border. If the Mantineians or Kyrenians are allies with the Sabathean, they can take the Great West Wall. Should that happen, I want our divisions at our Western defense to retreat into the gates of Masaba. The city has very good fortifications to withstand an attack. I want twelve divisions in reserve in Atlantis. This will be our last stronghold. From here, we can send reserves to Masaba or Halotropolis, if need be. The rest of our reserves are necessary in Vasic. The Vasic King will not give us his ships if he receives nothing in return. Since Halotropolis is so close to the Great East Wall, I want eight divisions to reinforce and protect God’s city. At this point, Masaba is not in danger. If the Sabatheans destroy our Eastern defenses, they will have to traverse two major cities before they can attack our capital. The enemy cannot march straight toward Atlantis without being attacked on two fronts.”
A general says, “The Senate from Halotropolis will not consider eight divisions enough to protect the City of God.”
Daygun replies, “I will send Kaydence to Halotropolis. She is of royal blood. The Senate there will compose itself with her present. Now, let it be done.”
At the Atlantean doorstep, Melercertis, Ryeland, Borealeous, and Origenes, the Sabathean Emperor, look intently at the Great East Wall.
Borealeous says, “With the Atlantean Army divided and Laptos on the run, we can take these defenses. After defeating the Atlanteans in Valtear, Nextear should be able to put more pressure on the Great West Wall.”
Origenes says, “My Sabathean warriors want to be first to attack the walls of Atlantis.”
Ryeland asks, “With the agreement, do we all agree Ladonea will govern the peninsula after the war?”
Origenes says, “We all see the Atlantean lands as evil. To our civilization, Atlantis is tainted. After this war, the conquered civilization might be hard to keep under control. Yes… the agreement stands.”
Borealeous responds, “According to the pact. Atlantis cannot regain its military power of twenty-seven years ago. Right now, we refuse to ignore their imperialistic nature. The Atlantean Empire has disregarded the treaty set forth after the Great War to not attack another empire. They had no right to wage war on Mantineia.”
Ryeland responds, “For this reason I am here among you. They dishonored the agreement. I will prevent the few survivors from becoming a threat to the continent. What I am doing right now shows respect to you and your empires.”
Origenes says, “I understand your grief and despair. It must be hard to take control of your civilization. Mankind will change on this day.” 
Ryeland says, “I will help to quickly bring this war to an end. The world will have had enough bloodshed.”

Chapter XXIV
Battling the World

Two hours before sunrise, Aten waits at the Atlantean Great East Wall war chamber, looking over the wall. He witnesses tens of thousands of torches outside the firing range of his archers and artillery; the luminosity seems like daylight. The Sabatheans and Kyrenians ready themselves to attack. Aten orders seventy-thousand Atlantean infantrymen outside his defensive wall to fight the enemy. They march forward and run into formation. As long as the Atlanteans do not go beyond the pyramids, they are protected by the Atlantean archers and artillery. In the shadows, the torches seem to float toward the Atlantean infantry. The sun begins to peak through the mountains, and most of the Atlantean infantry think this will be their last sunrise. 
The Sabatheans march closer with their hand-held weapons, and the Atlantean archers are ordered to fire. Sixty-thousand Atlantean arrows strike the battlefield, killing thousands of Sabathean warriors. The enemy rush toward the Atlantean formation outside the gate. Warriors yell toward each other, then fight hand-to-hand. The second wave of Atlantean arrows kills enemy reinforcements, but half of Ryeland’s assault makes it through. The Sabathean and Atlantean infantry fight, brutally slaying one another. The hatred between the peninsula and continent for the past twenty-seven years is unleashed here at the gates of Atlantis. 
Overlooking the battlefield, Aten witnesses the Continental Alliance’s heavy cavalry rushing to attack the right formation of his infantry outside the gate. The Atlanteans counter fire with all their artillery. Aten orders the catapults to fire at will, killing hundreds of enemy beasts. However, some of the enemy’s light and heavy cavalry barge through the Atlantean bombardment and push toward the unknowing Atlantean infantry. Aten commands his light and heavy cavalry to counter the enemy. Close to the gate, the Atlantean infantry moves out of the way and their cavalry punches a hole through the attackers.
Within twenty minutes, the tide of power returns to the Atlantean advantage. Aten’s heavy cavalry starts to devastate the Continental Alliance’s Army and moves outside the protection of their archers and artillery. Drawing closer to Ryeland’s trap, the Atlantean cavalry continue fighting deeper into their enemy’s ranks. 
Ryeland studies the battlefield and yells, “Fire!” 
Using artillery, the Ladoneans fire on the Atlantean counterattack and a quarter of Aten’s cavalry is destroyed within minutes. Ryeland’s tactic proves to be a devastating blow to the Atlanteans. The Ladonean artillery is out of range of the Atlantean weaponry. The maneuver is brilliant, and the remaining Atlantean heavy cavalry have to retreat back through their gate. 
Ryeland studies the battlefield, turns to Tito and Melercertis, and says, “The Atlanteans will not let that happen again. They will stay on the defensive for the duration of this campaign. We must deplete their armaments with brut force and high casualties. The next couple of days are to exhaust Aten’s artillery munitions no matter the cost.”
Tito asks, “How can you be so sure they will not counterattack and go on the offensive?”
Ryeland replies, “We have just defeated their cavalry, and the Atlanteans know now that people of the continent are not as injudicious as they thought. They will be second-guessing themselves every step of this campaign.” 
The Atlanteans sound the bells, telling Halotropolis to send more reinforcements and ammunition to the front. The Atlanteans’ supplies at the Great East Wall are being quickly depleted. The giant crossbow projectiles require five days to produce. Every Atlantean ammunition factory has gone into full production since the warriors of the continent arrived at their doorstep. 

Four days have passed since the initial attack; there is still no clear victor on either side. Many men from both sides are dead. The Atlanteans are retaining their enemy. However, Aten knows his attackers will not stop until Atlantis is destroyed.
The next day, five-hundred-thousand men are sent forth from the Ladonean camp to attack one-hundred-thousand Atlanteans outside their wall. The Ladoneans use the Sabathean flag to confuse the Atlanteans and make them think there is only one empire involved in the conflict. At this point, Ryeland uses the elite Ladonean warriors, all under Tito’s command, for the next step into this conflict. Tito’s men charge at the Atlantean gate, but the Atlanteans counter and hold them back. Because Aten’s warriors are fatigued, the Ladoneans kill a great number of Atlantean infantry 
The Continental Alliance is still waiting for Nextear’s warriors to help reinforce the Great West Wall for a full-scale attack on the East. With Laptos destroying the bridges and holding at Bardia, the setbacks are putting the Mantineian Emperor behind schedule.
The main Atlantean forces are still stationed at Masaba, Halotropolis, and the capital city. The enemy will have to take three cites to conquer the Atlantean Empire. The kings of the peninsula will not let their armies leave their walls. Daygun has to comply with his kings. The Atlantean Prince cannot deplete the cities’ defenses and allow them to be easily conquered. For now, all four Atlantean city-states believe they are safe with their fortifications, weaponry, and armies, thinking there is only one empire to fight.
After the hardest day of fighting, the Continental Alliance starts to retire early. The Sabatheans send a messenger to Aten requesting permission to remove their dead and wounded from the battlefield. Atlantis asks to go first, because they have the medical knowledge needed to save their men. The Atlanteans are given two hours to complete the retraction, and Ryeland’s army has equal time to gather their fallen men and beasts from the battlefield. After the dead have been removed, Aten looks from a tower and sees nothing but a field of blood. The battleground is not light brown, but a dark chocolate color because of blood and dirt. The blood is so thick in the combat zone, the battleground looks as if every man, woman, and child on earth have spilled every ounce of blood at the gates of Atlantis. Aten knows that dust will no longer fly in the air as it did on the first attack from his enemy. 
During the night, Atlantean wounded warriors fill the beds of the hospital inside their mountain fortification. Screams ring throughout the mountain fortress. The physicians cannot see each patient in time to treat and save every life. Many men die because of the shortage of medical attention. Aten sounds the bells to send more physicians to the front.
After the Atlantean Emperor leaves the beds of his injured warriors, he marches to his generals in the military chamber and says, “We are losing here. I do not know if the Ladoneans have betrayed our empire. We have no way of telling who is attacking other than the Sabatheans. My gut instinct tells me every empire on the continent is a part of this war. If Melercetis is not involved, our enemy will not be able to keep fighting. We can’t ask for any more reinforcements from our cities. If we are fighting the whole continent, we all must die here as warriors for our homeland. I am ordering every commercial ship to evacuate the peninsula.”
The general replies, “The enemy can’t keep losing this many men. They also have politics to play within their own homeland.”
Aten says, “There has been much hatred toward our civilization for decades. The war twenty-seven years ago was nothing compared to what we are witnessing here. Our enemy will not stop until Atlantis is destroyed. Five-hundred years ago, Edicus predicted this war. He said that the emperor of Atlantis will give his life for humanity thousands of years from now for the name of God. The manuscripts are almost in riddles and hard to understand, but I feel I am that emperor. Send a messenger to my son and tell him to take Edicus’ tablets to Edrin to be buried there. Do this in secret. If our priests find out about this, it will create havoc. I feel God is giving me the opportunity to fulfill what is in store for the future of humanity.”
The next day at the Great East Wall, the Atlanteans have almost exhausted their giant crossbow projectiles. The generals of the Continental Alliance see the Atlantean infantry reorganizing outside their walls. To Ryeland, this is the perfect time to attack. 
The Sabatheans and Ladoneans cross the battlefield. Aten’s archers and artillery fire repeatedly at their attackers, killing about one-third of the soldiers advancing toward their infantry outside the Atlantean gate. Thousands of Sabatheans and Kyrenians burst through, and the Atlantean infantry surges to meet them on the battlefield. The enemy’s heavy cavalry breaks through. Aten sees that his infantry is in considerable danger and opens the gate. Every Atlantean light and heavy cavalry stationed at the Eastern defenses charge to challenge the enemy. The Atlantean archers and artillery concentrate all firepower toward the Continental Alliance’s light and heavy cavalry. However, the rain of arrows is not enough. 
Ryeland’s attack breaks through and destroys the center of the Atlanteans’ infantry outside the gate, and Aten’s men are forced to fall back. When hope seems lost, they behold the appearance of two-hundred giant rhino and three-hundred Atlantean mammoths, in a spearhead which explodes like a volcano. They charge the enemies’ heavy cavalry dead on, looking for redemption for what happened to them last time they went outside the protection of their archers. The Atlantean cavalry have been trained better and are able to make good ground. With assistance from the Atlantean archers and artillery, the Atlanteans’ beasts break through the Sabatheans’ and Ladoneans’ lines. The Atlantean warriors counterattack, and reclaim the ground they had lost within hours. 
In the middle of fighting, the Continental Alliance has trouble retreating through the corpses of their fallen comrades. Sabathean horses trip over lifeless bodies on the battlefield. Aten’s archers take advantage of their confusion. The Atlanteans’ giant crossbows fire their krample projectiles, with spikes that scatter on the battlefield, giving Aten’s infantry time to reorganize and meet the enemy. 
Ryeland rushes toward Melercertis and Tito saying, “We cannot wait any longer. The Atlanteans are becoming fatigued, and it is time to catch them completely off-guard.”
Tito replies, “If you think what I’m thinking, I agree. We need a moral victory soon.”
Melercertis looks at Ryeland and says, “Like I said back in my capital, I trust you. If you say it’s time, do what you must. I am losing face with our allies. If I don’t produce quickly, we will not be the dominant empire here. The only way we can save Atlantis after the confrontation is to take complete control of this war. We will retire for the day. We will ask to remove the dead from the battlefield as the next step in our military campaign.”

Chapter XXV
The Tightus

Ryeland orders the newest weapon of the Ladonean Empire, a secret until now, to be introduced to the battlefield. He has waited to use this until the Atlantean artillery munitions began depleting. Ladonean engineers have worked for a decade on a weapon to breach the walls of Atlantean fortifications. 
The Eastern Empire has thousands of mammoths at their deposal, and Ladoneans are very good craftsmen. The military introduced the idea of the tightus, an enormous siege tower. The military moving fortress is one-hundred feet high and seventy-five feet wide, with fourteen wheels, each of which is twelve feet high. 
The eight-level tightus is powered by eight mammoths. The Ladonean beasts are protected beneath the first story of their war machine. The second story has a powerful crossbow, from which projectiles can be shot to inflict serious damage on Atlantean defenses. On the third level is a ram that can damage the Atlantean massive gate. The fourth level holds forty archers. The upper levels carry hundreds of warriors. When the warriors disembark from the top level of the tightus, they are even with the top of the Atlantean wall. This is the most powerful machine of its day. The Ladoneans are about to use seventy-five tightuses in an attempt to take the Great East Wall, and more are being built to capture the city-states. 
Within the tightuses, Ladonean crossbow technology has been copied from the Atlanteans. Eastern spies seized upon the idea ten years prior, and the weapon went into production. The tightuses’ projectiles blaze with fire upon impact. 
Horns blow from the Ladonean military, and the tightuses move forward toward the Atlanteans’ Great East Wall. Aten’s artillery fires their krample projectiles, covering the battlefield with thousands of spikes. The ground is cleared of metal by Ladonean warriors before the mammoths can be hindered as they run and power the siege towers. Although the tightuses are one of the largest wooden structures in the world, they can move almost three miles an hour on the battlefield.
The horns blow a second time from the Atlantean enemy, and the Sabathean and Ladonean infantry charge at full speed. 
One-hundred-thousand Atlantean infantrymen are outside the gate, bracing for what is about the come. Aten’s archers and artillery wait for orders to fire on the charging enemy. When the enemy is within firing range, Aten holds for the most opportune time. Then the Atlantean Emperor orders, “Fire!” 
Aten’s giant crossbows fire and hit the siege towers, but most of their projectiles glide off. Because the curved sides and metal plating of the tightus, most of the Atlantean projectiles skip off the giant war machines, like a stone skipping across a pond. 
On the first wave of Atlantean artillery fire, one tightus is disabled and the others move at slower speeds. Aten’s giant crossbows focus their fire on the moving fortresses, and ignore the Sabathean and Ladonean light and heavy cavalry coming toward the right of the Atlantean gate. 
Aten commands all his depleted light and heavy cavalry to counter and engage the Sabatheans’ cavalry to protect his outside infantry. Atlantean archers rain arrows on the enemy. Tens of thousands of Sabathean warriors are cut down where they stand.
The siege towers move rapidly toward the Great East Wall. Because of their speed, the giant Atlantean crossbows are having difficulty hitting their targets. 
Aten orders another wave of crossbow artillery to be fired, after adjusting their firing to aim at the base of the tightuses, twelve moving fortresses are destroyed and six more disabled. Atlantean artillery commanders order their men to fire at will. Atlanteans’ giant crossbows hit and destroy more on their third wave of firing, but forty-seven tightuses are still heading toward the Atlantean Great East Wall. For the first time, Aten is afraid for his people. The Atlantean Emperor will not reveal his fear to his men, but his warriors notice the hesitancy in his eyes as he gives orders to regroup.
Havoc reigns on the battlefield since the Atlantean archers have killed or wounded forty-five-thousand enemy warriors. Aten orders his infantry outside the gate to regroup and push back the invaders. 
In response, Ryeland orders the Sabathean warriors to use ropes and scale the mountain on both sides of the gate. The main purpose for trying to climb the mountain side is to draw the Atlantean archers’ attention, so the moving fortresses can reach the walls. Twenty-thousand Sabathean warriors climbing the mountain cede their lives for their cause, empire, and gods.
Thirty-eight tightuses advance the gate and fire their projectiles at the Atlantean fortifications. The siege tower’s projectiles hit their targets and inflict damage on the Atlantean defenses. Aten’s wooden gate is on fire. In some areas outside the wall, Aten’s men have to fall back. Atlantean catapults fire, but have little effect on the Ladonean tightuses. 
Due to the proximity of the moving fortresses, Atlantean archers begin accurately hitting the holes of the tightuses, killing hundreds of enemy archers inside. As the enemy draws nearer, the Atlantean archers hit every area of the siege towers, causing them the appearance of giant porcupines crossing the battlefield. 
The second wave of tightuses reaches the gates, firing their projectiles, and ramming the gate. The Atlantean barrier is weakening amid the onslaught. A tightus reverses to build speed and ram the Atlantean gate once again, and it finally gives way. Sabathean warriors hurry to overrun the interior of the first Atlantean barrier. All surviving Atlantean men outside the gate have to retreat. 
Due to their overwhelming manpower, Continental Alliance archers shoot enough cover-fire for Ryeland’s mammoths to advance. The Atlanteans hit the enemy beasts with arrows and artillery. Nothing on the battlefield catches fire since the soil is comprised of blood and earth, making the projectiles less effective. 
Aten orders a full retreat to the second defensive gate, where he commands a division to remain at the first line of defense and protect his men as they withdraw. The Sabatheans’ and Ladoneans’ mammoths start to tear away the damaged first gate for better access. Ryeland gives orders to immediately destroy the statues of God and the burning pillars. What took the Atlanteans decades to create is being destroyed in hours. The enemy mammoths pull with their ropes, and eventually decimate everything at the front entrance to the Atlantean Empire.
The enemy stops at the first gate, staying out of range of the Atlanteans’ firing from the second Atlantean fortification. The Continental Alliance knows they have to regroup, and are hesitant to push forward.
At the secondary gate, Atlantean artillery personnel are realizing they do not have enough ammunition. The remaining four walls running through the mountain region have only forty giant crossbows and forty catapults at each station. There is a width of one-half mile to protect on each Atlantean defensive position. Most of the remaining projectiles were in the first gate’s munitions depot and destroyed by them in their retreat. The Atlanteans have to rush to the third gate to retrieve more military supplies. Fewer men are available to transport artillery to the battlefront, so the second gate is not as well defended. Aten is down to one-hundred-forty-five-thousand men.
The Sabatheans and Ladoneans attack. Aten struggles to evacuate as many warriors as possible before his first line of defense is completely destroyed. Atlantean men battle to save their fellow warriors. Aten orders the second gate to be closed. Twelve-thousand Atlanteans are trapped between the first and second defensive barriers. The Atlantean Emperor cannot open the gate without losing his new fortified position. 
Aten looks at his trapped warriors as they fight the enemy. For thirty minutes, the Atlanteans hold them off: twelve-thousand Atlantean warriors fight valiantly. After the archers between the first and second gates run out of arrows, they pick up swords and daggers from fallen comrades and fight to the death. 
Aten looks toward the battlefield, and witnesses the last two-thousand Atlanteans outside the second gate regrouping in one final formation. Although Atlantean archers from the walls of the second fortification give protection, the Continental Alliance pushes forward. 
The last Atlantean commanding officer from the first wall stands between his men and his enemy. He yells, “They want to take our God from our children and our culture. We are dead already. This is the time to fight for God!” 
The Atlantean infantry outside the second gate rush to meet the enemy, knowing these are their last moments on earth. Aten watches from the second defensive position, and has never been more proud and devastated at the same time, witnessing his men die for honor and God. The Atlantean Emperor feels his civilization will never surrender as long as one man is standing. 
The Atlanteans swells with national pride and vengeance, and believes this is now a Holy War. Aten’s archers and artillery fire as the enemy marches closer. Using God as their source of strength, the fearful and exhausted Atlanteans fight as if they have had the best sleep of their lives. Though the Atlanteans have killed hundreds of thousands of men, there are still millions of enemy warriors to repel. Aten has lost over half of his warriors.
The day before, a ship from the retreating Maktarians sent by Laptos docks in Vasic, and a messenger was sent directly to the Great East Wall. Aten is viewing the battlefield and directing resources to the battlefield with his generals. The messenger runs up to Aten and salutes. He says, “Laptos is on his way to the Great West Wall in full retreat. The Kyrenians and Mantineians have united. Laptos told me that the Valteareans and a handful of our men will engage the enemy at Bardia, and Persephone is in charge at the stronghold. The last message from your son was three days ago. We don’t know what has happened. All communication to the continent has been broken. Four divisions of Maktar and Hamma are to meet what is left of Persephone’s men at Akco.”
A general says, “The Great West Wall is under attack. We cannot move outside our gates because over five-hundred-thousand men are attacking there. Laptos is trapped. We must use our navy and land near Akco to assist.”
Aten says, “No. I appreciate your concerns for my son, but he is a warrior of the Atlantean Empire. We cannot go on any offensive. If we do, Atlantis will falter.” 
Another general says, “We have three empires beating on our gates. Is Ladonea also involved in this conflict?”
Aten looks at his generals, “If so, we cannot hold off four empires.”
Hours later, the Ladoneans bring out tightuses to attack the Atlanteans’ second defensive fortification. Since the first gate is a half-mile from Aten’s second defense, the tightuses regroup and form a wall, staying out of range of Atlantean artillery. 
Aten knows he will die here, and blames himself for this attack. He feels as if he betrayed his fatherland. When he was twenty years old, he became Atlantean Emperor. He remembers the Great War. His father was very imperialistic, and the rest of the world hated Atlantis because of its greed and world domination. Aten feels he has disappointed his people, wishing he had not attempted to conquer Mantineia. 
Aten turns to General Playtarous, and says, “Go to my son and protect our capital. Tell him exactly what is transpiring here. Make sure Edicus’ tablets get to their destination. I will not let you die with me today. Ride to my son, and serve him. I need good generals to help protect the empire when the enemy takes the last gate. You have seen how our enemies fight. Your knowledge and expertise here will be vital in the battles to come.” 

Chapter XXVI
Dying for Empires and Gods

Nearing nightfall, the Atlantean second gate is seriously jeopardized by the wall bombardment from Sabathean munitions. Projectiles from the Atlantean artillery are not affecting the tightuses. Under Ryeland’s leadership, the Sabatheans and Ladoneans are well organized. 
Finally, the second gate falters. As the Continental Alliance storms through the Atlantean defense, Aten orders the second gate abandoned. His warriors retreat to defend the third barrier into the peninsula. Some of the Atlantean infantrymen do not escape and are left to die.
Aten fears that the word of God and his culture will be destroyed. There are too many warriors to fend off. The weight of the world is at Aten’s doorstep. He thinks of his wife, and the warriors that have died for him. The Atlantean Emperor imagines his sons and his future grandchildren, understanding he must fight to the last man to allow time for whatever his son might plan. Even if it is Aten’s last day on earth, he knows his warriors are with him and God will give him strength. 
Aten chooses to forfeit the third defensive gate, and regroup his men where supply lines have shortened. This should give them time to organize and intensify their fighting at the fourth defensive fortification. The Atlantean men take every artillery piece and fall back. 
Ryeland watches the Atlantean soldiers relocating and wonders why Aten is giving up a stronghold so easily. The Sabathean and Ladonean armies are slowed for a few hours as they clear a pathway for the tightuses. 
The Atlantean generals advise Aten to return to Atlantis, but he has decided to not leave. He will lead his men, protecting the walls of Atlantis. If he and his army put up a strong fight, the Atlantean cities will have additional time to prepare for a more formidable defense. 
Aten’s forefathers made Atlantis into the greatest empire on earth, and he fears he may be held responsible for its destruction. He also feels he must forfeit his life because of Edicus’ writings. Aten believes he is fighting for God according to prophecies of five-hundred years ago. 
Although Aten has lost two-thirds of his men, he fights the attackers forcefully and with determination. Almost twelve hours later, the enemy takes the fourth Atlantean defense. As Aten is driven to the fifth and final gate, the bells sound, informing his empire of the dire circumstances. 
Daygun assembles his generals to develop a strategy to defend the cities. Atlantean messengers travel back and forth between the Great East Wall and the capital. The Prince has heard nothing from his army in Valtear or Mantineia. Because of broken communication, Daygun has no idea if his brother is dead or alive.
At the fifth Gate, Aten’s remaining warriors fend off invaders for another two days. This is the final stronghold, since the walls are fortified and well-armed. The enemy dead pile up as the Atlantean archers rain arrows toward their foe. The Atlantean corpses outside the last defense are cast aside and trampled by the enemy. Hundreds of thousands of men, mammoths, giant rhinos, and elephants lie dead on the battlefield. Aten wonders if his body will be thrown to the side when all is said and done.
Although the fifth gate will soon fall, Aten refuses to retreat. Fewer men now protect this last barrier to his homeland. Knowing he will die here, the Atlantean Emperor considers everything he will miss while in the afterlife: the love of a woman, the affection of his sons, and the devotion of his men. He is proud to be fighting alongside his fellow countrymen.
The Atlanteans now have only two divisions to hold off the enemy. These elite warriors of Atlantis scream for the chance to die with their emperor. Aten promises to die with them as they fight for God.
The Atlanteans open the last gate for an offensive attack; as fifteen-thousand infantry rush through the gate, the battle begins. Every last Atlantean arrow is bowed, every last projectile is fired from the fifth wall, and insufficient supplies are arriving at the last defensive barrier into the peninsula from the city-states.
While Atlantean warriors fight outside the gate, Aten speaks to his officers and generals, “They will refute our belief in God. They will halt our breath, but they cannot destroy our faith. Death is a stepping stone to God. Let us take that step honorably for Atlantis, and for Him.”
After hours of fighting, the Atlantean warriors outside the fifth gate are compromised, and the last gate into Atlantis is destroyed. The Sabatheans come running into that final defensive stronghold. Aten’s infantry charge their enemy to protect the gate. Aten remains in the center, encouraging his men in battle. In the background, the Atlantean grandmasters stand at attention, ready to protect the man they have vowed to guard with their lives. The thirty-three best fighters in Atlantis have been trained for this. While defending their emperor, the grandmasters feel that they are fighting for God and this is one way to affirm that commitment before dying.
Atlanteans are losing ground, and Sabatheans and Ladoneans surge through the gates. Atlanteans have no choice but to fall back and regroup. As Aten and his men fight, he sees the Ladonean flag being carried through the gate. His heart fails as his mind realizes that he has been betrayed.
Atlantean ranks continue falling. Aten has only six-thousand men. At a bell outpost, an Atlantean General asks Aten to retreat. The Emperor yells, “No! I will perish here with my division to gain time for my son to prepare! Every second counts for the survival of our civilization.”
Another general says, “We must send a message to Atlantis before the bells are destroyed. What is to be said to your people, my Lord?” 
Aten says, “Tell my sons I love them, and now is my time to die. Tell our people to fight for God. It is up to Daygun to protect the Empire, since he is now the Atlantean Emperor. As of right now, assure our people that I am a warrior of God and will die honorably for Him.”
The bells sound across the Atlantean Empire. Deciphering the message, Kaydence and Daygun can hardly believe their ears. Above the noise of fighting at the Great West Wall, Persephone, Quentoris, and Laptos hear the message near Akco.
Being trapped by mountains, Aten scans the battlefield from atop a hill and sees the Ladoneans rushing toward him. The Atlanteans always thought the Western defenses would fall first because it had only half the strength of the East. The Great West Wall was never the main thrust. The Atlanteans thought exactly what Ryeland had expected.
Aten tells one of his generals, “The Great West Wall was merely a diversion. Send a message to my son. Tell him to reinforce Halotropolis and for everyone to stand their ground. Tell him the Ladoneans are involved.”
The general responds, “Yes, Sir.” 
Atlanteans are able to sound the bells one last time. The whole Empire listens to the message that Aten sends, knowing the Emperor will never return to Atlantis. Daygun stares in the direction of the bells, wishing they were delivering a different message.
No one on the peninsula wants to believe what they are hearing. The Atlanteans thought their outer defenses would never be breached. The Great East and West Walls were constructed to be indestructible.
Aten has only one-thousand men to fight the enemy. The Ladoneans’ and Sabatheans’ generals are pushing nearer to the outpost where the Atlantean Emperor and his grand masters have decided to make their last stand. The enemy annihilates the Atlantean infantry quickly, despite the valiant fighting of the elite warriors from the peninsula. The Sabatheans want Aten dead; they wish to destroy the Atlantean leader and demoralize the inhabitants of the imperialistic civilization.
When the time comes, the Atlantean generals put themselves between their enemies to protect their emperor near the outpost. Aten’s generals stand their ground, giving their lives for their empire and for their beliefs. The grandmasters use their daggers and swords in close combat, defending each other and their emperor. As one is about to die, a dagger flies through the air, giving another grandmaster time to regroup and take on another enemy warrior. They can withstand only so much; more grandmasters die, one by one.
Aten and a few grandmasters are backed into a room inside the mountain. The elite fighters of his empire are becoming fatigued, and cannot fight as they had earlier. The Atlantean Emperor sees a Ladonean general and runs to attack. A circle of warriors follows the skirmish. The Ladonean general accepts the challenge to fight Emperor Aten one-on-one. Swords fly, and Aten runs his weapon through the first general. A Ladonean archer shoots the Emperor in the right side of his chest. Aten breaks off the arrow, and continues fighting other enemy warriors, killing each one he encounters; as he fights another enemy general, each sword blow weakens him. The wound from the arrow bleeds through Aten’s armor, and incapacitates him. He cannot breathe. The Emperor continues fighting and goes on the offensive with one more Ladonean general, then his combatant counters, slicing through Aten’s chest armor. Knowing this is his last fight, Aten is aware of every breath, breathes his last, and dies.
At the Great East Wall, not a single Atlantean surrenders, or survives. Twelve Atlantean divisions have been completely obliterated.
Every Sabathean general and warrior kicks Aten’s dead body. Hatred of the Atlanteans has festered for years, and the madness is unleashed here. Detestation has filled the room. The remains of Aten’s corpse lie on the floor, in the darkness of dishonor.
Ryeland walks into the room where the dead emperor lies and begins kicking the body of the man he once loved as a father. Aten’s bones are broken and his face is caved in. Ryeland knows if he does not do the unthinkable, the Sabathean and Ladonean warriors will suspect him, thinking that he is retaining loyalty to his homeland. Ryeland’s mission is still to save the handful of Atlanteans who will survive the war, and he must do the dishonorable act exactly as the enemy is expecting.
Ryeland ponders the results of this battle. By sending the Sabatheans as the first wave and the Kyrenians to Atlanteans’ Great West Wall, Ryeland’s army will be the world’s most powerful after the war. Thus far in this campaign, the Ladonean Empire has lost the least amount of warriors. Thanks to the Atlanteans killing so many Sabathean warriors, the Ladoneans will be the superpower of the world, and Ryeland will be the most powerful person on the continent. 
Ryeland assembles the Continental Alliance’s generals to discuss their battle plan into Atlantis. Their abhorrence for the peninsula causes the Sabatheans’ desire to be remembered as those who defeated the Atlanteans’ City of God, and they agree to be the ones who attack Halotropolis first.
Once assembled, the Sabathean and Ladonean warriors will advance to Halotropolis, but the Atlanteans will not let the City of God fall without a fight. Every man, woman, and child that remain inside the city’s walls are willing to die to protecting their homes. 
In the Atlantean capital the next day, a scout rushes to the Atlantean Military Council as Daygun is preparing a battle plan to protect the fatherland. The scout kneels at Daygun’s feet and says, “An Atlantean division is coming from our enemy; they have the colors of Ryeland’s command, and are marching alone.” 
Daygun replies “Sound the bells and tell Ryeland’s division to remain five miles north of Halotropolis until further orders.”
Hearing bells ring, Ryeland’s division stops north of the City of God. Daygun sends a general to Ryeland’s division to inquire about their survival.
An hour later, the bells sound in emergency military code. An interpreter deciphers saying, “Miro reports Melercertis did not want to dishonor a favor from such an honorable emperor, but was required to join the fight because of religion and politics. The Atlantean division sent to Ladonea has returned unharmed.”
Daygun asks the interpreter, “Where is Ryeland?”
“There was no report of his whereabouts,” the interpreter replies.
Confused, Daygun does not know where Ryeland might be, but wants and needs answers before allowing Ryeland’s division to join the battle. He knows that the enemy will unable to proceed to Halotropolis for several days.
Six hours later, another messenger approaches Daygun and says, “Ryeland and Acteon have gone to Valtear to assist in that battle. Only two captains are in the division we sent to Ladonea. Miro is the highest-ranking Atlantean officer, and they bring the Atlantean sword that our emperor gave Melercertis.”
Daygun says, “Tell the division to ride to Halotropolis and await our enemy. Also tell them to return our sword to our capital. They are true Atlanteans, and they will defend our fatherland.”
Daygun knows the whole world is against him, but he is prepared to die for Atlantis. Daygun is the new Atlantean Emperor and no other emperor has ever been in such a complicated situation. Because of his father’s death, he stands alone contemplating why Ryeland went to Valtear, and what to do next.

Chapter XXVII
A Younger Brother Takes Charge

Outside the Great West Wall, Persephone, Laptos, and Quentoris do not want to believe what the bells are relaying about Aten’s death. Their Eastern defense has been taken, and the Western wall is being heavily assaulted. Nextear is closing in on Laptos’ army and will intercept them within eight hours. The Atlanteans who fought at Bardia are almost surrounded, having nowhere to run. Laptos has no choice but to attack his enemy, which is trying to take the Western wall.
At a distance, near Akco, the Atlantean scouts witness the fighting against their homeland. Tulless and Laptos’ generals rush into a military tent and discuss how to best help the Atlantean warriors stationed at their border. They all feel God gave them the opportunity to live for a reason. However, the warriors who fought at Bardia are fatigued. The captains are exhausted and cannot lead as they did days before.
Laptos grows angry about the negative energy; he leads the generals to a map on a table and says in a stern voice, “We have four additional divisions with us here today. We must break through toward the walls of Atlantis. We are resupplied, and we have artillery.”
Persephone replies, “I agree. We will take our enemy by surprise.”
Tulless says, “I have to disagree. We have a small window of opportunity to escape. We must use the sea to enter Atlantis. We can march to the seaport of Cerberus and evacuate by ship, then we can help reinforce the Great West Wall.”
Laptos replies, “Time is our enemy; extraction by sea will take days. There is not enough time. We must fight and hit our enemy, which are attacking our Western border. If we defeat our enemy here, Daygun will only have one front to deal with. If we attack and succeed, our enemy will have to reevaluate their battle plans. The bottleneck at our Eastern border will slow the enemy’s advancement; their supplies and men will take days to regroup for an assault on our fatherland.”
Quentoris says, “If we fight toward the Western gate, our archers there will be able to assist us.” 
Laptos replies, “This isn’t the survival of Atlantis, but the word of God. God’s name will be extinguished from mankind’s memory forever without our immediate action.” 
Quentoris says, “I agree. Aten’s name will also die in vain. The Emperor gave his life at the Eastern wall. We will do the same here.”
Laptos and the generals leave the tent, giving orders to their men. The Atlantean generals have given themselves a reason to fight, and go in every direction to prepare their armies for battle. Atlanteans and Valteareans once again meld their armies into one. Laptos knows that they only have one chance at this. His troops stand at attention in formation with discipline and honor.
Mounted on his giant elk, Laptos yells toward his men, “This is a battle for God. Except for us, no one on this side of the wall believes in Him. Our enemy wants to destroy our way of life. That will not happen under my command. Life is not given to us. It is earned. Fight for God, and fight for me.”
Laptos’ men cheer for their commander. The horns blow to begin the march toward their objective. An hour later, the Atlanteans stationed at the Great West Wall see their fellow warriors coming over the hill and, so does the enemy. 
Most of the enemy’s scouts have already been killed by Atlantean patrols, and the Sabatheans and Ladoneans attacking the Western wall underestimate the number of Atlantean warriors that survived Bardia. Laptos orders his men to stop, allowing their artillery to catch up. 
Outside the Atlantean Western Wall, the enemy generals see Laptos’ army approaching. All of the Continental Alliance’s light and heavy cavalry are at the Atlantean Great East Wall. The Atlantean army charge as a force never witnessed before, determined to return to their homeland.
The Atlantean cavalry stampede and create havoc, opening a hole for Quentoris’ infantry. Even though the Atlanteans’ cavalry is small in numbers, they are like a brick hitting glass, shattering the formations of their enemy. Immediately behind the Atlantean heavy cavalry, Quentoris’ warriors are enlarging a gap toward the entrance into Atlantis. His elite division pushes back their enemy’s reinforcements with ease. 
After forty minutes, Atlantean infantry drives the Continental Alliance toward the Alber Mountains, taking control the battlefield. However, Nextear’s massive army is three miles from the Great West Wall. The Atlanteans are about to get pinched. 
Persephone, in charge of artillery, studies the battlefield. She orders the Mammoth commanders to pull the giant crossbows and catapults closer to the engagement. She waits for the last possible moment, then orders, “Fire!” 
 The Atlantean artillery’s bombardment is like a giant wave crashing into shore. The firing solution is so constant that the enemy begins to retreat, but cannot. Laptos’ army can sense the projectiles going overhead, feeling the explosions one-hundred yards from where they are fighting. The trapped Ladoneans and Sabatheans between the Atlantean army and exploding ordnance have nowhere to run. The enemy generals at the Great West Wall watch while one-forth of their men fall to the Atlanteans. 
Nextear’s army arrives over the hill, forming ranks to attack the Atlanteans. Persephone fires her last projectile and rides to the main engagement.
All of Laptos’ army fight toward their fatherland, and are only three-hundred yards from the main entrance. The Atlantean General in command of the Great West Wall is ordered to open the gate. Laptos’ army fights back into their empire and his archers scale the walls to reinforce their comrades.
Persephone and the others climb to the walkway inside their fortification. The Atlantean generals and Tulless run on top of the main tower and look over the battlefield. They all rest for a couple of minutes and say little of what just happened. For now, the West Wall stands. Laptos orders the Atlantean generals to meet him in the military chamber in twenty minutes. 
Shortly, the chamber room is silent. Pacing back and fourth, Laptos says to Persephone, “God was with us. The enemy will regroup with Nextear’s reinforcements. There are still millions of men to fight against us here. How many divisions do we have?”
Persephone replies, “We have the Atlantean youth archers and five other divisions.”
Laptos says, “This gives us almost nine divisions with Tulless’ army, but we have very few munitions. Send a message to the city of Masaba, telling them to send us more projectiles. The enemy will attack with greater strength within hours. We need weapons to keep them at bay. If we hold back our enemy here, my brother will only have to face one front at Halotropolis. At least six divisions are needed to stand here. I will leave Persephone and Quentoris to take command. Our Western defense has enough ammunition to withstand the enemy for three days. With the extra archers, the wall will stand two more. It will take two days to get the munitions from Masaba. On the sixth day, retreat to Atlantis. I will reinforce Masaba. Fight until you can’t, then get out of here.”
Quentoris says, “Thank you, Sir. We will hold this position.”
Laptos replies, “I want a full division to go to the City of God; my brother is increasing our defenses there. Halotropolis needs to know that we stand behind them. I will go to Masaba and await orders from my brother. I need to be close to Atlantis and Halotropolis. I will take two divisions with me.”
The bells sound from the Atlantean Western defense, and Daygun is alerted of his brother’s plan. The new Atlantean Emperor then gathers his generals at the Atlantean Military Hall and says, “I am proud of my brother, depleting our enemy in Valtear and Mantineia. I was going to reinforce our Western defense, but my brother has already done so. Six divisions are there, holding back the enemy. If the Great West Wall stands, the enemy will have to attack Halotropolis first. Our main forces should be there. Our foe has hatred toward our people and our God. We will use that to our advantage. Three more divisions from Atlantis will march to the City of God, which will give us thirteen divisions to protect the walls of Halotropolis. This is our land, not our enemy’s. We will not forfeit our beliefs to people who do not believe in God. If Halotropolis falters, the Great West Wall divisions will retreat to Atlantis. Yes, our enemy won a victory at our Eastern walls, but at what cost? We have destroyed three-million enemy warriors at little cost to ourselves. We will fight to the last Atlantean. If we die as men and fight for God, He will honor our memory.”
Laptos rides to Masaba and regroups with those Atlantean divisions; he is certain that his enemy will try to take the City of God. The new Atlantean Emperor might need him to out-flank their aggressors. Laptos also knows that Masaba is the key to the war. 
The Atlanteans thought the Great West Wall was weaker, but the Alber Mountains actually made it stronger than the East. The mountain valleys are too small for large artillery like the Ladonean tightuses. The Atlanteans hold the upper ground and use their artillery to destroy any small enemy artillery that comes nears their gate.

Chapter XXVIII
Leadership of Brothers

Laptos reaches the walls of Masaba and takes command. In the event of war, the emperor’s dynasty takes complete control of all military decisions. 
Upon hearing of the battles at Mantineia and Valtear, the Atlantean masses consider Laptos a respected hero. Although it was Persephone’s command at Bardia, the battle was won under Laptos’ leadership. 
Laptos brings two more division to Masaba. The city is not as fortified as Halotropolis, but is in good position to defend itself. There is a little time for rest. Laptos walks to the Military Council Hall, and mourns for his father alone. He needs time to reconfigure his emotions and love for his father. Even though Laptos did not always agree with what Aten said, he will carry out his elder’s dream of Atlantis. 
Kaydence is stationed in the City of God. She is reviewing battle plans with the Halotropolian generals and is a steadying influence. With more divisions coming to Haylos’ city-state, Daygun is ready for what is about to occur. Woman and children evacuate Halotropolis, but a great number of people will not leave their home, fearful that they are abandoning God. They will not let their city fall into evil hands without a fight.
The Atlantean enemy is regrouping. Supplies are being brought forth by land. It is only days before the enemy has enough resources to go forward. The Atlanteans know the enemy will have to go through Halotropolis first to completely take Atlantis. Because of this, the City of God has made excellent fortifications to reinforce their defenses. If the enemy bypasses Halotropolis, the Atlanteans can take their enemy on both sides and out-flank them from three sides. The enemy knows it will require everything they have to conquer Atlantis. 
The next day, the bells ring. The Atlantean Great West Wall is no longer under attack. Daygun knows the enemy will amalgamate at the East Wall. The Continental Alliance leaves five-hundred-thousand men to keep Persephone and Quentoris from attacking their rear. 
Daygun understands that nearly ten-million enemy warriors will be at the walls of Halotropolis. The circumstances are overwhelming for the new Atlantean Emperor. Millions of lives are in his hands. As leader to his people, Daygun has no answers about what to do next. From his standpoint, the rest of the people on the continent are primitive; he concludes that those people are not ready for what the Atlanteans can offer. Most of the continent’s inhabitants live in small groups, and do not fathom the importance of technology. The Atlanteans believe in the power of one God, but the people on the continent do not understand how one God can do everything. The concept is incomprehensible to them. 
Daygun calls all generals and admirals to meet in the Atlantean Military Hall; he hates the Eastern World for causing the death of his father. Although Atlantean technology helps people in other empires, they respond with violence and hatred. The Ladoneans showed some honor by giving back Ryeland’s division, but still betrayed the Atlantean Empire. He is furious and wants them destroyed. The main strength of the Atlantean Empire is their navy, and Daygun plans to use it to the upmost advantage. 
At the Atlantean Military Hall, Daygun says, “We haven’t yet been attacked by sea. We must scout our waters. Our antagonist is waiting for something at the Great East Wall, and we must find out what they are waiting for. If the enemy is close to Halotropolis, their navy will land there with new supplies. Send ships to the northern part of the Eastern Atlantean Sea. We will find every ship of the Eastern World there.”
Admiral Ashastonous is Supreme Commander of the Atlantean fleet. He is third in command of all Atlantean generals. At six feet tall, slender, with a short beard, he responds, “How can you be so sure, Sire?”
Daygun shakes his head and says, “Our enemy has a great deal of momentum right now. Why did our enemy pause? I don’t think the enemy’s main supply lines are going to be brought over land. Supplies must be sent by sea. The enemy armies at the Great West Wall are regrouping with the East. Think of the numbers they have coming toward us; they will need a great deal of provisions. Because the terrain from the continent to our empire is very difficult to traverse, I believe most supplies will come by ship.”
Admiral Ashastonous salutes Daygun and replies, “I will destroy every ship that comes near our shores.”
Daygun says, “Protect both sides of the peninsula. Use our scout ships to find the enemy. You will not have to look very hard.” 
Admiral Ashastonous replies eagerly, “Assembling our fleets together will take two days. I will start at once by putting Vice Admiral Radious in charge of the Western Atlantean Sea.”
Daygun looks straight at Ashastonous and says, “Based on what our spies have told me, the Ladoneans and Sabatheans will march approximately one week. I have a feeling they will be resupplying by sea in four days. The next few days are crucial. Our navy is stronger than all navies in the world combined. There is no navy that can defeat us. The Ladoneans must have made a strong navy, but they don’t know of our battlecruisers, which have been made in total secret.”
Ashastonous asks, “What if we are wrong, What if they have taken our technology in ship building and implemented it in their navy, Sire?”
Daygun says, “If I’m wrong, we’re all dead. This is the only way they can reinforce their army right now. If not, our enemy would have already attacked Halotropolis. Order every civilian ship to start evacuating the sick and injured warriors from the peninsula to our stronghold at the delta.”
After the meeting, Ashastonous prepares his fleet to embark eastward, and Vice Admiral Radious rides to Vasic to gather his battle group.
The enemy from the West Wall is almost to the breach at the Atlantean Eastern defense. Daygun knows they are waiting for something, but what?

Chapter XXIX
The Atlantean Fleet

At the Atlantean capital, Admiral Ashastonous boards his flagship and inspects the heavy battlecruiser, feeling very confident about what is ahead of him. The Atlanteans need a victory, and their sailors are committed to fight to the death for their empire.
If Ashastonous loses, or cannot find the enemy before they reinforce their supplies, the war will be lost. The Admiral believes the key to saving the Empire lies in his hands. When negotiations began between the two superpowers, Ashastonous witnessed enemy ships inside the capital’s harbor, but is unaware of their numbers and battle tactics. The Admiral does not know enough about his enemy, but will go to sea and defend his beaches the best way possible. 
Within the last ten months, seven new Atlantean destroyers have been built, giving the fleet eighty-five destroyers, ten cruisers, and two massive battlecruisers. Almost one-hundred ships will fight and protect Atlantis’ shores. With new ships, the Atlanteans are ready to see how their navy will fare in battle 
To the Atlantean north, the Kyrenians’ and Mantineians’ navies are very weak, having almost nothing that can impose a threat to the peninsula. Their only way to attack Atlantis is to sail through the Atlantean Western Sea. Atlantean spies have seen their ships and are not afraid of a sea battle with these two empires. Because the Mantineians’ and Kyrenians’ harbors are so distant, they will take days to reach the shores of Atlantis. Ashastonous is sending more scout ships to the Western Atlantean Sea to search the waters, in case of any surprises.
Because of distance, the enemy will be unable to outflank the three-hundred-fifty Atlantean scout ships scouring the Eastern and Western Seas. Atlantean scouts will spot the enemy days before nearing the peninsula. In that amount of time, the Atlantean Navy can concentrate their forces to intercept any fleet sailing toward their homeland. Ashastonous does not think the West Atlantean Sea will be the main thrust of an amphibious attack, so he concentrates the main forces to the East. 
At Vasic, Vice Admiral Radious prepares for battle. He will use forty military cargo ships, converting them to protect the West. Ashastonous gives the Vice Admiral the other heavy battlecruiser and the new seven destroyers in order to strengthen his weak side. 
Over the years, the city of Vasic has stockpiled ship catapults and giant crossbows. Every man, woman, and child in the city help in the war effort. Other than military personnel, children carry arrows to the warships and civilian women help in the placement of navy artillery to retrofit the cargo ships. 
Atlantean cargo ships are not armored as well as the destroyers, but are similar in body-style. Their hulls are thicker, to support the weight of land artillery and cavalry. For speed, the ships’ sails are larger to help compensate. The converted crafts are slower if there is little wind, and the sides of these ships are thin. If an enemy catapult projectile hits the sides of the military ships, the bombardment can inflict heavy damage. 
On the East Atlantean Sea, Ashastonous sets sail. The fleet will congregate ninety-five miles east of Halotropolis. The City of God is thirty miles from the Eastern beach and thirty-five miles southeast from the Great East Wall. On land, the Continental Alliance is ten miles deep into the Atlantean Empire, but the enemy does not move. This is where Daygun thinks the enemy will try to bring supplies in by sea.
When Ashastonous arrives to his destination, he waits. The scout ships report to their commander that they have found nothing suspicious. Every twenty minutes, Ashastonous receives an update. There are many islands in the area, each a part of the Atlantean Empire and with eyes for the Eastern Fleet. If anything is sighted, the Atlantean towers on the island will be ablaze. The towers can be seen twenty miles. When ignited, the Atlantean scout ship will know there is trouble and inform their Admiral. 
Ashastonous envisions the enemy’s navy like a herd of wild horses stampeding toward his empire. He knows they will not be as organized as his fleet. The Atlantean battle group will attack as one. Ashastonous plans to take out their supply ships first. If he sinks their provisions, the Ladoneans’ war machine will quickly crumble. The Continental Alliance needs to resupply their warriors on the Atlantean mainland. 
During the night, Ashastonous sails toward Atlantean islands, on which there is no sign of the enemy. Nothing is happening yet, but why? Ashastonous looks at the bright full moon, and wonders if the enemy is looking at the same object in the sky, awaiting battle. 
Atlantean fleet captains are on-board the flagship for a late dinner with the Admiral to discuss battle tactics. The dining area can easily accommodate ninety people. The woodwork and craftsmanship are equal to that of the Ladoneans’. 
All captains eat slowly, as if this could be their last meal. Because no one knows what they may fight against, the Atlantean captains have no concrete battle plans. The men under Ashastonous’ command are not afraid of fighting or dying, but do fear the unknown.
After dinner, Ashastonous stands and says, “We are here to fight the enemy. Our scout ships see nothing, but our antagonists are coming. We have almost one-hundred ships. Tomorrow, we might fight one-hundred ships, or one-thousand. As brothers of war, we may die, or grieve for our fellow shipmates. I look at everyone here, and know this may be the last time I see your faces. We are Atlanteans, and we have been trained for this moment. The enemy may defeat us on land, but not at sea. If we work and fight together, despite fear of dying, we will be victorious. Each step in life is hard, and each following step is harder than the one before. Life is comprised of challenges, but this challenge will make or break our empire. Mark my words: the enemy doesn’t know what’s going to hit them.”
The night continues as Atlantean captains, who have been friends for years, discuss everything except what can happen the next day. Everyone wants to go into this with a clear head and let their instincts dictate the battle. No one knows what to expect, but every officer has complete confidence in Ashastonous’ leadership. Because the captains have to wake up at daybreak, all depart before midnight and return to their ships. 

Chapter XXX
An Unknown Hero

Patrolling the Western Sea, Atlantean scout ships locate the enemy fleet sailing toward the peninsula. The Vice Admiral takes his heavy battlecruiser, seven new destroyers, and forty converted military cargo ships, and sets course to intercept. The Kyrenians and Mantineians are indeed planning a landing on the west side of Atlantis. The enemy ships are only twenty miles northwest from Radious’ fleet. A lieutenant from an Atlantean scout ship boards the flagship, salutes Radious, and says, “There are fifty-six ships about the size of our destroyers. Behind them are ninety-seven transport and supply ships. Within the convoy are ten more war vessels. What are your orders, Sir?”
Radious replies, “Our enemy must be trying to outflank our men stationed at the Great West Wall… These are my orders. When we come upon the enemy warships, my flagship will break away immediately before engaging. All destroyers will break left with me as we try to lure a portion of enemy destroyers to follow my fleet. While seeming to be sailing around the engagement, the enemy will try to protect their convoy and follow me and our destroyers. Our antagonists will split up. Half of our converted cargo ships will engage the main charge from the enemy, and the other half will follow the enemy pursuing the flagship. When the enemy is divided, I will then turn my ships around and wreck havoc. Go, Lieutenant; tell the rest of the fleet.”
The orders spread to Radious’ captains, and the Atlantean sailors prepare for battle. 
On the horizon, Radious studies the enemy fleet; he rushes to the front of his flagship. The Vice Admiral looks at his fleet’s formation, knowing his ships are in position. 
Radious yells to his captain, “All ships, full ahead!” 
Flags rise from the Atlantean heavy battle cruiser, ordering the fleet to sail forward. As all sailors assume their posts, the sails rise higher and the oarsmen pull faster. The noise of the waves intensifies as the Atlantean fleet increases speed. The Kyrenians’ and Mantineians’ destroyers sail toward the Atlanteans head-on with fifty-six warships. Three miles before the engagement, the Atlantean flagship and elite destroyers break left. Almost half of the enemy ships follow the heavy battle cruiser, just as Radious predicted. 
Two miles before the original engagement is to take place, half of the Atlantean cargo ships break off and follow the enemy pursuing the Atlantean flagship. Radious runs to the rear of the ship to witness the enemy fleet following. Out of nowhere, the flagship’s captain orders his men to turn around.
Radious yells at his captain, “Keep going; pull the enemy further.”
Where the original battle was going to take place, twenty Atlantean cargo ships confront twenty-eight enemy destroyers. The main Atlantean sea battle is commanded by Holtair. Both navies fire artillery and ram each other. Radious can hear the crackling of wood, thundering from the distance. 
At the main engagement, Atlanteans concentrate on the oars and sails of the enemy ships, firing rounds of artillery. Atlantean projectiles are far superior to those of the enemy ships. Holtair’s fleet is able shoot their artillery twice as fast. Even though the enemy ships have more weaponry aboard, the training and superior artillery are in favor of the Atlanteans. 
During the first engagement, Holtair sees two enemy ships stationary, firing on one of his disabled warships. Both ships are too busy to notice anything other than the kill. Holtair points at the front of his ship and yells, “Full-speed to that engagement. Fire dead center of their formation. Save our ship before we have no choice but to rejoin the rest of our battle group.” 
Simultaneously, Holtair’s ship rams the oars of one enemy destroyer and fires projectiles at the other. Both enemy vessels return fire, damaging the Commander’s ship in the crossfire. The tactic allows the other Atlantean crippled cargo ship to escape from certain destruction. 
In the first round of ship-to-ship combat, Holtair’s vessel is somewhat damaged, but still operational. The Atlanteans and enemy ships regroup, and another battle begins as both fleets gain speed for ramming. The battle goes quickly before all ships have to turn around again for another run. 
On the second engagement, six of the enemy ships are sinking or on fire and three of the Atlanteans’ ships are on their way to the ocean floor. The enemy convoy realizes that their escort is in trouble, and flees to the north. Holtair sees Commander Davin’s ship close by and moves toward his vessel. From his deck, Holtair yells at Davin, “Take your battle group and take out our main objective. Attack that convoy!” 
Davin yells back, “I cannot leave. You will have ten ships against twenty-one. You will be destroyed within thirty minutes!” 
Holtair commands, “That is an order!” 
Seven Atlantean ships leave the main engagement under Davin’s command, pursuing the enemy convoy. Holtair’s battle group starts their third run. He must keep the twenty-one enemy ships from either going after Radious, or after Davin’s fleet. 
With fewer ships, the next engagement goes poorly for the Atlanteans. Holtair loses three ships, and the enemy loses four. The Atlanteans fight on.
A lieutenant aboard the flagship runs to Radious. The officer salutes the Vice Admiral and says desperately, “We must turn around and assist Holtair. Our forces at the main engagement can’t take much more.”
Radious replies, “If we turn around now, we will lose our main objective. Holtair is an Atlantean warrior and he will die honorably. I will see him in the next life, applauding as I walk toward him to hug as a brother-of-war.” 
After another engagement, the enemy destroys the rest of Holtair’s fleet, but the Atlantean Commander takes seven enemy ships out of action. From the first original battle, the rest of the enemy ships set sail toward the Atlantean heavy battlecruiser. 
Holtair’s disabled fleet tries to save Atlantean warriors floating in the water. While attempting to keep his ship afloat, Holtair can see Davin’s fleet moving closer to the enemy convoy on the horizon. 
Radious marches to the stern of the flagship and tells his captain, “Raise our flags and order our destroyers to assist our seven ships sailing after the convoy!” 
Because of the distance between the Atlantean destroyers and Davin’s fleet, Davin will reach the enemy convoy first. Radious then orders the flagship to turn around to attack the twenty-eight enemy ships pursuing him. He also has ten enemy ships sailing toward him from the main sea battle, which destroyed Holtair’s fleet. 
The remaining twenty Atlantean military cargo ships, commanded by Prowless, attack their enemy from the rear. The enemy ships turn around to attack in response. The second sea battle begins with the Atlantean flagship sailing full speed toward the battle. After the first run, the Atlantean cargo ships disable six enemy ships, but lose eight of their own. Radious is moving closer to the sea battle, while the Mantineians’ and Kyrenians’ ships prepare for another attack against Prowless’ fleet.
Radious yells to the captain, “Prepare the artillery. Fire dead-center on our enemy and then fire to our stern and destroy their main thrust.” 
As the enemy attacks, Radious’ flagship enters the battle. The Atlantean heavy battlecruiser turns her thirty-six giant crossbows on their enemy. All flagship archers bow their weapons. Radious yells, “Fire!” 
Bombardment from the Atlantean flagship is overwhelming. From the first round, three enemy destroyers are disabled or sinking before the enemy even knows the Atlantean heavy battlecruiser is battle-ready or in range. This is the first time the Atlantean flagship has seen combat, and the power of such a warship on the open seas is better than Vice Admiral expected.
Enemy destroyers attack the Atlantean cargo ships as if the Atlantean flagship is not even there. Radious continues sinking enemy ships, while losing more of his own fleet. Because of so much confusion, Prowless’ fleet becomes divided and unable to go on the offensive. The Atlantean flagship blasts artillery and archers launch arrows onto enemy ships. The disabled Atlantean cargo ships limp to the flagship for protection.
Radious sees that only eighteen enemy destroyers operational. The Kyrenians’ and Mantineians’ destroyers regroup for another run. The enemy Admiral has ordered his captains to destroy Prowless’ fleet at any cost. 
Combat recommences. The Atlantean cargo ships know they are outgunned, but still attack their adversary. Because the enemy destroyers are concentrating only on the Atlantean cargo ships, the Atlantean heavy battlecruiser destroys ten enemy vessels; but the enemy disables or sinks most of Prowless’ fleet. Ten enemy ships from the main attack reach the sea battle and wreak havoc on the remaining Atlantean cargo ships outside the protection of Radious’ heavy battle cruiser. However, the flagship and the rest of Prowless’ fleet cripple any thought of another offensive by their adversary. The remaining enemy fleet retreats. The Atlantean flagship was able to repel most attackers, but sustains damage. 
Most of Prowless’ fleet is sinking, and the remainder of his fleet is on rescue operations. Hundreds of Atlanteans are swimming from sinking and burning ships. Radious could not reach his fleet in time for a decisive battle. Only Davin’s fleet, Herous’ destroyers, and the flagship continue. They are the only ships left from the Atlantean fleet to attack the enemy convoy. After seeing what damage is done, the Atlanteans’ heavy battlecruiser sets course to destroy their main objective.
Reaching the convoy, Commander Davin starts his attack. The enemy supply and transport ships have some artillery, but are very slow. The Atlanteans attack the enemy’s oars, and use projectiles to set the enemy convoy on fire. The attack is well-executed. No Atlantean cargo ship is sunk on the initial run, but all Atlantean ships take damage. Thousands of arrows are shot at Davin’s task force, killing hundreds of warriors on deck. The enemy arrows are able to speed through portals, hitting Atlantean oarsmen. Officers have to discard the dead and assist in rowing. 
During the first run of Davin’s attack, six enemy troop ships are damaged and on fire. He orders the remainder of his military cargo ships to attack enemy destroyers that stayed behind to protect their convoy. After the offensive, Davin’s fleet disables three enemy warships; however, his fleet has only three ships able to fight on. 
Although the Atlantean flagship is drawing nearer, it will still take some time, and time is something that Davin does not have. The seven Atlantean destroyers are only fifteen minutes away from the enemy convoy.
Enemy destroyers regroup and sail full-speed to attack the last of the Atlantean military cargo ships still operational. Davin’s remaining warships are outmatched and overwhelmed. The enemy destroyers fire their projectiles. Even though Davin’s fleet is damaged, they take on one more enemy destroyer and cripple another warship. Eventually, all the Atlantean military cargo ships are compromised. Davin’s ship is sinking, but everyone under his command fires every last piece of artillery at the four enemy destroyers, annihilating one.
At a distance, the men on the Atlantean destroyers see Commander Davin using a bow and arrow, firing at the enemy. Davin is not doing this to be heroic; he is doing this by a rush of pure adrenaline. The commander will go down as the unknown hero of the battle. This swells the morale of the men on Atlantean destroyers and they lay right into the enemy, defeating the last of enemy warships. 
As the convoy flees, the Atlanteans regroup. The remaining Atlantean fleet picks up the men from Davin’s task force, and Commander Davin climbs aboard Herous’ destroyer. 
In haste, the Atlantean destroyers come alongside the flagship and sail toward the enemy convoy, which is still on the run. When Radious’ fleet reaches the enemy, the Atlanteans use all artillery munitions, destroying thirty-nine enemy supply and transport ships. However, fifty-eight enemy ships escape and sail toward Atlantis. Because an enemy supply ship rammed into the Atlantean flagship earlier, the mighty vessel cannot continue. The Atlantean destroyers are also crippled in the water. Because of all the damage, Atlanteans are unable to keep pace with the enemy fleet, and they continue their course to Atlantis. The Atlanteans have fought all day, and are without ammunition. 
Radious sends scout ships to the shores of Masaba to inform his fatherland of the situation. There are no more Atlantean destroyers in their harbors to be deployed to engage the enemy, and the Atlantean East Fleet cannot reach the enemy convoy in time. The Atlantean adversary will hit the beaches in two days. The scout ship will reach the shores of Atlantis in nineteen hours. Once the scout ship reaches the beach, the Atlanteans have only twenty-nine hours to prepare and attack.
Radious feels as if he has failed Atlantis. Despite the shortcomings, the Vice Admiral still has three destroyers, four Atlantean military cargo ships, and his flagship. They all limp back to Vasic for repairs. 

Chapter XXXI
The Armada

The day Radious engages his enemy, the sun is at its highest point; the Eastern Atlantean sea is calm. An Atlantean outpost on the far reaches of their island territories spots the Ladonean fleet. The armada is nothing like the Atlanteans have ever seen: scouts climb the tallest hill on the island to see its full scope. The island towers burn high, relaying urgency of what they are witnessing. A scout ship docks at the island and obtains information needed for Ashastonous. 
Hours later, the messenger reaches the Admiral’s Fleet. After he climbs aboard the flagship, he marches to Ashastonous and says, “The enemy has ships similar to ours. The Ladonean navy has two-hundred-twenty-five destroyers, twenty-five cruisers, and three heavy battlecruisers. Also over six-hundred supply and troop ships are sailing toward Atlantis. They are on a different course than we anticipated, but we can intercept them by mid-day tomorrow.” 
Ashastonous responds, “Daygun was right about supplies being moved by sea. We now know what we are up against. From our spies’ reports, the Sabathean, Mantineian, and Kyrenian empires are the main aggressors on land. The Ladoneans are contributing their navy to that coalition. In so doing, their presence on the mainland is limited. I have a feeling the Ladoneans are the ones dictating this war.” Admiral Ashastonous orders his captain to pull the flags for an emergency meeting aboard his flagship. 
Within an hour, the captains are aboard the flagship, standing at attention in military protocol, awaiting orders. Ashastonous walks slowly out of his quarters and looks at his officers.
Ashastonous says, “The Ladoneans have stolen our ship technology. We have found the enemy fleet, with more ships than we can count. If I was another admiral, I would say we need to go home. Our enemy has more destroyers and cruisers than we do, and the Ladonean fleet has three heavy battlecruisers about the size of this vessel. We will fight our enemy and let our training take charge. They will have no choice but to fight. Let us give them the opportunity. I have complete confidence in everyone here. I need say no more. Go to your ships and prepare for battle.”
No one stays to ask questions. All captains board personal transport boats back to their ships. Every ship sets sail to intercept the enemy.
The Atlantean ships are faster than the Ladonean fleet. When Melercertis docked in the Atlantean harbor, Ashastonous observed the enemy ships. Hulls of the enemy vessels are thicker to absorb damage; in battle, thicker armor can be an asset or a disadvantage. In the impending battle, both navies will know which way they should have taken in designing their ships: slow with a great deal of protection, or fast with fewer safeguards.
The next day the two fleets approach one another. The Ladoneans’ scout ships located the Atlantean fleet the previous day, and also set sail on intercept course. The Ladonean armada is cresting the horizon. Ashastonous is on the bridge with his captain. Looking at his captain, Ashastonous asks, “Are you afraid of what is coming at us?” 
The captain responds, “Every captain in our fleet believes in you. If you give us the opportunity, we will give our lives for our empire with your leadership.”
The Admiral walks to the front of his ship to see the full details of the enemy armada advancing. He sees the fear in his men’s faces as he turns around. Ashastonous takes a deep breath, then in a load confident voice says, “These ships are about to attack our homeland. We are small in numbers compared to those we face. We are Atlanteans and the best navy in the world. We will go forward and destroy our adversary. We will face death or victory. I want everyone to think on this: how can any man fear an enemy who wants to take everything away from him?”
His men are encouraged and cheer for the Admiral. Everyone rushes to their positions, despite being outnumbered. The enemy navy is so large the Atlanteans will be surrounded after the initial attack. Ashastonous does not know if all enemy ships will attack or if half will stay to delay them. The enemy supply ships are four miles behind their military escort. 
Every enemy warship sails toward Ashastonous’ fleet, away from their convoy. Understanding that the Atlantean fleet is about to be surrounded, the Atlantean Admiral orders his fleet into a defensive circle. Like clock work, all Atlantean ships row in formation. Within the circle, four cruisers and twenty destroyers will stay in reserve. The rest of the fleet will face out, posing a threat in all directions. Layers within layers of Atlantean ships are within the defensive configuration. The Ladoneans are not sure how to attack this kind of battle maneuver. They only know to push forward with their overwhelming numbers. 
The Ladoneans attack. Atlantean cruisers engage the larger ships; Atlantean destroyers work as a team, striking their antagonist like venomous snakes. The artillery from Ashastonous’ fleet correlates projectiles for maximum destruction. As the Ladoneans attack, enemy ships catch fire and are dead in the water. Each Atlantean cruiser fires at the enemy in a crossfire then repeats the action. Atlantean destroyers finish what the cruisers begin. 
Ashastonous’ heavy battlecruiser is dead center in the defensive Atlantean circle. On the flagship are thirty-six giant crossbows and thirty-six catapults. Each projectile can devastate an enemy destroyer. On deck of the flagship are also five-hundred archers for close combat. 
On the initial attack, two enemy heavy battlecruisers begin breaking through Ashastonous’ defensive line. The Atlantean flagship and cruisers are overpowering the rest of the enemy fleet. Because Ashastonous’ flagship towers over his cruisers, his artillery correlates with them and concentrates on the two enemy heavy battlecruisers. Atlanteans’ training against aggressors is becoming evident. 
Within ten minutes, both enemy heavy battlecruisers are damaged. Two Atlantean cruisers and the flagship catch the enemy heavy battlecruisers in a cross-fire. Both massive enemy ships have no option other than a full retreat from the first engagement. While the heavy battlecruisers are withdrawing, Ashastonous’ ship fires a large round boulder from its catapult at one of the massive ships. The projectile knocks a large hole in the fleeing ship’s water-line and it sinks quickly. All enemy ships break away from the attack.
From the first Ladonean offensive, the Atlantean flagship damages every enemy ship that nears her. Some Ladonean destroyers attempt a suicide mission, trying to ram the Atlantean heavy battle cruiser, but are unable to penetrate its hull. The enemy destroyers haven’t the speed to effectively ram the Atlantean flagship. 
In the middle of the Atlantean defensive circle, supply ships deliver projectiles to the fleet. It is a dangerous task because each small ship has no protection. Hundreds of small boats dock within their task force; each projectile is raised by rope to the deck of each ship. 
Ashastonous’ ship drops anchor, simultaneously stabilizing the massive fortress in the water. The flagship will stand its ground. In so doing, the ship is completely stationary, improving accuracy of the artillery. 
To his captain, the Atlantean Admiral says, “Raise the flags to tell our ships to remain in formation and on the defensive. We are making our enemy guess; by guessing, they will make a mistake. When that mistake happens, we will destroy our adversary.”
The second engagement begins, with the Atlantean ships in tight formation. The fight lasts twenty-five minutes, and only eight Atlantean destroyers are damaged. Little damage is done to the Atlantean cruisers. Ashastonous’ fleet is still surrounded, but the Ladoneans retreat again to regroup. The Ladonean Navy has lost one flagship, six battlecruisers, and forty destroyers in little over two hours. 
From the enemy flagship, a white-and-red-striped flag rises, meaning the Ladoneans want to rescue sailors from the sinking ships; Ashastonous agrees to a short ceasefire. The Atlantean Navy will have time to regroup. The damaged Atlantean ships enter the middle of the circle and dump as many munitions as possible before sinking. Ashastonous is trapped, and cannot be resupplied from Atlantis.
Ashastonous observes the enemy supply and transport ships anchor at a distance. They are going to wait on their warships for protection. The Atlantean Admiral is surprised that the enemy ships have not set sail for Atlantis, and thinks that he has saved Atlantis for a while longer. 
The ceasefire ends. The enemy fleet moves back two miles from the Atlantean fleet to regroup. Ladonean cruisers and two heavy battlecruisers move into formation. They are using their heaviest ships to hit one side of the Atlantean defensive perimeter, making an entry way for their destroyers. Fifteen enemy cruisers are in a spearhead formation, aiming at the west side of the Atlantean circle. 
Ashastonous speculates about what his enemy is doing and shouts to his captain, “Order five cruisers to the west, alongside my flagship. Order the most damaged destroyers to build a wall in front of their cruisers to slow their progress.” 
The order is obeyed. From the damaged destroyers, men abandon ship in the center of the circle, and a skeletal crew sails the damaged destroyers out to their positions. These ships form a line, and anchor for the last time. There are only five Atlantean destroyers, but they will save more than the Atlanteans are about to give. With the destroyers in position, the reserves are brought out to be aligned with the Atlantean flagship. Each archer and artillery personnel from the cruisers and flagship wait until the enemy is within range. 
By using the five damaged destroyers, no reserves are available to protect the Atlantean rear. If the Ladoneans break through, the Atlanteans will lose. Ashastonous understands this as an all or nothing risk. The whole battle will be decided at this moment.
The Atlantean flagship turns all its artillery west. Five Atlantean battlecruisers are in position. The bulk of the Atlantean cruisers are highly defended in a ninety-degree angle for maximum firepower from their artillery. The Atlantean cruisers and flagship will fire all of their artillery simultaneously. 
The enemy attacks, and hundreds of Atlantean artillery projectiles fly toward their enemy. In the middle of the attack, Ladoneans break off from the bombardment, and five enemy cruisers sink within minutes.

Chapter XXXII
Time is the Enemy

Admiral Ashastonous is contemplating the right time for his ships to break out and go on the offensive. His enemy is confused and Ashastonous wants to capitalize on their discord to effectively attack. 
The Atlantean fleet counters at the most vital time of the battle. Ashastonous moves his flagship to encounter both heavy battlecruisers coming toward him. His men row valiantly toward their objective, catching the massive ships off-guard.
The Atlantean Admiral runs to the flag station onboard his ship, shouting, “Raise the flags for our ships to go on the offensive! The enemy is totally confused.”
Four Atlantean battlecruisers and fifteen destroyers exit the circle for a full-scale attack. Two Atlantean destroyers are ordered to sacrifice their ships, and ram the two remaining enemy heavy battlecruisers. The Atlantean destroyers follow orders, angling to hit the enemy’s massive ships where the hulls are their weakest. Hitting hard, both Atlantean destroyers knock a large hole in their targets; one enemy heavy battlecruiser starts to sink, and the Atlantean cruisers concentrate their firepower to finish it off. 
The other Atlantean destroyer has rammed deep into the last Ladonean flagship and cannot free itself. The men on the Atlantean destroyer row back with all their strength, but to no avail. Those on board the enemy battlecruiser take revenge and rain arrows on the Atlantean destroyer. The Atlantean Admiral watches while his men are being slaughtered.
Outraged, Ashastonous decides to ram the Atlantean destroyer, which is still wedged inside that last enemy vessel. Because the enemy ship is not sinking, the Atlantean heavy battle cruiser smashes into its own destroyer in the rear, and hammers it farther into the enemy ship. With the devastating impact, the men of the Atlantean destroyer start abandoning ship. Ashastonous’ archers provide cover, taking revenge on the enemy archers who just killed their brothers-of-war. The enemy ship is doomed and begins submerging. The enemy sailors from the heavy cruiser abandon ship, but the archers of the Atlantean flagship do not give them a chance to reach safety. One of the people abandoning the enemy flagship is the Admiral of the Ladonean fleet. He is hit with an arrow before he can jump into the water and dies instantly. The saved Atlantean sailors climb aboard their flagship and grab bows to continue fighting for their empire. 
Ashastonous’ offensive is succeeding. While the Atlantean destroyers keep their enemy out of the defense circle, the enemy’s hope of taking the Atlantean fleet is fading. The enemy cannot penetrate the Atlantean fortification to break their formation. Even the ships at the rear of the Atlantean circle are standing their ground. 
Two hours before sunset, the enemy has lost all but fifteen cruisers in six hours of fighting. The enemy destroyers are depleted as well. Eight fully operational enemy cruisers regroup with thirty destroyers, once again charge the Atlantean fleet. During the battle, the Atlanteans concentrate on the enemy cruisers, crippling them all. After the short offensive, the enemy cruisers begin limping out of range of Atlantean artillery.
Ashastonous yells to his captain, “Order four cruisers to attack the retreating ships. We will destroy their morale right now.”
The Atlantean cruisers chase the eight enemy cruisers like wolves in a winter forest. Because the Atlanteans were stationary most of the day, their oarsmen are rested; but their enemy is exhausted. Speed is now the key in this sea battle. The Atlanteans sink one damaged enemy ship at a time. This is a mighty blow to the morale of the Ladonean Navy. After their offensive, the Atlantean ships return to a defensive formation. The enemy regroups for another attack.
The Atlanteans lose a total of thirty-two destroyers. Ashastonous has thirty-four fully operational destroyers left, and twelve impaired. Only three Atlantean battlecruisers are damaged. The enemy has seven lightly damaged battlecruisers and one-hundred-twenty-eight destroyers still in operation. 
Before the fourth engagement, the enemy appoints Vice Admiral Zanteara to take over the battle. Using the of his battle fleet, Zanteara takes the rest of his battle fleet and attacks the Atlantean Navy any way he can, understanding he cannot return to Melercertis defeated. He orders the supply and transport ships to sails forward to Atlantis. Zanteara will slow the Atlanteans to give his convoy a head start. 
Several Atlantean scout ships are ordered by Ashastonous to follow the Ladonean armada. The Atlantean scout ships are faster than the enemy destroyers and able to avoid the next conflict. These ships cannot do much damage, but can keep the enemy in sight for their warships to follow.
The remaining scout ships are ordered to the nearest dock for more munitions. The journey will take some time, but the Admiral has told them to meet him at a specific point from their shores where the enemy may land. In calculating time and distance, Ashastonous has a small window of opportunity.
On the fourth round of attack, the Atlanteans go on a full-scale offensive. They have to intercept the enemy supply and transport ships prior to their reaching the shores of Atlantis. The enemy has about an hour head-start, and darkness comes soon. Ashastonous knows there will be a full moon, but finding the enemy in the dark will be difficult, even with his scout ships following. Waves of the sea will hide their enemy. In the middle of the fourth battle, Atlantean Admiral also orders his destroyers and supply ships to pursue the enemy supply and transport ships.
Two hours into the fourth engagement, only three Ladonean cruisers remain to fight the Atlanteans, and Zanteara cannot fight any longer. The battle has essentially been decided. The enemy has only twenty fully-functional destroyers remaining, and sixty-two others damaged. The Atlantean flagship and battlecruisers are showing no weaknesses. With another attack, the Atlanteans will destroy the enemy completely. Zanteara stops the attack, ordering a retreat back to his homeland. The Ladonean Admiral has to retain the remaining navy. The rest of the enemy warships are on fire or at the bottom of the sea. Zanteara has done all he can, allowing his supply and transport ships to have a head start on the Atlantean fleet. 
Admiral Ashastonous sees the enemy warships trying to retreat, and orders his fleet to let them go. While enemy rescues many of their warriors from the water, Ashastonous chases the enemy supply and transport ships that have escaped him. In fifteen hours, the enemy armada will reach the Atlantean beaches. 
The Atlantean supply ships reach the enemy three hours after sunset. They have little ammunition and destroy only twenty-five enemy ships. Some of the Atlantean supply ships ram the enemy, attempting to stop them. The rest of the enemy ships continue at full speed toward Atlantis.
Atlantean destroyers reach the enemy about midnight. The enemy loses close to three-hundred-fifty ships during the night. By daybreak, the destroyers are out of ammunition. They sail in front of the enemy fleet to slow them, but the enemy is not deterred. Although the Atlantean warriors aboard the destroyers have been awake for over twenty-four hours and are very exhausted, they know their families and fatherland are in jeopardy. 
The next morning, the Atlantean cruisers are nearer the enemy armada, use their final ammunition, and sink all but two-hundred enemy ships. Ashastonous then orders all cruisers to ram the troop ships. Following that desperate move, the method is damaging the Atlanteans’ massive ships. The Atlantean Admiral orders all his fleet to pull ahead of the enemy ships and meet the scout ships, which will hopefully have ammunition.
Time is an enemy to the Atlanteans. The enemy supply and transport ships keep pushing forward. Ashastonous orders his men to eat, drink, and sleep. The officers take oar and let their warriors rest. 
When the scout ships reach their ports, everyone who can carry ammunition does so and resupplies occur very quickly. In haste, the scout ships return to sea with as many munitions as they can hold. 
The first of the scout ships finally catches up with Ashastonous’ fleet. The ammunition is first laded aboard his ship while the enemy can be seen on the horizon. The Atlantean ships are only half supplied, then ordered to return to the battle. With damaged ships and exhausted sailors, the Atlanteans keep going. There is not enough time to fully supply Ashastonous’ remaining fleet. They must destroy as many of the enemy armada as possible. Hundreds of Atlantean scout ships resupply their fleet. After scrambling for munitions, Ashastonous’ fleet sails quickly between the enemy armada and the Atlantean beaches. 
The Atlantean fleet is only six miles from their beach. From land, the Continental Alliance armies can see their supply and transport ships on the horizon. Atlantean ships use their artillery and attack. Some of the enemy convoy makes it through. Atlantean cruisers and destroyers hit and destroy enemy vessels quickly, but there are simply too many of them. It only takes minutes to destroy an enemy ship, but seventy-two enemy ships escape.
Ashastonous orders his ships back to Vasic. His fleet is damaged from ramming their enemy. The flagship returns to the military port. His destroyers are ordered to finish the enemy convoy that is beached on Atlantean soil. Atlantean cruisers cannot attack because they are too massive and will bottom out so close to the shore. Atlantean destroyers are the only ones that can get close enough to the beaches to destroy their enemy. 
After the Eastern Sea Battle, over eighty percent of the Ladonean Navy is destroyed or damaged. The Atlantean destroyers have done what was asked of them, and return to Vasic feeling good about what has transpired. When the Atlanteans’ fleet reaches Vasic, Atlantean battle scars can be seen by their countrymen. The Atlanteans still have thirty-nine destroyers, five cruisers, and two massive flagships in action. 
These two sea battles have almost destroyed the entire enemy navy in two days. Ashastonous has done his duty as a warrior. The ships of the Ladoneans did their duty as well, but at a very high cost. There will be no other supplies sailing from the enemy’s homeland. Because the enemy can only get supplies by land, their attack against the Atlanteans will be delayed. Daygun has more time to prepare his city-states for the inevitable.

Chapter XXXIII
Hatred toward an Empire

The Atlantean scout ship sent by the Vice Admiral lands at the nearest Atlantean dock west of Masaba. The messenger reaches his destination and informs the Masabaian generals about the enemy supply and transport ships that will land near the Great West Wall. In response, Laptos leads a military force to meet the antagonists. When the Atlanteans arrive, they see the enemy soldiers organizing and unloading supplies. Ten-thousand enemy troops have landed, with two-hundred light and heavy cavalry. If not for the Atlantean Navy, the number of enemy warriors would have been a major threat. 
While the enemy is setting up camp onshore, Laptos rides his mammoth over the hill, followed by the Masabaian cavalry. The Atlanteans dominate the beachhead, and Laptos wins this excursion easily. Defenders of the peninsula lose few military resources, showing that Laptos is becoming a true leader to the army of Masaba.
At battle’s end, the Atlanteans take prisoners. The captives tell the Atlanteans nothing new except for who is leading the Ladoneans into battle. The Mantineian warriors say Ryeland is the Supreme Commander of the Continental Alliance. Laptos orders this to be kept secret. If the Atlantean population learns that a prince of a city-state is involved, the implications could put the Masabaian King in danger. Laptos immediately leaves the battle site, riding directly to the Atlantean capital to speak with Daygun. 
Meanwhile, the Atlanteans are staving off their enemy at the Great West Wall. The Continental Alliance has lost a great deal of resources and men. As more time passes, the Atlanteans have a better chance of ending this peacefully. The Atlantean enemy no longer has a formidable navy, and supplies are merely trickling into the peninsula. 
Three well-fortified Atlantean cities still must be conquered, and none of them will lose without a fight. Except for overtaking the Great East Wall, the enemy has little to show for what they have lost. On the other hand, Ryeland’s involvement with the enemy can hinder attempts at a peaceful negotiation. 
A messenger informs Daygun that Laptos will be in Atlantis shortly. The new Atlantean Emperor assembles his Military Council once more, wondering what can be so imperative for his brother to leave Masaba. Daygun recognizes the enemy still needs to regroup and receive supplies by land. The Continental Alliance cannot attack for at least two weeks. Destroying the Ladonean fleet bought valuable time for the Atlantean civilization.
Looking back, Daygun wishes he had not sent Kaydence to Halotropolis. His wife is in no immediate danger right now, since the enemy is a two-day march to the city. Kaydence is protected by the best warriors of the Atlantean military. Four elite divisions are stationed at Halotropolis, and Daygun is sending more men to reinforce the City of God. 
In Atlantis, all Atlantean ships, including warships, are ordered to help evacuate the population. If a peaceful negotiation is reached, the civilians can return. Despite the Atlanteans’ winning battles, the final outcome still does not look good for the empire. Close to ten-million enemy warriors are pouring into the peninsula, preparing to attack.
Laptos finally arrives at the Atlantean Military Hall and bows to his brother. The generals and military advisors salute Laptos and cheer for his victories. Two years prior, Daygun would not have envisioned his brother as he is now. 
Laptos says, “I am yours. I have been informed of what has transpired. I hope you have received my messages as well.”
Daygun says, “Yes, I have. Ideas are needed for ending this war.”
Laptos says, “This war has taken a toll on our enemy. Now would be a good time to start negotiating for peace. I think I should be the one who begins the process of amity.” 
The idea takes Daygun by surprise and he responds, “You are the only option right now. I think they will respect your victories and listen to what you have to say. I hate putting my own brother in harm’s way, but you are the best choice. Something must be done immediately.” 
Laptos says, “Agreed then. I will send a messenger to our enemy requesting an assembly. There is other news. The prisoners we captured near the beaches close to Great West Wall, say Ryeland is in charge of the assault against our fatherland. I don’t know what to make of that.”
Daygun addresses the council and Laptos, “I grew up with Ryeland. Being a traitor is not in his nature. He must have died on the way to Valtear, and this is a diversion to make us think twice on what to do next.”
Laptos replies, “What our prisoners say doesn’t make sense. How would they know to say that? If what they say is true, Ryeland will know all of Atlantis’ weaknesses. We can use this to our advantage, but first we have to find his whereabouts.”
Later in the Atlantean Military Hall, Daygun concludes the meeting and says to his generals, “I want all Atlantean warriors stationed on our island territories and provinces returned to the peninsula. This will give us two more divisions here to protect our capital. We must have two more elite divisions inside the gates of Halotropolis. We will fight there. We will put fear into our enemy. From our capital, I want all light and heavy cavalry to camp in the mountains near Halotropolis. If negotiations with our enemy do not work toward our advantage, we must destroy as many enemy warriors as possible. In doing so, the enemy will be forced to sue for peace. I also want every ship we have docked in Atlantis to evacuate women and children from the peninsula. We can fight to the death, but our civilization must survive.”
Laptos rushes to the enemy to negotiate for peace under a white flag. The Mantineian Emperor agrees to summit and the Atlanteans ride forward, viewing the true magnitude of the Continental Alliance. Guided by Nextear’s personal guard, the Atlanteans witness millions of men ready to destroy Laptos’ homeland. Nearing a large tent, Laptos is ordered to dismount his horse, and his men to stay outside. 
Laptos walks under the canvas, stands ten feet from Nextear, and says, “Numerous men on both sides have been lost; I hope we can come to an agreement for ending this war.”
Nextear responds, “Our people have hated the Atlanteans for hundreds of years. We have brought every warrior from throughout the continent to destroy your god. The Great War twenty-seven years ago will never be forgotten. In ten days, we will destroy Halotropolis. There will not be any negotiation here. There is no turning back. You have done well in the battles against me and my men. I respect you. Leave while you can.”
Laptos asks, “Why have you allowed me to come here under a truce?”
Nextear answers, “I want to see the leader of my enemy before I destroy him. Go.”
Laptos says, “I understand. What we do in this tent will make history for you and ourselves. There has been too much bereavement already. We will breathe death in the days to come, and this war will contaminate our cultures. The carnage will reek so badly our grandchildren will smell mortality throughout future generations.”
Nextear replies, “I comprehend your concerns for the death of your people. Your empire has gone too far in trying to take my civilization. Your father signed in blood to never attack another empire, but Atlantis did not honor their word. Now, the people of the continent will forever remove the imperialistic nature of your god.”
Laptos knows he is not getting anywhere and says, “I see; but consider what has been said. One last question, if I may? Do you know anything about two Atlantean generals named Ryeland or Acteon?”
Nextear looks the other way and says quickly, “No. Who? Now leave.”
Laptos says, “Thank you for honoring the armistice.” 
Laptos turns away and walks toward his garrison outside the tent. Nextear fears that his enemy now knows about Ryeland. The Mantineian Emperor cannot let the Atlantean Prince return to Atlantis. Suddenly, Nextear orders his guards to kill the Atlantean garrison and Laptos. 
When Laptos starts to mount his horse, Nextear’s guards quickly walk outside with swords drawn. Laptos orders his garrison to dismount their horses. 
Laptos sees two Atlanteans still mounted and yells urgently, “You two ride hard and tell Atlantis what you are witnessing here!” 
Laptos has no time to share his assumption about Ryeland with the two warriors before they hastily ride away. The twelve Atlantean warriors walk away from their horses, waiting with their hands on their swords. When Mantineian guards become very aggressive, Laptos’ men draw their swords. The fighting starts and every Atlantean warrior circles their Prince to protect him at all cost. Nextear’s guards attack Laptos, and the Atlantean Prince puts up a good fight. Swords fly and Mantineian warriors die. Nevertheless, within two minutes Laptos is stabbed in the chest and falls to the ground. The other Atlantean guards fight for their lives, but fall to the same fate. 
Riding as fast as they can, the two Atlantean horsemen reach Halotropolis and inform Kaydence what has happened. The bells sound and Daygun learns that his brother is dead. Within one month, Daygun has lost two family members, and begins to speculate that Ryeland has betrayed his empire.
Persephone is ordered to Masaba to replace Laptos. She is the only one strong enough for such a task. Many changes take place in the Atlantean military to compensate for the losses that have occurred. Daygun organizes a counteroffensive. He will lead the Atlantean light and heavy cavalry close to the City of God: out of sight, inside a valley, near a mountain range. Every creature that can be ridden from the Atlantean capital moves closer to Halotropolis. The new Atlantean Emperor also asks half of the Halotropolian cavalry to meet his army, and Haylos agrees. 
In Atlantis’ harbor, the Atlanteans are evacuating more people from the peninsula. All civilians who cannot fight leave first, yet many women stay behind to fight for their homeland. Because Atlantis is a small empire, everyone has learned the art of war. More ships come from Atlantean provinces, taking away supplies and people. Total evacuation from Atlantis will still take months, but Daygun knows that for every second he holds off his enemy, another Atlantean citizen is saved.

Chapter XXXIV
Small Window of Opportunity

In Daygun’s mind, the Atlanteans’ main objective is to somehow sue for peace. Although the Atlanteans cannot win this campaign, they are hoping to deplete their enemy enough so that the Continental Alliance has no choice but to stop their aggressions.
Daygun has lost a brother and father in this clash, and wants revenge. Despite his hatred of the enemy, he has to find some way to stop the conflict before his civilization is completely wiped out.
The enemy first has to take Halotropolis in order to seize the Atlantean capital, but those who stay in God’s city will fight for their beliefs. Anyone inside the walls, over the age of fifteen, is contributing to the war effort. Women have picked up swords and bows to protect their homes. Cavalry from the Atlantean capital and half of Halotropolis’ are nearby for a counteroffensive.
Early morning, Daygun arrives at the gates of Halotropolis. Warriors cheer as he enters. The new Atlantean Emperor jumps off his giant elk and tells a servant to ask Kaydence to meet him in the Military Hall alone. The servant rushes off to deliver the message. On the way to meet his wife, Daygun answers questions about the counteroffensive to his generals. 
Waiting for her husband in the Military Hall, Kaydence is fully dressed in armor, ready to lead and fight. When Daygun sees her at a distance, tears almost come to his eyes. He is so proud of his wife. She can fight like a man, but comforts him like the best of all Atlantean women.
Kaydence embraces Daygun and says, “I am ready to die with my husband right here in the City of God.”
Daygun shakes his head and replies, “Atlantis cannot take the chance of losing us both. I must lead this fight. If I die protecting my empire, you will be in charge of what’s left of our government.”
Kaydence says, “If I flee, I will be betraying my oath as a warrior.”
Daygun replies, “No… One of us has to leave to preserve our way of life. Halotropolis needs their emperor to lead this fight. The city will be destroyed, but we must cripple the enemy and try to end this war peacefully.”
Kaydence looks down and says, “I understand. You are the Atlantean Emperor, and I will do what you say. Who will take my place?”
Daygun says, “Quentoris is riding from the Great West Wall. He will defend the city to the death. Even though he is a friend, I have to put him in harm’s way.” 
Quentoris enters the city later in the afternoon, and starts preparing the Halotropolian Army for battle. As Daygun and Kaydence depart, the enemy begins marching toward the Holy City. 
Daygun hears the bells, and tells Kaydence to leave the city. She refuses, saying fearlessly, “I will not leave our people here. I cannot go against my oath as a warrior.”
Daygun responds cajolingly, “My brother told me you were the most stubborn woman in the world. He was right, and this is the reason I married you.” 
They smile at one another and prepare for what is to come. Kaydence would rather die here than retreat. She takes her position on the wall; Daygun reluctantly rushes to the Halotropolian gate, mounting his giant elk to join his cavalry hidden in the mountains. On his way out of the City of God, thousands of people cheer as their new emperor leaves to lead the counteroffensive. 
Quentoris, Kaydence, and King Haylos are each in charge of different areas the city; they will give orders when the time is right to put their artillery in full-attack mode. Halotropolis will use their artillery to kill as many men as possible before the enemy can gain control. Over six-hundred-thousand Atlantean warriors and civilians will fight for their beliefs. 
Ten miles before the enemy reaches the City of God, the Continental Alliance splits up. The Mantineian and Kyrenian Empires march toward Masaba; the Sabathean and Ladoneans will stay and attack Halotropolis. This will leave six-million warriors to attack the City of God. Ryeland is dividing his armies so Atlantis will have two fronts. Because Masaba will be bogged down, Atlanteans will be unable to counter with the Masabaian Army. 
The Continental Alliance arrives at the City of God. Halotropolis is surrounded in hours. There will be no escape. Ryeland discusses his objective with Tito and Acteon. He says, “I have to destroy my own people for them to survive. The world will be completely different in future generations. I have to wonder, what are we doing for mankind, for this present generation?”
Tito replies, “Man will regress without Atlantis and advance in the future. Mankind will continuously destroy itself to the end of time.” 
Ryeland is here to conduct the campaign. He does not like what is going on, but has to do the unthinkable. Because of his father, Ryeland cannot take Masaba. The Continental Alliance understands, and says nothing. Nextear takes charge to keep Masaba from countering. The new Ladonean Supreme Commander does not respect his father, but does not want his father dead either. Ryeland will not use his sword to slay his own family, and he asks Nextear to take them captive if possible.
Internally, Ryeland is conflicted. He did not fully understand the ramifications of his actions and oaths while he was in Ladonea, and is starting to regret those decisions. He has good intentions for the survival of his people, trying to save what might remain of his homeland after the invasion. What he is trying to accomplish is a gamble, but Ryeland wants to be considered a hero of Atlantis, not as a destroyer. 
If the Atlanteans win this war, Ryeland’s legacy will be that of a traitor. He does not know the final outcome of this war, but feels that the odds are against Atlantis.
The battle begins, and the enemy rushes the City of God. This is the most important city of the Atlantean religion. Halotropolian artillery and arrows fly over their walls. The Atlantean infantry is outside their gates, defending their kingdom, and the cavalry that stayed behind charges the infiltrators outside the city’s walls. The Continental Alliance’s beasts confront the Halotropolian cavalry, outnumbering the Atlanteans twelve to one. Quentoris’ artillery discharges a barrage of suppressing fire to help protect their mobile forces outside the city, but it is not enough. The City of God’s cavalry is severely beaten, but draws the Ladoneans closer to the walls. The Atlanteans fire artillery at the enemy beasts, putting a large dent in the mammoth formations. The Halotropolian cavalry retreats back through their gates, having suffered heavy losses. Within an hour, one-third of the Halotropolian cavalry is destroyed, while only a fraction of the enemy’s cavalry is lost.
After regrouping, the Ladoneans bring out their weapons which took out the Great East Wall. The tightuses are rolling toward the Holy City in great numbers. The Atlanteans concentrate all their artillery toward the enormous war machines. Over one-hundred-forty tightuses were produced for this campaign, and assembled inside the Atlantean Empire. 
Ryeland decides to use all tightuses and attack only one side of Halotropolis. Tito is in charge of the frontal assault against the City of God. Over seventy siege towers are lined up in formation with seventy more waiting to fill the voids.
Ryeland gives the order, and the tightuses move full speed toward the Halotropolian wall. The majority of the Atlantean infantry rushes to the side of the main assault. Ryeland counters and charges with his cavalry on the opposite side of the city, catching the Atlanteans off-guard. Ryeland’s military strategies are working; he knows the weaknesses and strengths of the Atlanteans and understands how to counter the moves of his former generals. At nightfall, both sides stand down to regroup for the next day. The Ladoneans have won this battle, and the Atlanteans are licking their wounds.
In the meantime, Daygun will wait until the enemy thinks they can take the city completely; then he will attack. The Atlantean Emperor will bide his time until the enemy’s ego is at its highest.
Two hours past nightfall, Daygun’s cavalry captures two Ladonean scouts who betray Ryeland’s location. They know the exact whereabouts of the traitor, and see the possibility of removing him from battle. Daygun gathers his generals inside his tent and says, “Ryeland is twelve miles from here. We will circle around and take him out. The terrain will hide our massive cavalry. He knows the strengths and weaknesses of our empire. Send me a messenger.”
A general responds, “The generals of Halotropolis are waiting for our counteroffensive.”
A messenger enters and Daygun says, “Go through the underground waterway into Halotropolis. It will take you all night to reach the City of God. Tell them we will attack Ryeland’s army and they must create a diversion throughout the day.”
At sunrise, Daygun has no choice but to kill Ryeland, ordering the Atlantean cavalry to prepare to find the traitor. The bells sound from Halotropolis, telling that the Atlantean messenger made it through the waterway 
A Halotropolian division is ordered to begin a major infantry offensive outside the wall to create a distraction for Daygun. As the new Emperor anticipates, the enemy attacks the Atlantean diversionary force. However, the tightuses reach the Atlantean wall as the Holy City is starting to crumble. The Atlantean infantry is holding the enemy back at the moment, but it is only a matter of time before the city is taken. Kaydence fights among her men outside the city. 
Daygun is not certain of Ryeland’s exact location, but rides forward hoping to find him. The new Atlantean Emperor surprises the enemy on the outer edges of the massive Ladonean Army. The Atlanteans know their lands and how to hide behind hills and mountains without being detected. 
Daygun attacks with full force. In the middle of the battle, the Atlanteans take prisoners and interrogate them until they learn where Ryeland is camped. The Atlanteans secure some information and go forward. 
The Ladonean elite infantry rushes toward Ryeland. The enemy knows Daygun is hastening after the Ladonean Supreme Commander. The Atlantean horse cavalry protects their infantrymen who jumped from the heavy cavalry, and their giant-rhino cavalry plows through Ladonean formations. Thousands of Atlantean horsemen rush and pull back, allowing the infantry do their job. The Atlanteans kill at a rate of twenty to one, riding deeper into the Ladonean Army. 
In the middle of the fight, the Atlanteans locate Ryeland’s flag. The traitor is atop a hill overlooking the battlefield, and the Atlanteans rush toward his camp. Ryeland does not retreat; he feels he is right and Daygun must die for his idea to save Atlantis. The new Atlantean Emperor believes Ryeland helped kill his father by attacking the Great East Wall. If the Ladonean Supreme Commander does not stand his ground against Daygun, he will be known as a coward within his new army.
Ryeland sprints to the battlefront without fear; he believes in his cause and stands by his decision. Three divisions of the Ladonean elite come to Ryeland’s aid. The enemy takes some ground and punches a hole into Daygun’s offensive. The Atlanteans have no choice but to fall back. 
Daygun orders his men to regroup. Atlantean mammoths and giant rhinos charge forward, plowing through the enemy lines. The Atlantean light cavalry is right behind Daygun’s main thrust and breaks through. Ryeland tries to reorganizes his infantry, but the Atlantean cavalry is too strong. Daygun catches Ryeland’s men off-guard. The Atlantean Emperor can see where the enemy lines are trying to be reinforced and charges to again break those formations. 
In the middle of the battle, Daygun and Ryeland see each other. Daygun is furious. In the heat of battle, he blames the Ladonean Supreme Commander for his father’s and brother’s deaths. Daygun desires nothing more than to kill his former best friend. At this point, Ryeland is surrounded by Atlanteans, and cannot retreat to the safety of his army. 
Daygun dismounts his mammoth and approaches Ryeland. The Atlantean Emperor feels betrayed; he cannot believe that his best friend would do something of this magnitude. All Ladoneans inside the Atlantean perimeter are losing their lives. More Ladoneans rush to fight the Atlanteans, but Daygun’s offensive has the advantage of terrain, and the enemy is repelled. The Continental Alliance cavalry is on the front lines, attacking Halotropolis. 
Daygun approaches Ryeland, as the Ladonean Supreme Commander also nears. In the background, Ryeland’s men are starting to gain ground. The Atlantean Emperor understands he has a small window of opportunity to fight without interruption.
The bells ring from Halotropolis, informing the new Atlantean Emperor that a wall is being compromised. Daygun is six miles from the city and seven miles from the breach. His window of opportunity is shrinking. He must return to Halotropolis, but Ryeland must first be destroyed. Everyone around the new Atlantean Emperor gives him room to fight the traitor. The Atlantean mammoths are holding the Ladonean infantry at a standstill at Ryeland’s camp; no one would dare intercede in this fight.
Daygun and Ryeland meet with their swords drawn. Ryeland strikes first. They parry blows. With no time to waste, the Atlantean Emperor is very aggressive. During the attack, the Ladonean Supreme Commander counters every move. One minute into the fight, Daygun opens himself up to Ryeland, giving the opportunity of a fast victory, but the maneuver catches the traitor off-guard. Daygun capitalizes on Ryeland’s mistake and slices him in the upper back. It is not a fatal wound, but disables the Atlantean traitor. The Ladonean Supreme Commander falls to his knees, covered in blood. The Atlantean Emperor stabs Ryeland in the back, just as the Atlantean traitor did to his own people. 
Ryeland falls and says, “I’m sorry it came to this, Daygun. I am not what you think. In the afterlife, you will see me as a brother again, and God will let you see my true heart toward our civilization.” 
Daygun replies, “I have lost a father and a brother. Now, I have had to kill my best friend. I still love you as a brother. I will see you in the afterlife and we will talk. I need to understand. Be ready for me, and I will hug you as a brother in the afterlife.”
Ryeland grabs Daygun’s arm, then dies at his feet. Every Atlantean warrior cheers for their emperor. The whole Ladonean Army is stunned by Ryeland’s downfall. Acteon, distracted by witnessing his Commander’s death, loses focus and is killed by an Atlantean arrow. The Ladoneans back off from trying to rescue their dead Supreme Commander. The enemy knows they are defeated. The Atlanteans have cavalry, archers, terrain, and surprise on their side, but Daygun cannot go forward without high casualties.
Daygun orders a full retreat and regroup to hopefully assist Halotropolis. The Atlantean cavalry has lost very little in this battle and conquered their main objective; their infantry lost seven-thousand out of sixteen-thousand men. Now, the Atlantean cavalry is worrying about the City of God. Daygun is thinking of Kaydence, wanting to take her out of the city.

Chapter XXXV
The Holy City

Daygun’s cavalry takes a longer route, rushing toward Halotropolis. The Atlantean Emperor skirts the rocky terrain. He looks with his cavalry over the hill, where he witnesses the full extent of bloodshed. 
Daygun points at the battlefield and says to his generals, “Most of the enemy’s cavalry is on the other side. This is where we need to charge. This is where our enemy is weakest. We will have to fight a mile and a half to be under the protection of the Halotropolian archers. Blow the horn for a full-scale attack.” 
The horns sound, and the Halotropolian warriors see their emperor charging the enemy. Riding full speed, Daygun’s cavalry fights its way through Sabatheans and Ladoneans. The Atlantean giant rhino cavalry charging toward God’s city easily destroying the enemy. On this side of the battlefield, the Continental army does not have the military resources to repel Daygun’s offensive. Most of the enemies’ artillery and cavalry is on the adverse side of the city, attacking the weakest part of the Atlantean city-state. 
A mile deep into the conflict, Daygun pulls back from the fight. He looks at his light cavalry commander and says, “Take seven-thousand light cavalry and fight alongside the Halotropolian walls. Reinforce the Halotropolian infantry outside our gates. Take a strike force under the protection of our archers in Halotropolis and repel the enemy which is taking our weakest point of the city.” 
Quentoris sees Daygun’s cavalry fighting outside the walls and says, “Protect our light cavalry that is pushing forward. Concentrate our artillery ahead of their thrust.” 
The Halotropolian artillery fires their projectiles, giving their light cavalry a chance. The archers fire ahead of the drive, allowing them to break through. 
Inside the Holy City, the enemy starts breaching the main wall. Thousands of Atlantean men and women fall back to other defenses. Halotropolians have to give up parts of the city in order to regroup. The Holy City’s inner fortifications are not as strong as the outer walls, and it becomes easier for the enemy to take parts of the city. 
Daygun’s light cavalry arrives at the weakest point of the city and regains what they had lost. Luckily, the enemy is still being destroyed by the Atlanteans’ artillery outside the gates. The Sabatheans and Ladoneans cannot organize a strong enough counteroffensive to regain what they lost. 
Quentoris understands that the area cannot be held. The Atlantean bells sound, ordering the Atlantean light cavalry to cede the ground they had just taken, and retreat to the safety of other inner defensive fortifications. 
Outside the city, Daygun’s heavy cavalry is beginning to lose momentum and cannot hold out much longer. The enemy’s cavalry starts breaking through their ranks, countering the Atlantean offensive. The Atlantean Emperor retreats through the gates of Halotropolis.
Quentoris and Kaydence run to Daygun’s mammoth, the Atlantean Emperor says, “We are getting out of here. Order what is left of our light and heavy cavalry to the rear of the city. Quentoris take command of our walls and deliver a barrage of arrows outside Halotropolis. Kaydence, get your men and hold off our attackers inside the city. Get the civilian population out of here. We will serge forward our cavalry and allow our archers a safe haven to fight outside the walls. This is the only way we are going to survive. Where is King Haylos?” 
Kaydence responds, “He has taken command at the breach of the city. I honor his courage. His warriors are not yielding.”
The surviving Halotropolian cavalry rides to the rear of the city where the outside enemy is at their weakest. Quentoris’ archers fire their arrows and establish a perimeter around the rear gates so the cavalry can charge through.
The Halotropolian gates open. Twelve-hundred mammoths, three-hundred elephants and four-hundred Atlantean giant rhinos push forward through the massive gates. Behind them are the elite infantry and eight-thousand light cavalry fighting alongside. Once the Atlanteans create a circle outside the walls, twenty-five-thousand Halotropolian archers rush through the gates and fire arrows deeper into the enemy, allowing their cavalry and infantry to push forward. The circle enlarges and the Halotropolian civilians run and assist their army. Over one-hundred-twenty-five-thousand Atlantean warriors are outside the walls, battling and gaining ground. 
Back in the City of God, Kaydence fights to allow more people to retreat. However, some Halotropolians will not leave the city walls, believing they are fighting for God. They give their lives for their beliefs.
In the middle of the last inner stronghold, Daygun tries to find his wife, rushing toward her last known location, screaming her name. Because of battle cries, Kaydence cannot hear him and fights on. After desperately searching, he spots her combating the enemy in the middle of a courtyard. The Atlantean Emperor runs to her and fights by her side until he has to pull her out of harm’s way. She shouts out in frustration, while witnessing her army being overrun. 
Back at the Atlantean rear gates, the sun is setting. Most of the Halotropolian civilians are outside the walls, under the military’s protection. Before Daygun leaves the gates of Halotropolis, Captain Miro, stationed in Ladonea under Ryeland’s command, runs straight to Daygun and says, “I still have over ten-thousand men. Our division should have been destroyed. We believe we have disrespected our empire. We implore you to give us a chance to redeem our honor, and let us die here protecting our emperor. We will remain here and give you time to return to our capital.”
Daygun responds, “You have not failed our empire; it is I… who has failed. Come with me and help protect our capital.”
Miro looks unblinkingly into Daygun’s eyes and says, “I told my men you would say this, and I told them that probably you would not let us honor our dying wish.”
Miro salutes the Emperor of Atlantis, smiles, and walks toward his men. Daygun says nothing, understanding that his captain has a moral obligation to fulfill for his belief in the empire.
Daygun leads Kaydence out of the City of God. Some of the archers cede their lives to allow their emperor’s escape. The Atlanteans’ infantry tries to fight their way from the midst of the enemy. The Continental Alliance cannot get an overwhelming force of archers or cavalry to break the Atlanteans’ lines outside the city.
Inside the city are little pockets of Halotropolian fighters, but they do not last long. In one of the pockets, Haylos, King of Halotropolis, dies with his men. Now, three of the most important political figures of Atlantis are dead: King Haylos joins Emperor Aten and Laptos as casualties of this war.
In retreating from Halotropolis, the Atlanteans lose more than two-thirds of their military. The survivors flee in haste. Daygun’s cavalry picks up survivors during the escape. The enemy follows them until nightfall. Because of the topography surrounding Halotropolis, the Atlantean have the advantage. 
After losing at sea, the Atlantean enemy has a much-needed victory. With the taking of Halotropolis, momentum shifts to the enemy. While the Ladoneans and Sabatheans are regrouping, the Atlanteans escape. Although Halotropolis is badly damaged, the city is now a stronghold for Melercertis. 
In the middle of night, with the waning moon, Kaydence and Daygun ride alongside one another with their retreating warriors. Of three-hundred-thousand Atlantean citizens, only seventy-thousand survive. Since the citizens of Halotropolis fought so bravely for their fatherland, Daygun promises them the first opportunity to evacuate the Empire. They have seen enough death.
Melercertis does not know how to tell Palexus that her husband is dead. The Ladonean Emperor gives Ryeland a hero’s burial; he then regroups his men, instructing every army of the continent to go toward Masaba, and then wait to attack their enemy. Many Atlantean soldiers are still at the Great West Wall and at Masaba. Melercertis must destroy these two obstacles before launching the final attack on the Atlantean capital. If Melercertis does not first take Masaba, he is open to attack on two fronts. He is comforted in knowing that the Atlanteans are losing the war rapidly. His forces consist of over eight-million men and more cavalry than the Atlanteans. If Melercertis can take the two cities, he will have control of the peninsula.
Meanwhile, Daygun orders Quentoris to lead the military at Masaba. The odds continue stacking up against Quentoris’ survival, but he is a warrior and will do whatever the Atlantean Emperor asks of him without question. Daygun knows his friend has gone through a great deal already, but he is the best man qualified. The enemy must cross rough terrain to reach Masaba, but Quentoris knows a shorter route. By using the passage, he will beat the Kyrenian and Mantineian armies.

Chapter XXXVI
Ultimate Sacrifices

Daygun’s scouts report that the Continental Alliance is nearing Masaba. Persephone is ordered back to Atlantis, and Quentoris will be the Supreme Commander of the Masabaian Army. The Atlantean Emperor commands all Atlantean warriors stationed at the Great West Wall to regroup in Atlantis. The Western defenders are ordered to let the wall be taken, and to go around Masaba toward Vasic. At Vasic, they will veer off and march toward the capital. Their orders are to avoid the enemy at all cost.
The Masabaian warriors know their lives must be sacrificed for their empire, because the Atlanteans need more time to evacuate their capital. Ten Atlantean divisions are in Masaba, but the Masabaian King does not want to let his city go. Ryeland is dead and knew the weaknesses of the Great East Wall leading into Atlantis. Mantis believes the enemy is much weaker without his son’s guidance. 
Mantis wants revenge for his son’s death. He wonders what the enemy could have done to make his son become a traitor. Ultimately, he blames the enemy for his son’s decision to turn his back on Atlantis.
Daygun wishes he could order the Masabaian Army to retreat to save lives, but the city must be sacrificed for the majority of Atlanteans to flee the peninsula. As the Atlantean warriors await the enemy, they feel honored to die for their empire. The new Atlantean Emperor needs more time, and that time can only be purchased with Atlantean lives. Mantis knows the enemy will not be able to take the city quickly. There is still a small possibility to end this war, but the Atlantean Emperor understands freedom from strife is probably a false hope. 
The Atlantean capital is the strongest city in the Atlantean Empire. The great city is twice as strong as the other two cities combined, and more warriors are marching from the Great West Wall to help protect it. Every piece of artillery, munitions, and food is being stockpiled in the capital. The Atlanteans are also setting up more difficult defensive parameters outside the city to prevent the enemy’s using their tightuses. Daygun is learning the enemy’s tactics, so they do not have the advantages of previous battles; however, Masaba is stranded.
Mantis craves to be the one to defeat the enemy. The Masabaian King believes in his men and is counting on their loyalty. Before the city is surrounded, Quentoris arrives and rushes to Mantis saying, “I have an executive order to take command.”
Mantis responds, “My kingdom is yours and so are my men.”
Quentoris says, “This will be my last command. There will be over nine-million warriors at your kingdom’s walls. There is no way to escape. You and I will die as warriors for our empire.” 
The Masabaian horns blow as Quentoris and Mantis climb the tallest tower in the city, and witness Nextear’s first wave of soldiers approaching. The Continental Alliance is fifteen miles away. The two know the enemy will wait for the remainder of their army before attacking. Mantis wants to destroy the enemy which sacked the City of God. Because of his son’s death, the Masabaian King is filled with rage and hatred, wanting to kill every enemy warrior with his own blade.
Quentoris examines the battlefield and desires nothing but death to his enemy. If he can somehow escape when the city is sacked, he has been ordered to return to Atlantis. Quentoris understands this is a suicide mission, and sends one last message to his family to assure them he will see them in the afterlife. 
Looking from the tower, Quentoris says to Mantis, “Three of our leaders of the peninsula are dead. I can’t let you be the fourth. Before we are completely surrounded, I want you to retreat back to Atlantis. I will lead this battle.”
Mantis responds, “My son is the one who betrayed our empire. I take full responsibility as a father. If I save my people here, I am making things right. I have ten divisions and two-hundred-thousand civilians, willing to give their lives for the Atlantean Empire. If they have a chance to survive, I can’t let them die.”
Quentoris asks, “What are you getting at?”
Mantis says, “Three-hundred years ago, we found iron ore at our doorstep, not even a mile from our city. Mining was done at the mountains southeast of here; we extracted rich veins of iron ore, and tunneled straight to Masaba. The mining tunnel is underneath our feet, and large enough for our heavy cavalry to pass through. On the other side of the mountain range is the passage to a valley. I am requesting that my civilian population be allowed to leave. They do not need to die here.”
Quentoris responds, “I am the person responsible here. It should be you who leads your people to safety. Why was I not notified about this?”
Mantis says, “The underground tunnels were lost in time. Quentoris, my son destroyed my family’s name. In three days our enemy will take my city. We are subject to Atlantis, but let me take command of the battle. You will become a hero when Daygun learns that you saved tens of thousands of lives and returned more divisions to Atlantis. The message from Daygun said that if you make it out alive, to retreat back to Atlantis; the tunnel is that opportunity.”
Quentoris says, “I will get your people to safety. We will stay for the initial attack. If the enemy sees that there is only a skeletal crew fighting, they will take the city quickly. They need to think there are hundreds of thousands of men here. We will fight hard until they start to take the city’s secondary line of defense.”
Mantis asks, “Would you like to see the tunnel?”
Quentoris replies, “Let’s do it quickly. We need to review plans to keep the enemy here as long as possible. Our capital needs more time for defense and extracting our civilians from the peninsula.”
The two leaders enter the tunnel where various paths are going every direction, leading to the valley below. Quentoris is amazed at what he sees. Tens of thousands of people can fit comfortably inside. He knows now he has a fighting chance to return to Atlantis. 
Outside the city, Melercertis and Nextear regroup their men for battle. The enemy moves the tightuses in formation for attack, aligning them to face the east side of Masaba. Because Mantis’ kingdom has been left with very little cavalry, they will compensate with artillery. 
Melercertis does not know the weaknesses of the city and decides to attack every direction at the same time. The cavalry of the Continental Alliance is on each side of Masaba to attack the gates. 
Mantis looks outside his chambers and observes the enemy advancing. He hears them chanting and yelling of death to the Atlanteans. The defenders of Masaba do the same. 
After Persephone’s exit from Great West Wall, Commander Cregnikias took command and marches his divisions to Atlantis. As they advance through the mountains, they hear the same roar of the enemy at Masaba. Even though their fellow countrymen are about to die, they continue toward the capital.
Melercertis looks upon Masaba and orders his army to ready for attack. This time the Atlantean infantry is staying inside. There are more archers than the Atlanteans had in Halotropolis. The Masabaian artillery will destroy anything on the battlefield, but eventually run out of munitions. Mantis’ kingdom made more artillery pieces when the war began, but they resort to crude arms for this battle. The Masabaian archers have over three-hundred arrows apiece and blacksmiths have worked twenty-four hours a day to provide that many. Masaba has the firepower to destroy an entire empire, but not the whole continent.
The battle begins, and the Masabaian artillery fires in fast increments, firing at will. Atlantean catapults and giant crossbows hit the enemy no matter where they point their artillery, but there are too many soldiers to defeat. Some artillery positions focus their firepower on the tightuses. 
Melercertis sees a weak spot in the ranks of the Masabaian artillery, and orders the siege towers to attack the east and north wings of the city. There is some concentrated fire from the Masabaian artillery, but not enough to repel the number of tightuses. If those machines reach the walls, there is nothing the Atlanteans’ artillery can do. 
The city’s artillery is fixed and cannot move. Although the artillery is on turrets, it cannot reposition from one end of the city to the other. The main objective of the Atlantean artillery is to destroy tightuses before they reach the walls. The enemy has tens of thousands of men dying on the battlefield, but millions take their places.
At first, the Atlanteans seem to beat back enemy advances. Due to the steady stream of Atlantean firepower, the enemy becomes scattered and cannot concentrate on one area of the city. The Atlanteans’ giant crossbows and archers are destroying anything near the walls. Two-hundred giant crossbows are firing on the battlefield and artillery personnel are able to reload every two minutes. When the enemy infantry moves within range of the Masabaian archers, a barrage of arrows airs through the sky, killing anything in its path.
The Atlantean catapults fire two-hundred-pound circular boulders, mowing down the ranks of their enemy. Because the enemy’s projectiles lose momentum from such a long distance, some enemy catapults’ ammunition hits the Masabaian walls and bounces off. The Atlantean city’s walls are taller and thicker than those of Halotropolis. The tightuses finally reach their objectives on two sides of the Atlantean city.
The Masabaian infantry and heavy cavalry charge outside their walls and attack the tightuses that move so ever closer to their fortifications. Some siege towers reach the walls, and Atlantean infantry rush toward enemy swordsmen who are debarking from their tightuses. Because the Masabaian walls are so tall, only men on the top levels of the Ladonean war machines are able to rush across the city’s defenses. The Atlantean infantry repels the enemy emerging from those siege towers, but more are able to hit the defensive walls. Thousands of Ladoneans and Sabatheans breach the fortifications. 
The Masabaian infantry strikes the enemy from the second line of defense inside the city, and Atlantean archers keep them at bay. The Ladoneans use the tightus’ rams, and smash all four sides of Masaba’s gates at the same time. The Atlanteans destroy three tightuses before the fourth enemy siege tower finally tears down the Masabaian Northern Gate. Atlantean infantry compensates and engages the infringed area of the city. 
At the Masabaian North Gate, Mantis leads his men into battle. The King of Masaba feels guilty about Ryeland’s decision to attack his own people. As a father, he feels he could have done something differently in the upbringing of his son. Mantis draws his sword and fights beside his men. The Masabaian King has so much hatred for the enemy that it keeps him pushing forward. He puts himself in harm’s way because of the anger, and kills ten men without becoming short of breath. 
At the eastern side of Masaba, Quentoris is in dire need of reinforcements. He rushes to the nearest tightus, as it is trying to breach the wall. He sees a Masabaian general fighting with his infantry and decides to assist. He understands it is a matter of time before the enemy has complete control of the wall. 
Near Quentoris, the Atlantean archers are quickly running out of arrows. They take arrows out of dead enemy soldiers for reuse. Women rush to bring more ammunition to the front, but many die in the process. The Masabaian artillery has only enough munitions for another hour. The enemy’s main objective is to take the city’s artillery out of action. They are succeeding, and less artillery is firing at their army beyond the walls of Masaba. 
Quentoris orders his military to regroup inside the secondary wall of the city, where the tunnel is located. More archer munitions are ready for the next fight. The Masabaian infantry stays at the first wall to rebuff their enemy.
At the Masabaian north gate, Mantis is losing men quickly and has no reinforcements. The King of Masaba continues to fight on, and does not care if he dies. He becomes exhausted, and finds it harder to continue. Because the Masabaian King is fatigued, the enemy turns toward him and his elite warriors. 
In the middle of the fight, Mantis is surrounded. The Masabaian King looks at his city and orders one more offensive. Mantis charges forward, but a young Sabathean warrior slices him through the thigh. It is not a fatal wound, but slows him down. Another enemy archer sees this and puts an arrow in Mantis’ back. The gate is taken, giving the enemy full control of its northern entrance to the city. There are not enough Atlanteans to retake what was lost. Mantis falls to the ground, and the father of a traitor is dead. 
On the other side of the city, Quentoris has tens of thousands of civilians already inside the mining tunnels. The pathways have good ventilation for the people inside and the shafts have hundreds of torches for light. The Atlanteans have over twenty-thousand archers, seven-hundred heavy cavalry, seventy-thousand infantry, and twelve-thousand light cavalry ready to break through the wooden doorway to the valley below. The doorway is hidden from the other side by a thin layer of rock. Quentoris runs to the doorway which faces the valley.
Quentoris yells inside the tunnel, “Now!”
The mammoths push forward and knock down the door. Everyone starts removing the rocks in front of the entrance, and the heavy cavalry is able to proceed easily from the mouth of the tunnel. No enemy is to be found, nor was anyone expected to be here. Melercertis’ main objective was the city, not the area where the Atlanteans are fleeing.
Back in Masaba, fifty-thousand Masabaian warriors remain behind to give the civilians a chance to survive. The tunnel entrance is ordered to be collapsed. Hundreds of boulders fall, so no one can enter the tunnel. Obstructing that entrance seals the fate of the people inside Masaba. The tunnel was the only way of escape. 
The bells sound from Masaba in an older Atlantean code. Most of the officers learned the code in military school. The message tells the Atlantean Empire that Quentoris is retreating. He knows the enemy will follow. He does not know if his message will be transmitted to the next Atlantean bell post. Over seventy-thousand civilians from Masaba are on their way to Atlantis. 
Three hours later, Masaba falls. Melercertis is inside the city, sees the tunnel, and orders his men to investigate. Thirty minutes later a scout runs and salutes Melercertis saying, “We found where the tunnel leads. It is a shortcut we can’t get to; we will have to go around. We see the Atlanteans on the horizon, fleeing.”
Melercertis responds, “Send three light and heavy cavalry divisions to intercept. We only have three more hours of sunlight. The Atlanteans are cowards after all. 

Chapter XXXVII
Campiton Gorge

Atlanteans from the Great West Wall are en route to Atlantis. Cregnikias hears the last bell message from Masaba. In encrypted military code, the message says Quentoris is marching to Atlantis and an enemy army is on their way to intercept. Cregnikias’ army is eight miles from the retreating Atlanteans. 
Cregnikias gathers his generals and says, “I am going against Daygun’s direct orders. You have the right to relieve me of my command. Does anyone have any objections of going forward to assist our comrades from Masaba?”
A general responds, “I don’t agree with disobeying orders, but if we do not act now, Quentoris and the survivors of Masaba will be lost. We do not have time to get permission. We are with you. We must act now.”
Cregnikias looks at his officers and orders, “All cavalry full-speed to Campiton Gorge at once. Order all fifteen-thousand youth archers to carry two extra quivers and assist Quentoris. This is all or nothing. The rest of our divisions will follow.” 
A general responds, “What if we are attacked in the process?”
Cregnikias says, “Scan deeper for any enemy activity with our scouts. Take a task force to the nearest bell post. We need to let Quentoris know we are on our way.”
Twenty minutes later, the task force sent by Cregnikias finally arrives at the bell post and sends the message to Quentoris. The retreating Atlanteans from Masaba hear the message. There is still hope to make their journey to Atlantis. Everyone moves faster to Campiton Gorge.
Over the horizon, the fleeing Atlanteans see their enemy closing on their position. Quentoris orders his warriors to prepare for battle. He is still fifty minutes from the gorge where they are to converge with their reinforcements. The Atlanteans cannot run anymore. Quentoris does not know exactly where Cregnikias’ army is located or its strength, and the Ladonean and Sabathean cavalry are behind them. He sends a messenger to locate and guide the Great West Wall divisions to his location. 
Arriving close to the gorge, Quentoris’ messenger sees light and heavy cavalry riding toward him. The messenger does not know if they are Atlanteans or the enemy. He stops his giant elk to investigate. Moments later, he sees the Atlantean flag and hurries to his comrades. Upon reaching reaches the Atlantean commander, the messenger reports the situation. Eight-hundred Atlantean cavalrymen rush toward Quentoris. As they ride off, the messenger sees the Atlantean youth right behind, running full speed.
When the enemy’s heavy and light cavalry catch up with the last survivors of Masaba, they attack. Quentoris’ men are in a defensive formation as the battle begins. The enemy cavalry is overwhelming. The Atlanteans’ archers start to run out of arrows within minutes of fighting. With little cavalry, Quentoris is doomed. 
Quentoris looks from a hill and witnesses the enemy destroying his left flank. He sends his infantry to compensate. Then, out of nowhere, Cregnikias’ light and heavy cavalry charge into the Ladoneans’ and Sabatheans’ offensive, precisely where reinforcements are needed. 
The enemy generals see Cregnikias’ cavalry attacking, halting the reinforcements of infantry and beasts they sent to finish Quentoris. As the enemy watches their cavalry lose momentum, they finally give the order for all-out attack. They do so at full speed and Quentoris braces for impact.
Before the charging enemy hits the Atlantean formation, Quentoris counters with his reserve infantry, using twelve foot spears to stop the enemy cavalry. Unfortunately, Quentoris’ archers deplete their supply of arrows and cannot help their infantry with only their bows. The Atlantean archers draw their swords and fight alongside their fellow warriors. Because of inadequate numbers, the Great West Wall cavalry is starting to lose numbers at a substantial rate. The enemy reinforcements overwhelm the Atlanteans.
The Atlantean youth finally reach the battlefield and form a line to fire their arrows. Quentoris’ adversary is being attacked on two fronts. The enemy cavalry and infantry attack the youth archers, but to no avail. After the Atlantean youth take an enemy stronghold, they charge forward into the battle with their swords. Cregnikias’ youth run and assemble with Quentoris’ archers, giving them a quiver of arrows. Now, Quentoris has twice as many arrows flying toward the Ladoneans’ and Sabatheans’ divisions. In two hours, the Atlantean threat is taken out completely.
After the battle, Quentoris desires nothing but to attack the whole Continental Alliance back at Masaba, but reconsiders when he sees his injured warriors. Cregnikias’ divisions finally meet up with the retreating Atlanteans and proceed to Atlantis. 
On the return march to the capital, Quentoris no longer feels emotional pain. He is dead inside. Before, the commander had compassion for the men he led. Almost ninety percent of the warriors Quentoris has led into battle are dead, and he feels he should have died with them. During the journey, Quentoris sees a badly wounded warrior who fought at Bardia. He was stationed at the Great West Wall after the fight. He picks him up and carries him on his giant elk all the way back to the capital. There is so much death in his heart that he can only love his own men. Only honor and loyalty to the new Atlantean Empire help him cope.

Chapter XXXVIII
The Last Battle of Atlantis

The Atlanteans had a good victory at Campiton Gorge. Overall, they destroyed more than two-million enemy warriors at Masaba and the gorge. Their survival was due to the leadership of Quentoris, but he is marching to the capital a broken man. The war has changed him. Mentally exhausted, he no longer knows what he is fighting for except to save what is left of his civilization. Both cities which helped Atlantis become a strong empire are destroyed, and no one in the Atlantean Empire will go unscathed.
Quentoris finally reaches his capital. He has seen nothing but death and destruction. The general enters the gates of Atlantis where he receives a hero’s greeting. After the people of Masaba and the West Wall Army arrive, the injured are ordered to hospitals, then to be the first ones evacuated from the city by ship. 
At the walls of the Atlantean capital, artillery is being prepared for the inevitable battle. The enemy has seven-million to take out their objective. Atlantis will be harder to take than the Great East Wall. Nevertheless, the Atlanteans are backed into a corner.
Due to the valiant efforts of those at Masaba, Atlantis has had time to produce more artillery and munitions. Atlantis is the last stronghold of the empire. Daygun has five-hundred-thousand warriors to fight the entire continent. The city has more artillery than that of the Great East Wall and Halotropolis combined. The weakness of the capital is its large size, which means more ground to cover.
The capital is still being evacuated by sea. Daygun feels he can overcome his antagonists. The enemy is very deep inside the Atlantean Empire and their supply lines are very long. Daygun is relieved to know that Quentoris and Persephone are still alive. Since Quentoris entered the capital, Daygun notices that he is acting differently. When the battered general looks toward his countrymen, he seems to look through them. He adequately functions as a general, but is void of emotions. 
Quentoris’ main tactical strength is with artillery. Persephone, from Halotropolis, is strong with the sword. Daygun is from Atlantis, and his major attribute is the bow. The three will complement each other. 
The Continental Alliance sets up camp four miles north of Atlantis and stays in place. This gives the Atlantean ships more time to evacuate civilians and wounded soldiers. Melercertis, Borealeous, and Nextear know if the Atlanteans fall here, finding and destroying their fleeing adversary will take time. The Atlantean enemy will have to rebuild their navy to find the inhabitants of the peninsula. Daygun’s empire has territories all over the world, so the Continental Alliance will have to defeat their enemy one location at a time. 
Before the Atlantean capital is completely surrounded by land, Daygun’s generals assemble to make a plan. Quentoris, Persephone, and the Atlantean Emperor look at a map on a table. Looking at Quentoris, Daygun says, “We are on the verge of losing this war. We have almost fifty-thousand archers ready to fight. Each of them has close to three-hundred arrows.” 
Quentoris adds, “Our artillery is ready and at your disposal. Last month, we produced thirty catapults and twenty-four giant crossbows, by cutting down every molless tree in our empire. This puts us at three-hundred catapults and two-hundred giant crossbows. Each crossbow has sixty pieces of ammunition. We only have three walls to protect. Thanks to Ashastonous’ leadership, the enemy cannot attack our harbor. The Continental Alliance will try to take our city, but that will be at a high price.”
Persephone says, “Our infantry is ready.”
Daygun replies, “This is the last battle of Atlantis. Either we conquer or are conquered. No matter what we do, Atlantis must be abandoned. Our physicians say there is too much death here. With the dire possibility of an epidemic, multitudes of people will die from such a plague. Over one-hundred years ago, this happened in Garsha. At first, there were fifty-thousand deaths, and then hundreds of thousands of people died of an epidemic from decaying bodies left after the war. All civilizations are in trouble. Mother Nature will kill our enemy. Because of their ignorance, more of their people will die from disease than this war. We have to leave Atlantis until nature restarts itself. We will have to isolate ourselves.”
Persephone questions, “Where will we go?”
Daygun replies, “There are other continents far from these civilizations that may not become infected. Consider the Iteru River. There, our small city-state is isolated from most of our aggressors. Another option is three-thousand miles away, where the continent is inhabited only by primitive tribes. Our population needs to reside far from this destruction. We must scatter out to insure the survival of our civilization.”
Quentoris says, “What about the rest of mankind?”
Daygun replies, “As in the prophecies of Edicus, humanity will live on. Our civilization will intertwine with the rest of humanity. Thousands of years from now, a conflict will emerge, just like this one. We must protect Edicus’ writings to protect the future; our priest believes his prediction will come true, and that his writings are the key. I have given orders to make ready Edicus’ tablets to be taken to its destination.”
Quentoris says, “What if there isn’t an epidemic this time? What if the disease doesn’t exist or is eradicated? What if mankind has become immune to this disease? What if Edicus’ prophecies are false?”
Daygun replies, “My father believed in Edicus. I will honor his sacrifice to our empire and respect his last wishes. Nonetheless, we will regroup and conquer our land in the next couple of years, when we are ready. I have put every piece of iron ore in reserve to make swords so we can take back our home. Six military cargo ships, which survived from the Mantineian and Kyrenian Sea battle, are en route to Mancater to begin the production of swords.”
Persephone says, “That is over three-thousand miles away. This is the storm season and the chance of their making the trip is poor at best. With that kind of weight, the ships will not survive a heavy storm.”
Daygun says, “I had to put our iron ore in a safe place where the enemy cannot take it or destroy the factories we will build there. All iron ore is aboard our ships. Ashastonous is on the important journey. Near Mancater, we also have ore mines. Before, it was not cost efficient to ship the ore here. Because of our circumstance, we will produce our arms there.”
Quentoris stands and says, “As for the matter at hand, we must destroy the enemy here. We must deplete the numbers so that they will not want to find us.”
Daygun replies, “In the last month, the heroes of our empire have become evident. More war will be waged. Those who gave their lives to God and our empire are the heroes, and will never be forgotten. I have lost a brother and a father. They are heroes to me and to our people. I will mourn for them after this war. I have to govern my emotions now for the greater good of our civilization. We will falter here, but our people will live on to make something happen for mankind in the future. Get your warriors ready and prepare for the inevitable. We will not give up our homes peacefully.”
More ships travel in and out of the Atlantean harbor. Every day the capital is less crowded. However, many inhabitants of the capital do not want to leave, and would prefer to defend the empire to the death. Death to the Atlanteans is just a stepping stone to God. With His guidance, the Atlanteans will not give up their land to civilizations that do not believe in Him.
Atlantean battlecruisers and destroyers are repaired from damage suffered during the sea battles. The warships are being used to also evacuate people. The ships’ crews are to reinforce Atlantis in the last stand. The sailors have felt trapped aboard their ships and are ready to fight the enemy on land. 
Kaydence helps in the Atlantean hospitals, taking care of children and the elderly who were wounded in Masaba and Halotropolis. She is prepared for battle. She loves her husband and obeys him, but she is ready to fight to the death, and is tired of fleeing. Kaydence is worshiped by her empire as the perfect role model. Because of Kaydence’s devotion, she makes sure she is seen doing things in her community. She wants the empire to know that royalty is standing behind of the rest of the population. 
The Atlanteans are ready to fight, and have noticed more activity from their enemy. Tightuses are on the front line. The Atlanteans are prepared and so is the enemy. The Atlanteans are tired of waiting to die. They will face their destiny head on.
Melercertis and Tito stand on a hill looking toward the Atlantean capital. The Ladonean Emperor says, “What has the world done? We are about to destroy the most technological empire known to man. Religion has been taken and twisted. On this side of the battlefield, man is using our gods as an excuse to destroy an entire civilization. Who is to say our religion is not the right one?”
Tito replies, “If we don’t do this, our religion will destroy us back home, and the rest of the empires on the continent will see us as weak. You are leader to our people and our gods. We will lose everything if we don’t go forward.” 
Melercertis says, “You’re right. There is no other way. Send in the assault. The time for change starts now.” 
The Ladoneans begin their attack. Crossbows in the tightuses move into range of the city. Over two-hundred tightuses head straight toward the Northern Gate of Atlantis. The Atlantean capital has only three sides of land to protect. The east and west side of Atlantis is covered by hills, and difficult to be attacked in significant numbers by infantry and cavalry. The only flat ground outside Atlantis is the northern side, and Atlantean artillery positions are heaviest there. Daygun orders his artillery to fire. The bombardment is concentrated on the battlefield for maximum efficiency. Thousands of enemy warriors die, or retreat. The only things moving toward Atlantis are the tightuses. In the middle of the first attack, every invader is either dead from Atlantean arrows or artillery. Within an hour, over one-hundred-thousand enemy men have lost their lives. The tightuses stop in front of the Atlantean capital and cannot proceed. Because of the bombardment from the Atlanteans’ giant crossbows, some of the tightuses catch fire, but the Ladoneans extinguish the flames and continue forward.
The tightuses roll closer to the Northern Wall of Atlantis. The Atlanteans’ giant crossbows give everything they have to the enemy, but cannot stop the siege towers. This battle comes down to technology, and the Ladoneans seem to have the advantage.
The Atlantean catapults are easier to maneuver than the crossbows and do what they can to fight the tightuses, but some tightuses hit the first Atlantean wall. The enemy surges forward, running out of the tightuses and into the Atlantean capital. From a distance, Archers from the Atlantean secondary wall fire on anyone who emerges from the giant siege towers. Not one enemy soldier makes it out alive. Corpses pile on top of each other. The men of the tightuses have to move their dead to stay on the offensive. 
While the Atlanteans are preoccupied with the tightuses, the Continental Alliance’s artillery moves forward. The enemy catapults fire onto the walls of Atlantis. Atlanteans’ giant crossbows change direction and return fire to the enemy artillery. Some of Atlantis’ walls are already damaged badly, and the enemy infantry cannot go forward until a wall is totally breached. Atlantean archer emplacements are firing upon their adversary. Daygun’s army has more archers and more arrows than they did in the previous battles and can fire for hours without running out of munitions. 
The Atlantean Emperor orders what is left of the Atlantean heavy cavalry to gather outside the gates. The Atlantean cavalry rides toward the tightuses and rams into the enemy siege towers. During the Atlantean offensive, many tightuses are destroyed. All mammoths correlate their attack to hit the Ladonean war machines at the same time. Because the tightuses are top-heavy, the large siege towers tumble over and kill the enemy warriors inside. The tightuses retreat to regroup. It took one month to build such structures for the sole purpose of destroying the walls of Atlantis, and they are now being wiped out on the first run.
While the tightuses retreat, the enemy’s heavy cavalry charges the Atlantean heavy cavalry. The Atlanteans are outnumbered, but fare well against their enemy. In the background, the horns blow from Atlantis and the Atlantean cavalry returns through their gates. Daygun cannot afford the total destruction of his cavalry at this point.
There have been heavy causalities on both sides; it has become a stalemate. The enemy lost one quarter of their heavy cavalry, and additionally, is losing too many tightuses. 
Daygun climbs onto the first wall and cheers for his men. Because he begins to applaud, the rest of the Atlanteans cheer in the aftermath of the battle. Even though the battle was a gridlock on both sides, it seems the Atlanteans won.
Within thirty minutes, the tightuses move forward again with their heavy cavalry. The Atlanteans fire on the enemy and wreak havoc. The enemy has no choice but to fall back again. The enemy attempts to remove their dead from the battlefield, but the Atlanteans kill those who try. At this point, there will be no ceasefire. This is war to the death. No prisoners will be taken on either side. There is so much hate that no one views another as a human being. Each person on each side seems to be an enemy without a soul. 
A constant stream of ships traverses in and out of the Atlantean harbor, each ship leaving twenty minutes after docking. Men, women, children, and supplies are thrown onto the ships. Supplies are stowed below deck after embarking. There is no time for detail.
The Atlantean flagships take a little longer to transfer supplies on board. They are so massive that twenty minutes is not enough time. It takes an hour to load the heavy battlecruisers to capacity. 
After weeks of evacuating, only thirty-two percent of the Atlantean population is off the peninsula. There are not enough ships for the task. Men and women trapped in their city are preparing to fight to their deaths.
Daygun’s light and heavy cavalry will soon be ordered to another offensive. He is waiting for the enemy’s heavy cavalry to appear. The Atlanteans will be outnumbered twenty to one in cavalry, but are better trained.
Without warning, the tightuses move toward the city once more, with their heavy cavalry following closely. The gates open. The Atlanteans’ heavy cavalry exit full speed and hit the right side of the enemy. The Atlantean mammoths seem enraged, and have never fought as hard as they do now. The enemy animals almost retreat as the Atlantean beasts charge forward. Atlantean heavy cavalry destroys nine-to-one ratio on the battlefield. Atlantean archers and artillery destroy the rest. After an hour, there is almost no enemy beast to fight back against the Atlanteans. The Atlanteans kill almost every mammoth, giant rhino, and elephant in the enemy’s arsenal. 
Enemy archers come forward to the battlefield and fire on the Atlantean heavy cavalry, trapping and destroying it. It seems that all mammoths are dead in the Atlantean Empire, where two months ago, there were tens of thousands. Now, they are almost extinct, and those still living are used to move the tightuses. The Atlantean archers halt the advance of their enemy. 

Chapter XXXIX
The Final Stronghold

Early morning, the Atlantean infantry stands ready outside their defensive position for another battle. Every person from the Continental Alliance is in attack formation. Despite millions of warriors prepared to destroy one another, there is only silence before the inevitable.
The battle begins. Protectors of the Atlantean capital are being overpowered by numbers. The enemy catapults and tightuses move closer, focusing on the Atlantean archer emplacement, and taking out one at a time. With fewer arrows flying over head from the capital, the enemy destroys the Atlantean warriors outside the gates. After desperate fighting, the walls of Atlantis are breached. 
The Continental Alliance pours into Atlantis. Persephone takes charge of a counteroffensive, and keeps the enemy at bay, but with high casualties. It becomes almost a pushing match between armies.
When the initial attack is over, the enemy has captured their first objective. They try to take the second wall immediately, but the Atlanteans defend it mightily. The enemy has to regroup and determine another way to take the wall.
Daygun, Quentoris, and Persephone gather to form a new strategy. It is only a matter of time before the city is overtaken. Although Atlantean ships continue evacuating people from the capital, the majority of the civilians have no way to escape the onslaught. Daygun does not have enough time to save everyone. Ninety-thousand children under the age of sixteen remain inside the city and are being transferred out first. The Atlantean Emperor is trying to buy time.
Daygun says, “What can we do? We can’t defeat our antagonists. We don’t have the resources, or anything to bargain for peace.”
Quentoris replies, “Sire, My soul is contaminated with death and destruction. I feel God let me live to die here. Let me lead our men that have no choice but to give their lives. Permit me to depart this life in battle, so I can hold honor into the afterlife.”
Persephone says austerely, “This is my home. Death is a part of life, and I agree with Quentoris’ intentions. There is not enough time to evacuate everyone. My focus is the word of God. If even a handful of Atlanteans live to tell what happens here, they will spread His word. Thousands of years from now, mankind will understand what we see in Him, and want to take His hand. With what I have witnessed here, Edicus’ prophesies are taking place.”
Quentoris replies, “Daygun, we will all die here except you. You are needed to honor your father’s beliefs. Persephone and I will lead the last stronghold to allow as many of our people to sail out of the harbor.” 
Daygun says, “As a leader, I should remain here. I will not leave as a coward.”
Persephone replies, “You will not be a coward. You will fight on after we are dead, and continue the knowledge of God’s name. You, Sire, are the basis of our belief. If you die here, our culture will perish. The last dying wish from your father was to get Edicus’ writings to a safe location. This is your legacy now.”
Daygun says, “I understand death and what it can do to a person. However, I need your guidance in the future. Do not forfeit your lives here. Our people need your leadership to fight on. They need heroes in the uncertainty of what is to come.”
Quentoris says, “I will stand to protect you no matter what. I will do what I can. If the timing is right, I will board the last ship. In so doing, I will be your protector in your endeavors to come.”
Persephone smiles and says, “I will do the same.”
Daygun says, “Edicus’ writings are onboard the battlecruiser that I will be sailing on. I will need your help to take them to the location dictated from our priests.”
Daygun hugs Quentoris and Persephone as family and salutes them as warriors. The three leave the room and go to their positions in preparation for the final fight. Quentoris and Persephone fight at their post for hours, trying to find weaknesses in their aggressors. After twenty-four hours, the enemy makes a final push and the second wall is theirs. The Atlanteans fire upon their own buildings with artillery. Quentoris and Persephone want nothing left behind that can be useful to the enemy. 
Quentoris commands half of his infantry to fight between the second and third defense. Every man, woman, and child are fighting side-by-side. The Atlanteans kill tens of thousands of men, but to no avail. 
On another Atlantean offensive, the enemy counters with their own battle tactic: pushing the Atlanteans against the third barrier. Atlantean archers give cover for their infantry, but the Atlanteans are trapped and slaughtered. The enemy reaches the harbor gate, trying to take the last formidable defended area. 
Persephone and Quentoris are there to oversee their army. Few Atlantean warriors remain and the enemy is advancing rapidly. From their vantage point, the two generals look at each other and shake their heads. Persephone runs to Quentoris and says, “We need one more push from our infantry to hold them back. Our emperor will not be able to leave this land if we don’t.” 
Quentoris responds, “The only way to accomplish this is with our leadership. Take your position.”
Persephone smiles and says, “We have fought this far in battle to die in our capital. At least we will die protecting the Emperor and the word of God.” 
Quentoris responds, “God gave us this time to be here at this moment. It is time to die for His word.” 
Persephone leads her infantry to meet the Continental Alliance head-on. Quentoris directs the archers to protect the offensive. In the mix of the fight, Atlantean artillery is redirected to hit the enemy inside the capital. The whole city is ablaze.
In a courtyard, near the docks, Kaydence and Daygun are advised to board the battlecruiser. Some soldiers have remained near the ships to protect the Emperor, knowing that death is at hand. The enemy is starting to overpower the Atlantean warriors and flood near the Central Trading Building. 
Near the battlecruiser, Kaydence and Daygun battle off enemy warriors who have fought into to the harbor. Daygun uses all his daggers to protect Kaydence. The archers of the Atlantean battlecruiser fire their arrows, allowing Daygun’s escape certain death. While retreating, Kaydence uses her sword to save her husband from a Ladonean warrior.
Once aboard, the battlecruiser disembarks from the peer quickly. As the oarsmen row to safety, Daygun and Kaydence watch the Atlantean defenders in the harbor get massacred. 
Everyone onboard ship views the city of Atlantis for the last time. The Atlantean Emperor asks to speak, then walks to the highest part of the ship. He addresses, “We have lost our city and our land, but we have not lost each other. God is not done with us yet, and we will not be forgotten. This war was prophesied five-hundred years ago by Edicus. Our high priests believe in his prophecies. He foretold that the destruction of Atlantis will unite mankind in the distant future. A library will be constructed twenty-five feet underground to tell our tale. When the time is right, a man with an incredible gift will uncover the library and find Edicus’ writings. The man born thousands of years from now will bring peace and prosperity to humanity… For now, the only way we will survive is to spread our population throughout the known world. I will settle a colony where Orion ruled in helping make our empire great. He was a forefather of our beliefs. Not all of us can go there, because the enemy will find and destroy us if we all stay together. We will inhabit on every continent in the world, merging with the rest of humanity. We must learn the languages of lands where we reside, yet always remember that we are Atlanteans. The world isn’t ready to believe God. We must remember Him and spread his word. Our culture may die, but God will not let us be forgotten. As long as we believe in Him, Atlanteans will be in the hearts of men forever.”

Chapter XL
The Clairvoyant Dreamer

Duncan, the archeologist, floats in his subliminal mind and overlooks the devastation of Atlantis. His conscious mind starts battling his subconscious. He does not know if he wants to go back to reality or to remain in this dream world. In a vision, something catches his attention. He sees inert corpses of Atlantean women and children with swords clutched in their hands. Many on the peninsula died for their empire. 
Duncan floats like a feather to where Persephone and Quentoris died for their beliefs. The archeologist’s mind cries for their deaths, hovering over their bodies, and praying for their souls.
After witnessing the devastation of Atlantis, Duncan travels forward in time, seeing things as if he is looking into a crystal ball. Millions of men are dead on both sides of the peninsula. 
Duncan mind is thrown to another vision where he sees the Ladoneans and Sabatheans leaving Atlantis. As Atlantean scientists predicted, disease strikes mankind, and humanity nears extinction. Most of the people on the continent die from microorganisms after the Second Great War. Dead bodies on the battlefield started the epidemic. No one is able to avoid the sickness. To the archeologist, all technologies of that time seemed to have been forgotten, and mankind had to begin again.
As if someone is turning the page in a book for Duncan, he starts seeing a civilization building the Sphinx in Egypt. He is not sure if it is the work of the Atlanteans, but he can feel their presence. He sees a woman’s face on the structure. 
In the next segment of the archeologist’s dream world, he is at the entrance of the Atlantean Great East Wall. Duncan observes a barricade for keeping people out of the old Atlantean Empire. The Continental Alliance has seen the peninsula as evil, and so the entrance into Atlantis is capped off from the rest of the world.
Duncan is becoming more aware of his surroundings. He feels as if ants are crawling over his body. The archeologist knows his journey is almost over and feels as if he is cheated from understanding the full story.
Duncan moves forward five-hundred years, and sees the Atlantean buildings void of people. The earth’s tectonic plates shifts and every building is leveled. Because the glaciers from the Ice Age are melting, Duncan becomes cold and sees the entire peninsula plunging into the sea. Even the East and Great West Walls are submerged. Every aspect of Atlantis vanishes from the face of the earth. In far off lands, Duncan sees Atlanteans praying to God, and teachers instructing children in the ways of their culture.
Suddenly, Duncan is awake and in a hospital. He looks around as he hears the French language. Rachael is by his side, waiting. She rushes quickly out the door to inform a nurse, then walks toward Duncan and says, “You had us scared. No one knew if you were going to wake up.”
As a doctor enters the room, Duncan tries to move inquiring, “How long was I out?”
The doctor looks at the instruments by Duncan’s bed and replies, “About four days.”
Duncan asks, “Will I be okay? What happened?” 
The doctor replies, “Having put you through every known test, we cannot determine why you went into a coma. During that time, your brain patterns were showing that you were in deep sleep. Most people enter that state of rest twice nightly. You just did a marathon of four days.” 
After being examined, Duncan asks, “Doctor, can you please give me a moment with Rachael?”
The doctor leaves and Rachael asks, “What is going on?”
Duncan replies. “I have been reading a book that has yet to be written. If you put every emotion a person could have in their lifetime inside a dream, that’s what I’ve experienced. God’s presence was in my dream. Oh, wait, there was a person that was very important to the people I was envisioning: a man named Edicus, who lived five-hundred years before this civilization’s demise. Everything is in pieces inside my head. The more I think about my dream, the more I get confused. Give me time, and I will tell you all.”
The next day, Rachael and Kyle visit Duncan in his hospital room. Kyle was flown in by helicopter by Mister Callaway. Duncan’s team tells him of the excavation finds. Rachael talks of her working on the alphabet of writings found inside the mountain. She cannot make sentences yet, but thinks it should only take months, not years to decipher. Duncan relates what he saw in his unconscious travels, but asks his colleagues to keep the dreams to them selves. 
A month later, Duncan is feeling better and returns home to recuperate. Home is a small city in Texas, where he is asked to speak to a group of student archeologists. He walks to the pedestal, thinking on what to say. The crowd is silent. On the wall behind Duncan is a large screen, showing pictures of the newly found city inside a mountain. Over five-hundred students are waiting for him to say something. He smiles and clears his throat.
Duncan says, “My archeological group has found a civilization which has been lost in time, until now. Following the Ice Age, inhabitants of the city were strong and powerful. After evaluating our findings, my team and I realized that they had to be from a far-off land, and we have found no reason for this civilization to be where we found them. I believe they were in hiding. Civilizations around that time lacked equal levels of technology. The inhabitants of this city were far more advanced than any other culture. At some point, this city was overtaken by an overwhelming number of warriors. We have found their written tablets and will strive to solve this riddle. Being an archeologist, I can tell you that history has to be resolved and rewritten every day. This find is a chapter into man’s forgotten past.” 
Duncan clears his throat again and says, “Now, we as a nation think we can’t be conquered, but we can. No nation or empire should think they are the strongest in the world. Rome was brought down. The Greek states were destroyed. In our recent history, Hitler thought Germany would rule the world for one-thousand years. Where does it stop? In our past, we have been imperialistic, and we still are. Past empires and nations use other nations for their resources. Today, we do the same with oil, and play the wrong politics to acquire it. We manipulate the world to get what we want. Our mistakes will haunt us in the future. We as a nation should be better leaders to the world, or we will end up like the civilization we recently found. I think the city inside the mountain is a reminder to us of how we can be destroyed by brotherhoods from other nations. We need to reach the next step of development, improving mankind. The site we found is not only a discovery as archeologists know it, but is a reminder to nations of what can happen.” 
The crowd is stunned by Duncan’s comments. They stand and clap for the archeologist, not because of his find, but because of his perspective. Duncan fears that the story of Atlantis will happen again, but he wonders where and when. Through this discovery, he hopes to unite mankind. The archeologist does not know if he was viewing a dream, or a gift from God. Duncan Edwards feels he is going to make an impact on the world, but many puzzle pieces on the board are not yet in the right place.
After Duncan exits the stage, people shake his hand. In the crowd, Mr. Callaway is waiting. Smiling, the archeologist strides toward the tycoon and asks, “What did you think of the speech?”
Callaway returns the smile and says, “Very good. How are you feeling?”
Duncan replies, “Good, and ready to go back to find answers.”
Callaway says, “Things need your attention in Spain. I feel this is a stepping stone to another find. From my perspective, you are the only one who can find what we all have been looking for. What you find will change history and mankind’s future.”
Duncan looks searchingly at the tycoon and replies, “I’ll be on the next flight.”


Book one complete



