Soul Hosts
Joseph Isaacs
Chapter 1 							
The Gray Man

The City of Vilanos in the Drakindom of Helos
Let us see what game the gray man plays –Kolram	

	-<>-

Wayden forked right at the blacksmith’s shop, his soft-soled shoes shuffling against the cobblestones. Glancing behind him, he spotted the black-hooded stranger, sword hanging from his belt, jostling through a crowd of market-goers. 
A tightness clasped Wayden’s chest. 
“Why would someone be after a fifteen-year old orphan?” Wayden asked the wizard who resided in his mind.
  Wayden’s head itched, a signal that Kolram was preparing to respond. "He must be after the bounty on unauthorized use of magic, but how could he be aware of my presence?”
“I haven’t told anyone,” Wayden replied, increasing his speed. The menacing footsteps accelerated behind him, matching his pace.
He dared another glance. A shaft of light fell upon his pursuer’s face, illuminating gray skin. Wayden tensed. Could he be the same…no, this one was smaller, six feet approximately- a good foot shorter than the other.
Wayden scanned the street. He saw a familiar face, an acolyte from the temple the orphans attended heading towards an alleyway. “Maybe he can help me." 
“Wait―” Wayden mentally pushed Grandmaster Kolram’s thoughts aside. He raced past a wagon, darted in front of a stalled rickshaw and past a bulky male fishmonger who was shouting about fresh wall-eyed trout from his stall. 
“― now we may be trapped in a deserted back alley with no one to help us but a weakly acolyte,” Kolram managed to finish his warning. 
Wayden chanced a look behind him, and from across the street he could see his stalker glaring at him. Red eyes burned beneath his darkened cowl. Wayden’s stomach churned.
His pursuer stepped forward, but a merchant stepped in front of him. “Fresh fish, Sir? A very good price for you.”
“No, thank you.”
“How much you want to pay for it? I’ll give it to you for three copper dragons.”
Wayden’s pursuer hood fell back, revealing long silver hair and light-gray wrinkled skin mottled with green moles ― an Ozac.
  The image of the first Ozac he’d ever seen invaded his mind- his huge booted foot, breaking through their front door, sending their rickety barricade toppling. His mother and brother screaming. And Nanny―
“Focus, Wayden,” Kolram said. “You need to be in the moment.”
Wayden forced himself to breathe, fighting off panic. This wasn't the same monster. This one's skin was a lighter shade. He was thinner. A half-Ozac, most likely. But this one’s eyes appeared cunning, calculating. It was hard to say which frightened him more. Luckily, the fish monger was less scared. “Ah you’re an Ozac. I do a lot of business in Alatia. I have many Ozac friends. For you I’ll give you a steal of a price. Two copper.”
Wayden turned to see the acolyte turning left into an adjoining alleyway. Wayden followed, making his way past stacked kegs and timber. A trickle of foul water oozed through the cracked ground. The acolyte turned a corner and again Wayden followed…and… found himself facing a wall of muscle…
  A broad-shouldered man, with a viper tattoo etched across his face, seized Wayden’s arm with a gloved hand. “Where you ne thinkin’ you be goin’?”
“Oh! Sorry, wrong turn.”
Wayden tried to pull away, but big man’s hold was too tight. 
Behind Viper-tattoo, Wayden saw the acolyte handing a coin to a short man, with a huge mole on his nose.  Mole-nose gestured tracing circles in the air with flexed fingers and whispered words with a piercing cadence.
 A mist emerged from the acolyte’s mouth, dangling from his lips. The acolyte’s face grew pale and his eyes bulged, veins protruding from his sweat-slick forehead.  Wayden thought for a moment he might be witnessing a murder, until Mole-nose suddenly ceased his chanting. 
The acolyte murmured, “More. Please, more.” The mist slipped back into the acolyte’s mouth. “No….don’t stop….please.”
"A spell used as a narcotic,” Wayden thought.
 “No time for that now,” Kolram responded. “Find a way to escape."
But how? Viper-tattoo’s grip remained solid.
“Boss, look what I be findin’,” Viper-tattoo said to Mole-nose.
The acolyte stared at Wayden and cursed.  He darted out a narrow side passage, half-hidden behind stacked barrels. 
Mole-nose sauntered forward, his eyes narrowed. He wore a tan robe filigreed with silver trim. His voice was as sharp as the curved dagger hanging upon his belt. "Who sent you here, boy?"
“No one sent me,” Wayden said.
“Just like exploring back alleyways, eh?” Mole-nose asked.
 “Ah, son, there you are!” The Ozac emerged from around the corner. “What are you doing back here?” His voice sounded friendly, but anger smoldered beneath those red eyes.
 Mole-nose nodded at Viper-tattoo, who released Wayden’s arm.  The Ozac’s grip replaced it.
Wayden’s stomach twisted. The question of the day seemed to not be whether or not he’d be eaten, but which beast would consume him. It was all so unfair. Wayden had never asked to host Kolram. The stupid Grandmaster’s soul mist had entered him when he was a newborn. Why couldn’t they all leave him alone?
 "Please pardon my son.” The Ozac smiled apologetically. “He's a bit short on brains. Can't I leave you for a moment without you getting yourself lost?"
Viper-tattoo laughed. "Your father be an Ozac? No wonder you be so dumb."
Wayden eyed the gray arm wrapped around his shoulder.
Mole-nose ran his eyes up and down the Ozac, and snorted. "You’re telling me that’s your son? You take me for a fool?"
"I take you for a man to be honored and respected," the Ozac said. "I'm his stepfather. I am most sorry to have troubled and disrupted you. Please take this coin as a token of my sincere regret.” With his left hand he passed the money. “Come along, son. We're going to be late." 
“Let. Me. Go.” Wayden tried in vain to pull free again, as the Ozac led him onto the main street.
 “Boy, let me explain—” the Ozac began.
“—Please my friend.” The fishmonger begged.  “Try a small sample.”  The Ozac’s grasp loosened for a moment, and Wayden pulled free.
 “Wait!” the Ozac shouted.
Waiting was the last thing on Wayden’s mind. Weaving through the throng of merchants and buyers prodding products, he almost tripped over a beggar child shaking a tin cans.
  A quick glance revealed no pursuer. He slowed to a brisk trot, not wanting to be overconfident of escape, but also wary of attracting attention from the Guard by running like a burglar from a guard dog.
He let out a sigh of relief at the sight of the orphanage gate. The sign hung from the iron fence read The Dracon’s Home for Unadoptable Boys, but today it might as well have read ‘Safety’.
Rory, an orphanage worker, pressed against the bars of the gate. "Do you have it?" He was a burly man with a tangle of brown hair and a lazy eye.
"Quick, Rory. Open. I’ll give it to you once I’m inside"
"What's your rush? The wraiths after you?"
"Rory, please."
 Rory pulled up the rod and swung the gate, its rusty hinges shrieking. "Did she give it to you?"
With the clang of metal closing behind him, Wayden’s heart settled. He searched his pocket, half afraid the parchment had been lost in the chase, but it was still there.
"Go on then, read it to me," Rory said. 
Wayden cleared his throat and read: “'Me dearest honeysuckles, you be as beautiful as a dragon's egg. I be lovin’ you something fierce. Love and kisses, Sugar Pie.'"
Rory smiled. "That's lovely.” He took the note from Wayden and placed it into his own pocket. Then he glanced at Wayden, and his expression grew dark. “Don't tell anyone about this, and come by later to get me response. Don’t forget, or I’ll be makin’ you sorry, Toast."
Wayden felt his burn-marked forehead tighten at the mention of his nickname. Rory acted nice to Wayden when he wanted something, but as soon as the favor was done, so was Rory’s act.
Wayden glanced through the bars towards the street, half fearing to see the gray man standing there, but there was no one but some farmers with a wagon of goods.
Why had the Ozac been following him? Had Wayden seen the last of him? If it was because of Kolram, how had he known? Perhaps he had magic powers of his own.
“Could the Ozac have been a Magic-finder?” Wayden wondered. 
“Magic-finders’ hands glow when they draw near practitioners of magic. You would know this if you paid better attention to my lectures."
"What's that, Kolram? I fell asleep. You were lecturing."
"If only I had been hosted by your brother."
Wayden bristled. His mother had always compared him unfavorably to his twin-brother, Mavik, as well. 
A voice from the crowded street interrupted his reveries. “Hey there. Watch your shoving, you wraithin’ half-breed.” 
Wayden looked up and saw the silver-haired Ozac making his way through the crowd. He felt as if an ice snake had just slithered down his spine.
“I need to talk to your master,” the Ozac said to Rory through the bars of the gate.
No! He was so sure he’d gotten away. Now, the Ozac and Master Crag would split the reward for turning Wayden in. Crag would hand him over to the Guard, claiming to have figured out himself that Wayden hosted a mage without proper authorization. 
At that moment a soldier rode past. The Ozac saw the soldier too… but…he didn’t call to him. 
"Hmm,” Kolram said, “Perhaps he isn’t trying to collect a bounty after all."
"Then why is he following me?"
"I do not know what game he plays. He tried to explain something, before the innkeeper’s assault."
The other orphans, who had been weeding the garden, stopped and gawked at the gray-skinned stranger. Most had red hair, like Wayden himself, and were his age or a year or two younger.  
 “You can speak with me,” Rory said. “I’m second-in-command.”
“I’m sure you are a man of great skill,” the Ozac said to Rory. “Unfortunately, it is to the master I must speak. Please take this as a token of my appreciation.” He stuck a hand into his purse and pulled out a coin. Rory's eyes widened as the Ozac passed the money through the gate’s bars.
Rory pocketed it with a smile, pushed the squeaky rod up, and swung the gate open. “Why, come right in.”
Wayden’s feet felt welded to the ground as he watched the Ozac stride forward. Beneath the Ozac’s black cloak, he wore a shirt woven of strips of gold linen coiled around his body. He smiled at Wayden, revealing fangs. He leaned close to Wayden and whispered, “Don’t look so terrified, boy. If I wanted you hurt, you’d be hurt by now.”
The Ozac was inside the gate. Wayden froze, unsure whether he should run for it.  The Ozac hadn’t called for the guard. Kolram was right. Whatever he wanted, it wasn’t the bounty. But if not that, then what?
An open wagon rolled around the bend. A different group of soldiers shouted at the crowd, "Make way for the Guard Draconi. In the name of the Dracon, stand aside!" This time they headed to the orphanage. “Open the gates!”
The Ozac’s eyes widened in delight, staring at something in the back of the wagon. His smile deepened, his eyes glittered. 
The driver, one of the Guard, dressed in a rusty chain hauberk and fluttering orange cloak, guided the wagon to a halt in the yard. A second dark-haired soldier climbed out of the rear. He helped a boy down and untied his bonds. 
Purple hair, dark skin… a Tulkarian boy. A wraithing Tulkarian.
 Two ghosts from the past in one day: first the Ozac, now this. Wayden’s mind was sucked back to that dreaded day. The Tulkarian Sky Raider, purple hair pulled back in a ponytail, waiting alongside his big black winged wolf, arrow nocked. 
Two of his worst nightmares right here at the orphanage. Deep down, what truly scared Wayden wasn’t the Tulkarian or the Ozac.
It was the anger inside himself, ready to ignite.





Chapter 2 					
Cold-Blooded Killers Wanted

If she lifts up a chamber pot, you’d best duck. - Cook
-<>-
The Tulkarian brought back into Wayden’s mind that day. The day his world fell apart. He had been short for an eight-year old and so he’d clambered onto ledge by the bay window.  The approaching sky wolves were dots with wings at first. The invasion horn sounded again. 
Mavik, Nanny, and mother erected a barricade in front of the door. Then they waited. The footsteps approaching the door, the door shuddering as something slammed into it. The barricade and door gave way as the Ozac crashed through it, followed by a companion Sky-Raider: one-eared, clad in black studded leather, long matted red-hair swinging with his swagger. He touched a torch to the drapes and flames spread across the fabric.
 The Ozac swung his mace, crumpling Nanny’s skull and sending her teeth skittering across the floor. A halo of blood formed around her disfigured head.
Holding his mother’s and brother’s hands, he raced through the blazing house. A torch had been thrown through the broken scullery window, and the smoke forced them into a crawl. A burning cinder from the ceiling fell on Wayden. Grabbing his injured face, as he screamed in pain, he had released his brother’s hand. By the time he caught another glimpse of Mavik, a man with a goat’s face was pulling him out the back door.  
His mother saw the Goat man too, and ran after him, towing Wayden along with her.  They raced out onto the rear porch.  A Tulkarian Sky Raider awaited in the yard, arrow nocked. His long purple-hair swayed as he released the arrow which whistled through the air. His mother gasped as she gripped the bloody shaft buried in her lace dress. It was just like the water color prophecy his brother Mavik had painted just the day before....the lily red flower forming on her dress…
 Red-kingdom soldiers arrived and the Sky Raiders had flown off on their winged skywolves. Wayden cared about none of that. He cradled his mother’s head in his lap, blinking back tears, lip trembling.
 ‘I’m sorry, Wayden.”
“No. You can’t die. You can’t.” 
But she disobeyed him. 
 Eight years later, Wayden still felt the stabbing pain in his gut as fresh as if it had been yesterday. Her betrayal still hurt. How could she leave him, just like father had? 
And here was a boy with purple hair. 
 “A Tulkarian.” Wayden gritted his teeth. “A wraithin’ Tulkarian.” 
 “Language, young Wayden,” Kolram remonstrated. “No need to use the 'w' word. This is not the Tulkarian Sky Raider who killed your mother. That one was two feet taller and a decade older, and wore a necklace of dried fingers as I recall."
"A Tulkarian is a Tulkarian.”
"And a Helesian is a Helesian,” Kolram responded, “The Sky Raider who torched your mansion had the red hair so common in our land. Should all red-haired Helesians be accountable for burning down your house?”
The guards flanked the Tulkarian boy, who shuffled forward, barely lifting his gaze from the ground. His eyes were swollen and bloodshot. Tears streaked his puffy cheeks and his lip trembled. His seashell-braided hair swayed with each step. 
A strange sensation pulled at Wayden, growing in intensity as the boy approached. It was as if an invisible string connected him to the Tulkarian. Wayden had shared a similar bond toward his twin-brother, Mavik. But why would he be sharing one with a Tulkarian?
The guard escorting the Tulkarian orphan nodded at Rory. The orange cape and the single flame upon his surcoat marked him as a low-ranking Flicker. Wayden recognized the guard as one of Rory’s friends.
"You brought us some fresh meat," Rory said. 
"It's been a long day for us. We had to haul this one's mother over to the Volcano Palace for unauthorized use of magic and we found another murdered girl.”
“The Striker again?” Rory asked, his voice quivering.
“The dead girl was red-headed, young, pretty, no marks upon her body. Sounds like the Striker to me."
"You need to get him behind bars or better yet in a grave,” Rory told the guard, fingering his folded love letter. “It ain’t safe for a lady no more." 
"Them lot couldn't catch a fish from a bowl of Cook’s stew,” a voice boomed from the doorway. Crag’s beady eyes gleamed with greed at the new orphan. “Brought us a Tulkarian, eh? Well, we always do get the bottom of the barrel here. Still, the Draconess is coming soon to do her count, so another head means another coin."
Crag stepped off the front stoop, the heels of his ox-hide boots squishing in the muddy yard. He wore his new hat, the latest fashion. It had a brim in all four directions and orange feathers on top. Wayden normally had to choke back a giggle whenever Crag wore it. Today, he was in no laughing mood.
The guard muttered to himself as he headed back to the wagon. The Ozac stood there watching everything, a big grin on his face. 
"What's your name, boy?" Crag asked the Tulkarian.
"I'm R-R-Rif.”
Stupid Tulkarian can’t even talk right, Wayden thought.
"Well, R-R-Rif," Crag said. "You’d be wise not to cause any trouble." He motioned with his cane at Wayden. "Toast, show the new boy around. Oh and get my grandmother her stew. That’ll be your job from now on."
Wayden felt like he’d just taken two kicks to the stomach. Showing the Tulkarian around was bad enough, but Crag’s grandmother? She was a known loon.
“Me? But I thought the new maid-“
“The new maid quit last night. Me grandma decided to empty the contents of her chamber pot on her. Now it’s your job.”
“What? That’s not-” Wayden blurted out.
“No arguing, Toast!” Crag raised a hand in threat. He slapped a tarnished key into Wayden's palm. “Get to it.” He turned to Rory, and gestured at the Ozac.  “Is this your new lady friend?”
Rory blushed.  “Master Crag. If you please, this gentleman be wanting to have words with you.”
“And who might you be?” Crag asked with a sneer.
“I’m called Anaz,” the gray man answered. “I’d like a word with you in private.”
“You can like it all you want, you ain’t getting it. We aren’t hiring,” Crag said.
Anaz pulled out another of his coins. “I’ll compensate you for your time.” He handed the money to Crag, whose face lit up the same as Rory's had. 
 “Well, then,” Crag smiled, holding the coin up to the light. “Follow me. What a lucky day this has been.”
Lots of luck. All of it bad.
 Wayden chewed his nails as he watched Crag and Anaz disappear up the wooden staircase that led to Crag’s room. Rory made to follow, but Crag told him to see how the orphans were getting along with the weeding. Rory grumbled and headed back outside.
Wayden’s mind turned to the Ozac again. 
“What do you think this Anaz is up to?” Wayden asked.
“I do not know,” Kolram said. “If he was going to attack us or turn us to the Guard, he’d have done it by now, so I think we can rule that out. Perhaps he is here to get us to use my powers in some way.”
 “I still don’t get how he could know about you or that I know magic,” Wayden mused, “There aren’t any others with magi in their heads, right? And wouldn’t he think I’m too young? There aren’t any other magi my age, right?”
“None that I know of, apart from your brother,” Kolram responded. “Perhaps if you hurry you can listen in to what he is saying with Crag. Fetch the stew quickly from Cook, and you’ll have an excuse to pass their door.” 
Wayden headed towards the kitchen, hauling Rif along behind him. “If I need to show you around, let’s do it.”
Wayden tuned out Kolram’s whiny reprimands. It wasn’t the mage’s mother that had an arrow in her gut, who watched her blood form a lake of grief for the world to drown in. Wayden half hoped Rif would take a swing at him, but instead the Tulkarian just said, "I'm s-s-sorry if I've caused you any trouble.”
Wayden ground his teeth at the sound of the Tulkarian’s voice. Tulkarians, Ozacs, who would come next to the orphanage? A wraith? Perhaps they ought to hang a sign on the orphanage: ‘Cold-blooded Killers wanted.’ Maybe they could get the Striker to stay as well.
“Some Tulkarians are killers, and some aren’t,” Kolram said. “The same with every other race. Wherever the borders fall, people are just people.”
There was no doorknob on the scullery, so Wayden stuck his hand into the hole where one ought to have been. A pair of metal tongs squeezed Wayden's fingers, and Cook cackled. No one liked Cook's jokes except Cook, but he liked them enough for everyone. 
Cook was a man with a thousand warts, hairs growing out of each one. His ears were as thickly forested as his head. "Toast! And who do we have with you?"
"A new boy- Rif," Wayden said, examining his smarting hand. The tongs had left a mark.
A tangy smell wafted through the air as they entered the scullery. Wayden’s hand still smarted, and his anger simmered like the cauldron of stew on the hearth. Two of the orphans were cleaning dishes. The clanging metal sounded like a battle. 
Leaning over a cast-iron cauldron of stew, Cook spooned out a portion and offered it to Rif. “Try this.” 
The brownish-gray stew glistened, a coat of oil blanketing its surface. Rif stared at it suspiciously, lip curled, and eyes wide, as if wary a tentacle might break from its surface and pull him in. Wayden's stomach, on the other hand rumbled. He'd been given a burnt piece of toast for breakfast, and a small portion of oats for lunch. Even Rif’s seashell hair braids looked delicious to Wayden at the moment. And the tray might be worth a bit of gnawing as well.
 “I’m not h-h-hungry.”
“It's going to go into one of your holes, so you pick which." Cook sniggered.
Rif took a taste and then spat out a clump of Cook's hair. Wayden never understood how Cook could have hair left upon his temples when so much of it ended up in the stew. 
Cook slapped his thighs, his warts jiggling with his laugh. 
"Master Crag ordered us to bring food for his grandma," Wayden said.
 “Did he now? Ye’ll be wearing the food, most like.” Cook burst into another round of guffaws.
 “He should charge himself admission to his own show,” Kolram suggested.
“Master Crag asked us to deliver the food quickly,” Wayden added.
Cook gestured to one of the orphans doing the washing. "Get me Healer Berik's powder. We gotta give Mistress Night her calming medicine, before she throws another chamber pot, don’t we?"
The orphan took a vial of yellow powder out of a cabinet.  Cook sprinkled it in a bread bowl of stew. He placed it on a wooden tray and handed it to Rif. 
“We put Mistress Night’s medicine in there to help her sleep. She’s a bit moody. If she lifts up her chamber pot, you’d best duck.” The sound of Cook laughing followed them as they headed out of the scullery.
One of the orphans paused from mopping, and extended his hand to Rif.  “Aye there Tulkarian. I be Handsome Darius. And this here is Little Darius.” He gestured to Little Darius, who was scrubbing the table. 
"Come on, Rif, Crag told us to hurry," Wayden said, yanking the boy behind him. He still hoped to overhear Crag's conversation with Anaz. 
As they headed up the stairs, Rif asked, "Why are so many people round here called D-D-Darius?"
"They're named in honor of the Immortal who founded Vilanos, Darius Dragonking."
“I thought he founded the whole Red Lands of Helos.” 
“He did, but he lived here. Be quiet for a moment, I want to see if I can find out about this Ozac.”
Rif looked puzzled at this, but said nothing as Wayden pressed his ear up against Crag’s door. 
“I can’t afford another guard,” Crag said.
Anaz’s voice had taken on the cordial tone he’d used with Mole-nose. "You don't need to pay me."
“You’ll work here without pay? Why?” 
“I have my reasons. They won’t matter to you,” Anaz said.
“I see. Not asking questions is harder than you might think." 
“You mean more expensive than I thought.” 
Wayden heard the jingling of a purse. That sounded like a fair amount of coin to give away. He had followed Wayden here, and now was paying to work here. Why?
 "Well that ought to buy us brandy for the winter. We’ve a deal!”
Wayden raced away from the door towards Rif as footsteps approached. The door swung open, Crag standing with his arm around the Ozac’s shoulder.
“Toast! Rif! Good, delivering the stew for my grandmother. Nice to see you being prompt for a change,” Master Crag said, beaming. “Say hello to our new guard, Anaz.” Crag’s face hardened after a moment. “Well? Manners, boys.”
Wayden’s tongue wouldn’t operate. The Ozac had stalked him and now he would be in his very home. Wayden couldn’t breathe. Luckily, after an awkward moment, Rif spoke for them, “Congratulations, M-m-master Anaz.”
Anaz slapped Wayden hard on the back. “Why so glum, boy? We’ve had barrels of fun already and I’m sure the future holds much in store for us.”
What did that mean?			
Crag stared into his coin purse admiring his windfall. “Let’s go to the inn for a drink to celebrate. I might buy a new robe while we’re out. I might be a Fire-Whisperer soon.” Crag straightened his hat. “I’ve been selected in the choosing this year. I could be working for the Dracon at the Red Palace."
"What an honor that would be," Anaz said.
Crag and Anaz headed out the front door.
 “H-h-hear anything interesting?”
For a brief moment Wayden considered confiding in the Tulkarian. Then he remembered he hated Tulkarians.
“Not really. Come on then.”
“Th-th-thanks for showing me around.”
The Tulkarian acted polite, but who knew what really lay beneath the surface?
"Exactly,” Kolram said, “It could be good or bad, you don't know. Give the boy a chance."
“Has anyone ever given me a chance? He could be…” An intuition struck Wayden. “He could be the Striker for all we know.”
“Hardly seems likely. What about Mole-nose? The Striker leaves victims without a mark on his body. That mist spell Mole-nose cast- there is something about it-”
"What's your name?" Rif asked, as they proceeded up the staircase, past the storerooms on the fourth floor, towards the fifth and final floor. "It's not really T-T-Toast?"
 “No. My name isn’t Toast. I’m Wayden.” 
 “I had a friend in Tulkaria named Wayden. They drafted him into the mines."
 The stairs spiraled steeply, warped wood creaking with every footfall. Wayden paused when they reached the fifth-floor landing, and peered out the window. There were few buildings as high in Vilanos. The last rays of sunset shone sharp reds and rich purples on the horizon. The night was coming, and Wayden would spend it with an Ozac and a Tulkarian under his roof. Perhaps, a little shove, and there would be no more Tulkarian.
“And who would be the cold-blooded killer then?” Kolram asked.
Kolram was right. It was just he had so much anger inside of himself. He couldn’t direct it at Crag, or Rory, or even Anaz. He had to vent it on someone and Rif was as powerless as he was.
“Save your rage for Gar Skymaster,” Kolram thought. “It was he that ordered the raid. It is he who should face justice.”
 "Is it true a dr-dr-dragon lives in there?" Rif pointed at the Red Palace. The volcanic fortress jutted upwards on the eastern skyline, its craterous tip like a dragon’s mouth, and its sloped sides folded wings. 
"It's true.”
“I’ve never seen one.” 
 “When did you immigrate to Helos?"
"Just a month ago," Rif replied. 
"If you'd grown up here, you’d have seen dozens of them. Even a year ago, you would have seen Volkanus the Fourteenth, flying around on a hunt, or defending the borders of Helos. He's been sick lately, and there hasn't been a hatching in a long while. There is talk that there might be no more dragons soon."
“Ah, there are the Three Temples. The Mercy is that way. That’s where Ma and I lived.”
Wayden didn’t envy Rif. Crime was even worse in the Mercy than it was in Vilanos. 
“So you lived near the Wall of Flames?” Wayden asked.
 Far past the temple stood the Wall of Flame. Fiery plumes of lava bursting upwards for as far as the eye could see. Wayden dreamt he’d see the Wall for himself someday.
“The wall was str-str-strange. No heat came from it, but they say if you touched it you were burnt. How l-l-long have you been in the orphanage?" 
"Seven years ago, a Tulkarian loosed an arrow into my mother. Been here ever since."
"I'm s-s-sorry."
Wayden spat on the stairs. "Aye, well, so was she."
"I hate T-T-Tulkar.”
This caught Wayden off guard. “Why?” 
"Well, what the Diamond Kings have done to it, anyway. They’ve restarted the slave trade. My ma and I, we r-r-ran away. But my sisters and my father were enslaved…” Rif wiped something from his eye. “What about your father? Was he killed by Tulkarians too?”
 "My father disappeared a decade ago, leading a quest to bring Gar Skymaster to justice. If that wasn’t cause enough for me to hate the Sky Raiders, they ransacked my hometown, kidnapped my brother, and killed my mother.” Wayden paused for a moment. Kolram was right. This boy was not to blame. When I turn sixteen, I'm going to become a free-sword and rescue my father and brother, if they’re still alive. I’ll see the Skymaster will pay for what he’s done. What do you think you’ll do when you turn of age?"
"I don't know," Rif answered. “I’m not much good with a sword. I’m not much good with anything. There are a lot of the Sky R-R-Raiders, aren't there? And they have winged wolves. Are you sure you can fight all of them?”
"I'm sure.”  Wayden wasn’t truly sure. Part of him knew it was foolish to take on the Sky Raiders singlehandedly.
At the same time the thought of it kept him going. 
Rif didn’t seem bad, but Wayden still worried about the Ozac. What could Wayden do about it though? Talking to the authorities was out. Even if they believed Wayden had never cast a spell in his life, it might not matter. Kolram suspected Dracon Niar might be collecting the magi for some nefarious purpose, and the unauthorized magic ban was just an excuse for it.
 One of Kolram’s memories was of the Dracon summoning him and the other Grandmasters to a temple the day they were murdered. The Dracon commanded them to stand on the inner ring of the temple. He ordered them to wear blindfolds to ‘increase their concentration.’ After that the memories all went dark. Suspicious to say the least. But what could be done about it? The king will do what he will, and kill who he will kill, as the saying went.
Crag yelled from downstairs. How much time had Wayden wasted gawking at the scenery? The last rays of the sunset were gone, and the sky was a canopy of stars.
"Crag will be up here with his whip if we don’t get moving," Wayden said.
Wayden removed the brass keys from his pocket and fumbled in the dim light to find the lock. With a click, the door opened.
They entered Crag’s grandmother’s small chamber. The stench from Mistress Night’s chamber pot made Wayden crinkle his nose. On a small table, weighted down by an ink pot, the corner of a yellowed parchment fluttered. A trio of candle flames danced in the cool breeze that crept through billowing curtains.
 A large cauldron of water was mounted on a brazier in the corner of the room. Wayden’s brother, Mavik, had owned a similar one, emblazoned with an eye, the symbol of the Splashers. Was Crag’s grandmother a water prophetess? More importantly, where was Mistress Night? A cross breeze tugged at Wayden.
He stared at the fluttering curtains on the open window. Then he heard it. From the window ledge. An old woman’s cackle. 
Chapter 3							
Stars and Rats

If you want to be a Hero, be one. There is no secret to it. – Kolram

-<>-

Wayden rushed to the window and stuck his head out. Night stood on the ledge, dressed in a white bed gown, staring through a telescope. The wind whipped at her long, ghost-white hair and her sleeping gown flapped against her legs. A shooting star flew past.  Turning to look at it, she almost plummeted from the narrow ledge. Wayden swallowed.  If Crag’s grandmother fell four stories on Wayden’s first day on the job, he’d be accused of murder. 
"Mistress!” Wayden pleaded. “Please come back inside!"
Night turned and cackled. Her face was a crosshatch of scars. "Why don't you come get me?"
 “Please, Mistress. You’ll fall.”
"Come out here with me, or else..." Mistress Night said, dangling a leg over the edge. 
"If I come out there, will you come back in with me?" 
She nodded, the wind blowing her white hair like a flag of surrender.
Wayden took a breath and pulled himself onto the ledge. His knees wobbled as he inched sideways. He could see street-dwellers’ tiny fires flickering below, as well as the illuminated windows from shops and homes. The cobblestone street would not buffer a five-story fall. Cool air blew past him, yet sweat still trickled down his forehead, stinging his eyes. The world twirled beneath him. 
Night spun towards Wayden, moving her face within a hair's breadth of his own. He thought they would both plummet. By some miracle he kept his balance. 
Her breath carried the smell of dead fish, as she leant in and kissed Wayden on the lips. He tasted cod liver oil. His stomach heaved. Upon physical contact, Kolram's Glimpser powers took Wayden. His skin tingled and his mind flashed from black to white, and a twirling sensation overtook him, as he spun deeper and deeper into Night’s mind. 
Then it was as if he was a young Night, clutching her dolly, watching snow pile against the window. She was waiting in the cabin for her mother to return. Half afraid she wouldn’t, and half afraid she would.
She eyed the trapdoor mother had forbidden her to enter. Something dangerous lived down there. Night took the key from under the statuette. Mother had thought she’d been sleeping when she hid it there. With a click, she unlocked it. Lifting up the trap door, revealed a long dark tunnel. There was no telling how far it stretched.
Just as quickly as it had come, Night’s memories dissipated. Wayden pulled away, sputtering. He grabbed the ridge between the wooden sideboards. Even so, he barely kept his balance.
Night snickered. "You didn't like my kiss?"
Wayden couldn’t speak. Couldn’t breathe.
"Mistress N-N-Night,” Rif called from the window. “You promised you would come back in.”
"A promise made is a promise kept." Night handed Wayden her telescope. He stared at it trying to remember if he was in a cabin in the snow or on a ledge. Looking down he could see it was the latter. They clambered back through the window. Rif helped Night down from the ledge and latched the window shut behind her.
“Let us celebrate!” Night threw her arms into the air and spun, her sleeping gown billowing out like an upside down lily.
"C-c-celebrate what?" Rif asked, looking as pale as Wayden felt.
"The future,” Night replied. “For the future is dark, and darkness belongs to the night. The Eve of the Three Moons is coming.”
“Three Moons' N-N -Night,” Rif said. “My birthday.” 
His birthday. Wayden’s as well. Could it be a coincidence? Rif, Wayden, and his twin-brother Mavik shared the same birthday. He thought of the strange pulling sensation he felt connecting him to Rif and Mavik. Did it have something to do with their sharing the same day of naming?
“Your next birthday will be one you will never forget.”
 “Why? Wh-wh-what’s going to happen?” Rif asked.
“My grandmother shall be freed,” Night said. Storm clouds seemed to swirl in her eyes. Then they pulsed black for a moment.
“The grandmother of Grandma Night,” Kolram thoughts resonated through Wayden’s skull. “She must be a Descendant of an Immortal, if she is still alive.”
"How long can Descendants of Immortals live?”
"Have you paid attention to nothing I've taught?” Kolram sighed. “The sons and daughters of Immortals can live thousands of years. Less direct descendants can be hundreds of years old.”
“Where did the Immortals come from anyway?”
“A good question. Most agree they fell from the sky three millennia ago, but no one ever knew where they came from before that.” 
Night poked Wayden. “Are you still with us boy? You looked like you are sleeping on your feet.”
“Sorry, I do that sometimes.”
Rif stepped towards Night. "Is there anything we c-c-can get for you?"
Night fixed him with a stare. “Hoping for a kiss, too?" She cackled at Rif’s blushing face. "I'm only jesting, boy. No need to do an impression of a tomato. Sing me the song of Night.”
Wayden surprised himself by standing up for Rif. “Leave him alone. There's no need to make fun―”
Sweet notes emerged from Rif’s lips. Wayden’s mouth fell open as he listened to Rif sing a beautiful haunting ballad, with no trace of his stutter or Tulkarian accent:

Fire burn with your dark light
Shine your soul, shine tonight
Bring her back, bring back my mother
Mother mine, Mother Night
Stolen she was, stolen from me
For the sake of men's hatred, for the sake of their greed
Mother mine, Mother Night
Bring her back, back to me

Robed in red, robed in gold
Day is harsh, the gaudy light
Mother is cloaked in the shades of the dead
The stars stitch silver with a mysterious thread
Bring back my fire, bring back me night

Night sighed and closed her eyes. "Lovely. I'll have that stew, now."
Wayden’s stomach grumbled as he passed the bowl. 
"I'm sorry your grandson l-l-locks you in here," Rif said.
"The door isn’t locked, and what is so bad about here? I have the stars and the rats to keep me company. It's as good a place to wait. My grandmother waits too, beneath the Earth, trapped by Guardians." 
“Who is your grandmother?” Wayden asked.
 Night stepped over to the closed window and placed her palms against the glass. "Once I waited for months in a snowy cabin until my mother returned. Waiting. We are all waiting. Waiting for a prince to come. My prince is death." 
“What do you m-m-mean?” Rif asked.
She turned back towards Wayden and Rif, smiling, moonlight dancing in her eyes. "Here I have fish stew and sleep powder. My grandson is a fool, but I make use of him. He attempts to please those holy men, the Fire Whisperers. He thinks one day he'll join them at the Court of Flame. He dreams of a veil, when he could have the world. I have faith in the Shadows. The shadows are coming. My grandmother will be awoken. And you boy." She gestured at Wayden. “Will do the awakening.”
Wayden chewed his lip. He knew prophecy was real. Mavik had painted the water color of his mother with the red flower on her dress the day before she was killed. But Night’s behavior was so erratic, what was true prophecy and what was just the ravings of a mad woman?
 She yawned and rubbed her eyes. "Ah, leave me boys; I feel the sleep coming on. Perhaps my prince is sleep." 
Rif and Wayden left, bearing dirty dishes and the foul smelling chamber pot. Night's voice resonated in the dark stairwell behind them.
“Mother is cloaked in the shades of the dead.”
Rif and Wayden entered the sleeping quarters, a plain room with rushes laid on the hard wood. Several of the boys lounged amidst the fibrous reeds. Big Darius threw a mumbly ball against the wall, but Cursed Darius caught it and shouted, “Mumbly!” Big Darius swore, and reluctantly handed over a copper to Cursed Darius. 
Cursed Darius pocketed the ball with a smirk. "Who's cursed tonight, huh?" 
Rif looked around. "Where are the sleeping p-p-pallets?"
“No sleeping pallets," Wayden said.
"Don't they give us bl-bl-blankets?" Rif asked.
Big Darius pushed Rif’s shoulder, none too gently. "Don't they give us bl-bl-blankets?” Big Darius’s voice, was a high-pitched mockery of Rif’s. “Shut yer yap, yah wraithin' Tulkarian."
“Leave him alone.” Kazor stepped between Rif and Big Darius.
 Kazor was as tall as Big Darius, but not nearly as bulky. 
Big Darius shoved Kazor backwards a step. “You a Tulkarian-lover? Got yourself a new boyfriend?”
Kazor shoved back. Ugly, Handsome, Fish-face, and Blabber-Mouth Darius gathered around like flies to droppings. They chanted, “Fight! Fight! Fight!” 
Rory’s voice called through the ceiling: “I don’t wanna be hearin’ a peep. You make me come down there, and ye’ll be regretting it something fierce.”
Big Darius ran a finger across his throat, and pointed at Kazor, then went off to his corner. 
“You stand there and do nothing?” Kolram asked.
Wayden's stomach tightened. “What is it you want me to do? You might be some great Grandmaster, but I can't cast a spell, or they'll throw me in prison. I’m no one, alright?”
"You waver back and forth from believing you can defeat the Sky Raiders single-handedly and thinking you're nothing at all,” Kolram said, “The truth lies in between. Everyone’s lives are important, and we all play a role. Whether yours will be for more good or ill, remains in your hands.”
Rif approached Kazor, his eyes glistening. "Th-th-thank you, Kazor. That was very br-br-brave.”
"Don't think anything of it," Kazor said. He looked pointedly at Wayden. "Any decent person would have done the same." 
Wayden flushed. He’d done it again. Just like when he’d stood by while Quiet Darius was beaten up by Big Darius. Kazor had been furious at Wayden when he’d heard about it. "How could you have done nothing to help him?" 
Kazor, Little, and Quiet Darius had stopped speaking to Wayden after that. They were right. He should have tried. And now he’d repeated his failure.
	"I'm no hero. I’m a coward," Wayden thought.
	"If you want to be a hero, be one,” Kolram said, “There is no secret to it."
	A draft seeped through the wooden floorboards. Without blankets, the orphans squished together for heat. They teased each other about it, but all ended up huddling. For Wayden, this meant sometimes he would unintentionally set off Kolram's Glimpser powers. Wayden relived whatever memory the Glimpse happened to pick up on- usually not the pleasant ones. 
Wayden as a rule guarded against touching- but the connection he felt with Rif made him curious. If he touched Rif, would the Tulkarian wake, and wonder what Wayden was up to? Wayden decided to chance it. His fingers touched the Tulkarian's wrist. He let his mind swirl with Rif's, entering deep into Rif’s being, until he felt he was the Tulkarian.
Rif and his mother walked through a row of shops in the Mercy, bearing wicker baskets overflowing with wet laundry. The light from the yellow and orange moons intermingled, and reflected off the wet cobblestones. 
Rif’s mother hummed a Tulkarian tune, a haunting melody. Freckles dotted her high cheekbones. It was a busy day, and they had not gotten around to laundry until after dinner. Rif did not want to bother, but his mother couldn’t abide wearing dirty clothes. “Just because we haven’t much coin, doesn’t mean we have to dress in our own filth."
 They passed the Purple Dragon's Inn. The scent of tobacco and whiskey filled the alleyway. Cracked glass sprawled across the window like the strands of a spider's web. Through the broken window, Rif could hear a bard tuning his drum harp. He picked a few notes and then struck the opening chords to The Dragon and the Princess. 
Rif’s mother shook her head. “I have gotten used to their food, but I’ll never get used to what the Helesians call music. It sounds like a cat being gutted.”
The crowd in the pub shouted, "Hey!" at the end of every fourth line.
A large, smelly drunk staggered out of the bar, the reek of alcohol strong on him. He flicked a matted tangle of dirty blond hair away from his bloodshot eyes. His stained robe dragged along the ground as he stumbled towards Rif and his mother. 
The knight he came to save the lass
and shoved his lance up the dragon's...
“Hey!” the crowd in the tavern shouted, as the man stepped onto the street.
Rif and his mother turned left at a junction, and the song faded. Rif glanced behind him. The drunk followed, leering with bloodshot eyes. Rif clenched the laundry basket, his knuckles whitening.
"Hey! Come here, you Tulkarian whore!" the man shouted. "Come here. I've got something for you."
Rif’s mother whispered, "Walk faster."
They turned again, and the drunk charged forward a jagged knife in hand. As Rif screamed, the man grabbed Rif's mother and put the knife against her neck. "Lock thy lips boy, or I'll slit her open."
The laundry spilled into a puddle on the muddy cobblestone. Their linens turned from white to a scummy brown. 
 “Help me, Arth.” Rif thought.
His skull itched and his head throbbed, the telltale signs that the Grandmaster was about to communicate. A deep voice sounded from inside Rif’s mind, “Kill him first. Suck his soul out.”
"I can't. I've never killed anyone," Rif thought.
“Come on, darling,” the drunk said. “Into the alley. We’ll have some fun, me and you."
Rif's mother tried to pull loose, but the drunk held her firm.
“Go Rif,” his mother said. “Run. I’ll be fine.” The terror in her eyes betrayed her lie.
"You have to cast the spell,” Arth said, “He'll kill her if you don't. Don't kill him if you're afraid to, you can use the spell to render him weak, then return his spirit." 
Soul-stealing magic could go out of control if Rif wasn't careful. Anger and fear made it temperamental. He might end up killing his own mother by mistake, but there was no other option.
Rif dropped his basket, tapped his fingers upon his temples, and chanted, "Beast-like man with your steel tooth, let your soul and core come loose."
The drunk froze in mid-step, dropping the knife and gripping at his own throat as if he were choking. A white mist arose from his pale, blue lips and clung there. His eyes bulged and he gagged. A body needed its soul, as much as it needed oxygen. The man slumped to the ground. 
 "Finish him," Arth said.
“I can't,” Rif thought.
"You're weak."
"Leave him alone, Arth,” A woman spoke in Rif’s mind. “Knock him out, but don't kill him, Rif."
Rif let the soul slide back into the unconscious man, glancing around. Had anyone seen him using magic? The street was empty. He and his mother hurried home, tears running down their cheeks.
	The Glimpse began to fade, but Wayden didn't let go of it. He was fascinated- another soul host. He wanted to learn more, though it could be dangerous to Glimpse too deeply into someone’s mind. He chanced it.
The scene of the memory switched, like a dream moving to a new location. 
It was an autumn afternoon. Rif gathered firewood by a pine grove, uphill from his cottage. Fallen pine needles crunched beneath his worn leather shoes. A girl with plaited red hair was gathering wood as well. She smiled at him, an innocent smile. 
Everything went dark. He opened his eyes. He was in a different part of the woods and the sky had turned gray. 
Rif must have had one of his blackouts. They'd happen sometimes, especially when he saw a pretty red-haired girl. He wondered if there was something wrong with him, but they were too poor to hire a healer. It had been a long blackout, for it was at least a notch of the sundial later.
He finished gathering the wood and headed home. He was nearly back when the clouds burst, a downpour of water soaking him. He rushed into their hovel, where his mother already had a cauldron boiling on the hearth.
 “You're wet as a water weasel!" His mother opened a chest, and fetched him a dry robe. "What took you so long? I was so worried."
He stripped off his damp robe. The rain hammered against the roof and a flash of lightning illuminated their hide-covered windows. 
 “I bl-bl-blacked out again."
They sat on the floor with their bowls of soup. 
 “Perhaps we need leeches for you?”
"I'm f-f-fine," Rif said.
A loud knock sounded on their pine door. "Open up, in the name of the Dracon, ruler of Helos, the Red Land of Fire and Light."
Terror gripped Rif. They know I used magic.
His mother opened the door and a cold wind made the hearth-fire dance. She spoke the common tongue with a strong accent, “What you want?” 
A sallow-faced officer was illuminated by a flash of lightning. He was garbed in a red surcoat, which marked him as a high-ranking Flame.  Behind him, followed half a dozen soldiers, marked as ordinary Flickers by their orange capes. 
One of the Flickers held a magic eater on a leash. The creature was slug-like, about the size of a fox. Rif felt his Source energy drain from his body.
 "They're dampening my power. They know I used magic." A hot lick of terror shot up his spine. “They’re going to arrest me.”
Their attacker from the other night stood behind the soldiers. He was no longer drunk, but clean shaven and dressed in a fresh robe. He pointed a wet finger at Rif and his mother. “That’s them! They used magic on me for no good reason. I were just being friendly.”
The Flame adjusted his helm. “Alright. Get lost, slime.”
"What about me reward? I reported unauthorized magic, I did."
The Flame raised his cudgel threateningly, "Here's your reward. Now get lost, or I'll give it to you." 
The drunk scurried off.
The Flame grabbed Rif's mother's arm and pulled her out into the rain. "Tulkarian, you stand accused of practicing unauthorized magic. By authority of the Dracon, you are under arrest."
"No!” Rif rushed out into the rain and towards the Flame. “Pl-pl-please. It wasn't her. It was me."
“No, son,” Rif’s mother said. “Don’t lie to protect me. Of course it was me.”
“N-n-no. She’s lying to protect me!”
The Flame laughed. "You a mage, boy? You think because we're soldiers we don't know it takes decades to learn magic?"
“It was nice of you to try to protect your mother,” A dark-haired Flicker whispered. 
"You should arrest that m-m-man not either of us. He was going to kill us," Rif pleaded. “He took a knife to my mother!”
The Flame waved his gauntleted hand. "Your mother will receive a full and fair trial at the Court of Flames. You two, take the boy to the Home for the Unadoptables. No one will adopt a Tulkarian." The Flicker turned to the other two Flickers. "You two take the woman to the Red Palace."
Flickers tied ropes around Rif's and his mother's wrists.
A bald Flicker asked, “What if the boy is a wizard?”
“A child wizard? Even if he was, it wouldn’t matter,” the Flame said. “No one can cast a spell with their hands bound.”
The Flicker shrugged. “I don’t fancy being turned into a toad.”
"Why not? It'd only improve you."
Hoof beats thundered from around the corner. A female Flicker with damp blonde hair rode up on horseback. She rode up so fast that for a moment Rif feared she would trample them, but the horse came abruptly to a stop. “The Striker struck again ,Sir… a red-haired girl...no marks upon her body. Down by the pine grove.”
The pine grove, Rif thought with dismay. Was it the girl I saw? She smiled at me. She seemed so nice and pretty.
"Wraithin' hell. Take me to the corpse. The rest of you carry out your orders. Move," the Flame ordered.
Rif was forced into the back of the wagon. The dark-haired Flicker manacled himself to Rif. The rain stopped, but Rif was wet and shivering. 
Rif’s mother was thrown in the back of a different wagon. Tears welled in Rif's eyes.
“Mother,” he croaked. 
"Be brave, Sweet Possum," Rif's mother called to him as her wagon pulled away from his. “Be strong.”
The Glimpse passed, and Wayden opened his eyes. "Poor Rif. He's been through as much as me, in his own way."
“Interesting!" Kolram said. "Rif hosts Grandmaster Arth. Arth practiced soul-stealing, the same magic the man with the mole nose was using in that alley."
"There’s someone like me! Except…” Then Wayden’s stomach churned.
“Except, is he a murderer?” Kolram finished Wayden’s thought.
“Rif blacked out and a corpse turned up with no marks upon it. Soul-stealing wouldn’t leave marks, would it?"
“Correct, but does Rif seem the murdering type to you? He didn't even want to kill the drunk who attacked them.”
"Hmmm…true…” Wayden chewed his lip. “There was a woman inside Rif as well. I wonder who that was. Could that have been one of his murder victims?"
"We mustn't jump to conclusions."
Wayden thought for a moment. "Perhaps Rif wasn't doing it intentionally. He has Arth inside him. Could he have taken over Rif, when he blacked out? Could Arth be the Striker?" 
“Let’s not jump to conclusions. Rif or Arth, either one had the opportunity to murder you on the dark stairwell, but chose not to." 
Wayden couldn’t sleep. It was hard when the person next to you might be a host to a murderer. 

Chapter 4
The Red Screw

Ah, that clears it up then. I'm a red screw. – Wayden

-<>-  

Wayden had only just fallen asleep when the ring-a-ding-ding of Cook’s breakfast bell roused him. 
The orphans leapt up and raced for the stairwell. The larger Dariuses shoved the smaller ones out of the way. Pulling rotted rushes from his tangled hair, Wayden stumbled downstairs, half asleep. 
He waited in line, watching the best pieces of bread being snatched. When Wayden and Rif finally had their turn, Cook handed Wayden a burnt piece of bread and Rif a moldy one.
"Toast for Toast and... purple-mold bread for the Tulkarian." Cook laughed.
Charcoal crumbs fell from the crust as Wayden bit into the blackened bread. Kazor broke off two corners of his bread and handed one to Wayden and the other to Rif. 
 “Why are you being so k–k-kind?” Rif asked.
Kazor shrugged. “Being kind is all I got left.” 
Wayden felt his face flush; remembering how Kazor had stood up for Rif the previous evening, while he himself had done nothing.
"I hope one day I can be like Kazor," Wayden thought.
"Hoping is the first step to making it so,” Kolram replied.
	“Toast!” Cook called out. “You’re on dish duty!”
	With a sigh, Wayden reached his hand through the doorknob hole half expecting a pair of tongs to seize him again.
"What do you think Anaz's game is?” Wayden asked Kolram, while scrubbing a dish. “Why doesn’t he just turn me in to the Fire Guard?”
“You might need to employ a method most desperate: asking. Though my anatomy is gone, I am a fellow male, and therefore understand your hesitation to debase yourself by using primitive methods such as communication. However, there are times when one must swallow one's pride and simply ask."
For Wayden, it was more skepticism than pride. Why would Anaz reveal his intentions now if he hadn’t done so already?
The last of the dishes done, Wayden left Cook and headed upstairs. Crag, Cook, Rory, and Anaz each had their own chambers on the third floor. The Ozac occupied the room that had belonged to Night’s former maid. The maid had been of the Sunken Faith, and a piece of Driftwood was still nailed to her door.
“Communication.” Wayden shook his head. “Like this will work.”
Wayden’s skepticism turned to curiosity at the sound of a woman’s voice from behind Anaz’s door. 
 "Both of them? Here?" The woman’s voice had the deep accent distinct to Mantus. 
“The Gods above have indeed shone upon us!" Anaz said.
“There is no mistake this time? You are sure?" the Mantu asked.
"He looks exactly the same," Anaz said. "Except..."
"Except what?"
"In my vision, the boy didn't have a burn mark, but I only glimpsed the side of his face."
A prophecy about me? Was that what brought Anaz here?
"And the other?" the Mantu asked.
"A short Tulkarian boy, with seashells braided in his hair. And the Fire Guard brought him right here for me."
“The boy who will breathe out souls. It can’t be a coincidence.”
Wayden shook his head. They’re as mad as Night. The boy who would breathe souls? Rif could breathe souls in, not out. It made no sense. Crag’s door, a few steps away from Wayden, rattled and began to open. There was no time to run away. 
 Master Crag stood in the doorway. "Spying, Toast?" 
With one hand, Crag grabbed Wayden’s wrist and squeezed. His breath stank of whiskey. Crag was always most dangerous when drunk.
"I was just..." Wayden's mind spun, seeking an excuse. 
Then Rory's door swung open. "What's going on?"
In a flash, he thought of an excuse. "Ah, Master Rory. I'm here to write your love letter."
Rory's face turned crimson.
Crag let out a loud laugh, releasing Wayden’s wrist.  "A love letter." He slapped his side and snot bubbled in his nose. "A love letter!"

-<>-  

That afternoon, Wayden was sweeping the main room when Healer Berik and his daughter arrived for one of their monthly visits. 
“Ah, welcome, Lordship.  Mistress Night hasn’t been doing well lately,” Cook said, pushing open the knob-less door to the scullery. 
Berik ducked as he followed Cook into the kitchen. 
Wayden tried to catch some words of Berik and Cook’s conversations, but it was primarily about Night and dosages and Wayden soon lost interest. Berik's daughter, Verica, a girl about Wayden’s age, sat on a stool in the corner of the main room fingering her golden mumbly ball, looking bored. Beneath her curly red bangs, Wayden glimpsed her infamous scar. That dark gash had been the source of more speculation than the Striker himself. It seemed to sparkle, as if when you peered into it, you were seeing the night sky. Other times, it seemed to hold a black liquid in it, thick and viscous like bubbling tar. 
Big Darius suspected Verica was a devil, while Handsome thought a wraith possessed her. Rory claimed it was because Berik practiced black magic, whereas Crag theory was it was advanced Kaldian science. Wayden didn’t know what it was, but it sure made his skin prickle.
The boys had been warned not to mention the scar, not even to look at it.  One of the former orphans, Stiff Darius, had called her a freak in front of Healer Berik and was put out on the streets.
“Don’t stare at it,” Wayden told himself. “Don’t stare at it.”
	The girl met his gaze. “What are you looking at, burnt boy?”
	Wayden’s cheeks grew warm. “Sorry.”
	“It’s alright. What’s your name? Burnt Darius?” Verica threw him the ball.
	“Wayden. I’m from Templeton,” he said, missing the ball, which Verica retrieved on a bounce. Wayden was as common in Templeton as Darius was in Vilanos. Wayden the Wanderer had created the most commonly used maps of the world, having ridden from northern Helos to all four walls of the world.
  Wayden tried not to look at the scar, but it seemed his eyes gravitated there on their own accord. The scar didn’t look like the night sky or bubbling tar. It was more like staring into a campfire that shed darkness instead of light.
“Well, Wayden. Fair trade. You want to know how I got my scar, and I want to know how you got that burn mark.” She threw the ball to him again. This time he caught it.
Could he bare his soul to a stranger? She was right though, it was fair. He sighed and threw the ball back. She snatched it effortlessly.
 “Alright,” Wayden said, determined to give her the driest account possible of the day his world ended. “When I was little, Sky Raiders pillaged my town. They torched our home. We escaped through the back door, but a burning chunk of the rafters landed on me as we ran through the scullery. Hurt worse than a bee down the britches. What about you?"
	 “There was an accident. When I was little. An explosion in my father's laboratory. They had to stitch me back together.”
	“But why is it black?" The words leapt out of Wayden’s mouth before he could stop them. "I’ve never seen a scar like that.” Wayden wondered if he'd gone too far. Would he be joining Stiff Darius out on the street?
 “My father used advanced Kaldian techniques to save me.”
	 “Impossible,” Kolram said.
	 “I thought in Kaldia they had all sorts of things we don’t have: fireworks, wind-up clocks, wood prints―”
	“No, this is something far beyond fireworks."
	The Draconess's Healer emerged from the scullery just as Crag wobbled down the stairs, a half-empty bottle of brandy in his hand. 
	"Ah, Lord Healer Berik! Glad you could finally make it!" Crag took a chug from his bottle and let out a belch. "Did you get the dosages worked out? My grandma is acting even stranger of late- ranting about soul mists and Asgaroth and Three Moons' Night and all sorts of things. We’ve been through more maids than half the gigolos in Helos."
	Verica perked up. “What did she say about Asgaroth? About Three Moon’s Night?”
“What business is this of yours, Verica?” Berik said. “Mind your place. Adults are speaking.”
Verica reddened. Wayden empathized. She couldn’t have been far from Wayden’s age, yet her father treated her like a babe in swaddling clothes.
Berik proceeded into a diatribe about dosages and medications. Wayden was more interested in Verica. Why would Verica be as interested in Asgaroth and Three Moons' Night? If only Wayden could find some way to speak with Verica in private. But how? She lived far away in the distant volcanic palace.

-<>-  

	The next day, Wayden went again to speak to Anaz.  This time, as he hesitated at the threshold, he overheard no conversations. 
If I want to be a hero, be a hero. He knocked. He hoped he wouldn’t regret this.
	"Come in," Anaz called.
	In the center of the room was a Raslonian Mobile, a hodge-podge of wires, screws, bolts, plaster, linens and strips of metal crisscrossing in every direction. Shaping tools, measuring cups, and buckets, dirtied with remnants of white plaster, littered the floor.
	"Ah, Wayden. How are you?" Anaz said, with a smile that revealed two inch fangs.
	Wayden feigned calmness, he hid his trembling hands in his pockets. “Good evening, Sir.” Now how to get him to talk? Use a lie to catch a liar. “Is your sister still visiting?” 
	“My sister?” 
	“Well, I assume she was your sister. I heard you speaking with a woman the other day.” Now to see if he takes the bait.
	“Ah, yes, you heard that. I thought I heard a mouse creeping outside my door. I see the walls of the orphanage have ears and wagging tongues. No, my sister had to return to the beautiful snowy plains of Raslo. Only passing through, alas.”
	Got you. "Ah, so your sister is a Mantu?  Is your mother an Ozac and a Mantu then?"
	Anaz narrowed his eyes, stepping over to a peg where his sword belt hung. "You try me, boy. She is my half-sister, and a half-Mantu, if you must know. Who are you to question me like the Helesian Fire Guard?"
	He can’t frighten me with that big sword. He said himself, if he wanted me dead, he’d have done it by now. “Why did you follow me?"
	"Why would I be following an orphan boy?" Anaz asked, fingering the hilt. “I simply happened to notice you had gotten yourself into trouble in the alleyway and decided to help you out. Is that so wrong?”
	"Just helping me out. I see. Probably a coincidence that you showed up here right after and took a job for no pay."
	"I'm not your enemy, Wayden."
	"You're not my friend either."
	"No...I'm not your friend. But you serve my purpose. Observe this mobile." 
	Wayden studied the sculpture. "It’s beautiful.” 
Anaz gestured to the mobile and tapped a tiny, red screw at the center of the wires. “This is you.”
	Wayden threw up his hands. "Ah, that clears it up then. I'm a red screw. I had thought I might be a blue nail for a while, so thanks."
	Anaz laughed. "Wayden, Wayden, Wayden. There is a time for talking and a time for listening. I’ll say this once.” Anaz leaned in, his red eyes and gray skin inches from Wayden. His breath smelled of fire salmon and onion. “When things are balanced, they must stay balanced. To tell you more would be like loosening the screw. It’s a link. Would the sculpture stay in place? Perhaps, but maybe not.” He grabbed Wayden by the arm and dragged him towards the door. “I've said as much as I can or will. Now go."
Another prophet speaking of junctures, like his brother Mavik and Mistress Night. They were cropping up like weeds. What was the good of prophets anyway? 
The day prior to the Sky Raider attack Mavik had painted one of his watercolor prophecies. It was of a one-eyed vulture with the bloody beak, standing over his mother who was clutching a red flower to her dress. They had known something bad was coming, but had that stopped the Skymaster’s raiders from destroying Wayden’s home, the Tulkarian from firing the arrow? Had it froze the blood that flowed from her wound? No. All he had done was foreseen it, a red flower blooming on her dress. 
Chapter 5
         Coppers and Bronzes

It’s there around you. Like air, everywhere, yet easy to miss. - Kolram
-<>-  
	
The next day was an unseasonably warm autumn day in the city of Vilanos, the type of day that made Wayden's circumstances almost bearable. Through the doorway, he could see the broad leaves on the horse chestnut tree donning their brightest red. Sunlight blanketed him and the warmth of it was medicine for his soul. He and Rif followed the other orphans into the yard.
Wayden took a step… and Rory's beefy hand grabbed his cloaked arm. "Not you, Toast: floor duty.” Rory gestured at the mop and bucket of water in the corner of the main room. “The Draconess is coming, we need this placed tip top." 
Wayden's heart sank faster than a rowboat hit by a two-ton boulder. "Why me?" 
Rory leant towards him and whispered, “Shouldn’t have told Crag about me love letters, should you?”
Rif turned around in the doorway, the sunlight painting him with an angelic glaze. "I'll m-m-mop, sir."
"There’s your evil Tulkarian," Kolram said. "Except this one tries to take the arrow for you."
Rory glowered at Rif. "Did I ask ya? Get out in the yard with the others and do the weeding, before I belt your scrawny arse." Rory lifted his hand and Rif scurried off. 
Wayden, a fire of anger ablaze in his chest, grabbed the mop. He swabbed the floor as if it were an enemy that needed bludgeoning. "This is Rory."  He thrust again. "Gar Skymaster." And again. "The Ozac that killed Nanny. The Tulkarian archer. Anaz. Crag. Rory, Rory, Rory. Why aren't I allowed outside? Why does life always give me the burnt slice of toast?"
"Rif tried to take the mopping duty for you,” Kolram said, “Kazor stood up for Rif. ’Tis true, some are cruel, and more apathetic, but do not lose sight of the beauty in this world."
"Beauty? You see beauty in this place?"
"It’s there around you. Like air, everywhere, yet easy to miss.  It’s in the ruby-red leaves on the chestnut tree, the patterns in its bark, in the caress of the sunlight. It's in Rif and it's in you."
"All I see are burnt slices of bread, Cook's warts, and dingy floorboards."
Wayden mopped another stroke, this time imagining smashing Kolram with his stick. Too bad Kolram was already dead. Or was he? He was awfully talkative for a dead guy.
“I suppose I need a new category for my status." Kolram mused.
"Mostly dead? Life challenged?" Wayden suggested.
"Elegant suggestions. I thank you heartily. Perhaps Kolram will suffice for the present."
“That’s it! Kolram the stiff!”
“No.”
Teasing Kolram and the exertion of mopping improved Wayden's mood a drop, which was more than it did for the floor. "Master Rory, this isn't getting any cleaner. Can I get some more soap?" There was hardly enough of it in the bucket of dirty water.
Rory mocked Wayden's voice, in a soprano, "Master Rory, can I please get some soap? Y’ain't in your manor anymore. Put some muscles into it, Lord Toast!” 
Wayden put muscle into it: This is Rory. This is Rory. And this is Rory. Perhaps Rory's next love letter might read differently than dictated. ‘Dearest Honey Suckle. You look like an Ozac’s back end.’ The idea made Wayden smile.
"What you smiling at, Toast?" Master Crag sauntered in, chewing tobacco. Master Crag sauntered in, chewing tobacco, brand new, towering, quadruple-brimmed hat adorned with pink feathers teetered on his head. Wayden bit back a laugh at Crag's fashion statement. 
Crag glowered at Wayden. "What are you staring at, Toast?" 
"An excellent question,” Kolram said. “What in the world are we staring at?"
“A pig dressed as a peacock,” Wayden suggested. "You know what, you're right, Kolram. There is beauty in the world, and his name is Crag."
Kolram chuckled. “He does make quite a striking figure.” 
"Sorry, sir,” Wayden said aloud. “Just admiring your hat."
 "Well, I suppose I can't fault you for that,” Crag said, looking pleased. “But there is no time for hat-gazing. The Draconess is coming," He hung his pink-feathered atrocity on a hook. "Clear the mugs, wipe the table, and lay a cloth. This place better be spotless when she arrives." 
Wayden shook his head. If his mother had been preparing for a visit from a dignitary half the rank of the Draconess, she'd have hired extra staff a month early to have the manor scoured from top to bottom. Crag had one of his orphans tidying for a few moments before she arrived. And no doubt Wayden would be blamed if the Draconess complained of the slightest bit of mess.
Wayden put the mop away and busied himself tidying. It always surprised Wayden that anyone of the Draconess's stature would bother to visit this dump, but the Draconess seemed to enjoy it. For her, it seemed a chance to show off her charitable instincts.
Wayden’s favorite part of these biannual visits was that the Draconess brought her fifteen year-old step-daughter Jazlyn. There was beauty in the world, and her name was Jazlyn. When Wayden wasn't dreaming of killing Gar Skymaster, he fantasized about sailing down a river in a boat with Jazlyn. He would run his fingers through her long, red curls and kiss the freckles on the back of her neck.
Wayden was examining the room, to see if he’d missed a spot, when the front door opened.
Rory announced, “Her Royal Highness approaches."
Crag donned his multi-brimmed hat and straightened the lacy collar of his doublet. 
Rory held the door open. Wayden could hear a parade of footsteps. A drummer beat on his tenor drum and a trumpet blared. A Herald entered, tapped the butt of his staff on the ground and announced, "All hail her radiance the Draconess, daughter of Kero, granddaughter of Borleat, first lady of the Drakindom of Helos, the Red Land of Fire and Light." 
The Draconess swept into the room. Her long, auburn hair swayed against the back of her silk scarlet gown. Her blue eyes had a halo of scarlet-henna eye shadow highlighting them. It was a wonder she could see where she was going, for she kept her dimpled chin aloft. The tail of her gown was a lengthy train, carried by two maidens. 
Crag and Wayden sank to their knees. Rory, while holding the door with his back, moved his fingers to lips, forehead, and finally heart. "May the fire guide you."
"May your ember forever glow," the Draconess replied, moving her fingers in the reverse order: first her forehead, then heart, and finally her lips.	
A line of guards followed the Draconess into the room, one bearing a banner with a dragon on it, a second a horn, and a third a drum. The chief of the guards was the illustrious Sir Cay Longreach, a Royal Companion, one of the Ten, the illustrious Dragon Knights. His long blond hair was tucked into a serpent-head silver helm and an ornate hilt poked up from his scabbard. It would be something to ride with the likes of Sir Longreach and Swiftrider. Perhaps one day Wayden would ride with them to Raslo and return with the head of Gar Skymaster.
The last guard to enter gave Wayden chills, an Ozac much larger and a darker gray than Anaz. The nightmarish memory resurfaced: the huge Ozac’s foot splintering the door, its shattered frame jetting out like long wooden knives. The huge Ozac pushed past their rickety barricade, a spiked mace in hand and a maniac glimmer in his cold eyes. 
Except for the eyes, this one could have been the other’s brother. He was hairless and huge, arms as thick as logs, a tree-trunk sized neck, and a body that could camouflage a boulder.
Then Wayden’s insides went from cold to hot. 
Jazlyn entered, red hair in plaits that spiraled round her head like a ginger halo. Her golden gown boomed outwards at the bottom and its bodice was embroidered with a dragon.
The herald tapped his staff again. "All hail Princess Jazlyn, daughter Draconi, daughter of Niar, granddaughter of Lochaius, blessed be her embers."
The Daughter Draconi brought in with her the dazzle of autumn leaves and summer sun, mixed with the cool eyes of winter. 
Wayden sighed. "Jazlyn always looks so elegant." 
“But she wears no hat at all,” Kolram said. "She needs more brims."
“Jazlyn might even pull off Crag’s outfit.”
“Now, that I doubt.”
Following the guards, maids, and royalty was Fire-Whisperer Dade, wearing his crimson veil, and two acolytes in maroon cloaks, carrying parchments.
The Draconess gestured that the bowing could end. Crag pulled out her chair for her. "We are honored that a person of your magnomiouness would visit us in person."
"Magnomiouness is not a word, Crag. I do enjoy coming here, though. I like to see with mine own eyes the good I have wrought."
The Draconess, Dade, and the two acolytes sat at the other end of the table from Crag. 
Crag smiled. “Would Your Majesty care for tea and biscuits?”
"From your cook? I think not," the Draconess said. "By the way, what is that ridiculous thing perched upon your head? Would you kindly take it off?"
Crag's smile wilted as he removed his hat. "Yes, Your Majesty. I-I-I wore it to amuse you."
"Very funny, Crag." 
Crag thrust his hat into Wayden's hands. Wayden hung the silky abomination back upon the hook. 
The Draconess studied Wayden. "Ah, look at this happy child. It is so good to make a difference in the lives of misfits. Where would this poor boy be, without our most generous patronage? More than likely slitting someone's throat in a dark alley. Oh, I do enjoy coming here, so uplifting, after the most tedious morning of demands upon our coffer."
"I'm afraid we must ask for coin as well," Crag said, with a wide smile. "Silver and gold is what pays the bills, after all."
"Copper and bronze are often sufficient. I pray your request is of a modest nature. The new army commander requested such hordes of treasure that he would have me canceling all galas to buy clunky armor and rusted swords."
"Clunky armor and rusty swords are what he is trying to replace," Fire-Whisperer Dade said. "I don't think Sir Longreach here would care to go into battle with a shield that will buckle."
The Draconess turned to Crag. “Treasurer Dade is another who would sell my jewels and finery. We have a dragon, what more defense do we need? True, Volkanus is ill, but our Beast Tongue assures me he will fare better soon."
"I believe what Beast Mistress Belza said was that she hoped-" Dade began. 
	“Enough, Dade! Hasn't this morning been trying enough without you ruining the afternoon? I should sell your veil and robes and let you parade around naked. Perhaps that would drive sense into you."
Dade sniffed. "My apologies, Your Majesty. Shall we proceed, then? The accounts, Master Crag?" 
“Of course, I have them right here,” Crag showed Dade a blotchy, yellow parchment, dotted with jam and coffee stains. Dade and the acolytes studied the papers. “As you can see, we have forty orphans and the price-" 
One of the acolytes produced a scroll of figures. He cleared his throat and said, “Excuse me, if I may.” His finger trailed down a parchment. “And our count shows you have seventeen orphans.”
Crag stammered, “I-I-I must have… miscalculated. I was never clever with numbers.”
 Dade’s eyes narrowed. “No, I must admit. That was not clever in the slightest.”
Jazlyn edged towards Wayden. Wayden was so close to the princess, he could feel the heat emanating from her. Of course, it was foolishness to have a crush on anyone, much less someone of such a high station. Wayden was a penniless orphan, and a scarred monstrosity to boot.
Wayden was only half-conscious of Dade in the background. "Master Crag. The state of your accounts has not improved since our last visit.”
"I'm sorry," Crag said, "I have a new man, Anaz. Very good with numbers. He can help me. It will be better next time, I promise."
Jazlyn whispered from the corner of her mouth, "You, Burnt Boy."
Wayden pinched himself to make sure he wasn't dreaming. "Me?"
Jazlyn raised an imperious eyebrow, but kept her voice soft. "Do you see any other burnt boys around here?"
"No. It's just... I didn't expect anyone so beautiful to talk to me. Ah... I didn’t mean to call you beautiful. Not that you're not beautiful. You are beautiful, but-"
"I must request you save your elegant courtesies for a later date, preferably the seventh of never." Jazlyn raised her chin as she spoke. Her nose was so thin, he wondered how she could ever blow it. Did royalty generate mucus? "Show me around, immediately. I'd like to meet Crag’s grandmother. Take me to her."
The Draconess looked up from the parchments of figures. She stood up, her face puckering into an hourglass shape. "Jazlyn, whatever are you up to?"
"Stepmother, I request that this boy tour me around the orphanage. I would like to see the great good we have wrought here." 
"Have you taken leave of your senses? I absolutely forbid it."
	Jazlyn gave her stepmother a pleading look. "Org can accompany us." She gestured to the Ozac bodyguard. "I’ll be perfectly safe."
“Wouldn’t it be a special thing to allow this pitiful boy a chance to feel special?” Jazlyn gestured towards Wayden, and as she did, the tips of her fingers brushed against Wayden. Wayden felt the pulsating flashes that meant the Glimpse was about to fill his mind. He grew dizzy and felt like he was falling.
Wayden expected to see Jazlyn’s memories. Instead, bizarrely, he found himself in a memory of the Immortal Asgaroth, the Bone King. He was inside an ornate palace chamber. Over a fireplace hung a painting of a red-haired woman. Asgaroth sat across a marble table from his handsome, dark-haired son, Dakarth. The two of them studied a tactical game, pewter pawns upon movable tiles shaped like various landscapes. They sat on tall stools fashioned of bone. Torches hung in sconces along the stone walls. 
Through the windows, the wind and the wolves howled. Only one moon was out, the orange one, and light fell in slivers through a window slatted with iron bars. While they played their war game, Karsgoth painted a watercolor prophecy at a nearby wooden table. Karsgoth had the same handsome face, dark hair and eyes and chiseled cheekbones of his father and brother.
 Dakarth sacrificed a game piece to empower his wizard to flip a tile, allowing his knight to capture Asgaroth's flag. Asgaroth smiled. “The son surpasses the father.”
Dakarth returned the smile. “You taught me well, father.”
"I've raised both my sons well," Asgaroth said, gesturing towards Karsgoth who was working on one of his watercolor prophecies. "Dakarth you’re a brilliant tactician and Karsgoth's powers of prophecy surpass my own."
"Speaking of which," Karsgoth said, cleaning his paintbrush. "The Source has painted another prophecy through me." 
Asgaroth stepped warily towards the easel. Would it show him being trapped again? Indeed, the watercolor showed amber Guardian snakes surrounding a skeleton with a crown. It was the same theme as the last three of his prophecies. Asgaroth kicked the easel over, sending the water colors dripping across the floor. "The wraiths take Centuron! The same prophecy again. We killed more than half the Guardians and still we see it."
"Wiping out half the Guardians just made the other half angrier and more likely to fulfill the prophecy," Dakarth said. "Prophecies are as slippery as snakes. Your attempt to avoid them is what traps you in the end." 
"Curse of the Wraith! Is there nothing we can do to escape this, then? Am I doomed to be entombed in Guardian magic?" Asgaroth asked.
Karsgoth's breath formed a cloud as he spoke. "What cannot be eluded must be embraced. It is this second portrait that I wanted you to see."
Karsgoth’s second picture displayed the huge green moon of a Three Moons' Night. The light from the emerald orb formed into the shape of a key. Karsgoth and Dakarth were pulling Asgaroth out from a pool of amber snakes. All around them were bleeding, brown-robed men. 
"It appears that Dakarth and I shall find a way to free you," Karsgoth said.
"But when? How?" Asgaroth asked. "Who are these dead men? Guardians? Why are some of them missing fingers?"
He did not like the feeling of not knowing, not being in control. His own prophecy powers were minimal, and he felt as vulnerable as a blind man dancing on a cliff’s edge.
Karsgoth shook his head. "As to that I have no answers."
The memory dissipated, leaving Wayden dizzy with disbelief. He’d seen Asgaroth's memories- not Jazlyn's. It made no sense. Could she host Asgaroth, as he hosted Kolram? How? He didn't feel the pull towards her, the way he did towards Rif and Mavik. Wayden, disorientated and confused, slipped on the still-damp floor, landing against Jazlyn's shoulder, almost knocking her off her feet. 
"Get off me!" Jazlyn shouted, pulling away from him. 
 Dragon Knight Cay Longreach rushed over and shoved Wayden against the wall. Longreach drew a sword, a glowing blue blade that could cut through plate armor. "Draconess, shall I end the wretch?" 
The Draconess puckered her lips into the semblance of a trout. "The boy is a fool, but it was unintentional. Still, Crag, I’ve no idea why you have this strange misfit here, terrifying us with fainting spells. Have you been feeding this boy? What do you do with my funds?” She offered her hand to Dade, who helped her up. “And Jazlyn, we shall speak of your behavior in private. We shall take our leave. We shall withhold funds till our next visit. Our acolytes will come again in a week. If you have the accounts straightened out by then, fine. If not, perhaps this Anaz you mention can be the new head of the orphanage."
Wayden wasn't sure he liked that idea. Who knew what the Ozac Strand Prophet was up to?
	Crag pleaded. "Your Majesty, please forgive me. I had no idea this would happen."
The Draconess sniffed and headed out the door, her parade of servants trailing behind her. Crag followed, still begging her forgiveness. 
	When the door closed, Rory shoved Wayden so hard he slipped again, his world a swirl of confusion.

Chapter 6
The Last Wolf Ride

 ‘He started it.' The argument of four-year-olds and four-thousand-year olds alike- Solita
-<>- 
After delivering Night's food the following evening, Wayden approached Anaz's door. He pressed his ear against the thick wood, and was rewarded by the sound of the Mantu woman's voice again. "…the Tulkarian's consciousnesses and put them in there."
"We can't yet, Queranos,” Anaz said. “Not without a Three Moons' Night."
“Then we must be patient. We have to prevent the juncture on the field.”
“At any cost.”
Wayden shifted his weight slightly. The floorboards groaned.
"Do you hear something?” Anaz asked. “I swear, if it's that Toast again, prophecy or not, I'll teach him a lesson."
Silently cursing himself, Wayden jumped over the rail, and ducked into the orphan’s quarters, just as Anaz's door swung open.
Wayden slumped into the rushes next to Rif, who was already asleep.
Since this Queranos mentioned the Tulkarian's consciousnesses, she must know about Arth. Did she know about the woman's voice inside of Rif’s mind as well? How? 
Wayden lay awake for a notch, when a sensation of sadness from Kolram swept through him.
"Are you all right?" Wayden asked.
"I've remembered something,” Kolram said. “About my wife. About my life."
Kolram’s grief resonated, a sensation of sinking into a sea of sadness. An image of Kolram and Solita’s wedding in the Great Tree passed through Wayden’s mind, them kissing in the rain- Wayden pushed the memories away, returning to the present.
"It was Dracon Niar and Ice King Dakarth," Kolram said. “It was them. They summoned us to Dark Fist. The last day I was alive.”
Wayden stopped himself from whistling, not wanting to wake the orphans. The Dracon, was bad enough, but Dakarth son of Asgaroth remained the iron-fisted leader of Raslo for the last two millennium. In comparison, Gar Skymaster, up in his mountain fortress, seemed an easy target. “You're sure?"
"I'm remembering more. About the last day I saw her. The last day we existed in our own bodies."
"Can you show me the memories?"
“Relax your mind.”
Kolram's memories became Wayden’s. The fur of the skywolf rubbed against him. Solita nestled against him, warming his front even while the cold wind whipped his back. The wolf beat its mighty wings, propelling them faster than a galloping horse. They flew on bumpy currents of air, hundreds of feet above the pine-dotted, icy terrain of Raslo.
To the east, loomed the Kaldian border, marked by the spiky tips of the Ridgeback Mountains. Towards the South, the summit of Mount Despos looked like an anthill in contrast to the great wall of ice that stretched beyond it forever. The sunset reflected against the wall, splintering into a light show that no Glower Mage could match. The north fell behind them and the west promised endless ice.
He snuggled against Solita. Her fur hood had blown loose, and pressed his frozen nose into the meadows of her indigo curls. She smelled of lavender and lilacs.
Dark Fist loomed closer. The temple was aptly named; the tightly clenched fingers of stone forming its walls jutted skyward. Kolram had never been inside, never seen the body of Darius Dragonking or Asgaroth. Both bodies were entrapped by Guardian magic, but the amber energy shield would be transparent. It would be like beholding Gods.
Kolram moved his mouth close to Solita’s ear and shouted over the wind, “Isn’t Temple Dark Fist the old Guardian headquarters?”
"It still may be," Solita replied. "My teachers claim their ancestors still live there, the Order of the Guardians and Centuron, deep in the bowels of the earth, dedicated to making sure the trapped Immortals and wraiths are never revived."
"Centuron isn’t beloved in Helos for imprisoning the Dragonking."
"The Raslonians are no happier about the imprisonment of Asgaroth. Yet, the war between Dragonking and Asgaroth was killing thousands yearly. They had to be stopped."
"Asgaroth started the war," Kolram shouted over the wind.
"'He started it.' The argument of four-year-olds and four-thousand-year olds alike."
"He stole one of Darius's wives." 
"One of his eight wives, whom he loved so much he beat her, and finally killed her. Asgaroth and Lyssa truly loved each other. Darius should have let her go."
Kolram sighed. "Let's not argue. Whoever was at fault, it matters no more." 
 “As you like. Besides, you know I'm right."
Kolram chuckled. "I know you are wonderful, I'll grant you that."
"Flatterer. Do you see those stones ahead?" Solita pointed at four enormous boulders, encircling Dark Fist. One was shaped uncannily like a skull, another like an anvil, the third a maiden, and the fourth a moon.
The wind whipped Kolram's hood off. “They’re hard to miss.”
"The Anvil is rumored to be the Guardian Gate. The original Order of the Guardians met Centuron there when they were planning to entrap the Immortals."
Kolram saw no sign of a gate or door of any kind. Perhaps it was a secret door, like the ones the Weaver wove.
"Are you supposed to be telling me all this?” Kolram asked. “I thought you Guardians were supposed to be tight-lipped."
"My lips were never tight where you were concerned." She laughed, pressing against him.
“What do you say we forget about the Dracon and Ice King Dakarth's summons and fly off to a more private location?”
Solita laughed. “Would that we could.”
The lovers’ flight reached its end. Their winged wolf descended through a breach in the eastern wall of Dark Fist. A heart-like sound thumped in the distance. The floor of the room consisted of a granite outer ring and a marble inner ring, separated by a third ring made of glowing amber Guardian Magic energy. Their wolf landed on the outer ring.
On the inner ring the other Grandmasters, looking impatient, awaited. A cadre of guards surrounded them, half in the orange cloaks of Flickers, the other half Raslonian armor: bones grafted into black metal.  They stood in a semi-circle around a dais. Beneath the dais lay the two Immortals.
Asgaroth lay trapped horizontally, sleeping on his bed of stone. The Dragonking was held standing up, near Asgaroth, yet in a separate shield. Blankets of woven energy snakes encased them both in separate shrouds. Kolram could see how Lyssa had fallen for Asgaroth. High cheekbones, a square jaw, dark hair, brooding eyes. There was little hint of the evil which lay beneath. 
"Why separate Guardian shields?” Kolram helped Solita down from the wolf. Her hands were frozen. He gave them a quick rub. “Why didn’t Centuron put them in the same field?"
"They were trapped at separate times and in different fashions,” Solita whispered, as they approached the inner ring. “Asgaroth was entombed by a spell using the blood of each type of magi. No one knows what trick Centuron used to entrap Darius."
 "And the Shadow Queen?"
"No one knows where her body is."
"You're allowed to be telling me all this?"
"No. Don't you dare share this information or I won't kiss you for a month. Well, a week. A day at least. Half an hour."
They stifled their giggles as they stepped over the energy snakes, and into the inner ring. Of all the Grandmasters, Arth looked the most miserable. His pale face was even more lined than usual and there were bags beneath his bloodshot eyes. Arth’s sister had been killed less than a month ago. 
Nadra, the Grandmistress of Flame, glared at Kolram. "Could we get this over with? I've better things to do than watch Kolram and Solita fawning over each other."
“Evening, Nadra. Burn any houses down lately?” Solita asked.
Nadra scowled at her.
“Let there be peace,” Grandmistress Jijari said, the bells tinkling in her long purple braids. “It is unseemly to argue in a place of holiness.”
Raslonian soldiers poured through a side door, silencing further argument. One called out, “All bow to King Dakarth, supreme ruler of Raslonia, Land of Ice and Might, wielder of the Sword of Night, First Seat upon the Council of Steel, son of Asgaroth, the Bone King.”  
Dakarth stepped forward, the spitting image of his father, though ironically he looked a bit more aged. It made sense, Kolram supposed. After all, he was only the descendant of an Immortal, not an Immortal himself. His black cloak draped over his heavy chain-mesh. His glittering black sword hung from its sheath. Four bone-armored guards stood at his side.
“All bow for Dracon Niar,” a gray-bearded Dragon Knight called out. “Lord of Helos, Land of Fire and Light, son of Terok, Possessor of the Red Blade, Wearer of the Crown of Fire, First Seat upon the Court of Flames,  heir to the Dragonking, and Head Whisperer of the Temple of the Third Moon.”
A man with a red crimson veil and a white sword at his hilt strode forward. His red jeweled crown flickered as he walked. Guards in orange cloaks surrounded him.
"Greetings, Grandmasters. I apologize for the delay," Dakarth said, his voice echoing off the crystalline walls. "I promise you tonight will be a night you shall never forget."
Wayden sat upright. Cook was rattling his bell downstairs. “Breakfast!”
Wayden rubbed his eyes. He hadn’t even realized he’d fallen asleep. Memories and dreams sometimes bled one into the other. 
Wayden let out a yawn and stretched. "Wraithin' hell, we were just getting to the good part."
"Is the good part my wife and I getting killed?" Kolram asked.
"Aye. I mean no. Kind of."
"Impressive, three answers to the same question, each more insulting than the last."
Rory bellowed, "Wakey, wakey.  It’s that time of year again. The Dracon's harvest needs gathering! 15 year olds grab breakfast first and in a notch will be in the wagon."
Just as the last orphan clambered in, Anaz came down the steps. Wordlessly, he clambered on the driver’s bench, beside Rory. 
"Anaz, you don't need to come," Rory said.
"I insist." Anaz drew his sword and sharpened it with a whetstone. "I feel today my help might be required."
Wayden exchanged glances with Rif. Did Anaz foresee a battle approaching? Was he keeping Rif and Wayden alive because of their roles in his prophecy?
"You ain't practicing unauthorized magic with that cauldron of yours, are you?" Rory asked, as he gave the reins a shake. "What type of trouble you seeing in yer water?"
"Just an instinct, and besides, I’m feeling a bit cooped up. Of course, I wouldn't practice magic without the Dracon's leave."
"Well, that's alright then," Rory said. "Anaz, do you know anything about writing poetry?"
"Yes. I know not to."
Rory mumbled something suspiciously like ‘Stupid Ozac.’
Soon they left the perimeter of Vilanos and entered the countryside. Their wagon wheels crunched through brittle autumn leaves. The cobblestones of the road gave way to a river of mud and muck, while overhead the sky formed a thick, gray blanket. Rain would bring a final boost to the crops, but if the temperature dropped early, as the weather witches of the four towers had predicted, snow would smother the last harvest. A lean winter for the wealthy meant even less for orphans.
   The smell of manure lay thick in the air, as they rode past huts made of wattle and daub. A tiny brook trickled alongside the road. A lime-skinned Mantu woman with gold, bulbous eyes passed them, her green hair blowing in the wind. She pulled a rickshaw, stacked with ears of corn. A young swineherd steered his sows across the road. Chickens squawked and darted as a red-haired girl chased after them.
Rif stared intently at the girl, an odd expression on his face. The dead girl the Guard found in the pine grove had red hair as well. Of course, almost half the girls in the Draconodom had red hair. Still, the intensity of Rif’s stare unnerved Wayden.
 “What do you remember about Arth?” Wayden asked Kolram.
Wayden and Kolram focused for a moment, their minds in unison, unearthing buried memories. Kolram had followed Arth into a Raslonian tavern, filled with a throng of drunken people. The stench of body odor and tobacco wafted through the air. Wind and snow hammered the window glass, but the tavern’s hearth was lit, and a bard played Death and the Sailor's Wife on his drum-harp.
By the time Kolram made his way through the crowd, Arth was already seated at a wooden table in the corner, nursing a goblet of brandy. Veins like tree roots bulged across his pale-white forehead. His eyes darted back and forth. Kolram suspected Arth was on the brink of insanity, following the recent loss of his sister, but it wasn't worry for the Grandmaster of Soul-stealing that prompted Kolram to spy upon him. It was suspicion about his pupils: the new Dracon and Dakarth. What had these two powerful leaders and Arth been up to, with these books of Raylar they were keeping secret? What dark magic were they practicing?  
Kolram approached Arth through the crowd. "May I sit?"
"Wraith off," Arth snarled. 
Kolram stood his ground. "Arth, I heard about the death of your sister. I'm so sorry."
Arth flicked his wrist, showering Kolram's face with the contents of his goblet.
Brandy dripped from Kolram's chin. His robe was sodden. The bard froze, the music stopping as Kolram became aware of all the eyes upon them. 
Arth turned to a tavern-wench, a Raslonian female with indigo hair. "Another glass. Make it two. One to drink, one to throw." 
The tavern wench scurried off, dark-blue hair bobbing. The bard started a new song. Kolram cringed at the opening notes of The Dragon and the Princess.
He wiped the dripping brandy from his face. "I just wanted you to know that I’m here if you want to talk."
"You don't care an Ozac's eyeball about me or my sister,” Arth said, with a bitter twist of his lips. “You want to find out about our new school of magic. You'll learn naught from me."
Heat rushed to Kolram’s cheeks.
The bard sang, "The knight he came to save the lass and shoved his lance up the dragon's..." 
The crowd shouted, "Hey!"
The wagon bumped, jolting Wayden to the present. 
Kolram's memory had been so visceral, that it was jarring to find himself riding through the country of Helos. Rif was back to his normal smiling self again. Whatever the meaning of the look that had passed over his face, it was gone now.
"Arth was involved in a secret school with Dracon and Dakarth,” Wayden thought. “We know he's a soul thief. Arth must have been teaching the Dracon and Dakarth how to soul steal." 
Up ahead, a man struggled with a broken wagon’s wheel. A traffic jam of carts stretched back from it. Rory cursed. "This will hold us up a bit. If you need to relieve yourself, do it now." 
 Wayden and Rif leapt from the wagon and headed to a different clump of bushes than the Dariuses. Anaz's eyes tracked him, but the Ozac kept his distance. 
Mist rose where his urine splattered against the tree roots and bramble. Wayden had learned a lot when he’d risked talking to Anaz. Maybe this communication trick Kolram advocated would work with Rif as well.  "Do you have Arth’s voice in your mind?"
"You kn-kn-know?"
Wayden glanced around for prying ears.  He whispered, "Rif. I’m a Glimpser. Kolram is in my head."
"W-w-wait. What?"
"I was born with the voice of Kolram in my mind. My twin brother had one too- Jijari, a Water Prophetess."
"You have a twin br-br-brother?" Rif asked, adjusting his breeches.
"In my Glimpse, I heard Arth in your mind, but there was also a woman. Do you have two people in your mind?"
 "Arth's s-s-s-sister was attacked, Arth was there. He used Soul-stealing. H-h-he…"
"All right, they cleared the road!”  Rory shouted, “That's enough watering the fields. Everyone back into the wagon.”
Grumbling, stiff, and still sleepy, the orphans climbed back aboard the crowded wagon.  A short notch later, the wagon reached the Dracon’s field, a rich plot of land that sprawled endlessly with golden shafts of wheat. A score of peasants were already at work: gray-haired crones with stooped backs, dirt-covered men with arms like hairy tree trunks, hefty matrons, and barefoot children who spied from behind sheaves of wheat. Mavik would have made a lovely watercolor of the scene.
They climbed out of the wagon and joined in the harvesting. Wayden had grown stronger, and he found it less tiring than last year. The peasants sang a working song as they swung their scythes to a reaper’s rhythm:
Cut 'em, bind 'em, throw 'em in the wagon
Bag it, tag it, bring it to the mill
Oh whoa, bring it to the harvest
Oh whoa, fire in the mill.
Oh whoa, bring it to the harvest
Oh whoa, fire in the mill

The song, and the work, inspired a hypnotic rhythm. Sweat dripped from their brows despite the cold.
"So what were you saying about Arth's sister?" Wayden asked, as he swung his scythe at a stalk of wheat.
Rif planted the base of his scythe in the ground. "Belok, he...wait...do you h-h-hear something?"
Wayden listened, trying to filter out the noise of the singing. A faint scraping sound, like insects, clawed beneath his feet, growing louder by the moment. 
"Stop singing," Wayden shouted. “Listen—”
Rory glared at him. "Who are you to—"
Then a brown, leathery, pincer-like hand burst through the earth and grabbed Rif's leg.

Chapter 7 
The Cruelest Claw

Come, Moon Howlers! As fast as fur can fly. -Wayden

-<>- 
 
"Scagazi!" Wayden shouted. 
A pincer-like hand clamped onto Rif’s leg.  The creature held tight, though the Tulkarian boy kicked and tried to pull away. Wayden focused, taking a breath to stay calm.  What did he know about scagazi that could help?  Bright lights blinded their compound eyes, but he practiced no Glower magic. Their exoskeletons made them hard to damage using physical means. 
“Kolram can you control them?” Wayden asked. 
"I cannot control or even speak to scagazi,” Kolram replied. “They are more insect than mammal. I could summon animals from the nearby forest, but then our secret would be known."
Wayden fought against an urge to flee towards safety, abandoning Rif. He’d turned his back on Quiet Darius. The shame he felt afterwards still haunted him. Kolram was right: if you want to be a hero, be one. He tightened his jaw. I’d rather die, than be a coward any longer. He lifted his scythe, and with a roar, charged towards Rif. 
The Tulkarian boy was half submerged in a whirlpool of swirling soil. There was a patch of open flesh on the scagazi’s wrist its exoskeleton didn’t protect. Wayden aimed the scythe, the blade biting into the armor’s gap. Yanking his blade loose, a spray of blood sprayed in every direction.
 Rif broke free, breathing heavily, eyes moist. "You s-s-saved me."
“I did, didn’t I?” Wayden thought excitedly.
“Stay calm. We aren’t out of this yet,” Kolram said.
 Several scagazi burst through the ground. Spiked hair bristled like beards along their narrow faces.  Anaz swung his sword, but the blade bounced off the monster's thick exoskeleton. The scagazi lunged at Anaz, but he dodged to the side. He swung again, sword whirring in an arc. This time it caught a gap in the scagazi’s armor and the monster went down with a crash. Two more charged at Anaz. A grim determination transformed the Ozac’s usual sly grin into a scowl. 
“Beasts of Centuron,” Anaz hissed, as he swung his sword again. The metal cut deep into scagazi flesh. For each one killed, another seemed to sprout from the ground.
“We need to get out of here!” Wayden shouted.
A patch of dirt in front of them vibrated and swirled. A clawed leathery pincer burst through the earth, and then another and another, like a crop of death. Wayden spun, but a scagazi burst from the ground directly before him.  He swung his scythe, but missed, managing only to decapitate a wheat stalk. The scagazi let out a shrill cry as it leapt towards him.
This is it mother, I'm coming.
A figure flew through the air, knocking the monster off Wayden. Wayden saw it was Kazor. The orphan might have been angry at Wayden for not standing up to Big Darius, but that didn’t stop him from saving Wayden. I need to find an eighth of the courage he has. 
As Wayden found his feet, Kazor lost his. The scagazi grabbed Kazor's legs and yanked him into the ground. Kazor's eyes widened and he reached out in desperation. Wayden reached out his hand, fingertips brushing Kazor’s. Then Kazor was gone, yanked into churning soil. The pit sealed behind him, buried by his killers in a grave marked only by chunks of overturned soil. Wayden felt like his heart too was swallowed and buried. He’d failed Kazor, as he’d failed Nanny, his brother, and his mother.
"Grieve later," Kolram ordered. “Make sure Kazor didn’t die for naught.”
Wayden nodded, his jaw tightening. "There are wolves nearby.”
“If you cast the summons, the other orphans and peasants will see you. You'll be arrested.”
The soil simmered ahead of them. Then, as if hitting the boiling point, chunks of dirt erupted skyward followed by a scagazi. The orphans pivoted right. Another scagazi broke through the soil. They tried left, but again were blocked. The two boys and Big Darius were surrounded. 
Big Darius sobbed. “We’re trapped. We’re wraithin’ trapped. We're going to die.”
Jagged mandibles clicked, as the scagazi slithered closer.
Anaz burst through the grain, sword flashing. He caught one of the scagazi full force. A second and a third fell to his blade. A surge of hope charged through Wayden, until a fourth scagazi grabbed the Ozac's feet. Wayden met Anaz's eyes and the Ozac smiled. "Until we meet again." And then he was pulled underground in a swirl of dirt. 
Anaz, dead? He wasn’t a friend, but no one deserved a fate like that. ‘Until we meet again?’ What did that mean? Was it just bravado? One last mystery to leave Wayden’s head spinning?  
The scagazis swarmed, their mandibles clicking as they encircled Wayden, Big Darius, and Rif. The creatures' thick, pointed tails swayed back and forth, as if to some inaudible drum beat. Big Darius swung his scythe, only to have the creature catch the blade and yank it from his hand.
“I’m going to use magic,” Wayden decided.
“I agree, you must do whatever is necessary to stop this menace from claiming more lives.”
Wayden dropped his scythe. Guided by Kolram, he moved his hands in semi-circles. His mind found a nearby pack of wolves. There were two dozen of them hunting in the forest near the fields. The words for the spell could be anything, but something rhythmic worked best. "Come, moon howlers. Beasts of the woods. I am the moon king. I am the sharpest tooth, the cruelest claw. You will come. Come!" 
Big Darius edged backwards. "You- yer a witch!"
The pack leader's mind snapped into Wayden's control. How long would it take the wolves to get there? Something moved in the stalks of wheat. Handsome Darius emerged, a scagazi at his heels. He rushed towards Wayden, snatching the abandoned scythe. He turned and swung it, fending off death.
Handsome kept them at bay while Wayden chanted, “Come! With tooth and claw drive the monsters back to ground! Come! As fast as paws can leap! Come! As fast as fur can fly.”
The wolves raced through field of grain, leaping sheaves of wheat. The Source was dry upon Wayden's tongue and energy resonated from his chest. 
“I’m not sure the wolves will get here soon enough,” Kolram said.
“Well if we die, at least we won’t be thrown into prison for using unauthorized magic.”
Big Darius stared, wide-eyed, at Wayden. "Please- don’t turn me into a newt.” 
Wayden shook his head. They were surrounded by scagazi, and Big Darius was worried about being turned into a newt. Newts at least possessed enough sense to recognize who their enemies were.
Hurry, wolves. He felt like he was back at his burning manor, waiting for the Fire Guard and the dragon to drive the Sky Raiders away. Would this day end as tragically? For Kazor and Anaz, it already had.
Rif spread his arms and fingers, gesturing at the scagazi. He sang without a stutter, "Inside your treasure you keep. I take it from you, in one fell sweep."
Mists appeared at the mouth of the scagazi. The monster hissed, and writhed upon the ground. Its mist was thinner than the fogs Wayden had seen coming from the acolyte's lips, or the one Rif had pulled from the would-be rapist.
Rif’s eyes went black.
 The scagazi’s mist floated off, the creature’s body falling still. Wayden had never witnessed anything killed by Soul-stealing firsthand before. It looked like an excruciating way to die. 
"It wasn't pleasant," Kolram agreed. "There may be more scagazi coming. I suggest-"
Two scagazi cornered Wayden, drawing closer and closer. An acrid scent wafted from them. One of the scagazi leapt on top of him, bowling him over into a bed of wheat. The leathery monster clawed at Wayden's face. Spittle dripped from the creature's mouth.
"Rif!" Wayden called out.
This time, Rif spoke in Tulkarian, as he cast his spell. What he said, Wayden didn’t know, but the effect was obvious, as the mist streamed out of the scagazi’s mouth. Another scagazi leapt at Rif, but a ball of fur intercepted the scagazi mid-flight.  Claws clashed with brown leather, bound together in skirmish, rolling in the dirt. Fangs, furred paws, mandibles, and leathery pincers became one indistinguishable mass.
 The scagazi seized control of the wolf and was about to deliver the death blow. Then its grip slipped, and the pack leader surged forward, jaw closing in a triumphant chomp. The wolf chewed and chewed, pausing only to smack his lips. 
A dozen more wolves poured into the clearing, leaping at the oncoming scagazi. A wolf snapped a scagazi’s leg, lofting a fountain of white blood. The gray-furred pack-leader tore a scagazi's limbs, as if she were pulling legs off a grasshopper. The few surviving monsters turned face, burrowing for safety, uprooting wheat stalks in their wake. The wolves dragged the corpses into the woods.
"Thank you," Wayden thought. "Thank you." 
A rush of adrenaline deserted him, and he slumped to the ground. The rain began to fall then, cold and hard from the sky.
Cheers erupted, mixed with groans of pain and sobbing. A gray-haired woman treated a badly wounded peasant boy, slightly younger than Wayden. Two other women watched, sobbing.
 A middle-aged man lay dead and two men were tending the body. A woman shrieked for her missing daughter until man found her hiding under a wheelbarrow. The peasants cheered as the mother embraced her. Kazor, Anaz, and two farmers were gone without a trace.
Wayden clenched his teeth, fighting back tears. He’d failed them.
Big Darius pointed at Rif and Wayden. "You're witches."
We'll be arrested by the Fire Guard. 
 "We didn't d-d-do anything," Rif said. 
Rory inched closer, eying Wayden and Rif.
"You did," Big Darius said. "I heard you muttering strange words and gesturing. You’re illegal witches. Unauthorized magic. They be payin’ for the likes of you."
Handsome Darius thumped Big Darius's wounded arm. Big Darius winced. "Lock your lips, Big D. You know they been roundin' up magi. Wayden and Rif just saved our lives. Do you want the Dracon to grab them just cause they didn't get no authorization? Why do people need authorization to be saving someone's life? That ain't right."
But Rory was having none of it. "They can't be using magic. It's illegal, and that's that."
"Magic? What are you talking about?” Wayden laughed. His insides churned.  “I think you've written one too many love letters. I was just praying, that's all." 
"That weren't any prayer I ever heard,” Big Darius said, fiddling with his bandage. “All them funny words and what you were doing with yer hands. That’s witchcraft that was."
Wayden’s laugh trembled, and it came out sounding more like a strangled duck than a confident rebuttal. Rory’s gaze bore into him: suspicion mixed with self-righteous indignation, a dangerous combination.

Chapter 8 
The Nest
	
						 
		Now, you are neither man nor lion. You're a rat. –Mavik

						-<>-	
						Mavik

The icy ground crunched beneath Mavik's worn leather shoes. 
Seven years in the cold, gathering wood for the slaver’s fire. Seven years spent as property to the men who burnt his house down and killed his mother. Seven years since Wayden let go of his hand and Goat snatched him. Seven years since Mavik discovered his father was a traitor.
He craned his neck upwards, staring at the Nest, the circular fortress of hundred-foot high granite walls that snaked around Mount Despos. The bonfire known as the Beacon burned upon its summit, a fiery crown adorning the mountain's head. Gar Skymaster, and his Raider minions basked in its warmth, while Mavik and the other slaves slogged through slush and ice.
Mavik pulled the wood sled past run-down shacks and privy ditches filled with frozen feces. Four Sky Raiders followed, leading a magic-eater by a chain attached to an iron collar. The white, blotchy creature slithered along beside Isel, the one-eared Sky Raider who had torched Mavik’s home all those years ago.
Skarak, the Ozac Sky Raider who had killed nanny, dragged the Glower witch, Opel, towards the chopping block. She’d run off in the middle of the night. Mavik had admired her bravery. She’d already lost two fingers from previous attempts. A necklace of dried fingers hung around Skarak’s neck.
Mavik looked away. He heard, all too well though: the sharpening of the blade upon a whetstone, Opel begging for mercy, the thunk of the cleaver descending against the chopping block, Opel's high-pitched shriek, and Isel’s breathy laughter.
Mavik shivered from something colder than the biting wind. 
Coldness pierced the camp, even in summer, and now winter’s approach pierced the air, its icy cut almost as feared as the chopping block. Skarak brought the maimed Opel back to the camp, while the other sky raiders escorted Mavik and the others into the pine forest. 
The evergreens were almost as thin as the prisoners. The sled's runners crunched dried needles and scraped tracks into the icy snow. The smell of cedar mixed with the faint scent of blood. Slaves wordlessly gathered firewood. 
Isel gestured at the sled. "Logs in the back, mid-sized in the front, kindling in the middle."
As if they hadn't heard it a thousand times before. 
Mavik had become an expert stick gatherer. He knew every type of Raslonian wood to gather (cedar, oak, black locust, beech, white ash, hickory, pine, and dragon wood) and the ones to avoid (stink sap, mirror wood, iron bark, poison ash, and tangle thorn). He could write a book on it. A Treatise on Gathering Firewood for a Heartless Dictator, by Mavik, son of Kelsen the Rat. 
Isel turned to Mavik's father and said, "Rat, yer son's slacking. Lash him a hard one. Give him a taste of leather."
Kelsen had been nick-named after his pet, an albino rodent, and the name was apt. It had come as a shock when Mavik found out that Kelsen was at the slave camp. Mavik had known his father had disappeared chasing after Gar Skymaster, but no one knew what had become of him since. If that was a shock, it was a cloud full of lightning to find out his father was now Kelsen the Rat, a collaborator. For slightly less rancid food, a private tent, half-decent boots, and a pet rat, his father had deteriorated from the noble Lord of Telek Manor into the Sky Raiders’ lap-dog.
 Kelsen's once finely groomed red hair was now a mix of fire and ash. His hair and beard were matted, long and tangled, as were those of all the males in the slave camps, as even collaborators didn't get razors. His once erect posture had bent into one similar to his rat’s.
Kelsen's thin lips moved liked wriggling worms as he spoke: "Do as he orders, son. Save yourself some grief. We’ve been through this before."
Mavik rubbed his jaw. "And we'll go through it again, and again. He wants you to whip me, so what are you waiting for?"
Kelsen hesitated, then winced as he flicked the whip. The leather snake danced off of Mavik lightly. Isel tugged the chain on his magic-eater. "Pfff, ye call that a lash, Rat? Do it right or I be doing it meself and give him a right proper taste of pain."
Mavik felt part of a play that had been reenacted until the lines were cold and stale. The show should have been entitled: ‘In which Isel exercises his need for power, Mavik his stubbornness, and Kelsen reveals his amazing lack of spine.’ It was a drama Mavik would gladly miss, yet he’d performed it a thousand times and would likely be called back for ten thousand more torturous encores.
Kelsen and his rat both narrowed their eyes at Mavik. The larger of the two rats brought the whip down. The leather's venom burnt, sending Mavik falling into the snow gasping. 
Kelsen moved to help Mavik up, whispering, "It doesn't have to be like this. Why do you have to be so stubborn?"
Mavik yanked his arm free from Kelsen's grasp. "They murdered my mother. Your wife. How does that not bother you?"
Kelsen shook Mavik. "The lion eats the deer. The strong rule the weak."
"Then don’t be weak." Mavik found his feet. "You're a man, not a beast. Or were, at least. Now, you are neither man nor lion.” Mavik spat. “You're a rat." 
Kelsen brought down the whip in a bout of cold fury, then a second time, and even harder with the third. 
"All right, Rat!” Isel shouted. “That be enough! I said whip him, not kill him."
Mavik fought back a sob. It wasn't the lash itself that stung so badly. Though the physical pain was agonizing, what hurt more was that his father was gone and only a flesh puppet remained. 
When Mavik had asked his father why he had become a collaborator, his father replied, ‘We're stuck here anyway, son. Let's make the best of this place.’ Tired of cold and pain, which stretched on like the endless icy plains, there were moments when he was tempted to join his father. 
Jijari, the Splasher witch inside Mavik's mind, whispered to him, “Hold on to your heart, Child. Driftwood finds its way home. We've seen it in the water that your future is not here. The Source will guide.”
She’d showed him junctures with the possibility of a future beyond the slave camp. Visions painted in melting snow of a door in the earth, shadows flying from a woman’s mouth, woven cloth entwining walking statues, corpses on a stone floor, and a beating Heart Stone with metal tendrils. In all of these visions, he ran with the same companion, a girl with dirty blonde hair and a green vine tattooed on her cheek.
“Well, if those visions come true, I have a lot to look forward to,” thought Mavik. “The girl is pretty, but the corpses are a bit on the pale side.”
“These visions are sent by the Source, Child. Do not dishonor them with your mockery,” Jijari replied. 
A shadow fell on Mavik. Looking up, he saw the underside of a gray skywolf spiraling towards him. The vast wings spread like a tent, and beneath its feathered canopy, the skywolf’s matted gray fur covered sinewy muscle. The wolf landed. Two figures straddled the beast's back, Goat and another, obscured behind him.
Seeing Goat always brought back the painful day Mavik’s home burned. They had been running from Skarak and Isel, wading through a sea of smoke, when the ceiling collapsed. His brother screamed and released Mavik’s hand. Wayden shouldn’t have let go of my hand, Mavik thought for the thousandth time. His brother betrayed him, left him.
“The Source wanted it this way,” Jijari said. “There is a plan.”
“A plan. Some plan this has been.”
If Wayden hadn’t let go, his life would have played out differently. He wouldn’t have mistaken Goat’s smoky silhouette for his brother's, wouldn’t have called to him, and ran to him. Mavik had fallen at the feet of Goat, staring up in horror at his lacquered mask and glowing yellow hands. 
A powerful sensation yanked Mavik from his reveries. It was as if an invisible cord around his heart was being tugged. Goat moved and Mavik caught sight of the prisoner behind him. His breath caught in his throat at the sight of the blonde-haired girl from his Splasher visions. The tattoo, the filthy blonde hair, the emerald eyes, the cat-like face with the high cheek bones — there was no mistaking her.
Jijari had memories of Mavik being bonded to the other Grandmasters due to Zaburn casting a Connection Spell. Jijari had told Zaburn of a vision that all the Grandmasters would be separated after their visit to Dark Fist. She’d foreseen them blown apart, separated like dandelion seeds. At her urging, Zaburn had cast a Connection Spell upon the Grandmasters, as they were being blindfolded on the inner ring. 
“This is the same Connection spell,” Jijari said. “The Source is leading us back together. There is no doubt about it. She hosts a Grandmaster.”
Goat unbound the thick hemp rope, revealing a red ring of flesh where the rope had bitten into the girl's bony wrists. Kelsen took her arm and led her forward. The girl's eyes locked on to Mavik. She scrunched her forehead as she studied him. Was she feeling the Connection spell as well?
What could he possibly say? 'Do you feel an invisible rope tugging at your heart?' or 'Do you have a memory of a Magic-finder casting a Connection Spell on you?' He might as well strip naked and dance with a chicken on his head.
A notch later, Isel, the other Sky Raiders, and Kelsen, stood studying a crinkled news parchment brought by a Mantu Sky Raider. Kelsen, the only literate one, read aloud the detailed results from the latest Tulkarian Blood Games.
 The girl, shivering in her thin robe, approached Mavik, with a crinkled brow and searching eyes.
"You alright?" Mavik asked.
"’Sides being enslaved and frozen? Aye, I be dandy."
Mavik removed his top cloak and handed it to the girl.
She threw it back at him with a smirk. "Keep yer clothes on, boy."
"Take it. I took this one off a man who died from the cold. Unless you care to join him?” It was against the Source to filch from corpses, but the dead never felt cold, and the living always did.
The girl rolled her eyes and sighed. Don't be thinkin' I owe you,” she said, voice muffled, as she pulled the cloaked over her head. “I'll be payin’ you back, just as soon as I find me a corpse.”
Mavik started to laugh, but a pang of hunger, coupled with his bruised ribs, doubled him over.
 She put a hand on his back. “You be alright?"
"I got my back scratched with a whip. And I'm hungry."
One of the Sky Raiders had thrown his breakfast in the fire because he hadn't liked the way he’d looked at him.
"I be Emerelda. I be feelin’ you about the hunger. I grew up in a tribe that lived in the woods. There were some winters when I almost ate me own shoes.”
"I'd kill for a good shoe right now." 
Emerelda laughed, half-turning away from him and wiping something from her face. When she turned back, Mavik noticed traces of moistness upon her pink cheeks. "Sorry. It be a day from the nether world. The raiders caught me out huntin’. I likely never be seein’ my Da and tribe again, I reckon."
"I'm sorry," Mavik said. It was tragic that she was torn from her home, but a selfish part of Mavik was glad she was here. He’d dreamt of this girl, and here she was, in the flesh. Were the prophecies coming true? Would he run off with this girl and face statues in woven cloth and the milk-white woman? And on top of it all he felt Zaburn's Connection Spell to her. Could all this just be coincidence?
"The weavings of the Source are beyond coincidence," Jijari said.
"Don’t give me that,” Mavik thought, “The weavings of the Source brought me to this slave camp." 
"The Source only warned you would wind up here. It was man that brought you here, not the divine."
“Then there is no guarantee it will save me. That I'll succeed.” 
"The Source does not live our lives for us, but inspires us, pushes us onwards. Grants us the gift of hope."
"Hope, she’s the most cold hearted of them all. She’s let me down, time and time again."
Isel shouted at Kelsen, "Rat, get that girl and Mavik working before they taste me leather."
"He needs a new line. And I'm so hungry the leather is tempting,” Mavik thought, “Perhaps I'll eat his whip. It can't be worse than the food they give us. In fact, I'd hazard they make the food and the whips from the same leather."
Kelsen approached, whip in hand. His white rat crawled from his pocket and settled on his shoulder. 
Mavik glowered at his father. "We'll get back to work. Now leave us before I tear that whip out of your hand and choke you with it." 
Kelsen's face reddened. "I'm still your father."
"You're a rat."
Kelsen backhanded Mavik into the snow and stormed off.
Emerelda eyed him. 
“That’s my father."
"I be gatherin'."
"He's a traitor. A wraithing collaborator." 
 “Hmmm.”
"What does 'hmmm' mean?"
"Hmmm, means I be thinkin'. Don’t they be teaching ya nuthin down in yer land of fire?" Emerelda helped him to his feet. "I were just thinkin' that everybody be different. Hard to judge."
Mavik shook his head stubbornly. “I haven't given in.”
Emerelda shrugged. “Maybe not, but we all be different.”
“Would you become a collaborator?”
“I be hopin’ not. I hope I be strong like you, but I ain't none too sure.”
I don’t feel strong.
 Isel separated them after that: Emerelda filled the baskets, while Mavik gathered another sled-load of wood. They kept at it until sunset. Even the skywolves were drooping by the time the last ray of sun disappeared behind the smooth granite walls of the Nest. 
Emerelda and Mavik sat at their own small fire, while Opel and the other slaves huddled around a second one. Three Sky Raiders sat at a distance around another, sharing a flask, and playing bone dice. 
Countless stars sprinkled the heavens. A log burnt through its core, the last thread dissolving like a bridge collapsing into a lake of coals. Sparks flew heavenwards, adding golden embers to the silver and indigo sky.
A slave witch shuffled by, handing Emerelda a pot of balm. "Would you be a dear, and put this on Mavik’s whip wounds? I've got to check on Opel’s hand." 
Emerelda raised Mavik’s robes to his shoulders. The wind gave his wounds a second whipping, blowing ice into his creviced skin. Her fingertips touched him gently, yet Mavik cringed as pain shot through him. Blood had dried the fabric of his robe to his skin. Her hands moved quickly, spreading the ointment into the cracks and crevices that were the violated topography of a slave’s back.
She pulled his robe down. "I be sorry ‘bout that. Got to keep it from infectin’, or you be havin’ real troubles." 
Mavik turned to her, blinking tears out of his eyes. “Thank you. That was...kind."
"Kind of painful."
"Like your jokes."
"Watch it, boy, or I'll be giving you something new to balm."
Emerelda's tattooed vines moved with her cheekbones as she spoke. A hazel halo encircled her emerald eyes - firelight sparkling in their reflection. 
Emerelda frowned. "Do you be feelin’ something towards me?" 
"Is she grandmistress of telepathy?" Mavik jested. If she was, he hoped she could not read some of his baser thoughts, those he even kept from Jijari. Aloud, he said, “Wh-what do you mean?”
Skywolves howled in the distance, two sharp notes followed by a long croon.
Emerelda ran a hand through her uneven, blonde hair. "I be feelin’ a strange sensation ever since I sawed you, like you me long lost brother or somethin'."
Brother. His heart sank. I don’t want to be her brother.
Here was his chance to broach the topic without appearing to be a lunatic. "Yes. I feel it as well." He hesitated for a moment. "Do you... have a second voice inside your mind?" 
Emerelda grabbed Mavik's arm and shook him, her hazel haloes widening in shock. "How ya be knowin'?"
"Easy, now." Mavik grimaced, his scars brushing against his cloak. "I have one too. Jijari, a water prophetess."  
"You too!” She slapped him on his whip wound and Mavik let out a cry of pain. One of the Sky Raider guards barked at them to pipe down. She lowered her voice to a whisper. “I thought I be going moon-howlin’! Solita be mine."
Mavik breathed slowly through his nose, trying to keep his heart from splitting. Solita, Kolram's wife. My brother's wife...sort of. Had anyone written any guidelines for these types of situations? There were rules about first cousins, but he’d never heard about rules of etiquette for courting the soul host whose second soul was married to your brother’s wizard. 
 “I had a twin-brother. He might be dead now for all I know. He hosted Grandmaster Kolram.”
Emerelda winced and put her hands over her ears. “Alright, Solita! Ouch, enough, for the blood of Bantos!" Emerelda rolled her eyes. "Sorry, Solita be jabberin’ on: 'her darlin’ Kolram' and all that hysterical lovey-dovey stuff. So yer thinkin’ yer brother be dead?”
 “Wayden and Kolram may very well be alive. I saw nothing about my brother to suggest otherwise. When I look for him in the water, sometimes I see a white dragon, but never him."
"Maybe he be turning into a dragon. Stranger things have happened. Having a Guardian witch in me head, fer instance."
"What is Solita like?” Mavik asked.
"Solita be so annoyin’, always wantin' me to speak more better. What’s wrong with how I be talkin’ anyway?"
Mavik smiled. "Nothing. The way you talk is lovely."
"Lovely?" Jijari scoffed. "Men."
Emerelda scoffed as well. "Lovely? Well, I wouldn't be goin’ that far. But people understand me decent enough. Anyhow, I don't put much stock in lovely."
"Everything about you is lovely," Mavik thought.
"Abstain from unholy desires!" Jijari’s thoughts echoed. "The Laws of the Sunken Temple and in your own Red Lands forbid the coveting of your brother's wife."
	"Kolram's wife, not my brother's,” Mavik thought. “And it's Emerelda I'm interested in, not Solita. How did everything get so confused?" 
How would Wayden respond if he and Emerelda were to become a couple? Did it even matter? He'd likely never see Wayden again. The thought crushed him. He was angry at Wayden for letting his hand go, but Wayden was still his brother. 
Mavik glanced at Emerelda. Tears streaked her face.
"Sorry. Be thinkin' about home again. Wonderin’ how my Da is."
"Jijari foresaw you and me escaping this place. I don't know how, and I don't know when, but I will get you out of here. I promise."
"Don't be makin' any promises ya can't be keepin'." 
She leaned against him.
Mavik was trying to decide what to say to her next, when he noticed the sound of gentle snores, and felt the heaviness of her head. The warmth from her combined with his own helped fight the ever-growing cold around them, but still he shivered. 
"I need another robe,” he decided. “Maybe someone else will die soon." 

Chapter 9 
Raining Wizards

	The future is not wrought in stone, but flows in water. -Night
-<>-
Wayden
The gate clanged behind Wayden and Big Darius as they headed out onto the street.
"Fess, Toast," Big Darius said, bringing the wheel barrow to a halt. "You used magic on them scagazi, you did."
Wayden threw a stick into the wheel barrow. "You’ll never stop asking me about this will you?" 
"Not till you tell the truth." 
"The truth is you're alive and I'm alive and we should thank the Dragonking for it."
"Aye," called a voice that sent shivers down Wayden’s spine. "We should all thank the Dragonking for our blessings, shouldn't we?"
Wayden had almost forgotten about Mole-nose. Wayden recalled the scene in the alley, the mage soul-stealing the acolyte's mist, the acolyte begging for more. Mole-nose was as capable of killing the red-haired women as Rif. Was Wayden standing face to face with the Striker?
Mole-nose sauntered towards them, wearing his tan cloak, filigreed with a silver trim. Even his sandals were of a fine make, and he had a ring on every finger. With so much wealth why did he choose to conduct his business in a back alley? 
Mole-nose spat a wad of tobacco onto the cobblestones. "Boys, one of you want a job? It'll pay three coppers."
"No thanks," Wayden said.
Big Darius's eyes lit up. "I'll do it!" 
"Know how to read?" Mole-nose asked.
Big Darius's face sank. "No."
"Perfect," Mole-nose said. "Here's a copper and the letter. Take it down to the Coros mansion. You'll get two more coin when you get back. Three if you're quick about it."
Wayden grabbed Big Darius by the arm and whispered in his ear. "Don't."
Big Darius shoved Wayden. "Wraith off, Toast. I'll do what I like, you magic-witch freak." 
Mole-nose, with a wry smile slapped a sealed message and the copper into Big Darius’s hand.
The orphanage gate squeaked opened and Rif emerged. 'Wayden. Mistress Night wants a word-"
Rif's voice cut off, as his gaze fell upon Mole-nose.
The short man noticed Rif staring. "Do I know you?"
"Gior…" Rif said, his face paling. 
“How did you know that name?” The short man narrowed his eyes. "Who are you?"
"N-n-no one. Nothing. S-s-sorry. I must be-" Rif rushed back through the iron gate. 
Mole Nose sauntered off. Wayden ran to catch up to Rif. "What was that all about?"
Rif blushed. "That m-m-man. Gior. He was Arth’s cousin. He studied soul-stealing with Arth, Dakarth, and the Dracon." 
"An alley rat studied with the leaders of Helos and Raslo?" 
"That alley rat is a d-d-descendant of Raylar, like Arth. Even inherited some of Raylar's tomes." Rif twisted one of his sea-shell beaded braids. "Night wanted you to come quickly."
 “It's not meal time."
Rif shrugged. "She wants her st-st-stew, and to talk to you, right away.”
They headed into the main room of the orphanage. Candy Darius and Frog-face Darius were scrubbing the floors.
“Come with me?"
“She wanted to speak to you alone and Crag told me to clean the sleeping quarters p-p-post haste.”
“Well, the sleeping quarters are on the way. I want to ask you something."
Wayden fetched the stew from the cauldron and mixed in the sleeping medicine as per usual when Cook was elsewhere. As they ascended the stairs, he asked, “How did Arth learn how to steal souls?"
	"Like Gior, Arth inherited some b-b-books Raylar wrote."
"Kolram told me Raylar experimented with Wraith magic."
	"C-c-correct. He discovered new spells, experimenting on r-r-r-wraiths, scagazi, magic-eaters. Whatever creature he could get his hands on. Raylar invented soul-stealing using wraith magic."
They paused on the second floor landing. Wayden glanced around, but no one was nearby. The stew smelled good and Wayden’s mouth watered. He’d received burnt toast for breakfast again.
"And he taught Dracon Niar, Dakarth, and Gior?" Wayden asked.
"Yes, but none of them were very g-g-good at it. Gior was the best of the lot and Dakarth was the worst. Dakarth kicked Gior out, saying he had a smart mouth. As time went on, Arth knew Dakarth and Niar were up to s-s-something. He tried to figure out what, but never did. Arth gave them the wrong information, teaching them soul dispersal, but never soul absorption. The souls never went into Asgaroth or the Dracon, they went everywhere else."
"Asgaroth’s soul went into Jazlyn instead…"
"Wh-wh-what? Are you sure?"
"That’s why I saw Asgaroth’s memories when I Glimpsed her memories."
Night appeared on the staircase. It was the furthest from her room Wayden had ever seen her venture. "There you are Wayden. I've been waiting for you." Night held the door open for them, smiling like a sweet grandmother. "Rif my dear, I need to speak to Wayden alone. You can come sing me my lullaby later."
“Good l-l-luck,” Rif said to Wayden and disappeared into the sleeping quarters.
Anaz’s mobile was in the room, but stuck in the corner, behind the basin. 
Night, dressed in a black gown, had her hair up in a bun. She studied the water in the basin. For a moment, her eyes pulsed, turning from gray to black. Mavik's eyes had done that too, on the day he painted the water color of the one-eyed bird with the bloody blue beak. The one that predicted Gar Skymaster’s coming.
Night's wrinkled hands enveloped Wayden's. “Ah, I'm glad you have come. I had a vision of you in the water, freeing my grandmother. It's a juncture.”
"What's a juncture?" Wayden asked.
Night ran a finger through a basin, bringing it out wet, a single drop clinging to her bony fingers. "The future is not wrought in stone, but flows in water. Junctures are turning points, places where the choices become pivotal."
Wayden placed Cook's bread bowl on a table. "I free the Shadow Queen? I thought she was one of the evil Immortals, like Asgaroth." 
 “Ah, so you do remember something from my lectures.” Kolram said.
Night waved her hand. "Evil, good. Darkness, light. Move beyond such simplistic concepts. Is not darkness necessary for light?” Night stepped over to the stew and pulled a chunk of bread from the side of the trencher. "My grandmother and the Weaver allied with the wraiths. The Immortals wanted power, but the Shadow Queen wanted them to understand the beauty of the wraiths.”
“But what does this have to do with me?” 
“I’m afraid I cannot say how you’ll be used at the end of the day.”
That prophecy will never come true, Wayden swore to himself. Whatever else he might do, he would never free the Immortal who had betrayed the Dragonking by siding with the wraiths in the First Dark War.
 Night tore a corner of the bread bowl and held it between two time-ravaged fingers as thin and gnarled as driftwood. “The visions are contradictory. I see you in two places on the Night of the Three Moons. And your face isn't burnt in some of the visions. You don’t have a twin-brother, do you?” Night cackled at her own joke, but Wayden felt a surge of hope. Could she be seeing Mavik in the water? Was his brother still alive? Hope burned through his blood.
Night dabbed the bread in the stew and popped it in her mouth. The food was half-chewed as she said, “Itsh confwusing.” Thankfully, she swallowed. “I see you without your burn, freeing my grandmother, and with your burn, in a pit, fighting Gar Skymaster for control of a flaming cat."
"A flaming cat?"
Night stared into her cauldron. Her eyes flashed black for a moment. "Hmmm. Curious."
"What?" Wayden asked.
 “Are you familiar with the story of Benol and the Crying Bear?"
"I may have heard it―"
 “There was a warlock known as the Glass Mage who was a Beast Tongue and a Glimpser of rare strength. He controlled an enormous grizzly. Every Flame Day, the bear wreaked havoc in the towns and country, but always with tears in his eyes. The town’s folk decided to send a Beast Tongue to the cloud castle to stop the grizzly. The old and sickly Grandmaster sent a young Glimpser, Benol to climb to the Glass Castle high in the clouds."
 “Benol was a Glimpser and a Beast Tongue just like you, Kolram,” Wayden thought.
“The Glimpse and Beast Tongue are both forms of mental communication,” Kolram replied. “They don't have to go hand in hand, but they sometimes do.”
Night continued, "When Benol went up to the castle, he found the warlock sitting on a huge throne made of mirrors in a glass room. The warlock's face was half flesh, half glass. Benol approached the throne, but his feet became reflections."
"How could his feet—?"
"Benol begged the warlock to stop sending the pillaging bear, but the Glass Mage only laughed, saying, 'It is our rite as Glimpsers to rule the weak. Join me. We can reign over these lesser beings. Simply give up your warmth and become half glass like me.' Benol refused and the warlock had his grizzly chain Benol in a cell."
Wayden rolled his eyes. "How could a bear chain him?"
Night shrugged. "It must have had hands."
"What type of bear has hands?"
Night whirled around, her eyes darkening. "The type that doesn't keep interrupting. Now listen!" Night took a breath and straightened her hair. "Benol fought against the warlock, but the Glass Mage was too strong. He gave Benol three days to change his mind. Chains bound his arms and legs, and he hung upside down, naked, in a cold cell. Rats ran up and down his body, but they didn't bother him. In fact, they used their hands to ease his pain."
"How do rats―"
Night silenced Wayden with a glare. "You don’t know much about stories, do you?"
Wayden narrowed his eyes. "I know they ought to make sense. If you have information, tell it plainly. Don't give me lies about rats with hands."
 "Ah, but there are different types of truths, aren't there? There is the truth that rats have claws, and then there is the deeper truth, that sometimes they have a purpose. Take my grandson for one. Not a whisker on him, but even unwittingly, he plays his role. You mustn't ask how, but instead what: what does it mean? How can I use it? You see what I mean.”
“No.”
"Excellent. Then I’ll continue. The grizzly slept outside Benol's cell, but at night the bear wept. Feeling pity for the Grizzly, every night Benol sang it to sleep. The Warlock visited Benol for the third and final time, yet still Benol refused to acquiesce. The Glass Mage ordered the grizzly to eat Benol."
"Why are you telling me this?" Wayden asked.
“Ah, now you are asking the right question. Why indeed. Now try to use your ears boy, or whatever you call the cauliflowers on the side of your head. The bear told Benol he would leap from the clouds rather than eat his true friend. Benol told the beast he did not want him to hurt himself. 'You must eat me,' Benol said. 'He'll make you do it in the end.' The grizzly said, 'There must be some other way.'  Benol thought for a moment and said, 'If you joined me perhaps we could overpower him together.' Instead of Benol trying to control the Grizzly, like the Glass Mage did, Benol gave his strength to the animal. The bear was free. When the warlock came back to see what was taking his pet so long, he found the grizzly unchaining Benol."
"What happened next?" Wayden found himself asking. It was a good story. It reminded him a bit of when nanny told him and Mavik stories around the hearth.
"The Glass Mage was angry. He rushed at Benol, who dived aside, and the evil Glimpser broke through the wall of the glass castle. To this day, the people of that town celebrate the Day of the Rain of Glass and when it rains hard people say it is 'raining wizards'."
Wayden groaned. "That was it? That was the end of the story? That is the great truth that is supposed to help me?"
"Sometimes truths don't reveal themselves right away, but emerge slowly over time," Kolram said.
"What does that have to do with me?" Wayden asked Night again.
Night shrugged. "Splashes come and go, but what they mean none can know. Now I'm sleepy. I must rest."
Wayden grumbled to himself as he walked back downstairs. He was tired of Splashers' prophecies. They were too long and said too little. Mavik's watercolors hadn't saved their mother when the Sky Raiders came, and Night's prophecies wouldn't save him now. 
Suddenly, a peal of thunder roared across the sky.
“Great, now it’s raining wizards.”
Chapter 10 
Wraith on the Stairwell

Enjoy today, this moment, this sunset. - Kolram
-<>-  

Wayden trudged up the stairs by himself again. Would Night be on the window ledge? Or telling him more children’s stories tonight? Would she try to kiss him or throw a chamber pot at him yet?
A burst of lightning illuminated the stairwell. With the shadow of the night comes the fear, the old saying went. The darkness unnerved him, goose bumps rising and his breathing ragged. 
Of course, Rory wouldn’t give him a lantern. "Ya ain't in the Telek Manor anymore, Lord Toast,” he had said. “You think we got oil to be wastin' on the likes of you? Feel yer way like everyone else."
Rory hadn’t minded burning some oil the other night when he dictated yet another of his love poems to the innkeep’s daughter: ‘You be beautiful like a mountain. I want to climb you. Let me be your inn and you can keep me.’  Keeping a straight face during these dictations was challenging.
Deprived of both lantern and lunar illumination, making his way was no easy task, especially balancing a tray of stew. Wayden had walked these stairs often enough, but a few steps had protruding nails, warped wood, or jagged splinters. A flash of lightning provided a moment’s light. Wayden managed another few steps.
Rif was assigned to kitchen duty on this miserable evening. The Tulkarian might have helped guide him. Or possibly murder him. One or the other. On second thought, perhaps that wouldn’t help allay the fear overly much.
"You're too old to fear the dark," Kolram said.
Heroes weren’t scared of the dark. Heroes weren’t scared of anything.
“No,” Kolram said. “They are afraid. But they do what needs to be done anyway.”
Wayden could hear Rory and Master Crag arguing in elevated voices.
"We should be tellin' the Fire Guard about what happened in them fields. They be using unauthorized magic on them scagazi!" Rory shouted.
 Wayden ground his teeth. He and Rif would have to run for it, if Crag decided to tell the Guard. Luckily, Crag wasn’t in agreement. "Oh, go marry yourself a magic-eater, Rory. You’ve been writing too much poetry and it’s made your brain go funny.”
"But the law-" Rory said.
"It was the divine power of the Source watching over your sorry arse. No child can master magic.” Crag snorted. “Even I haven't mastered Fire-whispering yet. You'll make us look right fools. No Fire Guard. That’s an order."
Even through the darkness, the Wall of Flame was visible, a curtain of orange and red. Handsome claimed he’d been to the Flame Wall. Wayden longed to see a Wall of the World, or for that matter, any wall other than those of the Dracon's Home for Unadoptable Boys.
Upon his sixteenth birthday, Wayden imagined trekking southwards to the ice kingdom of Raslo and wreak vengeance against Gar Skymaster. Perhaps Rif would come as his squire. 
"Wayden, this dream is a child's folly,” Kolram said, “Your father led an expedition with a large squadron of armed men to bring Gar to justice. Why would one boy fare better than a small army?"
"I held my own against the scagazi."
“You either think you are nothing, or you think you can do everything. The truth lies in between."
"I know,” Wayden sighed. “It's just...I need to do something. What else can I do?"
"Join the Fire Guard. Convince the Court of Flames to make an offensive. Study magic and become a stronger Beast Tongue than Gar." 
"Those plans would take ages. I've been waiting eight years now. I'm tired of waiting."
"Patience. It will happen in time."
"No, it won't. I'm nothing and nothing will come of me. My father died for nothing. My mother died for nothing. My brother was captured for nothing. And I'll die for nothing too. The Dragonking is a nothing and the Source is a bloody menace."
"Take it a step at a time, young Wayden, for even the smallest of steps matter. Who knows what the future shall hold? There is naught you can do about tomorrow. Enjoy today, this moment, this sunset. The greatest treasures of life belong to orphan and royalty alike."
"It would be easier to enjoy the wraithin’ sunset if my stomach wasn't rumbling," Wayden thought.
The internal discussion was interrupted by the creaking of the wooden steps below, and the pitter-patter of footfalls approaching. Wayden’s muscles tightened. Someone was coming up the stairs. Lightning lit the stairwell…but… there was no one there.
A shadow bumped into his shoulder as it passed. By some miracle, Wayden held onto the tray. What in the Seven Heavens was that? A shadow with warmth and dimension?
 Wayden’s insides quivered. “Was that a ghost?" 
"There are no such things as ghosts,” Kolram said. “Well… unless you count me. Though I think I count more as a disembodied spirit—" 
"Then what pushed me?" 
“You imagined it. ‘Tis natural for one's nerves to play tricks when we walk alone in the dark.” 
Footsteps creaked up the stairs ahead of him, and he heard the wail of rusty hinges as a door opened.
 “That was not my imagination.”
Or was it? He and Mavik used to imagine every shadow was a demon coming to get them. Their fear had felt so real, they had been sure a parade of monsters were passing outside their bedroom window. But those shadows had not shoved him. This was past fanciful imagining.
What could Wayden do about it? He couldn’t tell Crag he didn’t deliver Night’s dinner because he was afraid of the dark. Besides, some supernatural demon might be murdering the old woman. He forced his feet into motion, silently as he could, inching up the stairway. Perhaps it was some assassin skilled in the ways of stealth. Or a burglar coming to steal some treasure Night had stashed away. But what mortal man could be so stealthy as to be invisible?  Could the intruder be a mage?
"There is no such thing as invisibility magic," Kolram said.
"Wraiths can turn into shadows," Wayden thought.
"The Immortals trapped the wraiths two millennia ago," Kolram said.
"Maybe they missed one."
Through Night’s half open chamber door, Wayden heard a familiar young girl's voice.
"Tell me about Jazlyn's mother. Did she die in childbirth as the Dracon claimed?" In a flash of recognition, he realized the girl speaking was Verica, daughter of Healer Berik. Could her bizarre scar have anything to do with his not seeing her?
The growl of thunder startled Wayden, who stifled a cry. The rain drummed against the window glass.
The thick oak door muffled Night’s voice: "You will not believe the truth."
Floorboards squeaked. Footsteps approached the door. Wayden squeezed behind the doorframe, pressing against the wall and wishing he could turn invisible himself. He held his breath, tightness running through him. Why am I so scared of a girl? But then he remembered the scar. She was no ordinary girl.  There was something dark inside of her... A flash of lightning lit up the landing.
The door swung open, brushing against the edge of the tray. Through the door crack, Verica peered out. The scar looked unusually menacing; the darkness in it flowing like hot tar. After a moment, she shrugged, and closed the door. Wayden placed the tray on the floor, and tiptoed closer, pressing his ear against the grain of the wood. 
“Thought I heard something,” Verica said. “Go on.”
"You should not be burdened with such, my girl," Night said. "Such a sad tale for tender ears." 
"My ears can take it," Verica said. 
“Did you bring the herbs?”
“Yes.”
“Can I have them?”
“After you tell me.”
“Very well then. So be it. Fifteen years ago, the Dracon and Dakarth summoned the Grandmasters to Dark Fist on Three Moons’ Night, when magic is at its strongest.”
"Why is magic stronger on Three Moons’ Night?" Verica asked. 
"How should I know? Do you want to hear the story or not?" Night paused and Wayden heard the sound of a glass clinking. "The Draconess, not the cow who calls herself the Draconess now, but the real one. Jazlyn’s mother. She accompanied Dracon Niar. She was with child, and I accompanied her in the place of one of her midwives who got the pox. Can I have the herbs?"
"After the story.”
 “That evening, while I fetched water, I heard screams from the temple chamber. The Dracon forbade our entering, but this seemed an emergency.”
Wayden moved his foot and the floorboard squeaked. He held his breath.
Night continued, sounding as if in a trance, “On the inner ring stood Flickers clutching bloody knives. The blindfolded corpses of the Grandmasters formed a circle around the entrapped Immortals. I recognized Kolram’s corpse. A mist rose from his lips. And from the other Grandmasters as well.”
“A witness to our murder!” Kolram said.
 “Mists poured from the lips of all the Grandmasters as blood gushed from their bodies.” Night’s voice became a whine. “Just a bit now?”
"After the story."
 Exchanging drugs for information didn’t seem right, but Wayden understood Verica’s need to know—to understand. His own need burned as hot as a coal in a hearth. 
"The Dracon chanted, but the Grandmaster’s mists drifted away from him. ‘What is this? They should be coming to me,’ the Dracon had said. But the mists slipped away, drifting out the breached eastern wall of the temple. ‘No!’ the Dracon cried. Two more mists rose from the Guardian energy shield enshrouding the bodies of Asgaroth and the Dragonking. The clouds hissed as they passed through the energy snakes slithering over the Immortals' bodies. Asgaroth’s had a hint of black to it, like a storm cloud, and the Dragonking’s a streak of red.
“Dakarth stared at the black mist, as the Dracon watched the red." Night cleared her throat. "The Dracon held aloft the Sword of Luminescence, chanting, ‘Come to me Dragonking, and let your power be mine.’ The red mist moved towards the Dracon, who stood with open mouth, as if to receive a worm from a mother bird, but the mist swerved, and entered the Sword of Luminscence instead. The Dracon cursed, ‘Arth said the mists would enter me!’ The black mist drifted over Asgaroth’s body, but the Bone King did not stir from beneath his amber blanket of Guardian magic. Dakarth yelled, ‘The mist isn’t awakening my father...the scrolls...they were forged. Arth lied!’”
"This fits with Rif's account," Kolram said.
“Do you remember any of this?” Wayden asked.
“Vaguely. Like a bad dream. It seems right.”
Night’s voice strained, "Arth, who was busy lying dead on the stone floor, had very little to say in his own defense. The black mist from Asgaroth floated in my direction. I fled down the hallway. The mist followed me. I raced back to the Draconess's chamber and slammed the door shut. I thought I was safe.” 
"Asgaroth's spirit was following Night?” Kolram asked, “Toward what end?"
Something clinked, possibly a wine goblet or a teacup. 
Night said, "The other midwife screamed at me, ‘Where have you been? It’s coming. And where is the water?' I didn't know how to explain what had happened. The other midwife sent a serving girl to fetch the water. If I had dreamt the whole thing, the delivery would help me forget it. The Draconess and the other mid-wife screamed and I turned to see the dark mist gathering behind me, pouring through the crack in the door."
Verica gasped.
"The mist flowed past me, hovered over newborn Jazlyn, and then plunged into her crying mouth.” Night sniffled. “Some claimed the former Draconess died during the birth, but that was a lie. She arrived safely back from Raslo.”
“Jazlyn’s mother? She’s alive?”
“On that day at least. A few days after we returned, all her regular midwives disappeared. I realized it was because of what we witnessed. They must have been confused, and done away with the midwife I replaced in my stead. They thought they were getting rid of the witnesses. Breathe no words of this. If they find out you and I possess such dangerous information, we’ll likely disappear ourselves.”
 “Another Three Moons' Nights' is approaching next month. Do you think the Dracon will try again?” Verica asked.
"The Dracon has been sending the Fire Guard to imprison magi, hasn’t he?"
"So he’s preparing."
"Yes. Your scar...would I be wrong to suggest you host a wraith?"
"How did you know?"  
 Verica hosts a wraith? Wayden's nanny had told him stories about wraiths murdering innocent townsfolk and making clothes of their skin. Was Night in danger? Verica might do something terrible to her. Cold terror rushed through Wayden's throat. He flung open the door. 
“Oh, wraithin’ hell!” Verica said. “I thought you were going to the third floor.” The girl was a head shorter than Wayden and stick thin. Not exactly a terrifying sight.
 “Don’t move!” Wayden yelled.
 The blackness in Verica’s scar swirled and sparkled. Dark material trickled from the crack in her forehead. It spread over her face, like a watercolor transforming itself into a charcoal sketch, until the girl’s flesh became shadow. 
Footsteps scampered past him. The door swung open and the tray Wayden had left upon the floor went flying, spilling stew across the stairwell. 
"Darius's mercy,” Kolram said.
Wayden pursued her. There she was, a part of her at least. Her head and arms had reappeared as well as her legs and feet. In between remained invisible, which made a bizarre sight. Wayden grabbed her hand and pulled her towards him. She fell on top of him. He felt the flesh of her arms and face press into him. His head swirled and everything turned black.

Chapter 11 
 The Princess and the Mouse

If you were as old as me you would come to realize the folly of mercy- the truth of bones. –Asgaroth
-<>-

The Glimpse hurt, more than it usually did. Wayden gritted his teeth as he felt his mind stretch. Was it different because Verica was a wraith? 
The world swirled around him. The Glimpse sucked Wayden deep into Verica’s mind. He…no she… felt so dizzy. It was the poppy his father had given him...no, not his father...not Kelsen...Verica's father....Lord Healer Berik...Papa... had given her. It was so cold.  She hurt badly. The leaves dulled the pain, but made her feel fuzzy. 
She lay on a table in the lab. Why did Jazlyn dare me to go into the lab? Why did I listen? The last thing she remembered was reaching for her ball underneath the table and knocking it over. The red and black materials spilled and the burner fell onto them. Purple smoke billowed through the room and while a shrill noise pierced the air. There was a tiny pop. Then the room exploded, sending her flying into something hard. She hit her head against something sharp.
She drifted in and out of consciousness, waking to see papa standing over her. Her father was a tall, bald man with a beak-like nose. From this angle his nostrils appeared cavernous. Verica wanted to giggle, but her ribs hurt.
A voice like a cold wind moaned. “Release me… I can help."
Papa said to an acolyte Healer, "I must open the sarcophagus,"
The acolyte's face paled. "Is that wise, My Lord?"
"What other choice do I have?” he asked. “She's dying, Source save us." 
“That Source has nothing to with what’s in that sarcophagus.”
“Perhaps it does. Now stand aside.”
 Papa disappeared from Verica’s line of sight. She tried calling him back, but her parchment-dry throat refused.
 A creaking filled the room and her father spoke into the copper sarcophagus: “You’ll help save my daughter?”
“Only if you free me,” the cold voice moaned.
 “If I do, will you promise to save her?”
 “I promise.”
The acolyte muttered, “What good is the promise of a wraith?”
Her father twisted a stone dial on the side of the sarcophagus: left, right, and then left again. The coffin opened and something black-tar like flowed out. The wraith blended with the shadows. If Verica hadn’t been staring so intently, she would have missed him completely.
She tried to scream, but it just came out a whimper.
 “Don’t worry, sweet flower,” Papa clutched her hands. He must really be scared. He rarely called her affectionate names or gave her any sort of physical contact at all. “This is Lukor. He’s here to help.”
"Wraith..." Managing the single word exhausted her.
"Do not believe the stories. Not all wraiths are bad, and not all humans good."
The last part she knew to be true. She thought of the Dracon’s Fire-Whisperer forcing her father to leave his experiment unattended, despite her father’s ardent protests. The lab had been left unlocked. She’d rolled her mumbly ball into the crack and Jazlyn goaded her into fetching it by calling her a coward. It was all the Dracon’s fault.
Lukor’s fingers, if they could be called fingers- more like shadow knives- raked her skin, chilling her to the core. Verica’s scream froze in her throat.
Lukor’s hands explored her body methodically, settling upon her forehead. “There is your entryway. Every mortal has a different one. Berik, If I do this, it means I’d be inextricably bonded with your daughter until the day she dies.”
Verica closed her eyes, too tired to speak. 
“Is that the only way?” Papa asked.
“Yes,” Lukor said. 
Bonding with a wraith? Verica would be a monstrosity. She willed herself to flee the lab, but her legs remained stiff as stone.
“You would do this?” Papa asked.
 “Yes.”
“How would it work?” Father trembled.
“We who you call wraiths can cohabit with other souls. Your Immortal, Raylar, learned the secret. He used it to obtain soul mists from people’s bodies, but the practice has less aggressive uses. It can be a tool for peaceful co-existence. When I am inside her, my properties will heal her."
“Would you stay with her until she dies a natural death? Do you swear it?”
“I do.”
“There's no other way?”
“None. You must decide quickly. If she passes through death’s door, I cannot bring her back.”
“Do it,” Papa said, his eyes red and moist. 
Lukor’s hands pressed against her forehead, as if jabbing his fingers through it. Her head grew hot, followed by the sensation of a waterfall pouring into her skull. At first it was bearable, but the burning commenced. She howled in agony and slammed the back of her head against the table. 
“You’re hurting her!” Papa squeezed Verica’s hand. 
 “As a Healer you know that sometimes pain is necessary to preserve life,” Lukor’s voice resonated around the room. “Like your Weaver, I knit her back together. Verica? Can you hear me?” As Lukor spoke his voice switched from external to internal. His words sounded warmer now, no longer a cold moan. 
“He’s inside me Papa!” Verica cried out.
 Jazlyn has Asgaroth and she had Lukor.
Wayden gasped and opened his eyes.
 He sprawled on the staircase, head aching, mouth dry, and limbs numb. 
“Verica?” he said, but the half-wraith was gone.

-<>-
Jazlyn
Jazlyn paced the scullery, tears racing down her cheeks. 
“My mother might be alive,” she thought for the thousandth time since Verica delivered Night’s information. “She might be imprisoned somewhere all these years.”
Her scalp itched, a sign that Asgaroth was preparing to speak. 
“Or she might be dead.” The bone-tearing Immortal’s voice pealed like thunder in her head. “Your father might have killed her.”
“I refused to accept that, until there is no other option.”
Jazlyn bumped a haunch of salted meat, which swung into another, creating an endless series of reactions. Mouse, as Jazlyn affectionately called Verica, perched with folded legs upon the lid of a closed barrel. She kicked her feet in the air carelessly, delivering the news emotionlessly. Did Mouse not care that Jazlyn’s world had been turned upside down? Did she not understand how it felt that her mother might have been alive all these years, while Jazlyn grew up motherless cared for only by an interchangeable array of nannies? All the nights she’d cried herself to sleep, wishing she had a mother to love her. Not just the cold fish of a Draconess, her stepmother, or her heartless father who placed her in the care of various nannies but never allocated a moment of his own time or love.
Ec, a Mantu chef, with bulbous golden eyes and jade skin, leaned over the caldera hearth, stirring a steaming cauldron.
	"I can't believe this," Jazlyn said, in common speech.
	"Use the Red Tongue, Jaz," Mouse said, using the ancient dialect herself. 
Jazlyn normally loved the thrill of speaking in the Red Tongue, but now Jazlyn found the multisyllabic words burdensome. She wanted some new language where she could speak fiery words straight from the heart.
Ec took a batch of the pastries out of the oven with a long, wooden paddle. She slid them onto a cooling rack. Mouse reached for one, but Ec said, “Too hot, mistress.”
 “Do you think..." and then Jazlyn remembered to switch to the Red Tongue.  "Do you think my mother could still be alive?"
	Mouse’s eyes never met Jazlyn's. Instead, she stared at the cooling pastries. She shrugged. "Not sure. The Dracon might have done away with her."
	Jazlyn fought an impulse to throttle her friend. "How can she be so cold? Doesn't she realize this is tearing my heart out?”
	Asgaroth, the Immortal in Jazlyn’s mind, thought, "She doesn't care about you. Why should she?" 
“You’re manipulating me,” Jazlyn thought. "You don't have a sword so you attack me with words."  Jazlyn took a deep breath. “It’s not Mouse’s fault. The wraith part of her doesn't understand human emotions.”
	"Wraiths are an enemy," Asgaroth said. "But Verica has never truly been your friend. The scar gives you a glimpse into her true self.”
	 "Oh, stop it. Mouse isn’t my enemy. It's my father," Jazlyn thought. "He's the one who locked my mother away somewhere, and told everyone she was dead."
	"Yes, it's your father's fault. Use my power. Tear the bones from his traitorous body."
	"Why is it always bones with you? You're four-thousand-years old, and all you can think of is tearing the bones from people’s bodies?”
	"Enemies need to be dealt with, not coddled. If you were as old as me you would come to realize the folly of mercy- the truth of bones."
	An image coalesced in Jazlyn’s mind: Asgaroth holding the tip of his black sword beneath Darius Dragonking's red beard at his neck. The light of the huge green moon glinted off the blade that normally, couldn’t kill an Immortal. A Three Moons’ Night amplified magic. Asgaroth hesitated. Darius had been an ally. They had fought together against the Wraiths, the Shadow Queen, and the Weaver during the First Dark War.
“I’ll spare you this time, Darius, but cross me again, and I shall be less forgiving.”
The memory shifted, and Jazlyn saw a beautiful blonde woman on a stone slab, her face pale and her eyes closed. Asgaroth stood by her side, clutching a silver bracelet upon her wrist. “Lyssa...no...no...I won’t let you die.”
The image faded quickly, as if Asgaroth yanked it from her.
"I'm sorry you lost her," Jazlyn thought.
"Save your precious pity."
Mouse took a pastry, blew on it, and nibbled its edges. She had a system for eating her desserts that took a long notch of the sundial. "These... are... delicious!”
Ec curtsied. "This one is glad to please, mistress."
Mouse switched to the Language of Whispers. “Oh by the Heart Stone, Jazlyn you have to try one.”
 How can she think about food at a time like this?
Through the window, the sky darkened over Deep Woods, gray clouds canopying the forest. 
Jazlyn spun on her heels, facing Mouse. "I must ask you something that might put you in grave personal danger. Would you use your shadow form to find out where my father is imprisoning my mother?”
Mouse frowned. "What am I? Your personal spy?"
Jazlyn ran her hand over her friend's scar. A cold emanated from the dark abyss. "I feel terrible for what happened to you. I wish I could go back in time and stop myself from daring you. I wish it more than anything. Can you ever forgive me?"
Mouse sighed. "There's nothing to forgive, it was an accident. But Jaz, spying on the Dracon...that's serious business. Treason, if I'm caught. I took an impulsive chance, rushing into the lab and now look at me. I'm a monster."
"You’re not!" Jazlyn said, grabbing her hand. "You’re beautiful. There’s no one like you in the entire world." 
"Lucky for them."
Jazlyn stroked Mouse's cheek. "Lucky for you. Who else can perform such an amazing feat?"
Mouse's lip twitched, not quite a smile.
Thunder rumbled outside. Jazlyn looked out the window at the gathering clouds. "It's going to be a big one."
Mouse nodded, the shadows lengthening across her face. "Then we best get ready for it.”
					
-<>- 

A scream erupted from outside. Rif yelled, "H-h-help! Help! He's dead!" 
Wayden raced down the stairs, wondering who was dead. When he got to the main room, the front door was wide open and the cool air blew in. The orphans gathered outside in the yard. He approached the Dariuses, trying to see what they were encircling, but he couldn’t get through. A sense of frightened excitement electrified the air.
Frog-faced Darius turned to Wayden, his face pale and shaken. When Handsome moved, Wayden caught a glimpse of Big Darius lying prone.
“Is he-”
 “Dead," Frog-faced Darius whispered, "Rif found him."
Had Rif done it? Maybe Arth had taken over his mind. Rif leaned over the body, crying, pumping at Big Darius’s chest. 
Blond Darius shook his head. “It ain’t no good, Rif.”
Handsome Darius turned to Wayden.  "Rif did it. You saw what he did to the scagazi. Big Darius and Rory were right about him. We should have turned him over to the Guard.”
“And me?” Wayden hissed. “You’ll turn me over too?”
Handsome hesitated. “Well, you didn’t murder anyone.” 
Cursed Darius grunted. "Yet."
Wayden’s mind whirred. Big Darius had become involved delivering messages for Gior, the man who sucked souls in alleyways for money. Could Gior have something to do with the murder? If he did, proving it would be crucial to proving Rif's innocence.
"I don't think Rif did it," Wayden said, "and I think I can find out who did."
The next day, Wayden hid behind kegs in the alleyway near the fishmonger's cart. He wiped cobwebs away, and crouched in the shadows. Water dripped from a gutter, pooling between the cracked cobblestones. He waited, watching the sun arc across the sky. 
 “Gior’s a dangerous man,” Kolram said, “If he spots you, he won’t hesitate to use violence.”
“I can slip away if needed.” 
The barrels were positioned near the crack between two buildings. Viper-Tattoo was too big to fit through it, but Wayden could.
His legs cramped, and he almost gave up, when footsteps approached. Wayden peeked through a crack between the barrels. Gior and Viper-tattoo arrived. The acolyte who paid for soul-stealing slunk alongside. His face was pale. Wayden held his breath, not daring to make any noise. 
The acolyte handed Gior a single silver coin.
"One silver? Where’s the rest?" Gior asked.
"I don't have it," the acolyte said. "Please. I need it."
"One coin, will buy you one pull." Gior gestured with his hands and chanted: "Pull the mist for our young friend, one silver, one pull, and now it ends."
“I'm better at rhymes than that,” Wayden thought.
“It is times like this I miss having my own eyes, so I could roll them,” Kolram said.
The acolyte's soul mist emerged from his lips. He purred in delight, "Yes! Yes!" Then Gior let his soul mist slide back into his mouth and the acolyte's face fell. "A little more, please. Just a little more."
"Come back with more coin and I'll oblige," Gior said.  “Now get.”
“But…
	Viper-Tattoo towered over the acolyte menacingly flexing his muscles. The acolyte scurried off.
Could Big Darius have witnessed something like this and tried to blackmail the acolyte? Then the acolyte, already broke and desperate for money, might have killed Big Darius to silence him. 
“But there was no mark on Big D's body,” Kolram pointed out. “It had to be a Soul-stealer.”
 That really only left two suspects: Rif and Gior. Three if you wanted to count the Dracon. 
The big man stared in Wayden's direction. 
"Does he see me?" Wayden asked.
"Time to get out of here," Kolram said.
Wayden moved towards the gap between the two buildings, but too late. Viper-Tattoo’s big hands squeezed him in his iron grip.

Chapter 12   							
The Beacon

						 
	That's what patience is. Waiting past the point of tiredness. –Jijari
   					   -<>-

Jazlyn's footsteps echoed off the basalt walls of the Red Palace, as she moved briskly through the corridor. “My mother might be alive. She might be alive.”
“Or she might not be,” Asgaroth reminded her.
Her bodyguard escorted her, a towering Ozac. His name was Org, but Mouse had nicknamed him the Gray Shadow because he walked silently. At seven feet tall, Org had to duck beneath the oil lamps dangling from copper chains.
 There were times when Jazlyn missed her old nanny as a companion. True, she’d fussed at her for skipping and twirling. She’d considered anything fun unladylike ever since Jazlyn had committed the grievous sin of turning thirteen. But at least she talked. Org was as silent as the stone walls of the volcanic fortress.
Jazlyn passed the jewelry shop, without a second look, which caused Org to raise a surprised eyebrow. 
Jazlyn changed her opinion about Org. He was way too communicative.  She turned towards the gray giant and barked, "Silence!"
	Org lowered his eyebrow. 
	"Thank you!" Jazlyn said, straightening her dress and throwing her chin up imperiously before continuing at her brisk pace.
“There are more important things to life then shopping and jewelry, you know. And don’t you dare raise that eyebrow again!” 
	Jazlyn had no time for frivolities. She was making a beeline for the archives. She was going to find out what happened to her mother, even if it killed her. Which it might. If the Dracon murdered the Grandmasters and his first wife, he probably wouldn’t hesitate to add daughter-slaying to his list of sins. Especially seeing as he treated the daughter-in-question like an anathema.
They passed one of the few windows in the Red Palace. It had been dug into the exterior wall by Doblin, the Digger Mage, before he’d tragically come down with the plague. Jazlyn had been talking to Doblin the day before he’d been confined to the Plague room and the mage had looked positively healthy. It had shocked Jazlyn, to hear the next day he’d been placed under quarantine with no allowance for visitors. He’d been like an uncle to her too. Sad. How quickly one's health could transform. The fragility of life.
Through the mullioned glass, Jazlyn could see the Devil’s Valley below. A stream of molten lava crept down the mountainous sides of the Red Palace, oozing into boiling calderas. Where the fiery fingers of magma touched the water, a sheen of vapor rose like a veil to hide the bubbling blue-green waters of Cook’s Lake. Jazlyn watched a spout of steam rocket upwards from the mist.
The corridors circled deeper into the heart of the castle. No windows lit the way here, but Glower-Stones lit the corridors. Several of the Glower Magi had also been confined to the Plague room. It seemed the magi were the only ones catching the plague. Perhaps they were more susceptible for some reason.
She passed the guarded entrance to the Court of Flames, where Volkanus the Fourteenth slumbered. The dragon's deep snores echoed off the walls. Up ahead, she saw the book-shaped door to the archives.
	Though she sought the archives, the information she needed wasn't held in the leather bound tomes. It rested inside the wrinkled skull of Gol, librarian and Jazlyn’s mother’s close friend. It was Jazlyn's hope that Gol could shed light on her mother’s whereabouts. 
	A heavy-set Flicker, standing guard over the archives, fell to one knee. "May the Flame light your way, Daughter Draconi." 
Jazlyn ordered Org. "Wait here."
	 The door to the archives was designed like a giant book cover. Jazlyn put her fingers at the edge of the cover, and flipped it open. Instead of a squeak, the door emitted the fluttering sound of turned pages.
	The crowded stone chamber was filled with rolled scrolls, hand-written manuscripts, yellowed parchments, chalky clay tablets, and tomes bound with sinew. Several acolytes, in their brownish-red robes, were copying scrolls under the guidance of gray-haired Fire-Whisperer, Ko, from the Temple of the Sun. Jazlyn had never liked Ko: he was one of the Purists who preached Verica should be put to death, and non-humans like Org and Ec should be exiled.
	Gol emerged from a side door. Her silver hair was pulled back into a bun. Beneath the twinkle of her spectacled green eyes lay a sea of sadness. "Daughter Draconi! What a pleasant surprise. You’ve grown so much. You look more like your mother every day."
	"It is she I wish to speak to you about, Mistress Gol. Is there a place we could speak privately?”
	Gol led Jazlyn back through her office door, the book cover closing behind her. The archivist’s alcove held a cluttered writing desk, a lava hearth, and a small round table. They sat on stools with ashen legs shaped like dragon tails. The librarian poured tea and offered Jazlyn a porcelain cup bearing enameled flames.
 Jazlyn couldn't stop thinking her mother might have been sitting in a prison all these years. She’d cried herself to sleep many a night, wishing her mother was alive. Now she’d found out that perhaps she was.
"Or she might not be,” Asgaroth said. “Your father might have had her killed." 
"I won't accept that."
"Then you're weak." 
Jazlyn's hands trembled and the tea sloshed onto her gown, turning the fabric a darker shade of red.
Gol dried Jazlyn with a rag. “Oh, your poor dress. What ails, my princess? You shake like a leaf in the wind.” 
Jazlyn kept her voice soft, fearing Ko might try to eavesdrop. “Do you know what happened to my mother after my birth?"
Gol draped the damp rag on an edge of the red-glowing hearth. "Your Highness knows very well your mother died during your birth." 
"Did you see my mother's body?" 
"Of course. We all did." Gol took Jazlyn's hand in her own and squeezed. "There was a funeral. Her wrapped remains were burned in the caldera in the Court of Flames itself."
Jazlyn clenched her cup so tight she was surprised it didn’t shatter in her grip. "Wrapped remains. So, you do not know it was her?"
Gol blew a breath across the surface of her tea. Steam rose from it like the surface of Cook’s Lake. "Who else could it have been?"
"Why anyone, if it was wrapped. Let's assume for a moment that my mother wasn't killed. Where would they have locked her away? So she would tell no tales?"
Gol's face paled. "This thing you suggest is horrendous. I'll hear no more of it."
"Do you put it past my father to do such?  Swear it on your soul."
Gol's eye lids closed and she let out a sigh. "No. I do not. I cannot.”
"Then help me, for the Love of Darius,” Jazlyn pleaded. “For the love you had for my mother, help right this wrong."
 Gol sat her tea down again without taking a sip. She cracked open the door of her alcove and peeked out. Closing the door, she kept her voice soft, “There is a man who might be of help. An Ember…or maybe he’s a Flame now if he’s been promoted. Haldur. He's the officer in charge of records. He can help you for a coin. But this is not a path I can recommend to you. Give up this foolish inquiry. It will only lead to trouble. Of course, I know good advice will fall on deaf ears."
"Thank you, Mistress." Jazlyn squeezed Gol’s bony arm.
“Before you go, there is something you should have.” Gol opened a drawer and withdrew a necklace. Dazzling light splintered off a sapphire that hung from its golden thread. All the light of the world seemed to dance in the stone’s heart.
"This necklace belonged to your mother. I admired it and she gave it to me as a gift. I’ve been meaning to give it to you.” Gol placed it around Jazlyn's neck. "I'm dreadfully afraid for you. Do be careful. Delicate things can be so easily broken."	
					
					    -<>- 

Wayden tried to pull away from the Viper-tattoo's grip, but the ruffian held too tightly. Luckily, he was holding onto Wayden’s robed arm, so the Glimpse wasn’t triggered. His breath stunk of an odious concoction of fish, liver, tobacco, and Fire-brandy. His cracked lips were flecked with saliva. 
Gior approached Wayden. The mole really was amazingly large. Wayden wondered how Gior could blow his nose with that monstrosity. And so much hair grew from it, would Gior have to comb the beast? 
 “You really know how to focus on the least important things, don’t you?” Kolram said.
“Distracting myself from the horrific and potentially deadly situations in which I find myself has become something of an art form for me.”
Gior’s breath was fresh at least. If anything it smelled too good, like he’d gargled perfume.
"Who you spying for?” Gior asked. “And don't tell me you were just sun bathing behind the barrels."
"I want to know what happened to Big D,” Wayden demanded, trying to sound braver than he felt.
"Do you, now? You think you are in a position to demand information from me? Tell me, why shouldn't I slit your throat?"
It was a fair question, if not a kind one, and Wayden's mind raced for an answer.  The blood might stain his robes? It would be a lot of trouble to dispose of his body? Then in a flash, Wayden knew what to say. "Because Dracon and Dakarth kicked you out of their school of soul-stealing. You want revenge on them. I know what they are up to." 
"How did you know that?”  Gior asked.
“Arth told me,” Wayden replied.
"Arth is dead."
"That doesn't stop people as much as it used to."
Gior narrowed his eyes. A rat scurried across the alley. “Are you a Death-Speech?”
"Fair trade. Information for information."
Gior laughed, looking up at Viper-tattoo. "I like this boy.”
A rat scurried from the alley, seeking refuge behind one of the casks. Hammering from a nearby cooper’s shop resonated against the brick walls.
“Swear on the Source, you’ll let me go and that you’ll tell the truth,” Wayden demanded.
“You ask a lot. First, prove to me you know something of value.”
"Dakarth and the Dracon are going to try the Soul-stealing magic again on the next Three Moons’ Night. That's why they're arresting mages. Now swear."
 “Interesting.” Gior stood in silence for a moment, and then sighed. “Fine, I swear, may the Gods above strike me down if I lie, that if you tell me valuable information, I’ll let you go and what I tell you will be true, may the wraiths steal my soul if I lie. You need to swear it as well.”
“I too will tell the truth, may the Source strike me down if I lie. Are you responsible for Big D’s death?"
"No. How are Dakarth and the Dracon going to do this?” Gior asked. “They failed last time.”
“Another Three Moons’ Night is coming. I believe they’ve been gathering more information and feel they can achieve their goal this time. Is Arth a murderer?”
“No.”
“How can you be sure?”
“Arth was squeamish,” Gior said. “He didn't like killing unless necessary.  How could you talk to Arth?" 
"Arth’s soul after being sucked found a host. What did you have Big D delivering?"
"Information to a Sky Raider lady who is paying me handsomely for it,” Gior said. “Who is Arth's host?"
"I won't tell you that. You might hurt him."
"Then you lose." Gior pressed the tip of his blade against Wayden's jugular.
"Wait, I can tell you something else instead. Something you’ll find important."
“I’m listening.”
Wayden tried to think of what else he knew that could interest Gior without endangering himself or Rif. He knew something about Verica, but then what if Gior or his thugs did something to her? She wasn’t much more protected than Wayden was. Jazlyn however- Jazlyn had that entourage of guards. "Jazlyn hosts Asgaroth."
"The Daughter Draconi?" Gior whistled. "Glad I didn't kill you. That's a valuable tidbit."
Valuable to whom? He said he was giving information to a Sky Raider woman. Why would the Sky Raiders care though? Wayden felt like mice were building a nest in his spine.
"Alright, boy, get lost," Gior said. As soon as Viper-tattoo released Wayden, he raced out of the alley. As soon as he was back behind the gate, he realized Gior had gotten more from the exchange than he had. He’d felt so clever at the time, now his stomach churned. Had he placed Jazlyn in danger? What had he done?

-<>-

Mavik trudged towards the sled, arms stiff as the firewood he carried. The sled was already heavy with its load and its runners sank into the snow. 
He wished Emerelda was here to talk with, and not back at the slave camp. 
“You think too much on sin,” Jijari thought. “You will drown in it.”
“This whole place is drowning in sin and none of it has anything to do with Emerelda and me. Anyway, I doubt she likes me. How could she? I’m a mess.” 
Tangled hair, stick-thin from lack of food, and badly in need for a bath, he hardly looked like a dashing Dragon Knight.
A shadow fell on him. Looking up, he saw Desha’s black skywolf spiraling downwards, wings extended. The wolf and rider landed in front of him.
 Melting snowflakes glistened on black feathered wings and furred body, but the black was mottled with gray these days, and the wolf looked more its age with each passing year, as did its rider. Desha’s long purple ponytail was half silver. However, his eyes were unchanged, as cruel as the day he’d shot Mavik's mother. Desha's dried-finger necklace jiggled as the wolf stretched. Mavik thought he could figure out which finger belonged to which slave, but that was a puzzle best left unsolved. 
Desha, with a pat on the saddle, motioned for Mavik to climb upon the skywolf. "The Lord Skymaster wants a word." 
Mavik knew better than to argue. He clambered onto the front part of the saddle. Desha tightened leather straps around Mavik’s legs and tied his wrists behind his back. The wolf launched itself into the air, shot like an arrow from a bow, flying in an arc up the steep incline of Mount Odesis. 
Mavik’s stomach churned. He'd never enjoyed riding on a skywolf, though to be fair he’d never ridden one as a free man. The air grew thinner, as they ascended, and ragged clouds of cold escaped Mavik’s lips.
The slave camp shrank, patched tents no more than tiny squares of tan from the dizzying altitude. They flew over the first rampart towards the Nest, the circular fortress which ringed Mount Odesis. One of the iron sky gates on the side of the Nest swung open and a blond Sky Raider flew past them on a terracotta wolf. 
The tip of Beacon's fiery hands swayed in the wind as they approached, and flared up like a Glower mage's firework show. Desha's black skywolf glided to a landing near the fire. The flames licked the air. The warmth of it was a blessing the Skymaster didn't deserve.
Desha leapt nimbly off the wolf and jerked Mavik down in front of Gar's gilded eagle throne. The snow soaked through the knees of Mavik’s leggings, but the bonfire was warm.
The Skymaster's family perched on golden bird-shaped thrones. Gar sat imperiously in the center throne. The gilded chair was carved into the likeness of an eagle, though a vulture would have been more apt.
 Gar's leather clad arms rested on gilded wings. Snowfall dotted his shaven head. Around his tree trunk of a neck, he wore a pearl necklace and upon his wrist a golden armband set with the emblem of a leaf on it. Why a leaf, Mavik wondered. Gar was hardly a follower of Bantos’s Way of the Trees. The reflection of the bonfire danced upon Gar’s jewelry.
"I suspect those items he wears are magical,” Jijari said, “perhaps even God-weapons." 
A scar ran across Gar's face from his jaw to his missing eye. It looked like a wound that ought to have killed a normal man, but Mavik had heard Gar had escaped death a dozen times.
 The Skymaster drew from his cloak a whet stone, upon which he began to sharpen his dagger. The blue blade seemed to glisten like an icicle. Mavik felt as if the bonfire were his unspoken voice, as if its angry flames were his own righteous wrath. Here he sat before him, the man who had destroyed Mavik’s family.
The owl throne belonged to Gar's newest Sky Wife, Yveka, daughter of the Wolf. Yveka drew one of the many blades she wore in her knife belt and began to work on a wooden statuette. Her face was almost as jagged as the wood she whittled, all sharp angles and planes. As she moved, her blue hair swung, unveiling an ugly purple bruise beneath her left eye. The expression 'as cursed as a Sky Wife' had sprung up because misfortune always befell Gar’s brides. Some were exiled, a few were confined to the slave camp, but most were sent flying off the mountain without a wolf.
"Maybe I could leap at Gar,” Mavik thought, “Knock him into the fire."
"You would give up your life," Jijari said.
"Might be worth it."
"Your life is not yours to give away, Child. The Source has plans for you. Patience."
"I'm tired of patience."
"That's what patience is. Waiting past the point of tiredness."
The hawk throne belonged to Alaina Skydaughter, a half-Mantu. Her face was a light shade of jade and her eyes a dazzling gold. She was garbed in thick black moleskin over a leather jerkin. Her red hair, streaked with green, was pulled back in a sleek ponytail. 
Mavik felt the invisible web strung between himself and Alaina. It was the same Connection Spell that bound him to Wayden and Emerelda.
"Does she bear a Grandmaster inside of her?” Mavik wondered. “Zaburn? Arth? Nadra? What irony, a Grandmaster ending up in the Skydaughter." 
"Three of us Grandmasters ended up here,” Jijari said, “Could it be coincidence? Or are they collecting us?"
 Alaina must have felt the Connection Spell as well, because she stared at Mavik with a wrinkled brow and pursed lips. He wished he’d an opportunity to speak with her alone, but that wasn't likely to happen. 
A blank canvas set upon an easel swayed against its tethers, as the force of the mountain top wind lashed at it. Oil paints, which wouldn't work with Splasher magic, lay ready for Mavik's use. Mavik smiled inwardly at Gar's misperception. The man might have been a powerful Beast Tongue, but he didn't know the first thing about water prophecies. For one thing, they needed water! The most basic of liquids bound all living things and channeled the Source. It would prove unwise to correct Gar's misunderstanding and perhaps he could find some way to turn it to his own advantage.
"Paint me a prophecy, boy," Gar said. "I want to know my future."
 "Why don't you get Laeko to make you another prophecy? Oh, I remember, now,” Yveka said, her words spoken in mocking forgetfulness. “You hated her last one. Why do you think this boy's prophecy will be any better? The future is the future."
Mavik wondered who Laeko was and what Gar had done with her after not liking her prophecy. He’d a suspicion it hadn't been pleasant. He had to think of what to paint, but his mind was as blank as the canvas before him. 
Gar glared at her. "Lock your lips, woman. Did I ask you to speak?" 
Alaina climbed off her throne and stepped towards Mavik, squinting at him with golden eyes. She asked, "Do you feel something strange about this boy? Like a pull in your chest?" The wind blew her green and red hair over her golden eyes.
"I feel nothing. Go and see the Shaman if you are ill."
“I’m fine.”
“I said ‘go!’" Gar turned to Yveka and said, "Cursed girl grows more like you every day. Maybe I should blacken her eyes as well.”
"Maybe you should open your own," Yveka shot back.
Mavik sensed Gar secretly like her feistiness, for a smile played on his snaky lips.
Alaina stood up, her jaw quivering, and headed towards a stone rampart. She dug her fingers into a groove in the stone and a hidden door slid open with a grinding sound. Mavik had never actually seen one of the Weaver's hidden doors open. He stared at it, hoping to see some sort of a hint, so as to be able to find others of the Weaver's doors.
The Nest used to be the Weaver's fortresses. She’d dug tunnels inside of the mountain itself. Some claimed if you could find it, there was a secret underground world. If the tunnels existed, no slave ever found them, and not for lack of looking. Alaina gave Mavik one last curious glance, before disappearing into the door. It closed behind her and left no trace of being anything other than solid rock. 
Gar examined the edge of his knife. "Is that painting done yet? I brought you up here to paint, not gawk. Hurry up, unless you want to go flying without a wolf."
Mavik stared down the steep, icy cliff, at the slave camp below, realizing just how far there was to fall.

Chapter 13 
Daughter Sky

You don’t spit in the face of power without the wind blowing it back. –Nadra
						-<>- 
					
"I might have a bigger mouth than you, Kolram."
"I do not think that possible."
“I hope I haven’t gotten Jazlyn in trouble.”
As Wayden walked through the yard, Rory and Crag were talking under the chestnut tree, while Candy Darius and Cursed Darius dug Big D’s grave. 
“We have to tell the Fire Guard,” Rory said.
"Bah, the Fire guard,” Crag answered. “Every time they come here 'to help' they leave with a pocket full of my coins. We can bury our own dead well enough." 
"But— what if this was murder? What if Rif did him in?" 
"Murder! Pish! How could that little Tulkarian have murdered Big D?"
"He used magic like he did on them scagazi."
"Rory, we've been through this. Children can't use magic."
But Rif could use magic. It sounded like Arth wasn’t a murderer, but there was the woman inside of Rif as well. Wayden needed to talk to Rif.
Wayden hurried into the main room. Too-tall was clearing dishes.
“Have you seen Rif?” 
“He’s delivering Night's stew.”
Wayden hurried up the stairwell, but slowed as he reached the fifth floor landing. He could hear Night and Rif talking.
“You will be at the center of the juncture,” Night said. "I've seen it."
“H-h-how?” Rif asked.
“I see you blowing into the mouths of the statue...wait, I hear someone on the stairwell.”
Wayden rushed down the stairs, and hid in an alcove on the third floor, before he could be spotted, unsure if he was running from enemies or allies or some combination of the two.

<>

Mavik touched his brush lightly to the canvas, though he still had no idea what to paint. Perhaps, Gar on top of the Beacon? No, Gar, already owned the Beacon. He'd want to see something grander. He stared at the view, hoping for inspiration.
To the south, far in the distance, he could see the southern wall of the world. Instead of flame, this was a wall of glittering ice, stretching endlessly into the air. Once, while gathering firewood, Desha had brought them within a few feet of the wall. 
The wall was too frosted and thick to see through. It exuded no cold, cast no shadow. Mavik had touched it with a stick though, and the tip of the stick froze into solid ice and then broke into a thousand brittle pieces. Perhaps he could paint Gar breaking a hole through the wall? No, even Gar would doubt himself capable of that impossible feat. Mavik had to make the prophecy something believable enough that Gar would think it genuine. He didn’t fancy being sent flying off the side of the Nest without a wolf.
To the east, in the distance, Mavik could see the tall, twisted spires of the Bone Palace where Ice King Dakarth sat upon his throne. Perhaps Mavik could paint Gar on the Throne of Bone? No, Gar would know that as a lie, too. Dakarth had been dictator for the last two thousand years.
To the north, Temple Dark Fist burst through the ice, a stone fist raised in defiance against the sky. Surrounding the temple were four large black boulders, each a different shape: the Anvil, the Moon, the Maiden, and the Skull. Beyond that, far in the distance, was Deep Woods, the border between Raslonia and Helos. 
He could paint Gar in the Red Palace, but perhaps Gar would take that as an omen and invade Mavik's homeland. He needed to paint something before Gar lost patience, but fear was the enemy of creativity, and his mind felt as barren as the icy plains.
An amber skywolf landed on the Beacon. Mavik didn't recognize the woman riding it. The woman pulled back her gray fur cape, and kneeled before Gar. "The Sky is the Master."
"You may stand. Did you meet your contact?" Gar asked.
The woman answered. "I did. He confirmed what we suspected. The Dracon plans to betray you."
Yveka shot up from her throne, shaking her whittled wood at Gar. "I warned you." 
"Sit down, wench.” Gar stared at his knife. All eyes were on the Skymaster. The only noise was the wind whistling and flapping against Mavik’s canvas. Finally, Gar asked, “Can we trust Crow?"
"Trust no one, but another contact bears similar tidings." 
"Unless they are both in on the trick together, and decided to feed you the same lie. I despise politics. Give me a sword over a parchment any day. What's the Dracon's plan?"
"On the Three Moons' Night, he'll have his soldiers seize you, and you're to be sacrificed with the other magi. The Dracon will soul-steal your powers along with the rest."
"I see." The orange light of the fire played off Gar's one good eye. 
"I'll have to talk to Dakarth about what to do about that."
Yveka looked up from her whittling. Her wooden statuette had taken the shape of a wolf woman. "You trust the son of the Bone King?"
Gar snarled at Yveka. "You think you are so wise, woman. Let me tell you, I have sources in Raslonia. Dakarth wants to free his father, plain and simple. He believes once Asgaroth has risen, the rest will follow."
"Dakarth is right. The rest will follow." Yveka's hair swung to the side revealing her swollen eye. "Asgaroth will be unstoppable. It will be you and me down in the slave camps, while Asgaroth rules, or perhaps he’ll use our bones for his next temple."
"Let him try.” Gar lifted his knife. “These Immortals are no stronger than me. I'm a better Beast Tongue than the Dragonking ever was."
"You're not invulnerable."
Gar fingered his armband. "You'd be surprised."
"You can't control Volkanus like the Dragonking did."
Gar leapt from his chair and put the tip of his knife against Yveka's neck. "Why do you try me, wench?"
Yveka narrowed her eyes. "Put that knife away before I put your last eye out with it."
All eyes focused on the tip of Gar's knife. Then Gar sheathed the blade with a laugh. "May the Gods help me, I like this woman. Go into the Nest and stop causing trouble. We are talking important things here. Go, before I change my mind and feed you to the Beacon as kindling." 
“You have to be careful with fire, my husband. You might get burned,” Yveka said before disappearing into the doorway to the Nest. Gar took a step towards Mavik. Mavik's chest constricted. The canvas was blank, save a few dabs of blue. But then Gar reversed course, and paced the other direction.
"What else?"
“Gior has some new information. It's possible the Daughter Draconi may host Asgaroth.”
“Interesting. Perhaps she is the answer to my problem.”
"One last thing. A white female dragon was sighted near the Wall of Flames."
In a flash, Mavik knew what he must paint.  He dabbed his paintbrush into the pallet.
"A female dragon?" The excitement in Gar's voice was palpable. The last known dragon clutch hatched almost fifty years ago and most of those had died in their youth. "If I can get hold of a dragon and train it to do my will, I'd be considered the Dragonking reborn. Is the dragon large?"
"She’s no Volkanus. A mere thrice the size of your skywolf. Definitely, a she though, with a cat-like face.”
Mavik vaguely recalled his tutor’s lesson on dragon anatomy. She’d pointed to their pet dragon cats to demonstrate male dragon's faces tended to be more horse-like than females. Mavik missed those two pesky little beasts. The dragon cats had been two more victims of the Sky Raider’s invasion.
"Excellent. There is a possibility then of her laying a clutch of dragon eggs for me. Where do they think she came from?”
“Some say she flew through the Wall of Fire.”
Gar laughed at that notion. “Everyone knows the Walls are the edges of the world.”
 “Others say it must have been an unhatched egg. Those clutches can be underground a long time before they hatch. No real way of knowing.”
 “I see. Well done. You must be tired after your journey. Skarak, take her down to the scullery. See she is treated well."
Skarak pumped his fist. "The Sky is the Master."
Gar nodded. "Dismissed."
 The huge Ozac touched the groove of stone, opening the trapdoor. The Ozac descended down a long stairwell, the spy trailing behind him.
Gar glanced at Mavik. "Boy, how comes my prophecy? Done yet?"
Mavik stared at the image he’d created.  He’d more practice with watercolors, and this painting looked a bit clumsy to him. Still, the portrait was clear enough, Gar on the back of a white dragon, sword raised. The painting was gaudy, but Mavik guessed right that Gar would like it. A smug smile spread across his face. The Beast Master riding a dragon, like the Dragon King himself.  Mavik just hoped it wouldn’t become true.
Mavik touched his brush to the pallet carelessly as a flash for the Source coursed through his mind. He tipped the pallet onto the melting snow by his feet. On the ground, the warmth of the Beacon had created a pool of melted slush, into which the oil paints swirled. An image formed in the melted ice, so small that Mavik doubted anyone else could see it, though to him it was crystal clear. He could see the Anvil, one of the four rocks that encircled Dark Fist, face had opened when Emerelda held an amber snake against it.
Mavik had painted a prophecy all right, but it wasn’t of Gar's glories. It was one of the secret doorways to the underground nation of the Weaver. It was his escape route.
	
-<>-
Alaina
Alaina, daughter of Gar Skymaster, heir to the eagle throne, petted her skywolf’s thick red fur. Red Paw licked the tears from her cheeks, but even the elixir of wolf slobber couldn’t cheer her up on this darkest of days. 
"Poor Laeko," Alaina thought, "She was like a mother to me."
“And you let them take her,” thought Grandmistress Nadra, Fire-Whisperer, from inside Alaina's mind.
“Silence your breath, Nadra.” Alaina brushed old feathers away, uncovering a layer of new red feathers springing up beneath the old gray blanket. The feathers stuck to Alaina's fingers. Red Paw let out an annoyed growl.
"Don't be a baby," Alaina said, rubbing her furry head. She looked around to make sure no one had heard her. Sky Raiders considered it unseemly to treat your skywolf like a friend, as the dirt-dwellers treated their pets. Not that she’d any friends left to lose. The other young Sky Raiders seemed afraid to talk to the Skydaughter, after what her father did to that Ozac boy who called her lime-skin. She could still hear his screams in her nightmares.
 Laeko, the ancient librarian, was the only one who had understood Alaina's love for Red Paw. She’d said, "In the old days, the wolves were considered a rider's soul. If a skywolf died, the owner would mourn for a year, until they were given a new wolf, and a new soul. For that year they would be the Shunned, and none would talk with the soulless for fear of losing their own soul."
Poor Laeko, she thought again. Father, why did you have to toss the Weaver's statue off of the Nest? Laeko, why did you have to denounce him?
A few days ago, Laeko had shouted, “Gar, you think yourself a god, but you are just a vain fool. You are nothing and your legacy will be dust.” 
 Gar had laughed. “I should have sent you down to the slave camps when you made that false prophecy about me. Me killed by fire. I don't die so easily. I was going to send you down to the slave camp soon, anyway. The Dracon will pay nicely for a prophet. The fool doesn’t know false prophets from real ones."
The memory of Laeko being dragged to the camps haunted Alaina's dreams. She hadn't slept more than a few hours since Laeko had been enslaved.
"Your father thinks he is the Dragonking reborn, but he’s a barbarian,” Nadra said, “Your whole tribe is nothing but a gaggle of thugs." 
Alaina wished she could tell Nadra she was being unfair, but her father, despite his wealth, was neither gentle nor refined. Gar had all the external trappings: paintings, silks, wines, sculptures, but you could throw a dress upon an Ozac and it would not make him the queen of the fairies.
Where to go? She didn't want to stay in the kennel. The smell was making her nauseous. The Temple now displayed her father’s statue. That would make her even more nauseous. Her chamber was too small and cramped. Not the training room, she couldn't deal with combat lessons today. Not the Beacon, she would say something to cross her father, and earn a bruise around her eye to match Yveka's. The archive would be nice, but it was closed and barred since Laeko's arrest.
Alaina missed the archive. It had been her true home. Laeko was always saying things like, "I found a book you'll enjoy" or "you have to read this."  Sometimes, she read aloud to Alaina. They huddled up in front of a fire. Laeko could have been a mummer, with the way she acted out characters with such exuberance.
"Poor Laeko." Alaina thought.
"Poor Laeko?” Nadra said, “The fool sealed her own fate. You don’t spit in the face of power without the wind blowing it back."
Footsteps echoed in the outside corridor. Alaina heard her father’s voice. She went to the kennel door and listened at the key hole. Her father was saying, “...four thousand for her. Why do you think I bother to keep her around?"
Then she heard her step-mother's voice, "Don't you have enough with the others? Do you have no heart?”
“Silence, wench. If I wanted your opinion, I would have asked for it." 
“Why do you bother talking to me at all?" Yveka asked. "If all you want to hear is the sound of your own voice, find a canyon with a strong echo and you can listen to yourself all day.”
The sound of a slap on bare skin resonated down the hallway. 
"As I said, a barbarian," Nadra said.
Alaina's stomach twisted. Her father was cruel to everyone.
The wolves let out a howl and the iron sky gate on the far side of the kennel rattled and fell open with a clang. The cold hand of the wind blew in, Desha and his skywolf in its palm. The winged beast landed, kicking up straw. Desha dismounted in one graceful leap. 
Desha's leathery face was handsome, but his eyes were cruel. ‘Handsome on the outside, ugly on the inside,’ Laeko used to say. His frequent boasts about his finger necklace did not endear him to Alaina.
“Skydaughter, may the winds be with you,” the Tulkarian bowed. “It’s a glorious day. Will you be taking Red Paw for a fly, My Lady?”
Red Paw looked up excitedly as if she understood this suggestion, and began to pant.
"Why didn't I think of that?” Alaina wondered. “A flight might lift my spirits."
Desha stared at her curiously. 
 Alaina grabbed a fur robe from a hook on the kennel’s wall. “Yes. A fly. I'm just leaving now.”
She took a saddle from a nearby rack and placed it upon the winged wolf's back, clambering onto it, and tightening the straps.
Alaina whispered, "Fly" and Red Paw launched herself, whistling through the sky gate, bulleting into the brisk morning air. For the first moment all day, she felt good. Then the tears erupted, freezing in her lashes. She hadn’t wanted to cry. A Skydaughter's heart must be ice, but left alone in the sun, ice will melt. The sun was strong upon her skin. 
There was something healing about being high above it all. Far below, the Sky Raiders with their whips dwindled into insignificant dots. Up here, the sky was what was important; the endless stretch of blue, that one could sink into forever. This wolf, this flight, this moment, they were hers, and hers alone. She liked feeling the frigid wind against her face. It hurt, but it was real. It whispered, 'You are alive, you are alive.'
 She spied the splintered remains of the cracked stone statue which had been the cause of Laeko's enslavement. The stone head of the Weaver statue was covered in a thin layer of snow. To her right, lay the canvas tents of the slave camp. Laeko would be down there now, shivering, toiling, gathering firewood, digging graves with the other slaves.
 “Red Paw and I could fly down and rescue her, and not come back,” Alaina thought.
"You know very well they would track you down in a heartbeat,” Nadra said, “Someday you’ll be the Skymistress. Isn't that what you want: to be the queen of your little ant hill?” 
Did Alaina want that? Would she be like Gar, sitting on a mountain watching slaves toil below? She thought of one of the books from Laeko's library called The Tyrant's Daughter. In the story a princess was the daughter of a tyrant. The tyrant had cut out his own heart and placed it on a pedestal where it petrified. The princess did her best to protect herself and her little sister from their father’s wrath. She vowed she would never be like her monstrous father.
The tyrant died and the princess became queen. As part of the ritual, she cut out her own heart and lay it on the pedestal. She swore to herself she would never let her heart turn to stone like her father’s had. But there was much plotting and treason in the kingdom. After each betrayal, she sent someone to their death. The princess’s heart became harder with each killing. Eventually, her own little sister plotted against her. When she asked her sister why, her sister had replied, 'Because you've become like father.' The Princess shrieked, 'Liar' and plunged a dagger into her sister. Then the princess went into the Heart Chamber. She wanted to weep, but her tears had turned to ice. She reached out to touch her heart and found it had become stone.
It was just a story though. Alaina wouldn’t become like that. Would she?
Red Paw passed over the tundra and the boulder known as the Anvil. The winds were at their back and it was a short notch of the sundial later that they reached Dark Fist. As she drew closer, she could make out the faint beating sound of the Heart Stone. Perhaps the story was real and the Tyrant’s daughter’s heart truly beat beneath Deep Fist. 
“Heart Stones are real,” Nadra said. “Left to us by the Ancients some say. Others say the Immortals made them.”
Usually there were a few Raslonian bone guards posted outside the opening, but not on today which struck Alaina as odd. There were marks in the snow, as if sleds had pulled something heavy. Around the tracks, the snow was flecked in red. 
She flew inside Dark Fist through the breach. Red Paw spiraled downwards. There were no guards inside either, which again was unusual. She landed in the inner ring, next to the podium, where the bodies of Asgaroth and the Dragonking lay, covered in slithering bands of crackling energy snakes. The drumming noise was louder from inside.
 No one knew what caused the sound. Some spoke of Heart Stones beneath Dark Fist, saying the hearts were what powered the Walls of the World. Others said a giant slumbered there, and some day it would awake and ravage the world. Still others claimed it was the heart of the Shadow Queen herself and she would rise up with an army of wraiths. Alaina liked to imagine it was the princess's heart from The Tyrant's Daughter.
Alaina examined the Immortals’ bodies through the amber shell of Guardian magic. The Dragonking's face was covered in a thick red beard. He was a large, ugly man with overly large ears and bushy eyebrows. Asgaroth, on the other hand, was clean-shaven and handsome with chiseled cheek bones and a square jaw. His charcoal black eyes stared lifelessly at the crystalline ceiling. 	
Alaina stopped short, her breath caught in her throat. Streaks of red were strewn across the floor here as well. She touched one of the crimson stains with a gloved finger-and tasted it. Blood. 
Footsteps sounded from behind her. She spun just in time to see a figure dashing through a doorway on the west. Alaina felt the Pull towards whoever it was, like she felt to the prophet slave boy. Could it be him? Had he escaped somehow? 
She knew her duty. She pulled out her dirk. Desha’s mantra sprung to mind, ‘Have steel in hand and heart when preparing for battle.’ The well-sharpened blade reflected the amber Guardian magic. She prepared to take her first finger. 

Chapter 14 
A Lovely Couple

If you can't retreat from the flames, you must enter into them. -Nadra
-<>- 
 
Alaina leapt over the Guardian field to the outer ring. A crackle of amber energy snakes sizzled against the heels of her deerskin boots. The escaping figure, wrapped in a brown cloak, ran through a corridor that Alaina could have sworn wasn't there a moment ago. She hesitated at the open door leading to a slanted descending passage. The Connection Spell pulled at her, emanating from up ahead. It felt different from the Splasher’s pull. Something was off, but forward she went, into the darkness. A Skydaughter shows no fear.
The beating sound grew louder as she descended deeper into the ever darkening tunnels. She felt her neck frills bristle.
"I won't be afraid," Alaina thought.
"Then you're a fool,” Nadra said, “Everything about this spells trap."
Alaina whispered a puff of flame to light her way. She had to be careful. Too much and she could burn up her own air supply. She let a tiny tendril of flame curl from her mouth. The flame spiraled through the air, illuminating the corridor for a moment. Then she closed her mouth and took a step.
 “You're inching your way into a death trap," Nadra said. "You frog-skinned fool.” 
Fifteen years being inside a part-Mantu hadn't made Nadra any less prejudiced to them, and the derogatory term made Alaina's stomach twist.  But while the insult bristled, there was a truth behind the crudeness of Nadra’s words. Danger loomed ahead. She’d heard tales of the dark things that lived and died beneath the Fist.
Bravery was one thing, but this was just foolishness. A warrior had to pick the best path into battle. Even if the Connection did belong to the slave boy, was it worth the risk to stop his escape? Why should she care if her father lost a slave? In fact, she probably ought to be glad of it. She’d been trained and drilled for battle by Desha and others, but she’d learned wisdom from Laeko.
 Alaina turned around, retracing her steps to the main chamber. The doorway had vanished. Her skin crawled. She let out another puff of flame. There was no trace of the door she’d entered through.
 Heart pounding louder than the distant thumping, she searched for a way out. A knob, a lever, a crevice, a button, but she felt only cold stone. Had she descended into her own grave? 
 “If you can't retreat from the flames, you must enter them," Nadra said.  
Alaina chewed her lip, wracking her brain for how to dig herself out of this dilemma. If she caught the slave boy, or whomever the Connection belonged to, she could force him to locate and open the hidden door. She whispered another tendril of fire into the air. 
Wherever she was had plenty of air. It must be large. The Weaver's World, the legendary underground lair, stretched for endless leagues if the histories told it accurately. If you enter the Weaver's World you will never leave, the legend went. She wasn't afraid. She only trembled because of the cold and damp, she told herself. 
Fire welled in her mouth, swirling around her tongue. She moved forward again, inching forward. The beating sound intensified, matching the thumping of her heart.
"Keep your eyes open," Nadra said. "Someone might be lurking ahead ready to bash your skull in."
Alaina let out another breath, but it came out as a couple of sparks. Her fire magic was dwindling. The corridor widened and twisted as she descended. The darkness made the going slow. She rested, meditating for a moment, to let the Source regenerate inside her. When she could feel the Source energy tingling upon her tongue again, she released a large flare, flaming tendrils illuminating noting more than a cavern with stalagmites and a stream trickling across it. 
She would show no fear. She was a Fire-Whisperer. She was Alaina Skydaughter. Around the next corner, hints of amber light shone against the wall. Was it Centuron and her Guardian Knights? She turned the bend, and stopped in her tracks at a bizarre sight.
In the center of the room, a six-foot wide stone heart expanded and contracted. The stone stretched like flesh, glowing as if heated in a blacksmith's furnace. Metal tendrils spiraled out from it, writhing like a kraken's tentacles. At the ends of the tendrils, Guardian energy attached itself to a clear energy sphere, which held a milk-white woman. Her blank eyes, her hair, even her gown, were white, but around her feet stirred a puddle of darkness.
The ceiling above the sphere held a second Guardian Field. Judging from a circle painted on the ceiling, that matched one on the inner ring of the temple, Alaina guessed she was standing directly beneath it, and this was the Heart Stone that produced the eerie beating sound. 
She spied a short blue-haired boy, turned so she could only see his back. He was dressed in gold and black linens. He ladled wax from a cauldron into a plaster mold. Scores of life-size wax figures, partially covered by linens, littered the room. They were all of various half animals: a wolf man, a bird man, a lizard man, a bear man, a horse man… 
“Who are you?” Alaina asked. 
The boy didn't turn and said nothing, just continued to work on the statue.
Stones grated just to Alaina’s right, and a wall slid open. Three figures emerged, all of whom had woven strips of linen wrapped tightly around their legs, torsos, and chests. The mummy-like wrappings stopped at their necks. 
Their faces were normal enough, a mixture of races. The first was a half-Ozac male, wearing a dark cloak over his linen wraps. He had long silver hair and red eyes, but his skin was light grey and he was far smaller than Skarak. The second was a full Mantu female, and the last a dark-skinned young woman with long black braids. The young woman was the one Alaina felt the connection towards. Not the slave boy after all. Why do I feel the same pull towards this girl as to the slave boy? Why do I feel a connection to either of them?
 Alaina made a move to run, but the half-Ozac lunged forward and grabbed her wrist. She tried to buck free, but he pulled in tightly, pulling her back against his chest. His eyes pierced right through Alaina like knives of fire. 
Alaina tried to keep her voice calm, though her heart beat like the wings of a wolf. "Who are you? What do you want?" 
The Ozac said, "The Weaver has a message for you, girl."
The blue-haired boy turned around. His face was half flesh, half skeleton.

-<>- 

Wayden and Rif were eating porridge with the other orphans, when Rory came in from the yard. "A Fire-Whisperer and a Dragon Knight be heading this way with a mass of Flickers."
Crag looked worried. “Rory, did you-”
“It weren’t me. I didn’t be saying peep,” Rory said. 
Were they here to arrest Rif, Wayden wondered. It wasn’t Rif’s fault he had Arth in his mind.
	Crag donned his hat, a sign of respect in Vilanos. In Wayden’s home town it was the opposite, one took their hat off. Rif had told Wayden Tulkarians didn’t trust anyone wearing a hat at all. But even in Vilanos, Crag’s hat stood out like an Ozac at a ballroom dance.
Rory held the door open. The infamous Royal Companion Jereth Thunderstone entered first. Sunlight glinted off the dragon knight’s serpentine helm. The man’s features seemed to have been caught in a permanent sneer.
A Flicker thumped the base of his spear onto the hardwood floor and bellowed, “Make way for Fire-Whisperer Ko, grandson of Borleat, son of Neruk.” 
“May your ember glow in the darkest of nights,” Crag said, falling to his knees. 
The other orphans followed his example. Fire-Whisperer Ko entered. He was a tall, lean man. His eyes were two different colors, one pale green, and the other milky gray. Ko had a burn mark on his left cheek.
“That’s the mark of a Purist,” Kolram said. “They burn their left cheek to cleanse sinful thoughts from their heads.” 
“What are the Purists?”
“The Purists belong to the Temple of the Sun. They want to exile all non-humans from Helos. I can’t say much good of Dracon Niar, but at least he’s no Purist. He belongs to the Temple of the Third Moon.” 
Ko peered down at Crag, who was still on his knees. "Stand. You’re wasting time."
Crag’s face was red and flustered as he struggled to pull himself off the floor.
 Ko shoved a parchment into Crag's hand, stamped with the Dracon's wax seal. "I'm here due to a violation of The Use of Unauthorized Magic Act."
Ko stared at Crag intently.
Crag paled and trembled. "I didn’t mean to. I just want to be a Fire-whisperer. Is that so bad?"
"We aren't here for you, though thank you for bringing that to my attention," Ko said. "I'll make mention of that to the Dracon. By the order of His Royal Highness I’ve been authorized to take into custody the two orphans who used magic illegally in the Dracon’s fields.”
Wayden's stomach knotted.  It was as bizarre as it was unfair. Rif had possibly killed Big Darius, but they were arresting them because they used magic in self-defense. They mustn’t have known about the incident with Big D, or surely that would at least be mentioned. They wouldn't learn about it from Wayden.
 “No need to tell the Dracon, is there?” Crag pleaded.  “About me?"
"We'll see how cooperative you are."
Crag straightened himself up. "Right.” He pointed at Wayden and Rif.  “These two used magic. My man, Rory, saw them. One summoned a wolf; the other did some spell with a cloud. I guess a weather wizard of some sort? Anyhow, they're yours."
Wayden’s stomach churned with the injustice of it all. It didn’t even make sense. If they were going to arrest them shouldn’t it be for Big Darius’s death, not for saving him. Everything was twisted.
“So you knew about this but failed to report it?” Ko glared at Crag who paled again.
“We were in the process.”
“Quite a lengthy process it would seem. As well as the two boys, I’m to take custody of Mistress Night."
Crag’s quadruple brimmed hat had fallen to the floor, and without realizing, he took a step backwards and stood on it. "That’s my grandmother!" 
Ko handed Crag a parchment. "You were a candidate to become a Fire-Whisperer, were you not, Master Crag? I seem to vaguely recall voting on your nomination. May I assume then that you are literate?" 
“Of course, I am,” Crag said, examining the parchment. “I’ll have you know I'm nominated again for the coming Picking. You might be seeing me around the temple, you might." 
Ko raised an eyebrow. "You might have to tone your garb down a bit when you go before the Selection Tribunal. We can't have you out-brightening the volcano. Though the hat on your foot is original, I’ll grant."
Crag followed Ko's gaze to his crushed cap. He tried to disentangle and almost tripped himself.
"Work on your foot adornments at a later date," Ko snapped. "You're wasting my valuable time with your toe hats. Will you read the document, or do I have to read it to you?"
Crag blushed again and squinted at the document, his lips moving as he read. "Rory, go fetch my grandma. Rif and Toast, you'll be taken to the Red Palace."
Rory nodded and headed up the stairwell.
"We weren’t using magic, sir,” Wayden protested. “We were just praying. The Source or the Dragonking must have sent the wolves.”
Ko glared at Wayden. “You will not speak unless requested."
Wayden moved towards Ko. "It's not fair-"
Thunderstone and another grabbed Wayden, and pulled him away from Ko. Soldiers flanked Rif as well. Wayden tasted bile.
"If we hadn't used magic, Rory and the rest would have been killed,” Wayden thought, “And now, as our reward, they’re arresting us."
"Justice was the first victim of the Dracon's reign," Kolram said.
Wayden tried to move towards Ko, but Thunderstone stood between them, fingering his hilt.
 "Sir, if you would just let me explain," Wayden implored.
Ko turned his withering glare upon Wayden. "You may not address me, unless requested, then you must call me Your Holiness, not any other iteration. Do not speak. Nod once if you understand.”
"But-" Wayden said.
A slap sent Wayden reeling back against a Flicker’s shield.
“I believe I requested a nod,” Ko’s voice was cold and calm.
Rif stepped forward. "It was m-m-me that used the magic. Leave W-W-Wayden out of it."
A shove from Ko sent Rif flying into a guard, who caught the Tulkarian against his shield.
"One more word out of either of you, and you shall make this journey bound and gagged," Ko said. “Try to escape or disobey and there will be painful repercussions. I have orders not to kill you, but maiming has not been expressly forbidden. Escort them to the wagon."
Flickers flanked Rif and Wayden. 
“This can’t be how it all ends for me,” Wayden thought. “It just can’t.”
Rory came down the stairs followed by Night. Her milk-white hair was coifed into elaborate plaits. She wore a clean black robe and bonnet. Her scars were covered with henna.
 "She were already packed," Rory said, scratching his head. "Did she be knowin' about this?"
Crag spoke loudly to Night. "Grandma. They want you to go with them to the Red Palace."
"I'm not deaf nor stupid, just old and ugly.” Night adjusted her bonnet. “If you came up to visit your grandmother once in a while you would know that, but you were born a fool, and age has not improved you. If you knew the slightest bit about me, you would know I knew we were leaving, because I saw it in the water. Your great-great grandmother, who you've been so ashamed of, is rising again soon. All this time I've been praising her name, and you've been denying any connection with her, hoping to curry favor. We shall soon see who gets stuck in an attic when she reigns supreme."
Crag’s face paled.
"I like this one," Ko said to Thunderstone.
The Dragonknight rolled his eyes and muttered. "The two of you would make a lovely couple.”

Chapter 15 
 A Double Edge

						 
And what is strength? Is strength the ability to frighten others or to inspire them? Is it to control others or oneself? - Grandmaster Baltoo
-<>- 

Alaina winced as the Ozac Woven One forced her arm behind her back. His grip was steel wrapped in linen.
“Are you the Weaver?” Alaina asked the boy whose face was half skeletal. 
“The Weaver is an Immortal.” The dark-skinned girl said. “This boy is one of the Cursed."
"The Weaver would have your head for calling him the Cursed, Finder," the female Mantu said.
The Ozac shrugged. "Leave her be, Queranos. Denying hard truths, doesn't change them."
That they served the Weaver, made sense. They were in the Weaver's Realm, they wore strips of cloth. But what was a Cursed? Why had they lured her here? She tried once more to pull free of the Ozac. "Let me go. I’m the Skydaughter. Gar is my father. He’ll have your head for this." 
"Cease struggling." The Ozac twisted her wrist. Alaina gasped in pain.
"Gentle, Anaz. We don’t want to hurt her,” the Mantu Woven One said. 
 “You weren’t the one who spent the last week stuck in Centuron’s holding cell, Queranos,” the Ozac barked.
“You’ll follow orders or you can be in the Weaver’s cell next.”
Alaina couldn’t make sense of what they were talking about. Centuron was head of the Guardians. Had they rescued this Anaz from the Guardian’s prison?
The dark-skinned girl leaned over Alaina, touching her skin with the tip of a finger that glowed blue. Alaina felt a tingle course through her body. “Greetings Nadra’s Host. My name is Finder."
Finder’s hands turned yellow and an image of lips whispering a flame danced in her palms. She was a Magic-finder like Goat or Zaburn. She was a child. How could she have learned magic that took decades to master?
 “How did you know about Nadra?”
“I host the Grandmaster of Magic-finding, Zaburn.” Finder explained. “Jijari foresaw that the Grandmasters would be separated on Three Moons’ Night and she warned Zaburn. He cast a spell binding us to each other, so we could find each other after the prophecy came to pass."
Alaina’s mind whirred, trying to absorb this information. It fit with what Nadra remembered. The slave boy must host one of the Grandmasters too. He was a prophet, so he must be the one who hosted Jijari.
"You know my aunt, Laeko," Finder said.
"How did you know? Saw it in the water like Jijari does?"
"Her highness, Cala the Weaver, sees the future, not in water, but in weavings.”
Alaina recalled that Laeko, too, was a Strand Prophetess, who created tapestries that could foretell the future.
The Heart Stone beat, illuminating Finder’s face. “She sees the junctures. You must save the burnt boy." 
"I don't understand. What burnt boy? Who is that woman floating there? What is that blue-haired boy doing? Why is his face like that?”
The boy smiled, a smile that was half adorable and half out of Alaina’s worst nightmare.
“The curse- I mean, His Highness, is making bodies for the dispossessed,” Finder said, as if Alaina should know what a disposed was. “As for the woman, do you not recognize Lila the Immortal, true Queen of Shadows, friend of wraiths, and ally to the Weaver?” 
“Why is she attached to a Heart Stone?” Alaina gestured towards the pulsating stone.
“Centuron trapped her in it a millennium ago.”
Queranos glared at Finder. "You say too much. Did the Weaver ask you to tutor the girl?” She turned to face Alaina, and her tongue flicked like a whip. “Listen closely, Skydaughter. Free the Burnt Boy. Remember the four thousand bones. And when the knives fall, you must save Laeko.”
Finder's hands flashed bright yellow. She glanced at them. "We need to go."
"Trouble?" Anaz asked, loosening his grasp on Alaina. She considered trying to make a run for it, but she wasn't sure how she could ever get out of this maze without their help. They knew her name and that she needed to save Laeko. Apparently, they had gone to elaborate lengths to convince to her about freeing some burnt boy. That meant they weren't planning on killing her. Yet.
Finder held up her hands. Flashes of gold and silver danced across her palms. “Guardian Knights."
They raced down a long hallway, Anaz guiding Alaina, Finder lighting the way with her glowing hands. The boy with the half-skull face ran with them. 
“What…do you…mean…" Alaina panted. "…four thousand- bones. And who is - Burnt Boy?" 
"We will tell you no more," Queranos answered. She and Anaz moved gracefully through the tunnels, though they were only lit by the light glowing from Finder's hands.  The tunnel twisted and they entered a large chamber with several doors covered with strips of linen.
"A riddle? That’s why you lured me here? Did you kill the Raslonian guards just for this? Lured me down here? Why not just talk to me up in the inner ring?”
Even as she asked Alaina knew the answer. They wanted her to see something: the Shadow Queen perhaps, or the Cursed, or the Heart Stone. But which? And why? 
"Killing Raslonian Bone guards is never a bad thing,” Finder said. “They think this place is haunted and we like to keep it that way. In a way it is, and we are the ghosts.” 
“Once again you say too much. Give her the Sleep,” Queranos said. “Anaz will carry her the remainder of the way." 
Finder raised her hand, the eerie blue light playing across her finger tips and touched Alaina's face. A tingle passed through Alaina.  Her eyes fluttered and closed. 
It could have been moments or hours later when a rough tongue licked her, awaking her. Red Paw loomed over her panting.  Alaina lay in snow, under the great rock known as the Anvil. The Woven Ones hadn't even left footprints in the snow. Had she fallen from her skywolf and dreamt the whole incident? She stared down at her wrists.  They were still red where Anaz had squeezed them.
She clutched her wolf, letting tears roll down her cheeks. Unbecoming for a Skydaughter, but she didn't care. 
"Red Paw, I have never been so happy to see you."
	
						-<>- 

Wayden, Night, and Rif shared a wagon, pulled by two crotchety draft horses. The boys were quiet and sullen, and their wrists bound so they could cast no magic. Wayden’s nose itched and he had no way to scratch it. Night, in contrast, hummed what Wayden assumed was a jaunty tune, though she was so off-key it was a bit hard to be certain.
"It must be nice to have blind faith that we'll get out of this," Wayden thought. With so many mounted guards around them, he couldn’t see any way to escape.
 Ahead of them, Sir Jereth Thunderstone and Fire-Whisperer Ko rode thick-bodied Dragonlanders, green-scaled horses. Ko’s horse left large droppings on the path. 
Rif nodded his head in the direction of Sir Thunderstone. "Is that one of the C-C-Companions? Like Sir Longreach?" 
"Aye.” Wayden nodded. “He's my least favorite of them. During the Selection tournament, he insisted on using real weapons. A woman in the crowd got too close to the field of battle and lost an ear to one of Thunderstone's missed blows. When his opponent turned to aid the woman, Thunderstone thrust the blade through his back."
"And they still made him a Royal C-C-Companion?" 
 “No one ever accused the Dragon Knights of being overly soft. It’s cold steel that makes them, not a warm heart."
The chill of autumn was replaced by the warm humidity of Cook’s Lake, as the caravan descended into Devil’s Valley, zigzagging down switchbacks.
"Mistress N-N-Night,” Rif asked, “What did you mean we won't all arrive at the prison?" 
"I foresaw that your burnt friend here has to play tug of war with the Skymaster over a fiery cat. And as for you, Rif, I see that you will play your own deadly game of chase with Sir Thunderstone."
Rif's face grew pale at news of this prophecy.
Wayden felt his anger twist like a red hot dagger to the gut.  “Rif fights Thunderstone? I fight Gar over a fiery cat? Talk plainly, for the love of the Source."
"I speak as plainly as water,” she nodded at Cook’s Lake. Wayden didn't think she was making the point she thought she was making. The water ahead of them was a froth of gray foam, erupting into spouts of angry mist. On a distant island in the center of the large lake, rose the Tower of the Loons. Wayden wondered how they were able to boat people out there without getting scalded.
"Riders heading this way," Thunderstone shouted. His eyes must have been keen, for it took Wayden a moment to notice what the Dragon Knight had. In the distance, tiny dots rode down a switchback road from the Fire Gate dug into the side of the volcano. The dots turned into horses as they drew closer, and the sound of galloping hooves grew ever louder.
Night smiled. “The future is riding our way."
 “If she says one more enigmatic thing, I swear I’ll throw her in Cook’s Lake myself,” Wayden thought.
“Being enigmatic is no crime,” Kolram said.
“No. Only saving people from scagazi is.”
“The Dracon condemns you as unjustly, as you condemn Night.” 
Soldiers galloped towards them, holding aloft the banner of Helos- a dragon in front of the sun. As the riders drew closer, Wayden identified Swiftrider, a Royal Companion, leading a squadron of mounted Flickers. Swiftrider rode on his famous Streaked Lizard Horse, Green Lightning. 
	"Now, this Royal Companion is more to my liking," Wayden whispered excitedly to Rif. "That's Swiftrider, the winner of last year's Race of Fire. You should’ve seen it. Swiftrider won by jumping Green Lightning over a shortcut- a channel of lava.” 
	Swiftrider handed Ko a parchment bearing the Dracon's wax seal. 
	While Swiftrider spoke in a hushed voice, Ko's was raised in anger. He thrust the parchment back in Swiftrider's hand and turned towards Wayden." Kolram's host. Come hither. Now.” 
	A Flicker helped him out of the wagon. He stumbled towards Ko, over barren rocky ground, his legs numb from the long wagon ride. 
“Hail there, young Beast Tongue,” Swiftrider said, “Your skills are being requisitioned by order of his majesty Dracon Niar, son of Terok, Possessor of the Red Blade, Wearer of the Crown of Fire, First Seat upon the Burnt Throne, heir to the Dragonking, and leader of the Temple of the Third Moon. A dragon was sighted in northern Deep Woods. The Dracon ordered us to bring it back. You will use your magic to acquire the dragon." 
Wayden felt a tightness compress his chest. "What? Even Kolram couldn't control Volkanus. And how am I to cast magic with my hands tied?"
"If you capture this dragon, your freedom and that of your friends will be restored to you." Swiftrider said. "Do you swear upon the Holy Flame not to try to escape if I release your bonds? Will you undertake this mission on behalf of Helos?"
"I promise I'll try, but Kolram couldn't control Volkanus, so how can I control this dragon?"
Swiftrider dismounted and untied Wayden’s bonds. “This dragon is smaller than Volkanus. The Dracon believes you will be able to control her." 
"Her? A female?"
Ko, leaned down from his scaled horse, and smacked Wayden hard on the back of his head. "I warned you not to speak, unless requested. Do you see this seal, boy? It is a direct order from the Dracon. His royal majesty is not in the habit of having his orders questioned by burnt orphans."
Burnt boy, Toast, burnt orphans- they lived in the Land of Fire, yet they treated him like an anathema, because he wore the mark of fire’s kiss. Wayden felt a different type of fire well up inside of him, but bit his lip.
Ko’s one good eye bore into Wayden. "You will bring that dragon to us, or you can swim in Cook’s Lake. I'm not sure which would give me greater satisfaction."
"Troops!” Swiftrider bellowed. “Fall in. Direction, South Fork.”
Wayden clambered back onto the wagon.
"N-n-night was right," Rif said. "She said we'd be diverted."
Swiftrider and his men, to Wayden's delight, joined their cadre of soldiers. A plump, yellow-robed healer rode up to Wayden on back of a tan palomino. He was a sandy-haired man, with a vine tattooed on his face. The vine encircled a plump apple. He was sucking on a licorice stick. He pulled another from his satchel and handed it to Wayden. "I'm Healer Conrick. Pleasure to meet you."
Wayden thought he might die of shock from meeting someone who was actually pleasant. He placed the sweet in his mouth warily. His tongue tingled with the sweetness and flavor. Conrick handed a candy to Rif as well. 
“Th-th-thank you,” Rif said.
Conrick smiled and spurred his horse forward.
Their caravan turned south around the road that looped the lake, and took the southern junction up a steep hill. The road passed houses and farm fields for a while, and then past vast stretches of grassland, until they finally reached Deep Woods by late afternoon. 
The forest was a riot of color. Autumn had turned the green leaves into a quilt of copper, bronze, and gold. The fallen leaves crunched beneath hoof and wagon wheel. The air turned cooler as they rode, and Wayden pulled his hood up.
 The road took them into the thick of the forest. The rhythm of the road lulled Wayden into a dream, or was it a memory of Kolram's drifting across his mind? Kolram was in a large chamber with grooved wooden walls, studying with his teacher, Grandmaster Baltoo. His fellow acolytes Gar and Belza were there as well. 
Gar had yet to lose hair, but scar tissue covered where his eye ought to have been. He’d said to Kolram once, while they were both sharing a bottle, that his mother had taken it for looking at what he wasn’t supposed to. Gar was dressed in the maroon robes of an acolyte, not the shiny black leather of a Sky Raider. He already wore his pearl necklace and a gold armband. 
Wayden wished he could go back in time and warn Baltoo about Gar. ‘Don’t teach him. Don’t make him stronger. He’s going to kill you.’
Kolram had been the one to find Baltoo’s body, and Kolram’s memory had become Wayden’s own. Seeing his master torn apart was an image that never stopped haunting their nightmares.
Grandmaster of Beast Tongue, Baltoo the Gentle, petted a sick cat, which had curled up in his lap. His head was shaven, but his beard was long and purple. "Soul-stealing is a dangerous process," Baltoo lectured. "And one we had thought lost, until Arth and Gior's recent rediscovery of Raylar's texts.”
Baltoo had asked Kolram to find out more of what Arth was up to, but so far Kolram’s spying had achieved nothing more than getting a goblet of brandy tossed in his face.
“There are five states of matter,” Baltoo lectured in his monotone voice. “Solid, liquid, gas, energy, and spirit. Spirit can be converted to energy or even gas.”
“He’s already full of gas,” Gar muttered to Kolram and Belza. Neither student laughed. 
If Baltoo heard Gar’s mutter, he said nothing. He continued, “When someone dies, what do you think happens to them?"
Kolram had always been puzzled by that question. What does happen to someone who dies? Do they just cease to exist? 
"They go to the Great Flame Lands, to be friends with the fire angels and the lava imps," Gar cut in, voice dripping with sarcasm. 
Baltoo continued unperturbed. "No energy disappears. The energy is simply transmuted into a different form. Think of rock changing into magma and then hardening again into rock, or, if you prefer, mist becoming rain and then rain into the sea."
"If a spirit is changed to energy or a gas, would it still be a spirit?" acolyte Belza asked, her shock of red hair bobbing. 
"And do stones live? These are age old questions." Baltoo said. "We know a gas, energy, or stone cannot grow or breed, but can it be imbued with spirit still? What does it mean to live or to die? Are there true beginnings and ends, or are we simply in a constant state of flux?”
Baltoo’s cat meowed pitifully. Kolram took a step towards the feline “She’s dying, isn’t she? Is there anything we can do?”
“Nothing physical, but we can remember her. No energy truly disappears. This cat has been a faithful pet. More faithful than some of my acolytes." His eyes seemed to rest on Gar as he said this. "This feline and I share a spirit bond. When she dies part of her will live on inside of me, as I will live on in inside of you, when my time comes.”
Gar laughed. “It’s a wraithin' cat. When it dies, you should stick it on a spit and cook it. Then it’ll truly be part of you. You're weak. Animals respect strength.”
“And what is strength, Gar? Is strength the ability to frighten others or to inspire them? Is it to control others or oneself?” Baltoo asked. “Fear is a powerful tool, but a double edged one. You can gain surface control, but never a true and lasting loyalty.”
Gar jabbed a finger in Baltoo's direction. “As long as they’re afraid of me, that’s all the loyalty I need. Why do I even bother coming here? I’m a better Beast Tongue than you, old man, and you know it. I’ve nothing left to learn from you. You should retire and let me be the Grandmaster.”
“If you have no more to learn from me, indeed you should leave, yet the most important skill eludes you. Wisdom. Power without wisdom is like fire without a hearth. It is dangerous and deadly. I’d no sooner make an unwise man my heir as Grandmaster, than to assign the task to a forest fire.”
Wayden opened his eyes and saw a ceiling of dazzling leaves, a forest fire of a more welcome sort. How long had he been asleep? Perhaps moments, perhaps hours- the road was endless sameness, and yet paradoxically endless diversity: every leaf slightly different than the last.
Wayden stared at the leaves thinking on Kolram’s memory. "Gar was awful, even back in his early days. I'm surprised Baltoo allowed him in his school." 
"Baltoo’s fault was giving people too many second chances,” Kolram responded. “He was convinced he could change Gar, but Gar did not want to be changed."
 Low hanging boughs of cedar and hickory hung over the wagon. Rif had dozed off leaning on Night’s black cloaked shoulder. 
A league down the road, Sir Swiftrider turned and held up a hand to stop the convoy, his face paled to the color of birch. “Bodies.”

-<>- 

Jazlyn clutched her mother’s necklace, the stone warm against her breast. She felt grateful to Gol for giving the necklace to her, but angry that she hadn’t done it sooner. It was so comforting to have something that belonged to her mother.
 Jazlyn walked briskly towards the southwestern part of the Red Palace, known as the Commons, Org at her side. Mother might be locked away somewhere and Ember Haldur might hold the answers. What would Jazlyn do about it, if she was? Would she be in a position to help her mother? 	
"One step at a time, first I must find her," Jazlyn thought to herself. 
"She's likely dead," Asgaroth said.
"Lock your lips."
"My lips are a hundred leagues south, in a temple of stone."
"Would that your poisonous words were trapped as well."
A drunken Flicker stumbled out of a tavern, almost knocking her over. His breath stank of whisky. "Hello…there… pretty." 
 Org stepped between Jazlyn and the drunk. The drunk's head was level to the Ozac's massive chest. He tipped his helm. "Oh, I'm sorry, is this your daughter? I'll be going then."
The drunk stumbled off. Jazlyn tried not to smell or touch anything as she made her way past the tavern. Finally, they reached the South West Loading area. Barrels, boxes, crates, and sacks were being loaded and unloaded by a dozen sweaty workers. 
 Jazlyn recognized Ember Haldur’s pock-marked face from Gol's description, besides he was the only one wearing the blue cape of an Ember. Two Flickers were inspecting people's papers as they came through. Jazlyn approached Haldur and said, "Ember Haldur. A word. Privately."
"It would be my honor, Your Highness. Shall we retire to the commerce office?" 
"That will suffice."
Haldur led her up a wide hallway, until they reached a small stone room, which served as the office of public records. Two acolytes were sorting through parchments. She commanded Org to wait for her outside and Haldur told the acolytes to take their midday meal. She sat opposite the Ember, across a small pine table. 
"What an unexpected honor this is."
"I require assistance for which I’d be most grateful." Jazlyn laid three shiny gold coins upon the table.
Haldur glanced at her, surprised. "You don't have to do that, Daughter Draconi." 
"I insist."
His smiled. "Well, who am I to refuse an order?" The coins clinked as he slipped them into his pocket. "What can I help you with, Your Highness?"
Jazlyn's voice was soft, more from emotion, than fear of being overheard. "My birth mother. What happened to her?"
Haldur’s face turned white. Shaking, he fumbled in his pocket, attempting to return the coins, which spilled upon the floor, but Jazlyn stayed his hand. 
"You’ll tell me-"
"I can't."
"Or I'll report you for taking bribes."
“You wouldn’t...you insisted I take it."
 “And whose words will they believe? Now—you are going to tell me where my mother is.”
"Dead." Haldur slammed his hands on the tabletop, overturning an ink pot, which ran over a parchment like a pool of blackened blood. "Dead and buried, all right...ach, look what you made me do. I'm sorry, Your Highness. Your mother was a fine Draconess, a beauty, but even pretty flesh withers in the end. She’s dead and gone. Let her enjoy the rest of the dead. Poking where you don’t belong, it won’t do nobody no good."
“Dead. You're sure?” Jazlyn heard the words come out of her mouth, but somehow they felt disconnected from her body.
Haldur didn't meet her eyes. “I’m sure. I had the misfortune to see it happen with my own eyes.”
Jazlyn wished she hadn't come here, hadn't asked, and hadn’t forced the truth from him.
 No.
 It was better to know.  Anything was better than not knowing. 
“How did she die?” Jazlyn felt her mother's necklace, warm against her neck.
Haldur looked away, trying to busy himself shaking the excess ink off the stained parchment. He was making the mess worse.
"I asked: how did she die?"
Haldur slapped the parchment down on the tabletop and reached for Jazlyn's hands, his fingers staining hers black. “Child. Princess. Save yourself some grief. This is something the devil would spare you.”
Jazlyn felt her chest tighten. “You will tell me.”
"I won't."
"Now. Or I'll have my guard come in here and beat it out of you."
“She boiled to death calling your name.” 
Jazlyn’s inside coiled in on itself. Where her heart had been was now a frozen wasteland. 
Haldur slammed a gauntleted fist against the table. "Wraithin' hell, girl, look what you made me do. Are you happy now?"
Happy? What was happy? She’d once heard of the word, in another life. Jazlyn bit back a tiny sob. Not now. She would cry later. No one could see the Daughter Draconi cry. Her mother's necklace seemed to whisper to her, "You're all right, Jazlyn. I'm still here with you. Be strong, sweet dragon."
Haldur’s anger faded from his face, and he looked regretful. He leaned across the table, his voice the softest of whispers. "I'm…I’m sorry. I’m so sorry. I loved her, you know. We all did. She was a good woman, the Draconess. The real Draconess, not the cow who calls herself the Draconess these days. So beautiful. The paintings don’t capture it right. The Dracon sent her to the Isle of the Loons, but she leapt off the boat into Cook’s Lake calling your name. I...tried to warn you. There's no comfort here. Some truths ought not be told."
Jazlyn wanted to scream at him. Instead, she rose. “Thank you. I’m glad you told me.” She wanted to fall on the floor and sob, pounding her hands bloody against the stone.
Jazlyn turned and walked out of the room as if she were in a trance. Was it her feet that were moving? Was it her hand opening the bronze door? She’d hoped her mother was still alive. 
"I am," whispered the necklace. "I'm inside of you."
“I’m losing my mind,” Jazlyn thought.
Org stood there, his large, liquid red eyes staring at her with a curious expression.
Her voice was hollow. “Let’s go, Org.”
The huge Ozac stopped her and placed a meaty finger under Jazlyn’s chin. He said, “Little Princess needs to cry.”
“I’m fine,” she lied.
Org raised an eyebrow. "Little Princess not fine."
"Oh, Org." She leaned the side of her head on his huge gray chest. She could hear his heart beating, larger than a human heart. She sobbed for what felt like a long time. Finally, Jazlyn sniffled and pulled her head away from Org. She straightened her hair. 
With a sausage-sized finger, Org brushed a tear from her eye.


Chapter 16
A Roar that Shook the World

Prophecies are slippery fish.  Trying to avoid them, is often what makes them come true.
 - Night
-<>-

The wind shifted and Wayden smelled the corpses. His midday meal curdled in his stomach. The wagons pulled to a stop. 
Healer Conrick spat out his licorice stick and joined Swiftrider in examining the grisly remains. The smile was gone from the portly healer's face. “Arrows and wolf bites. Unless wolves have learned to fire bows, or men to chew like beasts, this is Sky Raider work.”
Ko glared at Conrick. “Bandits killed by raiders is almost as excellent as raiders killed by bandits.” 
	“These aren’t bandits or raiders,” Conrick said, feeling at the corpse’s wrist. “These are Woodsmen. See the tattoos of vines on their faces?” 
	It was the same type of tattoo Healer Conrick had on his face.
	“If they lived in the woods, then they paid no taxes,” Ko said. “And that makes them bandits.”
	“Robbing someone means you're a bandit,” Conrick said. "Living in the forests means you're poor.”
	Dragon Knight Jereth Thunderstone laughed. “How else did they survive out here, if they didn’t rob?”
	Healer Conrick cleared his throat. “Nuts, berries, roots, trapped game, and hunting with bows and slings. We fished the streams and survived on what the Primordial gave us.” 
 “Ah, yes, of course, your tattoo. You were one of these…Woodsmen.” There was a sadistic sparkle in Thunderstone's eye.
	“I was proud to be one,” Conrick answered, the vine on his cheek coiling as his jaw clenched. "It was a hard life but an honest one. I learned as much herb lore from the woods as I did from Kaldian tomes. In fact, one balances the other.”
 “Sir, this one’s breathing," A Flicker called.
	Ko dismounted, drew his dirk, and thrust it through the wounded Woodsman.
	“There,” Ko said. “Now he’s not.”
	Thunderstone laughed, but Conrick reddened. “That was badly done.”
	“I don’t recall asking your opinion, healer,” Ko responded. 
	A while later, Conrick was still brooding, riding alongside the wagon.
	“I’m s-s-sorry Ko killed the Woodsman,” Rif said.
A Flicker guiding a pack mule chimed in. “Ko ought not to have done that. The Trees have eyes in Deep Woods and the Woodsmen avenge their own.”
	The woods did seem to whisper and groan. A wind picked up, singing, and Wayden wasn't sure he liked the haunting tune. The trees swayed from side to side, casting long, dancing shadows. 
	Swiftrider came galloping back, yelling. "More bodies! Flickers this time. Hurry, one is breathing.”
	Conrick spurred his horse, which disappeared leaving their wagon in a cloud of dust. By the time they caught up, Conrick was tending to the Flicker. The wounded man was the sole survivor of a squadron of soldiers. Their rent armor bore the dragon in front of the sun emblem of Helos. Wayden recalled Dade's words to the Draconess about the poor quality of the Flickers' armor. The boiled leather and chainmail hauberks had done little to save them.
Ko ordered the survivor set into the wagon. “Tend him as we ride, we have no time to waste."
"It's not wise to move him yet-" Conrick said.
"Move him on the wagon. Now." 
The Flickers obliged.
"Gently!" Conrick shouted. His face flushed, as he clambered into the wagon, and stripped the bloody cloak from the injured soldier.
 "Can I help?" Wayden asked.
	The wounded Flicker whispered, "In my satchel. I have a special bracelet. It'll help. Put it on me." 
	Only Wayden seemed to hear the man. Conrick was fetching honey, lard, and muslin from a supply basket. 
	Wayden dug around in the man’s satchel. Gambling bones, hard tack, flint, an empty wine skin, and finally a golden bracelet emblazoned with a leaf. He placed the bracelet on the man's wrist.
“A leaf. The symbol of the Immortal Bantos,” Kolram said.
The man had a stubbly jaw and greasy red hair. His leather armor was cut wide open, but the wounds beneath seemed to heal themselves before their very eyes. The man rubbed the bracelet. 
	"You must be a Descendant of an Immortal." Conrick said to the man, as he prodded the wound. The man barely winced. “What’s your name?” 
	"They call me Dragonclaw. Anyone have something to drink? I have quite a thirst.”
	Rif handed the man a water skin. Dragonclaw took a sip and spat it out. “What the wraith- are you trying to poison me? This is water!”
	Conrick laughed and handed the man a wine skin.
	 At twilight, they arrived at South Watch. Four towers rose from the corners of the wooden palisades. The wooden planks on the southeastern tower had suffered scorching. Men on scaffolding, pulled down blackened timbers and replacing them with freshly hewn logs. 
	A Flame strode out of the postern gate, flanked by half a dozen Flickers and a shaven-headed female healer in flowing yellow robes. 
	"Fire-Whisperer, thank you for returning one of my men.”
Conrick and the healer woman helped Dragonclaw from the wagon, though Wayden wondered if he really needed the help or just liked the healer woman. His wound had healed amazingly fast.
"Did you see sign of the rest of the squadron?”  the Flame asked Ko.
	"Dead. A few leagues down the north road. Ravaged by Sky Raiders." Ko showed the Flame the parchment with the Dracon's seal. "We are on a mission of the utmost importance. Have you seen a dragon?"
	"My whole scouting party? Only Dragonclaw is left of them? They were two dozen of my best. Did you bury them?"
	"None of them asked for a burial, or seemed to mind that we didn't waste crucial time giving them one. I'll repeat myself. The dragon. Have you seen her?"
	"You didn't bury them?"
	"Are you deaf, stupid, or insubordinate? No, we didn't bury them. If you force me to repeat myself one more time, I'll have you trialed by fire for treason."
	The Flame turned to one of his men, a gangly man in the blue cloak of an Ember-ranked soldier. "Take two units and a wagon to bring the bodies back.”
	The Ember nodded and headed off.
Ko’s face reddened. “These delays are insufferable. I'll ask you one last time―"
 “You already asked me one last time. Aye, we saw the dragon. What do you think scorched our walls? A near winter thunderstorm?"
	"Which way was she flying?" 
	 “South by South-East. Cat-like face, just like the mother of Volkanus in the paintings. Young. Not much bigger than a warhorse, white as Tulkarian ivory. A pretty thing."
	"I don't recall asking your aesthetic opinion.”
	"I’ll waste no more words on you, My Lord." The Flame said. "Will you be staying the night? We cannot house all your soldiers, but they can sleep in our bailey. We can clear a room for you in one of the towers."
	Ko shook his head curtly. "I'll sleep with my men. How about the Sky Raiders? Any sightings of them?"
	"Got a pigeon today as a matter of fact saying winged wolves were sighted over Edgewater. They didn’t attack though, just flew past."
	"That will be all for now. Open your bailey.”
	“Open the gates!” The Flame called.
	"The Dracon will hear how you questioned my orders," Ko said. 
	"As you say, sir." He rode off into the bailey.
 “We should turn back on the morrow," Swiftrider said to Ko, "The Dracon ordered us back by the ninth. If we run into delays, we risk missing the deadline.”
Ko glared at the Dragon Knight. “The Dracon gave us a parchment with his emblem on it bearing orders to bring back a dragon. No deadline was mentioned."
"Orally, it was."
"A codex-stamped message is what I'll abide by. I’ll brook no more arguments."
	That night the temperature dropped sharply. Wayden, Rif, and Night huddled together. Breakfast was hardtack in the wagon, as they were off at sunrise with no time for a fire. South Watch shrank away as the horses clip-clopped south east. They rode past a busy lumber camp on the river. Flurries lofted on the breeze.
An ancient temple stood in a clearing. 
 “That’s a temple of Bantos,” Swiftrider said. “Back in the day, the Druids lived there practicing Plant Magic.”
Wayden had never seen a plant mage, but he heard there were many of them in Tulkar.  Only one side of the temple remained, but a stone floor, hearth, and a single vine-covered wall still stood erect. A mural of what might have been horse men decorated the remaining wall, though erosion had smoothed away the details.
 A huge mirror tree grew over what had been the temple entrance. Its bark was flecked with crystals, glittering in the sun, an ancient arched doorway nestled beneath its roots, though the walls around the door were all but gone. A thumping sound, as regular as a heartbeat, resonated faintly from below their feet.
"What happened to Bantos?" Wayden asked, his stomach heaving, as the wagon went over a root.
"No one knows. He was the first Immortal that disappeared. Many assume Centuron captured him, like she did with Asgaroth, Dragonking, and the Shadow Queen, but his body was never found. Others say he is still around today, posing as a beggar, and if you throw a coin in his cup, he’ll grant you three wishes. I’ve tossed a coin or two, but no wishes yet."
Wayden wished they could stop and look at the temple. He was tired of riding, but the wagon kept going, on this endless foolish journey. He’d told them from the start he could no more capture a dragon, than he could the sun, but would they listen?
If they were going to throw him in prison, then take him to the Red Palace and be done with it. It would still be better than endless riding. Or would it? If this was tedious, what would it be like spending day after day behind iron bars? At least here he could taste fresh air, see the fireworks of leaves exploding from the trees, feel the cold wind of freedom. He remembered that when he was young he witnessed a Glower mage arrested for using unauthorized magic to put on a street show. Had she been sitting in a prison cell all this time? And for what? Putting on a show? And Rif’s mother hadn’t even done that much.
"We should make a run for it," Wayden whispered to Rif and Night, wondering why he hadn’t thought about this earlier. "I don't want to end up in the Dracon's prison."
"I thought they said we w-w-won't be if we bring back the dragon."
"I don't think I’ll be able to do it. Kolram couldn't control Volkanus."
"This dragon is sm-sm-smaller."
"It doesn't matter. Ko doesn’t know what he’s talking about. Beast Tongues are good with different types of animals. Kolram is generally better with warm-blooded animals."
"Run or stay, it won’t matter. You won't end up in the Dracon's prison," Night said. "You'll end up in Gar's."
Wayden’s spine prickled. "What do you mean?" 
"I see you bound to a tall tree, by the one eyed-vulture. The vulture’s chick is with you. Then I see you in the stone nest."
"Gar captures me? When does this happen?”
"Soon."
“Is there any way to avoid this?"
 “All junctures lead to it. Prophecies are slippery fish.  Trying to avoid them is often what makes them come true.”
Wayden brooded on this as they made camp in a clearing in the center of a heavily wooded area. Flickers established a perimeter of spears. Wayden, Rif, and Night gathered firewood in the fading light. Ko fumed over his maps and Conrick gathered herbs. Thunderstone and Swiftrider brought back a stag, and the smell of roast venison soon filled the air. 
Wayden and Rif huddled close to the fire. Wayden wished Ko had allowed them to bring a change of robes. His were starting to itch. It was too cold to wash. Wayden wondered if it would snow soon.
Wayden craned his head upwards. The sky was cloudless, awash with countless stars. The constellation known as the Eye stared down at them. Wayden sank his teeth into the succulent venison.
He smacked his lips. "I haven't eaten this well in seven years." 
"I don't think I-I-I've ever eaten this well.”
“That soup you and your mother made smelled pretty good.”
“Y-y-you Glimpsed that?”  
Wayden leaned in towards Rif and whispered. "Aye. At night when we were sleeping. Gar might have been the better Beast Tongue, but Kolram had the Glimpse."
"G-g-gar wasn't really a better Beast Tongue. He had Raylar's God Weapon, the pearl necklace. It amplifies p-p-power."
"How do you know that?"
"R-R-Raylar wrote a tome about the God Weapons."
"Rif, did Arth know what Dakarth and Dracon Niar were doing with Soul-stealing magic?"
Rif ran his finger along one of his seashell beads. "Arth couldn't understand what they were up to exactly, but he mistrusted them. He kept a lot to himself and fed them as much false information as he dared to."
 “Why did all the souls go into newborns?” Wayden asked.
“The baby’s s-s-soul is in a state where it won’t resist a second soul’s entry. The two souls become linked,” Rif explained. “Raylar studied wraiths. Wraiths can cohabitate with a host. He applied the same principle.”
Wayden poked the fire with a stick. Sparks shot up, hissing like angry cats. “Arth’s false information stopped them for sixteen years. This is the first Three Moons' Night since our birthday coming up."
"R-r-right."
"Things didn't go as planned for Dakarth and Niar on Three Moons' Night. They were quite upset about it. But if something doesn't work out the first time, you try again right? By now they have probably gathered the information they need. Rif...is Arth the Striker?”
"No. Maybe. I don’t th-th-think so. It might be Belok. I thought we had him in mentally imprisoned, but I’m not sure." 
"I don’t understand. Who’s Belok?"
"A year before his d-d-death, Arth returned home to the cottage in Raslo, where he and his sister, Genika, were staying. The door to the cottage was wide open and there were tracks in the snow. It looked like someone had been dragged into the cottage. Th-th-there was blood. Arth rushed into the cottage. Belok was on t-t-top of Genika with a knife, st-st-stabbing her over and over again."
"Source have mercy."
"Genika was dying... Arth’s rage was out of control. Soul-stealing is l-l-linked to emotion. Arth had only meant to suck Belok’s soul. He hadn’t meant to absorb Genika. His own sister and Belok too.”
“Wait, so they are all inside of you? Genika with the soul of her murderer?”
Rif nodded, tears running down his cheeks glistening in the firelight. “Arth, Genika, and I- we trap Belok in a mental prison of sorts, but sometimes he escapes and we have to put him back in. He hides in the recesses of my mindscape. It’s hard to c-c-catch him."
Kolram had told Wayden about the mindscape. Kolram saw himself in whatever setting he imagined, but sometimes when Wayden was in a bad mood, it would affect the terrain. If Kolram pictured himself in a sunny field, and Wayden was in a bad mood, a rain storm might kick up. Wayden couldn’t imagine what it would be like to have a murderer hiding in his mind. Again, Wayden wondered about the Striker. If Belok would get free from time to time, was it possible he was the Striker?
Wayden held his cold hands up over the glowing embers. "Rif...the woman who was found dead in the pine grove- she was a red-haired woman just like Genika. You were with Big D when he died. You blacked out."
Rif's brow crinkled in distress. "I don't know what happened. I don't remember k-k-killing them. I thought I had Belok trapped.”
“But you just said sometimes he escapes.”
“Yes. Yes. You’re r-r-right. Oh, Source no! What if it is me?"
Wayden studied Rif’s face. He looked genuinely upset.
“He never thought about this before?” Wayden wondered.
“Denial can be a powerful obstacle to overcome,” Kolram said. “And if this Belok is in his mind, who knows how much he can manipulate Rif.”
“Could you do that to me?”
“Possibly. I wouldn’t. It’s a morally repugnant thing to do in my opinion.”
“We agree on that.”
Rif looked close to tears. “Do you think if I’m k-k-killing people? How can I stop it? What should I do?”
Wayden rubbed his burn-marked forehead. He exhaled a small cloud into the cold night air. "I don’t know."
A Flicker approached. “Hey, you two. No talking. Stamp out them coals.”
Rif threw dirt on the remaining embers. Wayden laid his head on a pile of crunchy autumn leaves and fallen pine needles. He stared up at the stars. In the distance crickets chirped. A shooting star flew overhead, trailing a tail of gold and blue.
Wayden fought off sleep. He was afraid Belok might take over Rif and kill him in his sleep. When he finally drifted off, he dreamed of being chased by a veiled man with black wings. Wayden climbed through barrels, but still the man pursued. Wayden turned and confronted his assailant, yanking his veil away to reveal it was Rif all along. Rif shrank away, but holes opened in the ground all around him. Each hole contained someone: his nanny, his mother, Kazor, Mavik, Big Darius, a red-haired woman. 
Wayden rushed over to Mavik's hole to see if he could rescue him. The hole was deep. As he strained his eyes, he could see clear through to the other side of the world. 
He heard his mother calling him. "Wayden.” He turned and saw his mother, as pale as milk. "It's coming." His mother clutched a bouquet that was a mixture of red roses and purple arrows. "The dragon. It's coming."
“I can control the dragon, ma. I’m the Dragon King.”
“No,” said a voice like a roar. “You’re not.” The dragon was here.
Wayden bolted up, wide awake. 
He heard the dragon's voice again. "I am Harth. I am fire. Beware my wrath."
The sentries looked half-asleep, slumped against their spears. Wayden walked, half in a trance, past the perimeter of half-buried spears that surrounded the camp in a make-shift fence. Swiftrider was on duty, mounted atop of Green Lightning. His scaled horse flicked its forked tongue.
Swiftrider stifled a yawn. “You’re supposed to stay within the fence."
Wayden heard the dragon again.
The dragon's thoughts felt louder now, closer. "I am claw. I am fire. I am doom. Out of my way Beast Tongue, you are nothing to me."
Wayden’s skin prickled. He was now as awake as if someone had poured a bucket of ice water on him. He ran towards Swiftrider. Green Lightning’s ears pricked and she snorted. 
 "The dragon nears," Wayden whispered, and then shouted, "The dragon comes!"
 “Easy, girl,” Swiftrider said. 
Wayden reached out with his mind, hoping to control the dragon.
"Do not try to hold me, Beast Tongue,” The dragon thought. “Interfere with me, gnat, and I'll cook you and eat you. You are nothing. I am flame and death. I am Harth."
Ko, from behind the fence of spears, shouted, “What is going on?”
 “The dragon..." Wayden said.
But then they heard it. A roar that shook the world. 

Chapter 17			
Searer of Bones

Yield to you? You may as well request the hurricane to succumb to your breath. The mountains to bow to your height. The fire to burn from your heat. - Harth

						-<>- 

Jazlyn pulled apart the drapes that hung over her bed to discover a folded yellow parchment on her pillow. The note was written in unfamiliar handwriting: magi in Plague Room. Your father up to no good. You are in danger. Burn this note. It was signed Rebel.
She read the message thrice, then paced the room, contemplating. Who could have left it? Her new maid, Ravenna? Impossible, maids weren't literate. Could it have been Gol or Haldur? Neither would she have access to her room. Verica? Why would she bother to leave a cryptic note? Org? Now she was just being ridiculous.
 “The note suggests I visit the Plague Room,” Jazlyn thought. “Perhaps I’ll do just that." 
"Perhaps this Rebel wants you to go there, in the hope that you contract the disease and die,” Asgaroth said.
"Maybe I should die," Jazlyn mused. "Then you would die with me and the world would be safe."
"Safe?” Asgaroth asked. “You are badly misinformed. Do you know who started the Second Dark War? Darius Dragonking, King of Fire and Light. And his Sword of Luminosity brought death to so many. And your father is as bad as he ever was. You Red-Landers, you're red from the blood on your hands, not the fire in your veins."
 Her head ached as one of Asgaroth’s memories pounded through her mind.
She was Asgaroth now, sitting across a stone table from Darius Dragonking. The fool didn’t even realize he had crumbs in his long red beard. He shouted about borders as usual.  Asgaroth let his two young sons, still in their twenties, argue for him. Dakarth and Karsgoth were better at it than he was already, even at such a young age. They cared more. Asgaroth was tired of it. The same old argument that went nowhere. 
Asgaroth found his eyes straying more to Darius’s wife, a mortal of such beauty that the Gods Above surely sculpted her: sparkling eyes, magic smile, and blonde curls cascading on sculpted bare shoulders. She was a work of art greater than any other, but the work of art was marred, a bruise inflicted upon her eye.
 Darius’s work. To hit a woman was despicable. True, Asgaroth himself would hit the Shadowqueen or the Weaver, should he get the chance, but that would be in battle. To strike a woman like this was against the will of the Silver Lady. The Dragonking was a monster and deserved to die, and if his soldiers chose to support him, well, then they must die too. That was the way of it.
Asgaroth’s memory faded.
"You loved this Lyssa, didn't you?" Jazlyn thought. "I'm sorry you lost her. Finding out my mother dived into Cook’s Lake calling my name-."
"You dare compare your petty loss to mine?” Asgaroth said, “You’re a gnat." 
“And you’re a voice inside a gnat’s head.”
“Not for long.”
There was smugness in Asgaroth’s tone that prickled Jazlyn’s skin. Did the Bone King have a plan to escape? And who left the note? How could someone have obtained access to her bedroom? 
Ravenna might have seen something. Jazlyn went into the main room and shook Ravenna, who lay sleeping on a divan. She sputtered and sat up. "What ails My Lady? Is it your headaches again?"
"I require strong tea."
"Yes, My Lady.”
Aloud, she asked, "Did anyone enter my chamber today?"
Ravenna filled a kettle from a basin of water. "Not that I noticed, Your Highness. But I’m afraid I sleep most sound."
"I don't trust this Ravenna,” Asgaroth said.
"And I smell a distrusting dictator who thinks killing people is okay as long as you’re just making a monument out of their bones. How could a simple maid conduct espionage and rebellion?”
“Why not? Who better to spy than a maid who can overhear lords and ladies talking with ease? You lot keep your pompous noses up so high, you'd never see her. And consider this, she may not be a peasant at all. She speaks too well. I smell a spy." "
Jazlyn’s insides squirmed. She knew nothing about Ravenna's life before she came to work for her.
"Ravenna, I don't know much about you. What was your mother like?"
"If it pleases My Lady, I'd prefer not to talk about it."
 “You see? She avoids the question,” 	Asgaroth said.
“Of course she avoids it. Her mother might have died, "Jazlyn thought. “When I found my mother died it made me…the note was signed rebel. Someone who’d have reason to hate our government.” Aloud, Jazlyn asked, "What do you think of the manner in which my father rules Helos?"
Ravenna let out a tiny chuckle before she made her face stone again. 
Jazlyn raised an eyebrow. "That was a question, not a jest."
Ravenna placed the kettle over the hearth. "I'm sorry, My Lady. Why ask me? I'm just a maid, and never offer my opinions on matters of weight." 
"Why not? Do maids not have brains?"
"In spades, Your Highness. That's why we don't offer our opinions."
This time it was Jazlyn who smiled. It was the first smile she’d produced since she’d found out the manner of her mother's death. She died in boiling water, screaming my name. The smile evaporated. 
The amulet around Jazlyn's neck grew warm. For a moment, Jazlyn thought she heard a woman's voice whispering, but she couldn’t make out the words
”Did you hear something?” Jazlyn asked Asgaroth. “A woman’s voice?" 
"Death-speech."
Jazlyn recalled what she knew about Death-speech. It was one of the forbidden forms of magic. There were no authorized Death-speech mages in Helos, but there was the Temple of Shadows in Kaldia where it was still practiced. Was the voice Jazlyn heard the voice of the dead? The thought sent a chill down her spine. She was being foolish, likely imagining things. 
Jazlyn studied the portrait of the Dragonking that hung on the rear wall. Darius rode on the back of his dragon, an imperious look upon his bearded face. 
"Did Dragonking truly beat and kill his own wife?" Jazlyn asked.
An image flashed through her mind. She was Asgaroth, holding back tears. She was dead. His world was over. Darius would pay.  "Are you sure? He killed her?" 
"Three of our contacts confirmed it, father," Karsgoth said. Asgaroth drew his Sword of Night. It swirled like stars. "Then he shall pay."
The memory disappeared, but Asgaroth's sadness and anger lingered inside Jazlyn, like a tide had just come in and washed away everything precious with it.
"I've been led to think of Asgaroth as the monster and Darius the saint, but things aren't that simple," Jazlyn thought.
"The Land of Light- more like the Land of Lies,” Asgaroth said,  ”How do you think it feels for me, looking at his painting, seeing the face of the man who murdered my love? Darius did not love Lyssa. He kept wives like the Sky Raiders keeps wolves. She was nothing but chattel to him, and everything in the world to me." 
"You Immortals were not Gods," Jazlyn mused. "You're just fools like us."
"I'm nothing like you." 
“And I thank the Source for that.”
“One day, I’ll be free of you and then I’ll―”
“Tear my bones out?”
“One by one.”
"Are you alright, My Lady?" Ravenna asked. "You were lost in thought."
Jazlyn turned to face her maid. "Ravenna, I command you to answer my question honestly and plainly. I will breathe no word of reproach for an answer. However, silence I will consider deliberate insubordination."
Ravenna brushed her black curls behind her ears. "Very well, but I hold you to you oath, for what I speak might be construed as treason. These arrests of magi are unjust. Your father and others practice magic, and yet they arrest others for doing the same. What's more, it is unwise. The magi are one of the lines of the defense. Imprisoning them is as dangerous as surrendering our arms and dragon. My own parents are now in the pl...are in custody."
"It's you!” Jazlyn exclaimed. “You left me the note."
Ravenna paled. "That wasn't me."
"What wasn’t you? You never asked what note. And you were about to say Plague Room."
Ravenna's face paled. The kettle was hissing.
This is my chance. Vengeance for what was done to my mother. Justice.
"Ravenna, you need not worry. I won't tell." Jazlyn squeezed Ravenna's hands. "Oh, Ravenna, don't you see? I want vengeance for my mother. I want to be a rebel."

-<>- 

"The dragon is here," Wayden meant for his voice to sound brave, but it came out in a squeak. 
“I hear her. The deaf hear her.” Swiftrider’s brow creased and his eyes narrowed in determination. Green Lightning hissed, and flicked her tongue. Mist rose from her scaled snout.
 Several sentries sank to their knees and nocked arrows. Others raised steel-tipped javelins. What good were spears and long bows against a dragon’s thick-scaled hide? How would chainmail protect against dragon fire?  In the stories, the knights triumphed, but in the histories it was the dragons.
The wiry she-dragon was overhead now, morning sun glinting off her glistening white wings. The Flame’s description had been accurate: not much larger than a war horse, with a cat-like face. She let out a belch of flame. Wayden hoped the creature didn’t set the forest on fire.
 Every emotion and its opposite seemed to be racing through his body: dread and excitement, terror and wonder, despair, and hope. Maybe he could do it- control the dragon. A vision of him on dragon back flying to the Nest.  Gar Skymaster would be there trembling, when Wayden and the dragon came there, ready to consume him. He would beg for his life, before being engulfed in flame. He could do it. He just had to believe in himself. Wayden reached out with his mind, ready to command the ivory beast to land.
“By wing and fire I command you,” Wayden thought. “I seize your heart. Your scales are my armor. I wear you.” 
When Wayden influenced a rat or a dog, their minds would bend like wet clay. The dragon was more like kiln-fired brick. "Man Child, your flesh is weak. What are you to Harth? Harth was born amongst earth and fire. Harth’s mother’s milk was lava. Harth is searer of bones, eater of flesh, and burner of worlds. The man child is nothing." 
"I’m your master. You will yield to me!"
“My master?” The dragon was already flying away, disappearing into a patch of cloud. “Not you, weak child. Yield to you? You may as well request the hurricane to succumb to your breath. The mountains to bow to your height. The fire to burn from your heat."
“She’s getting away!” Ko shouted. 
 “I can’t control her!” Wayden retorted.
Ko grabbed at the spear-post fence. Ko’s veil quivered and a vein protruded from his forehead. "Failure is unacceptable. Swiftrider, take the Beast Tongue. Bring back that dragon or don’t come back at all."
"Aye, Lord Ko." The Royal Companion pulled Wayden onto Green Lightning. The scaled horse galloped, clawed hooves digging into the ground. Only two of the other Flickers had their horses ready, but they soon fell far behind Green Lightning’s reckless pace. The creature raced like a Tulkarian jungle cat, leaping over logs, boulders, and streams, swerving between tree trunks, forcing riders to duck beneath low lying branches. Trees whirred by, and Wayden held onto Swiftrider for his life.
"This isn’t going to work," Wayden shouted. "The dragon’s will is too strong for me. I've tried my hardest."
"Keep trying,” Swiftrider answered, ducking beneath a low-lying hickory branch. “Or Ko will have our hides."
 “I’d rather Ko have it than the dragon.”
“Courage, boy.” Swiftrider steered Green Lightning around an elm. The horse leapt a downed log.
"Is this courage?” Wayden wondered. “It feels a bit like madness.” 
 “The Royal Companions often confuse one for the other,” Kolram said.
For a moment, Wayden was sure they had lost the dragon. He wished they had, but Green Lightning was too fast for his own good. The dragon turned around and was flying at them, instead of away.
 “She’s tired of being chased.” Wayden thought.
 “And decided to have us for a light snack.” Kolram replied.
Wayden’s shoulders tightened, and he tasted the fear deep in his throat.
Green Lightning leapt a large moss-covered boulder and burst into a grassy meadow dotted with fallen leaves. 
"Wonderful, we'll be an easy target for dragon fire," Wayden thought.
As the dragon grew closer, Wayden balled up all the strength he could muster. “Dragon! Tail, claw, fangs, and flame, you are mine. You will bend like grass to me. I command it.”  
 “Puny man child. You will not own a single scale. I feel your wolf riders approaching, but they will avail no better than you did.”
“Wolf riders…Sky Raiders? Hart, listen to me, you have to get out of here. The leader of the Sky Raiders is a bad man and a powerful Beast Tongue. Don’t let him come in range of you.”
“Harth is scared of no man.”
Wayden could feel Gar's presence now. It was approaching like a storm.
"Please, Harth, listen to me. You must flee." But it was too late. Wayden could hear Gar's voice in the dragon's mind. It felt like nothing Wayden had ever experienced, it was like seeing a mountain for the first time, when all one had ever seen before was plains. Gar’s power dwarfed Harth’s, as Harth’s strength dwarfed Kolram’s.
"No...impossible…such strength. No mortal could possess...." the Dragon thought.
	"Flee!" Wayden cried out, feeling the power of Gar’s magic seize the beast. 
“Too late,” Harth thought. 
“No! Gar can't win. It isn't fair.”
 Wings beat overhead, furs and feather became the sky. Wayden's stomach churned. The Sky Raiders...they have Harth and they’ll have me next. 
Wayden shouted to the Royal Companion, "Sir Swiftrider, I’ve lost. Gar Skymaster has control of the dragon. We have to get out of here.”
"Nay. We bring the dragon back with us, or we shall not return at all.”
"That's exactly what I'm afraid of."
"The fool won't understand this is a battle we cannot win," Kolram said.
The dragon landed in the clearing, not ten feet from Wayden and the stalwart Royal Companion. The dragon’s head was bowed, and her tongue flicked against her lips, a sign of submission.
"Take―" Whatever Swiftrider was going to say was as buried as the arrow that thudded into his neck. Blood spurted on Wayden's face and the Dragon Knight fell off Green Lightning, landing head-first against a rock. Wayden managed to hold onto the scaled horse, even with his eyes closed and his stomach roiling in horror.
"Swiftrider!” Wayden cried. “No! Am I cursed, that death follows me like a dog?" 
"Remain calm, we have to escape," Kolram said, "Think. You cannot control the dragon, but you can control Green Lightning. Get us out of here."
Wayden spread his fingers and turned his wrists. He shouted aloud, "Hoof, and mane, run like thunder, save us from this colossal bl―"
A weighted net came down on top of Wayden, sending him sprawling off the horse, and onto the pine needle covered ground, in a tangled heap of hemp. The scaled horse bolted into the trees, several arrows embedded in her side.
The wolves descended, landing in a circle around Wayden. The more he struggled against the net, the more it ensnared him in its hempen tentacles. A tall Sky Raider wearing a lacquered goat's mask leapt off a winged wolf. 
Wayden’s stomach lurched. The goat man that had taken Mavik was no hallucination. Here he was in all his horror. His goat’s face was a lacquered mask. He wore studded leather and his hands glowed, as he grabbed Wayden and dragged him from beneath the net.
"It's Kolram’s host," Goat said.
Gar Skymaster fingered his necklace. “I thought I felt a gnat pulling at Harth’s mind.” 
The necklace...Rif had said Gar’s necklace might be Raylar’s God-weapon, a power amplifier. No wonder Gar was so powerful. It was all in the necklace. It didn’t matter though where the power came from, it just mattered that Gar possessed it. Wayden was helpless.
Wayden squirmed, but a second Sky Raider helped Goat tie him up, while a third stuffed a gag in his mouth. He wanted to retch, not so much from the taste of the filthy rag, but from the flavor of failure. A dozen feet away, Gar Skymaster might as well have been a million leagues out of Wayden's reach. 
The Sky Raiders forced Wayden upon a skywolf, its matted fur stinking of dried and frozen excrement. Leg straps were tightened around him, binding him to the wolf. His wrists were bound and fastened to a hemp cord that stretched from the saddle through a leather loop. 	
There was no escape.

Chapter 18 
Second Shadow

It's human nature. We don't acknowledge the world might be about to blow up under us. -Verica
-<>- 

It was time. Verica gritted her teeth. Turning to wraith form was as comfortable as jumping into an icy lake in winter. A stinging sensation started at her scar and spread across her body. Within a heartbeat, her body numbed, and the pain faded.
 “The things I do for Jazlyn,” Verica thought. “Peel off my skin. Rush into labs. Spy on kings.” 
 “Why do you profess to do it for Jazlyn when we both know your true motivation is curiosity?” Lukor, the wraith who resided inside of her, asked.
Verica grumbled. Jazlyn was lucky. Asgaroth only tore bones, he wasn’t a know-it-all wraith who called her on every half-truth.
Her apartment was empty, as her father and his assistant had traveled to Kaldia for a Healer's conclave, which was lucky, as her father hated her turning into wraith form. She’d not been sure she wanted to spy for Jazlyn, but in the end boredom won out. She had raided the pantry, jousted, raided the pantry again, played mumbly ball, and after four more pantry raids had nothing left to do, but to go over and over again in her mind the disconcerting things that she’d learned through Jazlyn and her own inquiries. Nothing added up and that didn’t sit well with her. Lukor was right. She needed to know what the Dracon was up to, though she was fairly sure she wouldn’t like the answer. 
Verica stuck to the edge of the stone corridors, making her way past a cadre of Flickers. 
She entered the off-limits area, where the government of the Red Palace conducted its business: the huge cavernous chamber known as the Court of Flames. The Court was nestled in the windowless center of the Red Palace, beneath the crater of the volcano. On the north side of the room, sat the Burning Throne with a ring of basalt benches surrounding it.
  On the eastern side, beneath an enormous hanging tapestry of the Dragonking, an acolyte in a maroon robe practiced projecting tendrils of fire into the air. Servants with trays of food knocked on chamber doors, delivering salvers of pepper-fried pulled pork and roasted potatoes drizzled with honey for midday meal. Verica had eaten lunch not an hour ago, but the smell of food still made her mouth water. Wraith form always worked up an appetite in her.
 On the southern side, Volkanus's head and wings rose from the deep caldera of boiling lava. Even in his healing bath the dragon looked terrible. His scales had flaked off in large chunks, the skin beneath them was peeling, and cantankerous boils dappled his raw flesh. His eyes were weak and fluttered open only for moments at a time. What would become of the Palace if the dragon died? 
“This whole place could erupt,” Verica thought, “yet everyone stands around complacently, waiting for the dragon to recover.”
"I must admit, I find this surprising myself," Lukor said. "Why is the palace not evacuated?"
"The Prophet Crow says when Volkanus dies, he'll be replaced by another," Verica explained.
"But prophecy is an inexact science. Oftentimes the waters are misread or there are junctures. The Splasher saying goes the future is not written in stone, it's written in water. Wouldn't it be wise to take precautions?" 
"I don't know. It's human nature. We don't acknowledge the world might be about to blow up under us. We just go about our business," Verica thought, maneuvering past another guard station. 
The southern side housed Verica’s destination: the Dracon's office. She passed through a tunnel with obsidian walls flecked with some sparkling mineral. Verica ran her hands over the stone, which proved surprisingly smooth. 
“Two millennia ago, Centuron dug the tunnels with earth magic before the Second Dark War,” Lukor said. 
“I thought Centuron and Dragonking were enemies?”
“Allies turned enemies, as happened often with these Immortals,” Lukor said. “The Immortals had more time than sense.” 
"Is it true that Centuron trapped the wraiths as well as the Immortals?" Verica asked. 
"Centuron's Order of the Guardian trapped me. That much I can attest to. I cannot say with certainty what happened to most of my brethren, as I was one of the first wraiths to be captured and the histories merely speculate on this.”
“How were you captured?”
“I was sent as an envoy to talk to the Immortals. Dragonking ambushed me, killed the host I was linked to, and Centuron's son trapped me in the sarcophagus."
"I'm sorry."
"I fail to see how it’s your fault."
“I just mean I sympathize.”
“Why would you do that?”
“I mean…never mind! Just leave it!”
The passageway widened as she entered the Royal Chambers, where the highest ranking officials held their offices. She passed Glower mages in white shawls, Lesser Beast Tongues training wolves or hawks, Fire-Whisperers, half a dozen acolytes, and a score of servants and guards. She hugged the walls to avoid crashing into anyone. She’d collided with that orphan boy, Wayden, in the stairwell. If she were to be caught spying on the Dracon, it would mean her life. All it might take is someone turning suddenly and she might crash into them. She stayed close to the walls, as most people tended towards the center of the corridor.
A honeycomb of doorways dimpled the stone walls, each with a different insignia upon it: an armored fist for defense, a golden coin for the treasury, a wolf for the skywolf kennel, a water droplet for Prophet Crow, and so on. The Dracon's gilded double door stood at the very end of the passage. It was engraved with an emblem of a crowned dragon in front of the sun. Two magic-eaters and a pair of Flickers stood at either side of the entrance, along with the largest of the Royal Companions, Sir Oz Strongfist. 
Some said Strongfist was descended from Ozacs, and Verica would have believed it, if his skin were gray. The muscle-bound Dragon Knight stood near seven-foot tall. He wasn’t as kind as her Org, either. Verica had made the mistake of watching him fight in the Choosing and she still had nightmares of the mess he’d made of his opponent.
“You sure the Magic-eaters won’t affect me?” Verica thought.
“Yes. Raylar’s creations interrupt source-derived magic, while wraith form is a biological process-“
“You’re like my father. The more you explain something the less I understand it.”
Fire-Whisperer Dade strode down the corridor and shoved a parchment with a codex seal into Strongfist's gauntleted hands. The Dragon Knight glanced at it, grunted, and stepped aside. Verica entered behind Dade, a shadow within his shadow. She moved too quickly and stepped on the back of the Fire-Whisperer's robes. Dade paused midstride, a puzzled expression travelling across his brow.
“Something wrong, Your Lordship?" Strongfist asked in his deep, booming bass. 
Dade stared right at Verica. Finally, he shrugged. "No, nothing."
Dade entered the Dracon's chamber. Once inside, Verica ducked into a dark corner, near a tall wooden bookshelf, behind a table where two acolytes were writing on parchments with quills. 
The Dracon's quarter would have been large, but it was crammed with hundreds of ceramic vases, golden armor, vials filled with various liquids, jewel-encrusted skulls, necklaces strung with coins, Kaldian inventions, colorful weaving, furs, and dozens of buxom statuettes. Dozens of cabinets, shelves, and chests lined the room. It looked like her father’s lab, packed with a thousand curiosities.
Paintings of deceased Dracons hung from the wall as well as a painting of Niar hanging right above the tyrant. The Dracon resembled a heroic leader in the painting, arm extended in the air. The real Dracon looked more like a bureaucrat behind a desk covered with stacks of parchments, bottles of ink, and codex seals, dictating to two scribes.
 His Fire-Whisperer veil was off, and Verica saw his true face. He had sallow eyes and a crooked nose, red hair and blue eyes. She’d expected devil's features, but he bore a disappointingly plain countenance. 
Dade handed one of the acolytes the scroll. "Your Majesty, the acolyte was indeed embezzling. We've accounted for every coin he's taken and it adds up to five hundred and forty."
“You said there are nine thousand gold-bones unaccounted for?"
"Indeed there are. And I know exactly who took them."
"Who?"
"You did, Your Highness.”
The Dracon let out a laugh. “Impressive, Dade. You’re both smarter and more foolish than I thought. I command you not to speak of the money to anyone."
"Then help me understand why, Sire.”
"You over-estimate your importance." The Dracon refastened his veil. “The allocation of those resources is classified.”
“As Treasurer of the Court of Flames, how can I balance the budget, without knowing where our treasury went?" 
"How can I be expected to govern a country without secrecy?"
The argument had seemed promising at first, but soon became boring. The arguments went round and round, until even Verica's foot fell asleep. After a long notch, the Dracon dismissed Dade, who left mumbling to himself. His extra shadow did not follow him, but stayed in the dark corner of the Dracon's office. 
It was harder to be quiet than Verica would have guessed. She let out a stifled sneeze, at the exact moment Oz Strongfist announced, "Beast Tongue, Belza, daughter of Baltoo, Dragon Keeper, and Mistress of wolves!" 
 Belza pulled up a chair across from the Dracon, her shock of red hair, swaying like a burning bush. "Your Majesty, the chase for the dragon is on. A message from Ko’s camp claims that the dragon has been spotted. The Beast Tongue and Swiftrider are in pursuit."
Verica perked up at this. “I thought Volkanus was the last of his kind.”
“Clutches of dragon eggs are laid as deep underground as the dragon can hide them,” Lukor said, “Sometimes they do not hatch for hundreds of years and then, without warning, they do.”
Belza handed a parchment to the Dracon. "Sky Raiders are in the vicinity as well.”
“Ozac’s eyeballs. We have to hope Gar doesn’t get to the dragon first then. We will delay the prisoner transport a day later, have the skywolves ready to depart two days prior to Three Moon’s Night."
Belza nodded.
“Very well, dismissed,” the Dracon said. 
Jazlyn always said Verica didn't understand emotions well, being part wraith. Well, she was pretty sure she knew what she was feeling now. Her toes were tapping and her leg had fallen asleep. Her shadow form was starting to wane, and she’d yet to hear anything related to Jazlyn or her mother. She knew exactly what she was feeling right now. 
She was hungry. She needed a lemon biscuit. 
She was about to give up her surveillance when Oz announced, "Prophet Crow."
"Enter," the Dracon said. "Finally. What took you?"
Verica wondered the same thing herself. 
"I apologize for my lateness," Crow answered.
The Dracon dismissed the two acolytes. When the door closed behind them, the Dracon turned to Crow. “So the two children host Arth and Kolram? It's confirmed?”
“The pigeon came in from Ko a few moments ago. It’s confirmed.” Crow unfastened his black cloak, but despite the warmth in the room, he left his bird's mask on. "Are you sure this is wise, to risk them on this venture with the dragon? If they die, or their return is delayed till past Three Moons’ Night, you are denied three powerful magi.”
 The Dracon paced the room, almost crashing into Verica. “It's of the utmost importance we acquire this dragon. Volkanus is dying." The Dracon briefed Crow on what Belza had told him. “Crow you might be too young to remember how bad things were under Dracon Coralis. The man almost brought Helos to ruins. Our military was weak, our coffers bankrupt…I swore to myself if I were accepted for the Great Choosing, I would run things differently. I would make sure the Drakondim was as powerful as possible. And that’s what I will do no matter what the cost.”
"I see." Crow stepped in front of the door. Verica's power was beginning to wane, but the bird-masked prophet was blocking the exit. 
Verica's chest tightened. "I'm going to get caught.”
"Not necessarily," thought Lukor, "Perhaps you'll be lucky and the dragon will die and the volcano will blow up first."
"I should never have explained sarcasm to you.”
Crow stroked his beak. “I saw nothing in the water about you having a new dragon.”
"The water doesn't tell all though, does it? What about Dakarth? Do our sources in the Bone Palace have any word for us?"
"Dakarth's simply planning on freeing his father. He doesn't want his advisors to jeopardize it with any tricks or subterfuge. He is aware you have eyes in the Bone Castle."
"Free Asgaroth? But he's inside of Jazlyn," Verica thought. "How do they plan to get him out?"
"Perhaps they have discovered a way of putting Asgaroth's soul into a new body," Lukor said. "Or they have discovered a way of breaking the Guardian field and returning him to his original body." 
The Dracon returned to his cluttered desk, sorting absently through parchments. "Very well then. Dismissed."
Crow bowed and departed, unaware he was followed by a second shadow. 

-<>- 

The Draconess and Jazlyn stood beneath the gaze of a tall Flicker with a silver mustachios. Next to him was a short Flicker, with traces of greasy-black hair still growing upon a balding egg-shaped head. The tall one’s chain mesh draped like a tent across his skinny frame and the short one's was tight upon his bulging stomach, giving the impression that he was attempting to smuggle a melon beneath his mail. A magic-eater slithered nearby. The horrid creatures always gave Jazlyn ghastly nightmares. She could feel Asgaroth's telekinetic powers being drained by it. Which was a shame, since she felt an urge to tear the bones out of these guards.
The Draconess appeared to feel the same way. "I’m the Draconess! What do you mean I can't enter? 
"It means you can't come in, Your Majesty," said the short Flicker, pronouncing each word slowly. “Enter is a fancy word for come in.”
The tall Flicker smacked the back of the short guard's head. "I apologize for my companion's impertinence, Your Majesty. I'm afraid in essence he is correct, however. We must allow no one entrance to the Plague Room by strict order of your lord husband, His Royal Highness the Dracon Niar, leader of Helos-“
“Yes thank you, I know who my husband is.” 
But the guard went on unperturbed. “-Son of Terok, First Seat on the Temple of the Third Moon, and first seat upon the Court of Flames, may his ember burn ever luminescent."
“May an ember be forever shoved up his posterior,” Jazlyn thought. 
"That can be arranged," Asgaroth said.
“If you want to tear his bones out, I’m all for it.”
“Just bring me to him and get rid of the magic-eaters. I’ll do the rest.”
The offer wasn’t without its temptations, but Jazlyn felt her future lay elsewhere than patricide.  
It was infuriating that this wasn’t working. She’d tried earlier to gain entrance into the Plague Room, had been turned away, so Jazlyn had dropped a hint to the Draconess that it would be charitable to visit the sick. How could she have predicted that the guards would have the audacity to entrance to the most powerful woman in Helos?
 However, discovering that the level of security was so high was a type of information as well. It was a confirmation that the Plague Room was not a Plague Room. Doblin had suddenly come down with the plague and was quarantined, yet he’d seemed perfectly healthy. Ravenna's parents had been in perfect health when they were seized. According to Verica, her father had offered to look at the Plague victims, but had been turned away, as other healers were handling the situation. There was no doubt that Ravenna was correct. The Plague Room was nothing but an excuse of the Dracon to gather the authorized magi.
The Draconess glared at the guards. "I am the Draconess, the highest ranking woman in the Drakindom. I demand you allow me entrance."
"It's called the Plague Room," said the short Flicker. “It just might be because people have the plague in there.”
The tall guard shook his head apologetically. "What my ill-mannered compatriot is attempting to articulate in his crude, low-brow fashion is that the disease in question is of a highly contagious nature and might pose a threat to her majesty’s delicate constitution." 
His translation is harder to understand than the original, Jazlyn mused. He thinks it more mannerly to say no with larger words.
"A servant bearing food go left a moment ago. He appeared to be quite alive and well upon his exit," the Draconess said. "As a Descendant of an Immortal, I have never caught a contagion in all my years. I am the daughter of Kero, granddaughter of Borleat, great-grand daughter of Dragonking."
The short guard rubbed his nose. "Yeah, well they can't come in either." 
The tall guard rolled his eyes at his companion. "I am most sorry for my partner’s manner, Your Majesty. His heritage is not as noble as your own. He is the son of a washer woman, who was daughter of a gambler, and grandson to a whore.”
The short guard raised an eyebrow. “You forgot great-grandson of a boiled pig and brother to a chamber pot. Those are allowed in, by the way.” 
The tall guard ignored his companion. “His breeding leaves much to be desired, but alas, in essence, his summation is correct. You may not enter."
"Can we just peek in?" Jazlyn asked.
The tall guard bent down on a knee, eye to eye with Jazlyn. He took her hand, and looked at her so tenderly that for half a moment Jazlyn thought he might be preparing to propose. "My dear, I am afraid our orders were quite explicit. No one may, as you say, 'peek'."
"Trust me, there ain't much to see in there. Just a bunch of old people sitting around looking depressed," the short Flicker said, picking at something in his ear.
"So no one in there with …say…an actual plague?" Jazlyn asked, backing away from a magic-eater that slithered up to the hem of her dress. 
"As for that I couldn't say," the short Flicker said, catching Jazlyn’s eye meaningfully. "They seem well enough to me, but what do I know? I’m the great grandson of a mangy stray cat and the half-brother to a dung beetle. Hex me, I can’t even tell the difference between a plague room and a dungeon."



Chapter 19 
The Weaver’s Web

There are the wars fought above ground, and worse ones, fought far below. -Laeko
-<>- 

Alaina watched the burnt boy pulling against the ropes which bound him to the tree. She felt the same Connection Spell she’d felt towards the boy's twin.
The Weaver had foreseen this. ‘Free the burnt boy,’ Finder had told her. But, how could she? Her father would have her executed for such a treasonous act, but not before exacting excruciating torture. How did she know she could trust the word of the Weaver, anyway?
She’d felt a bond towards Finder, and she hosted the Grandmaster of Magic-finding, Zaburn. This boy’s twin hosted Jijari. He must also host a Grandmaster.
"He hosts my enemy,” Nadra said, “Kolram son of Halbreth.  You heard him casting the Beast Tongue spell on the horse.”
“Your enemy?"
"My enemy, my beloved. My betrothed that spurned me,” Nadra replied. “Kolram was mine and was stolen from me. The marriage had been arranged by the Court of Flames. Kolram defied the edict and instead wed the Guardian witch.”
A memory surfaced in Alaina’s mind of Nadra standing before Kolram and Solita’s house. The house was built in the Adonian style, blending with the huge trees all around. Nadra sent a curl of flame from her lips, encircling the house.
Alaina gasped. “You set their house on fire? You're insane." 
"Fire will wreak its vengeance, something a weak frog-skin like yourself can’t understand."
Alaina bristled at the derogatory term for Mantus. She hated hosting Nadra, but had no idea how to get her out. Alaina had asked her father how Nadra came to reside in her, Gar forbade her from inquiring about it. “You talk about it one more time, and I’ll have your tongue cut out." Her loving father. 
The noise of drunken debauchery carried through the night. Over by the bonfire, the silhouette of her father had his arms wrapped around two Sky Raider wenches. He leaned towards one and she let out a yelp of pain. Gar burst into laughter. Her father was disgusting.
"Of course he disgusts you- he’s a barbarian,” Nadra said.  “All your people are." 
Alaina wished she could prove Nadra wrong, but looking at her father, she knew that would be a hard argument to win. The man was shameless. She turned away.
Seeking solitude, Alaina moved behind a thicket. She petted Red Paw, who rubbed up against her. Alaina ran her hand over the beast’s furry back, scratching between her folded wings. The skywolf licked her cheek. 
Finder's words kept passing through her mind: 'Free the burnt boy. Remember the four thousand bones. Save Laeko.' What did it all mean?
A Sky Raider couple's voices carried across the night air. Alaina drew closer to listen in when she heard them mention her name. 
"How is his daughter a frog-skin?” the woman asked.
“Her mum was a Mantu,” a man replied. “Tough warrior, she was. Died in the birthing. The whelp killed her own mother, which makes her cursed.”
Alaina sighed. It wasn’t the first time Alaina had heard this, but the words stung anyway. 
“You hear something?” the woman asked.
“Let’s get out of here,” the man said, and he and the woman scampered off.
"You know, Kolram might have information for us,” Nadra said. “How we got into this mess. I know you are as eager to be free of me, as I of you.”
Alaina stared at the boy tied to the elm. He was thin as a rail, burn-mark on his forehead quivering, tears streaking his dirty cheeks. 
And he might just be her only hope.

							-<>-  

Mavik's whisper was a frozen cloud lit by firelight. "On Three Moons' Night, we best not be here.” 
The other slaves were gathered around the main bonfire. Mavik had started a second, smaller fire, so he and Emerelda could talk alone. The campfire's glow illuminated her vine tattooed jaw. She leaned against him, straw-like hair tickling his neck. “And your vision be showin’ me opening up a doorway? In this anvil?”
Mavik nodded. “You were touching it with the energy snakes and a door opened in it.”
The new slave, Laeko, approached them.  Her hair was gray, and her skin wrinkled, but there was something vibrant about her silver eyes. “May I sit?"
Mavik supposed there wasn't much more to say about the escape at the moment, and he was curious about Laeko. He patted, the log beside him, scooting even closer to Emerelda to make room. “Please. May I ask, why you were imprisoned?” 
 “You may,” Laeko answered, “And you have. Gar had a statue made of himself sculpted and erected in the Hall of the Ancients and had the statues of the Weaver and the Wolf Woman thrown out off the side of the Nest.” Mavik had seen the remains of the smashed statues when he’d been collecting firewood. “I denounced his foolishness. That was the excuse I used to get placed here, but the truth is, I need to be here. Crucial junctures are approaching.”
“You're a Splasher?”
“I don't use anything as insubstantial as water for my prophecies. I’m a descendant of the Weaver,” Laeko said. “We use threads to see the future." 
“Strand Prophets, friends of devils and demons, cursed be their darkness,” Jijari said.
Laeko pulled out a piece of fabric. A thousand images were woven into it, but her wrinkled finger pointed to a single green circle surrounded by darkness. “This Three Moons Night.” Then her finger moved back to a second image, a crossroad of light. “This is a day before, a juncture.” Then her fingers moved to a third image, prison bars under a brown bird’s nest. Her finger moved again, pointing to a red-haired boy and a blonde girl approaching a giant black Anvil.
“Same thing you be seein’ Mav,” Emerelda said.
“If these Strand Prophets say the same thing you do, Jijari, how can they be devils?” Mavik asked.
“This troubles me,” Jijari said.
Laeko nodded. "The Source is the Source no matter whether tapped by strands of the fluidity of water. The night of the Three Moons is in two nights. You'd best be on your way before tomorrow.”
“Can you see how we be gettin’ out of the camp?” Emerelda asked.
“Kava root,” Laeko said. 
"Kava root?" Mavik repeated. “Is this another riddle?”
"It's the sort of riddle you slip into someone's drink." Laeko shuffled over to a bush and pointed. "Dig up that Kava bush and get me the root, eh? We'll grind it and make a nice sleeping draught. Sometimes guards drift off, eh?"
Emerelda nodded. "I should have thought of that. Our druid used to be using that sometimes."
"Thank you, mistress. Do you want to come with us?" Mavik asked.
Laeko chuckled. "What did you see in the water? Did you see yourselves carrying an old lady while running towards the Anvil?"
Mavik blushed. "Well, no.” 
"My path lies elsewhere. Don't you worry about old Laeko, eh? The Weaver’s webs will catch me." Laeko tapped the side of her nose, a superstition to ward off bad luck. "Be careful, young ones. Dark things live and die in the Fist. There are the wars fought above ground, and worse ones fought far below."

-<>- 

Verica jumped as the Dracon slammed his fist against the top of his desk. The mounted animal masks on the walls vibrated. They seemed to be staring straight through Verica's shadow-form, as if to say, "We can see you."
 This was her third attempt at spying. The last one had been a dismal failure. There had been long discussions with Fire-whispers about the coming Choosing. But, as the saying went, the third try brings either gold or death. She was hoping it would be the former. 
"In my experience, boring can often be preferable to exciting," Lukor said.
"Aye, you're the King of Boring, Lukor.”
“Thank you… I think.”
The Dracon slammed his fist into his desk. "Gar snatches the Beast Tongue right from my hands, and now the burglar expects the robbed to pay.”
“Won’t we?” Crow asked.
The Dracon stood and began to pace the room, the pleated fringe of his long red robe sweeping past Verica's feet. “We have no choice. It galls, but in the long run, it will not matter. Gar will get his just reward come Three Moons' Night.”
Crow adjusted his beak. “Well about that, Your Majesty. Gar wants reassurance that he won’t end up like the other magi in your sacrifice."
"Double curses. What type of reassurance?"
"The Daughter Draconi must be in his custody before the ceremony. He demands we send her right away."
“You were right,” Verica thought, her stomach churning with worry. “Boring is good. Things are proving a little too interesting.”
The Dracon spun on his heels, narrowly missing a collision with Verica. "The Skymaster knows Jazlyn will have to be cut for Asgaroth to be released."
"He does, but cut is not killed, Sire. Jazlyn will be a hostage to insure Dakarth's good behavior as well as your own. After all, the host of Dakarth's father and your daughter."
The Dracon smiled, lifting up one of his figurines of a young girl. "He thinks I’ll not sacrifice Jazlyn, but I’ll do what’s necessary. The nation needs leadership and strength. It is a leader's job to make sacrifices for the good of the many."
“Hypocrite,” Verica thought.  “Sacrifice yourself, not your daughter. That would do the many much more good.”
"Still,” Crow said, “I think you will have to do without the Skymaster's Beast Tongue abilities. Besides Gar commanding a small army, there is the fact that Dakarth will not take kindly to Asgaroth's host being slain."
"True. True. Well, I must not be too greedy. I suppose a hundred magi's powers will have to do. After Three Moons' Night, I will have more power than anyone can handle, even Gar. Then we shall see who is laughing.” The Dracon interlaced his fingers. “We continue as planned. Tonight round up the rest of the magi." 
"You still want to include the Draconess and Dade?”
"We’ve been over this. You tell me it is a risk, and I tell you it would be more dangerous to leave them a force unchecked. You arguing it a third time won't change my mind. The evidence is ready to be planted?"
"It’s been arranged. It will be uncovered that the Draconess and the Dade have been planning a mutiny." Crow paused for a moment. "I'm sure it wasn't necessary, Your Majesty, but I hope you'll forgive me that I kept evidence that it's a fraud, in case you’re thinking of adding me to the sacrifice. Should anything sudden happen to me, incriminating information would come to light."
The Dracon looked annoyed, a vein throbbing in his forehead. His knuckles turned white, vibrating against the desktop. He looked about to shout, then his expression changed, and he let out a laugh. "Well played Crow. Your cunning is second only to my own. So be it. Let it begin!"
"Very well. I shall alert the Fire Guard to begin the round up." 
Crow opened the doorway, giving orders to Oz Strongfist and the Flickers. If Strongfist was puzzled that Crow was ordering the arrest of the Draconess, he betrayed no signs of it.
Verica swallowed. She had to get to Jazlyn before they did. She looked down at her feet. Her shadow form was weakening and the tips of her shoes emerged from fading shadow. She had to get past Crow and the Dracon, before her wraith-form dissipated. Crow stood between her and the doorway. 
The Dracon froze mid-stride. He was staring at Verica’s shoes, which had rematerialized. He stared in puzzlement, but then his expression changed, his eyes widening. Verica seized hold of a corner of a mid-sized cabinet and pulled. It didn't budge. She let all her weight into it and… a rain of knick-knacks, manuscripts, and musical instruments echoed off the cold stone. A Tulkarian string harp hissed in atonal protest.
"By the Gods Above!" shouted Crow. 
The Dracon was pointing at Verica, looking shocked. "Berik's…daugh-"
"Berik? Does Your Majesty require a healer?"
“The half wraith…” the Dracon gasped. 
Crow moved to help the Dracon and the guards rushed in. There was a gap now. Verica rushed through the open doorway - and tripped. She skidded across the stone floor, feeling her skin burn. 
Strongfist's great stride took the Dragon Knight straight over her, but one Flicker still stood in the doorway, his legs spread. Verica scurried ungracefully through the gap between the guard’s greaves, and shot out, racing like the winter wind.
She could see her own boots and bits of her breeches: the knees and cuffs. Her fingernails were visible as well. It was strange watching her disembodied fingernails floating through the air. She tried to stay calm as she dashed through oncoming Flickers and Fire-Whisperers, who were hurrying to investigate yells from the Dracon's quarters. 
She sprinted around a corner and collided with a Mantu servant whose tray dropped, dishes clattering against the stone floor. Verica continued her mad dash.
 “You’re not going to make it,” Lukor said.
Verica's entire lower body was clearly visible now. As she turned another corner, she spied a place to hide. She ducked into a supply room. The rest of her body reappeared. An alarm horn blew in the distance and male voices shouted, “We have been breached!”
 It wouldn't be long before someone searched the closet. She decided to risk the corridors. She left the supply room by a rear door, walking at a brisk pace, her body fully visible now. Two Flickers approached. Her forehead felt slick and her shoulders tightened. She shouted at them, “You’re needed at the Dracon’s!” They nodded and rushed straight past her. 
“Well done,” Lukor said.
Verica’s stomach twisted. The Dracon had identified her. He knew about her wraith symbiont. She was in as much trouble as Jazlyn. They were going to be taking the Draconess, Dade, Jazlyn, and who knew how many others into custody. She couldn’t help the Draconess or Dade. She had to warn Jazlyn, and the two of them had to get as far from the Red Palace as possible. Maybe Verica could find her father at the Healer's Conclave. No, that would be the first place they would look for her.
 A heavy sadness settled over Verica, as she realized she might never see her father again. He hadn't been the best father, but he was the only one she had. She would miss him, as well as their servants, like the cook, Ec, and her delicious lemon biscuits. There was no turning back now. She and Jazlyn were fugitives from the law. 

Chapter 20 
The Darkness

The darkness found me a long time ago. -Rif
-<>-  
	
"No sign of the Beast Tongue, alive or otherwise," Sir Thunderstone's voice boomed, living up to his name: loud as thunder, hard as stone. "Gar must have him or else the Woodsmen got him. Either way he's gone."
Rif's heart sank. It was too much. His father and sisters taken by the slavers, his mother by the Red Guard, Kazor eaten by scagazi...and now Wayden too.
"A good riddance to him," thought Arth. "Kolram is no friend."
"Arth, he tried to help you," thought Genika. Arth’s sister’s presence in his mind had been getting stronger of late. That was for the good, she was a calming influence.
"His eyes were spy’s eyes," Belok’s voice was smooth and soft, and sent ice spiders dancing down Rif’s spine. “You should have given him the gift.”
How could Belok have escaped? He, Genika, and Arth had trapped Belok in the mindscape. Rif was sure they had secured him well, but it was just like last time.  Rif had thought they had trapped him a year ago, and then he popped back out. It was like trying to drown a cork.
"Focus,” Arth said. “We can imprison him again. Breathe."
Rif pictured a peaceful place: a Tulkarian waterfall: fronds of broad-leafed tropical plants on the banks, singing birds with stripes of pink and orange strutting with chests puffed out. Then the birds scattered and out from the fronds came an enormous tiger- with the face of Belok.
Genika reminded him, “Breathe” though she herself sounded anything but calm. Having her killer inside the mindscape with her…it must be unbearable for her. He could sense Genika herself employing the Adonian breathing technique: three short breaths, followed by a deep breath.
Breathing was more difficult than most people realized, especially with Belok around, making his chest tighten with fear. Fear was Belok’s knife, and he used the weapon formidably. Short, short, short, long. Rif breathed, relaxing himself. Genika and Arth joined forces with him on the plains of the mindscape. The three of them became spearmen, driving the tiger back towards a bamboo cage. Rif slammed the door shut. A hand grabbed Rif’s shoulder. Rif jolted, becoming aware of Mistress Night leaning towards him. The remains of a campfire smoldered.
“Are you alright, dear?” Mistress Night asked.
“Just a h-h-headache.”
Her gnarled hand thrust a root at Rif. "Suck on this. It'll help your headache. And your fears. Don't worry dear. The shadows will be coming for us soon." 
 “The Shadows found me a long time ago,” Rif thought.
The Flickers had found the corpses of Swiftrider and Green Lightning. The skywolves left just enough to be recognizable. For a long notch, they searched for Wayden. 
Ko stretched his head upwards and cursed loudly.
 “Your holiness, we must return," Healer Conrick said, "We'll be hard pressed to make it back by the Dracon's deadline."
Ko spat out a few more curse words and then ordered, "Troops! Fall in, scouts, forward and rear guard assume positions.”
Rif closed his eyes, fighting off tears. They were giving up the search. He felt as if his insides were caving in.
The wagon maneuvered to an about-face and then turned northwards towards the distant volcano. The air had grown cold, and snow fell from the sky, star-like flakes descending, gracing the branches white with their crystalline embrace.
The caravan made good time on the first day of the return trip, but on the second day, they encountered trouble. A faint rumbling noise caught Rif's ear. The noise was familiar. Claws striking rock, tearing through sand, pushing upwards, clay swirling. Rif would know that sound anywhere now. It was often in his nightmares.
“Sc…sc….scagazi!” Rif yelled. Pincer-like hands burst through the lightly snow-dusted ground. 
Thunderstone drew his blue sword from his scabbard and shouted, “For Helos!”
Trembling, the Flickers readied their spears. Thunderstone’s blade cleaved through the neck gap in the scagazi's exoskeleton, severing its neck from its body. The head rolled through the mud and landed by Rif's foot, the creature's cavernous eyes staring into his own.
"Scagazi attacks are rare. Twice can't be a coincidence," Genika said.
"Someone is sending them after Rif," Arth said. "Someone who wants to stop me from doing something." 
Rif felt a heavy weight bowl him over. A scagazi sat upon his chest howling triumphantly. Rif’s hands were pinned and the subterranean beast leaned forward, its mouth widening. Just as he felt all hope was past, a whip of flame wrapped around the creature's neck searing the brown-skin black. The creature gripped its neck, and Rif rolled loose.
The creature howled for a short notch, then slumped over dead. Then Ko turned to whisper his flame. The fire magic poured from his mouth scorching a scagazi who shrieked in a high-pitched whine. Ko whispered again another burning secret into a second scagazi and then a third. 
Rif scurried behind a thicket, and away from the heat of both battle and fire magic. He kept his head down, listening to the howls and screams, thumps and curses. 
 “Kill,” Belok urged. “Kill the Fire Whisperer and the soldiers. Then disappear into the woods.”
How had he gotten loose again, so quickly? But even as he asked himself, he realized the answer. Rif had done it himself. His fear had let Belok loose.
"Flee, but do not kill," Genika said.
Ko's voice boomed behind him, “Thunderstone, the soul thief is bolting. Catch him!”
Rif raced up a hill. Thunderstone charged after him. Two Flickers trailed behind, but Thunderstone was surprisingly fast and nimble. Rif raced down the hillside, tripped on a root and fell, face first, into a murky brook.
"Ungrateful little bugger," Thunderstone bellowed and shoved Rif's face into the stream. The burbling and coldness of water was all around him now. He could taste the muddy river.
“No. Help me,” Rif thought.
“Let me,” Belok thought. “I can help you. I can give Thunderstone the gift.”
 Then Thunderstone yanked him back out and Rif gulped for air. 	
He pulled out of Thunderstone's grasp and twisted free and ran. He could feel Thunderstone inches behind him. Rif leapt into the branches of a scrappy pine tree. The branch he clung to cracked, and Rif dangled helplessly. He wasn't up high enough to escape the big knight's reach. Thunderstone grasped Rif's ankle and Rif found himself thudding into hard ground. The Dragon Knight leered at Rif from above him. 
“Suck his soul,” urged Arth. 
“But don’t kill him,” Genika said.
“Weak. Power is strength,” Belok thought. “You can’t half way open a bottle.”
Rif could feel the Source, burning beneath his eyelids. He gestured and the Dragon Knight started to gag, his soul mist clinging to his lips. Thunderstone fell to the ground, near Rif. He grabbed Rif’s leg and squeezed. Rif felt anger raging inside him.
“Finish him,” Belok thought. “Let me take control. I’ll do it for you. It’s simpler this way.”
It would be easier to relinquish responsibility. Life was so hard. Everything had gone wrong for Rif from the beginning. If he just let go, then Belok could do what needed to be done. Rif didn't like to kill, but sometimes you had to. He was weak, but Belok wasn't. 
"I'll just let go for a moment," Rif thought.
"No! Rif, you have to fight it!" Genika said. "Breathe. Picture a peaceful place. A time when you were happy."
Rif pictured the beach on the Tulkarian Sea where he and his family used to live. He could see the massive frame of his father and sinewy forms of his sisters now, all three with their long purple hair, fishing from a log boat.
His elder sister pushed the younger in. They were laughing. His mother had a fire going on the shore, and the scent of roast cod wafted through the humid air.
 Rif entered the tepid waters with his net and harpoon, the undertow pulling at his ankles. Something cold wrapped around his ankle and pulled. His world became salt and sand as he was pulled under. He was eye to eye with a lake kraken. No, not a kraken. It had tentacles, but its face…it was Belok’s cruel face…his snake-like silver hair, his veined forehead, and his pale gray eyes. It was a face that was seared within Arth's memory, stabbing his sister over and over again.
Rif blacked out. When he woke up he coughed out water. At first, he thought the water was from the Tulkarian Sea, but the water was fresh and cold. He lay in the brook Thunderstone had tried to drown him. Somehow, he’d rolled down the hill back into it. Where was Thunderstone? Rif saw him, by the tree he had climbed. His cold, lifeless, eyes staring right into Rif’s.
Two Flickers grabbed Rif and he felt the cold iron of manacles snapping around his wrist. 
"Wraithing Tulkarian took out Thunderstone,” a Flicker shouted.
 Conrick fingered the side of Thunderstone’s neck. The portly healer shook his head. “He’s gone.”
Gone. With that one simple word Rif felt like his head had been shoved back into the brook again. Rif had killed the Dragon Knight. And that meant he’d killed the others as well. Thunderstone, Big Darius, they weren't the nicest of fellows, but they didn't deserve to be murdered. And what of all the others? That poor red-haired woman at the pine grove. The girl by the fishmonger's. The little girl by the well. He could still see her freckles. She couldn't have been more than ten. He’d killed her. He was the Striker. 
"I should let the scagazi kill me,” Rif thought.  “I should let Ko throw me in prison."
"It's Belok,” Genika said. “We have to learn to find a more permanent way to imprison him.”
"You killed me.” The voice of Thunderstone boomed from inside Rif. “You bastard!"
And a woman's voice, not Genika's. "And me as well. You killed me."
And a young girl's voice. "He didn't mean to. It was Belok."
The voice stabbed at Rif worse than one of Belok's knives. A young girl, an innocent. He’d murdered her. It was as if a dam had broken open, and now the memories were pouring out. The girl’s face turning blue. Tears streamed down Rif's face. I'm losing my mind.
"Make sure the ropes are firm, Ember Timeons," Ko said. "I want you and Ambrose on him at all times. Be a good man, and make sure the boy doesn't leave us all corpses, would you?"

Chapter 21 
The Rope

Trust the rope. –Jijari
-<>- 

The rope seemed to be a vengeful snake, willfully tightening, punishing his attempts to escape by tightening its hold. His back was up against the rough bark of the elm. A knot in the tree dug between his shoulder blades like a knuckle.
	Harth looked no happier. The beast lay ten paces away, staked and tethered. Her cat-like face rested in the mud, so the lower half of her face was more dripping black than glistening ivory. The ropes were no match for her, but there were the magical ropes to contend with, Gar’s magical snare was far less easily unraveled.
The smell of burning herbs, roast boar, and smoke wafted over the bracken of Deep Woods from the bonfire, thirty feet away, to a nearby clearing. 
The smell made Wayden’s mouth water and his stomach growl. It had been a day since he’d dined on venison with Rif, and the Sky Raiders had yet to feed him. The sounds of goblets clinking, bottles shattering, men shouting, and laughter filled the night air. 
It was the last that grated on Wayden the most. How could the guilty be happy, and the innocents be dead or captured? Why did the Source do nothing? Wayden was supposed to be wreaking vengeance, not be tied to a tree.
To his left, two young Sky Raiders stumbled off into the brush with a wineskin. To his right, a game of swordplay turned into a wrestling match. One of the drunken fighters, a tall human male, pricked a male Mantu. The Mantu grew so angry he threw down his sword and tackled the man. It looked like they were hugging, till the man pulled a bloody blade from the Mantu, letting the corpse drop onto the cold ground. He wandered back to the bonfire, drenched in blood. “I just killed Elkar. Give me some wine." 
Roars of approval met this announcement. One Sky Raider said, "Never liked that wraithin' frog-skin."
	Then, for a while, Wayden was alone, except for the hemp snakes, digging into his flesh with their fiber fangs. He fought off the urge to cry. Heroes don’t blubber, he told himself. Even if they felt like it. Even if they needed to. He would hold onto his anger like a knife, and when the opportunity came, he would slit the Skymaster’s throat with it.
Footsteps and the sound of crunching leaves caught his attention. A lithe girl approached. Her skin was lime green and her hair a mix of red and green. Part Mantu, a quarter blood, perhaps. 
There was something about this girl. The girl’s golden eyes weren't the cruel eyes of the other Sky Raiders, but softer, wider, sparkling with a deeper inner life. Her demeanor seemed less cocky, her face more pensive. She wore no finger necklace. He felt a bond to her, like he felt towards Rif or Mavik… the Connection Spell... he could sense it clearly now, as she approached.
 “She bears one of the Grandmasters!” Kolram said.
The girl nodded at him with her pointy green chin. "Oi, burnt boy. You feel Zaburn's Connection Spell as well, don't you?"
She wasn't one to waste time bandying words.
"Zaburn cast the Connection spell?” Then suddenly, it came flooding back into Kolram and Wayden’s collective memory. When he and Solita were in Dark Fist, Zaburn had muttered some words- a Connection spell. Had he known what was to come? He was friends with Mavik’s host Jijari.
“So you do host one,” the girl asked. “Kolram right?”
“Aye," Wayden answered. "Which mage is inside of you?"
The girl spat out a wad of half-chewed red leaves. "Kolram’s ex-fiancé, Nadra."
 “Source help us,” Kolram said.
Nadra, the grandmistress of Fire-Whisperering, whom Kolram had jilted. Any hope of acquiring an ally disappeared like a stone skipped across a mire.
The girl uncorked a water skin and held it to Wayden's chapped lips. Her fingers had tiny suction cups on their ends.
She's caring for me? Is this some sort of a trick? Trick or not, the water felt blissfully good, though half of it dribbled down his chapped lips and onto his chest. He suckled the water skin. Could this be an unlikely ally? 
Wayden swallowed. Now that his thirst was quenched, his hunger intensified, his mouth watering at the scent of roast meat. "How did you know I hosted Kolram?"
"You were casting a Beast Tongue spell on the horse when we captured you." The girl pulled out hardtack and fed Wayden a bite. "And my father’s magic-finder said so."
"Your father?"
"The Skymaster. I'm Alaina Skydaughter." 
The spark of hope that had been rekindling in Wayden's heart was blown out with those words.
Alaina screwed up the corner of her mouth, as if appraising a questionable piece of meat. "You look just like your brother. Well, except the burn mark.”
Wayden tried to sit upright until the ropes reminded him of his bounds. "Mavik! You know Mavik?"
Alaina brushed a tangle of red and green hair behind her pointy ears. "He's a prisoner in our slave camp. He just painted a picture for my father. He seems healthy enough, though a bit scrawnier than you.” 
Mavik is alive! He felt as if somehow everything else that was going wrong just didn't matter. His brother was alive!
 “Your father’s there too, though...he’s…”
“He's what?” Wayden felt, dread coiling in his chest. Was his father crippled? Dying?
“Well, you may be a bit disappointed with him. He's been with the slave camp a long time and has gained rank by helping us out."
A traitor. Crippled or dying would have been better. 
Alaina pressed another bite of food against Wayden’s lips. As her skin touched his, Wayden Glimpsed his father, disheveled and with a bent back, standing with the other Sky Raiders, holding a whip, a rat upon his shoulder. He spat out the tack. It was too hard to swallow. "My father...is... a collaborator?"
Alaina turned sideways to stare at the tethered dragon. Shadows played off her high cheekbones. "A lot of slaves want to gain rank, but only your father was picked. It's considered an honor." 
A shooting star zoomed across the sky. The night sky seemed to be crashing in on Wayden. Wayden laughed a maniacal chuckle. "An honor. An honor." 
"We're all a victim to the crowd we fall in with," Alaina said, offering Wayden another bit of tack.
Wayden didn’t bite this time. "Is that how you justify it? Keeping slaves? Kidnapping people? That you fell in with the wrong crowd? Is that how you sleep at night?"
Alaina narrowed her eyes and threw the jerky to Harth, who just sniffed at it. "I sleep at night by closing my eyes and laying my head on the soft goose-feather pillow my father gave me. Will your sanctimoniousness help you sleep tonight? All you Red-Landers think you are so much better. But are you? With your Mantu servants? How free are they?"
Mantu servants weren’t the same as Gar Skymaster’s slave camps. Still, Wayden wasn't going to argue away what might be his opportunity to gain an ally. He bit back the urge to retort and said, "You’re right."
Alaina turned away. “No. No, I’m not. When I’m Skymistress, the slaves will be freed. The old Sky Raiders never kept slaves, back in the days when they worshipped the Wolf Woman.”
“Will I be brought to the slave camp with my father and brother?” Wayden asked. The image of the watercolor Mavik had painted flitted through his mind, the vulture with a knife for a beak standing guard over fingerless magi slaves. “What do they have planned for us?”
"He's gathering magi for some ceremony the Dracon is conducting on Three Moons' Night." 
"Like the ceremony that killed Nadra."
Alaina looked away, shadows playing off her face. Finally she said, "I don't know what the Dracon has planned. My father won't talk about it."
Shouts and laughter erupted from near the bonfire. 
"I met another like us―Arth's host.”
“Arth- he was one of the few Grandmasters that could compete with Nadra for the highest cell in the Tower of the Loons,” Alaina answered. A skywolf howled from over by the pine grove. 
 "Aye, he was mad enough to study Soul-stealing, a type of wraith magic. That's what Dakarth and the Dracon used on Nadra and the other. The souls traveled like mists and entered babies born on Three Moons' Night. You were born on Three Moons' Night, am I right? You host one of the souls your father is selling for an outlandish profit."
"What are you saying? You think my father would sell me?”
"He's going to take the magi from us with his sharp blue knife. His knife is blue isn't it? When were young my brother Mavik painted a watercolor prophecy- a vulture with a blue beak, dripping with blood. We didn’t know what it meant at the time. The Dracon is paying handsomely for each mage you say? Let me ask you this. Does your father love you more than gold?" 
Alaina’s golden eyes quivered. "I'll listen to no more of your lies." She turned back into the night.

-<>- 

Skarak and Desha snored loudly. Too loudly. Mavik was afraid some patroller might hear them. Slipping kava root into the wine when they weren't looking had been simple. Emerelda fetched them meat and added the root powder to their wine.
"Does something taste different about this wine?" Desha had asked.
"All human wine taste like donkey piss," Skarak replied. He chugged down the goblet and turned to Emerelda, "More."
Three goblets of wine later, Mavik was getting nervous. They were out of the sleeping root. Desha had drifted off, but Skarak was still awake. He stumbled over to Desha and shook him. "Come on. Gar will have our fingers... he finds out ...we sleeping."
The Ozac himself then slumped over; his huge gray head resting on the Tulkarian's shoulder. His mouth opened wide, producing the loudest snores Mavik had ever heard. 
Mavik was tempted to slit their throats as they slept. He still had nightmares of Skarak's mace coming down and crushing his poor nanny's skull. And Desha bragged incessantly about firing the arrow into Mavik’s mother. The Sky Raiders deserved to die, but Mavik was worried if he tried to kill them, they would awake.
"The effects of the kava come quickly, but won't last long,” Laeko had told them. “You'll have to run as fast as you can." 
So they ran against the cold, biting wind that sailed across the icy plains, whistling through the scrubby pines and boulders that dotted the valley. His heart pounded and his fingers were so cold that he didn’t think he’d feel it when they’d chop them. So far, he heard no sounds of pursuit, only the wind howling across the plains. They came to a twelve foot, headless statue of the Weaver which lay on its side in the snow. 
Emerelda stopped him. “Do you be hearing something?”
He listened: the snort of a wolf, male voices, and footsteps crunching across pine needles and ice. Mavik motioned for them to hide behind the huge broken statue. A Sky Raider foot patrol approached. The patrol was walking in their direction. 
"Wraithin' cold tonight," a Sky Raider said.
"Wraithin’ cold every night."  It was Mavik's father.
 Mavik chewed his lip. He decided to risk a peek through the stone legs of the broken statue. His father and a blond-haired Sky Raider were heading straight towards them. They would soon spot Mavik and Emerelda. His mouth felt dry.
Then Kelsen froze in mid step. His eyes caught Mavik's. His father had seen them. He and Emeralda would be captured and lose a finger each. Kelsen and Mavik seemed to study each other for a moment. Mavik could see the evaluating eyes, the choice being weighed. Whether or not to turn his own son in. 
But to Mavik’s amazement he didn’t. 
"Hey. Did you hear something? Over there." Kelsen pointed away from them, out towards the pine forest. “I heard voices. An escaped slave?”
"We had better go check it out," the blond Sky Raider said. “I’ve been wanting a fresh finger.”
They headed towards the evergreens. 
“My father saw us,” Mavik said. “He saved us.”
“I knew he can’t be all bad,” Emerelda said. “He be fathering you after all."
Warmth flushed across Mavik's face despite the cold. As they continued their journey towards Dark Fist, the wind kicked up a spray of ice, but running kept them warm. Mavik's legs felt like iron and Emerelda's breathing grew ragged.
 They crossed an icy lake upon which they skated more than ran. When they could run no more, they walked. Then a wolf howl made them rush again. At the lake’s edge, the ground spiked upwards. The air felt cold and dry in Mavik’s mouth. They struggled up the icy hill. For every step forward, they seemed to slide two steps back. They had to tread diagonally, digging foot holes as they went. When they at last reached the summit, he could see the anvil ahead.
Emerelda was looking back. "They be comin' fer us."
 She pointed at the sky behind them. Four skywolves flew in front of the orange and yellow moons, gliding towards them. Mavik gripped Emerelda’s frozen hand, and they increased their pace to a sprint.
Emerelda panted. “Yah... Hold on tight... to me fingers. Don't let 'em... take 'em.” 
The thought of them cutting off Emerelda's fingers was more than Mavik could bear. His legs felt like giving out, yet he pushed them on faster, muttering a prayer from his childhood: "Darius protect us, guide us, let our fires burn bright inside us."
The bitter wind swept up a spray of snow. Mavik felt a tug, the Connection Spell. It emanated from the earth itself, from the Weaver's World. Was there another soul host below their feet? Could the Source be leading them underground because he needed to find him or her?
As they drew closer to the Anvil, the beating of the Heart Stone grew louder, deeper, more resonant. Mavik didn’t need to look in the water to know danger was coming. Terrible danger.
 The ice beneath his foot broke off, and he fell on his belly, sliding down the steep, slippery hill, towards the base of the Anvil. His head was on a direct trajectory towards the huge obsidian rock. He grasped for a handhold, digging into the hard packed snow. He twisted himself, to try to stop himself. Emerelda was sliding too, behind him. The huge rock wall seemed to be growing larger and larger, his own body would be the ore to be hammered on this anvil. 
He twisted, clawing at the ice. He extended his feet to cushion his crash. His legs pushed into the rock. Something slammed into his back. The Sky Raiders, he thought, but then he saw tufts of blonde hair and a vine tattoo. Emerelda gave him a sheepish wave. Mavik put his finger on his lips and they came away bloody. His legs were sore. But they were alive. They were free! For now. A skywolf howl pierced the air, sounding too close for comfort.
Mavik and Emerelda helped each other clamber to their feet. He shook snow from his mane of red hair. Mavik ached from head to toe.
"Can you open the passageway?" Mavik shouted over the howling wind.
Guardian snakes glowed on Emerelda’s fingers. She touched the Anvil with her Guardian magic, but nothing happened. "Er, did the Source show ya how I is doing it? Cause, I right don't know."
Mavik took Emerelda's hand and guided it against a crack in the stone. "In my vision, you placed your hand here." In contrast to the cold, her skin felt like fire.
"Let go of me hand." 
Mavik felt blood rush into his cheeks. He’d been too bold. "I-I I’m sorry."
Emerelda must have noticed his embarrassment. "You ain't bothering me. I just need be summoning the energy snakes. I don't want yer hand bit, is all."
“I wasn't bothering her,” Mavik thought, his heart reversing course from its plummet, and just as speedily rocketing back up towards the stars. “Does that mean she liked me touching her?”
"Sky Raiders are coming to remove your fingers and you are worrying about this?" Jijari asked. "The sins of the flesh will blind.”
Emerelda studied the rock, running her fingers over the space Mavik had shown her. The howls were even closer. Mavik chewed his lip.
Emerelda lifted her hands, spreading her fingers. "By the Order of the Gold, be lettin’ us in from the cold." She winked at Mavik. "See? I be talkin' fancy when I needs to."
The Glowing amber snakes slithered towards the center of her palm, gathering to spin in rapid circles, before peeling off one by one and burrowing into the Anvil. A sound like a sigh came from the rock, which glowed for a moment, and then rumbled, a hole sliding open, until it formed a large doorway. 
"We better hurry."
Through the doorway, by the light of the moons, he could make out an obsidian ramp. As the passage curved, the light of the moon diminished. Emerelda summoned Guardian snakes to help light the way, for even a dim light was better than stumbling in pitch darkness. He could hear the distant thumping of the Heart Stone grow louder as they walked further into the blackness. Then a rushing sound erupted from behind them and Wayden could smell the breath of a skywolf.
	Mavik caught a glimpse of their pursuers: Desha with his bow, the blond haired Sky Raider gripping a spear, and Kelsen with a net. If Kelsen had really tried to save them before, it seemed he must have been forced into helping the Sky Raiders recapture them now. 
Emerelda threw up a Guardian shield, blocking the passage, just as Desha’s arrows shattered against it. 
Desha shouted over the crackling energy. "Drop the shield, girl, and we’ll leave yer fingers." 
That was a lie. They always took at least one finger. Mavik and Emerelda scrambled through the doorway. He looked for a way to close the door behind them, to lock the raiders out, but saw neither hinge nor knob. 
"Me Shield won't last long. Come on," Emerelda said. "We best be moving."
The amber light of Guardian snakes illuminated only so much and Mavik cursed as he stubbed his toes on a stalagmite. Behind them they could hear the pounding of the mace, and the fizzle of the shield. Damage was already evident, holes big enough to stick a finger through. 
The Guardian shield crumbling reminded Mavik of when their manor had been attacked by the Sky Raiders. They had built a barricade in front of the door, but Skarak had bashed through that barrier as clearly as he was making way past this one. 
"Can't you cast a stronger Guardian shield? The one around Asgaroth lasted a thousand years."
"Do I be lookin' like Centuron to you? It be takin' a specially strong spell to make a lastin' Guardian Shield. And Centuron had to use blood magic, blood from each branch of magic."
They ran as quickly as they could manage in the dimly lit corridors. They wove between stalagmites that sprung up like teeth from the damp cavern floor. Mavik was beyond tired, but he forced his legs to continue forward.
For a notch they heard no sounds of pursuit. Had the shield held them after all? The corridor changed from rough stone to smooth metal. Mavik had never seen so much steel. An army of smiths and a mountain of ore must have been employed, or some lost art of metal magic. 
The passage was lit by something similar to glow stone, except they were glazed and set in the ceiling at regular five foot intervals. If they were lamps, they had no wick or oil. Perhaps they were Glower magic of some sort.

Echoes of footsteps and yells interrupted Mavik’s reveries. Their pursuers had broken through the shield after all. He willed his legs to sprint, but the tiredness of running through snow had taken its toll, and his legs only managed an insufficient stagger. The darkness slowed their pace as well. The Sky Raiders had no Guardian magic to light their way, but likely had torches or a lantern. They would be caught within moments.
"Please Darius, keep her from harm," Mavik prayed. "You can take me, just leave her."
"Child, the Source can help you, but it will not grant you wishes, only wisdom."
Their footsteps clanged against the metal grate as they raced down the corridors. The sound of Sky Raiders footsteps clanged behind them only moments later. They were as good as caught already. The biggest question was, would they take a finger or smash a skull?
There was a juncture, one corridor muddy, the other Mavik. Mavik saw a chance. He whispered his plan to Emerelda. They left footprints leading one way in the mud and then removed their muddy shoes and raced the other way. With any luck the Sky Raiders would follow the wrong trail.
They passed through another chamber with a junk pile of rusted shields and armor. The armor had shattered glass visors and metal backpacks built into them. A strange rusted metal carriage lay on its side, split in the middle. 
Clanging footsteps and Skarak's deep voice sounded in the distance. “This can’t be right,” Desha said. “Look their footprints disappear. It’s a trick.”
Mavik's heart sank. That had been their last hope. Emerelda threw up another Guardian Shield, but it was weak looking with large patches. It wouldn’t slow them long. 
They hurried down the corridor. The ground changed back to stone, and then to mud as the corridor snaked lower. 
They rounded a corner, and stepped into another cavernous room, this one traversed by an underground stream. Stalactites hung from the ceiling, red with minerals, like bloody teeth in a monster's maw. Mavik saw no exit.
"A dead end?" Mavik despaired. "What game is the Source playing with us now?"
"You must climb the cliff," Jijari asked.
"You wish to discuss mountain climbing? Now?"
"You are so high up, but you have to let go. Trust the rope. Have faith in it."
"And if it doesn't hold?"
"It will. It does. It has to."
"Let's see if we can find a secret passageway," Mavik said.
“Already on it,” Emerelda said, “But no luck so far.”
Emerelda was poking her fingers into crevices, using Guardian magic, seeking a secret door, with increasing desperation. Sweat glistened on her brow and curse words spewed from her mouth that made Mavik’s cheeks flush. The metallic clanging of footsteps and angry voices echoed in the distance.
Mavik felt like his bones had jellified. Emerelda mumbled to herself as she searched for a secret door, “The wraithin Source lead us here? Scagazi-humping Splashers with their wraithin' prophecies.”
He was stupid. This wasn’t how this was supposed to have worked. He meant to save Emerelda, not get her lovely fingers chopped off. The Source had betrayed him.
"Mavik," Desha's leathery voice called from the darkness. "You're making Skarak angry. You don’t want that, do you?"
Mavik’s heart sank. They were trapped.
"Skarak want to teach bad boy lesson," Skarak said.
"Now, now Skarak,” Desha said. “I'm sure Mavik will be a good little slave, like his father, and give himself up. Won't you Mavik? Maybe you can join your father? Rise up in our ranks. Things will be better for you if you do."
Mavik held his breath.
Desha's voice called out again, closer now. "Come on, Mavik. Don't be like that. We'll send your pa to fetch you. If you come back with Rat peacefully, we'll let you choose which finger."
That was another lie. No slave was given a choice when facing the chopping block. Desha probably knew that Mavik would see through the lie. What Desha was really telling Mavik was that his own father was coming first, and whatever trap Mavik had planned, Kelsen would spring it. 
However, there was no need. Mavik had no trap, no clever plan, no ploy, and no hope. Why couldn't he have been the host to a useful wizard like a Digger mage? Then he could seal the tunnel behind him. Or a Glower magic could blind the Sky Raiders, a Fire-whisperer send a kiss of flame. Arth could suck their souls, Kolram would bring some sort of animal to help them, and a weather mage shock them with lightning. He had nothing. He was nothing. All he could do was know something bad was coming, and that there was nothing he could do about it. He needed no water to tell him that. 
Kelsen drew closer. Mavik made out his hunched silhouette approaching. "Come on, Son, be smart. Surrender. They'll show mercy."
"Mercy, mercy, mercy," the corridor echoed back.
A third lie. There was no mercy.
Kelsen rounded the corner, clutching his net. His father looked even more haggard than normal. His pet rat peeked out from the pocket of his robe, staring at Mavik with two pink eyes.
 Two paces back followed Desha, Skarak, and the blond Sky Raider. Desha had an arrow nocked and Skarak, a rusty iron mace. The blond Sky Raider clutched his spear. Kelsen shifted from foot to foot, and wouldn't meet Mavik's eyes. Mavik had nothing but a handful of water. 
At least Emerelda could cast her shield. She formed one now, as the Sky Raiders approached. Her face looked strained and tired in the amber, writhing light. "I can't be holding them fer long. Any ideas? What about Jijari- she be any help? She be seein' anything about this in the water?" 
The water, why didn't he think of it earlier? He knelt down and gazed into the stream. He placed his hands into the brook. He felt a pulse, a vibration in the ground. The ground split open and a hole formed. The water glided through the growing aperture, a newborn waterfall.
As the opening expanded, a surge of hope coursed through him. Perhaps this was their salvation. This was what the Source intended them to find. Here was a secret door, right here in the water, opening upon his touch. The streambed vibrated and churned as the hole widened. Mavik smiled. Everything would be all right. A singular sense of salvation elating him. This was bliss. Like Jijari had felt at the Blessings of the Water ceremony, after three days of fasting and vision seeking. She was right. All he had to do was trust the rope.
Then a pincer-like hand burst right through the creek, and took him by the throat. 

Chapter 22 
The Seventh Rung

She can already cook a delicious lemon biscuit, and it turns out she is a rebel and a scholar? What else don't we know about her? – Verica
-<>- 

Verica rapped thrice in brisk succession. She tried the handle on Jazlyn’s door, but it was locked. 
Come on, Jaz. Please be home. What if I’m too late? She’d run all the way across the Red Palace and her heart raced like a jackrabbit pursued by a pack of scagazi. Had she been fast enough?
She knocked again. Come on. She heard a rattle of metal from behind her, and turned, half expecting to see Flickers approaching. It was just the wiry green Mantu chef, Ec, carrying a towering salver full of pots and dishes into the scullery.
Verica knocked as loud and hard as she could, bruising her knuckles.
"Who is it?" Ravenna’s voice called through the door.
"It’s me. Verica. Hurry, please."
Ravenna opened the door, her thin red eyebrows knit in concern. Org stood at her side. Jazlyn was stretched on the divan, leafing through a leather bound tome. 
"Hullo, Mouse," Jazlyn said, lowering the book onto her side table. "Any news?"
Verica rushed over to Jazlyn. "The guards are coming for you. We have to run! Now!" 
"What? Why?"
 “We don’t have time for what-whys-whose-how-do-you-dos.”
Jazlyn stood, looking a bit dazed. Ravenna seemed to grasp the immediacy of the situation quicker. She thrust Jazlyn's satchel into her hand. "Go mistress. I'll delay them. I'll tell them you went to...the arboretum...that ought to hold them off for a bit."
Verica grabbed Jazlyn's other hand and dragged her from the room and towards the main stairwell. Org followed after them. 
Jazlyn stared at him for a moment and then said, "No, Org. Mouse and I are going to go alone."
Org shook his head, his lip curled like a defiant toddler’s. "Org no leave Little Princess."
"You're sweet, Org,” Jazlyn said, “But Verica and I would be recognized if we were with you. If you want to help us, walk towards....what did Ravenna say... the arboretum. If they ask, we lost you in the glass gardens. That’s an order, Org."
Org went to one knee and bowed his boulder-sized head. "Org obeys."
Jazlyn kissed Org’s leathery cheek. There was a hint of salty moistness on it.
Org placed his hands flat against each other, in the manner of the Sunken Shaman. “Good-bye, Little Princess. May the Source protect you.”
Jazlyn’s protector lumbered away, down the eastern corridor. 
"Come, every moment we waste might mean our freedom." Verica grabbed Jazlyn’s hand, and dashed towards the main stairwell. 
They reversed course, when the sound of clinking armor echoed up the winding passage. They headed east, but were dismayed when the sound of approaching soldiers came from there as well. Verica could use her shadow magic to escape, but Jazlyn would be caught. 
“The scullery,” Verica whispered.
"This is no time for a snack," Jazlyn snapped.
"Does being a Princess make you stupid or is your tiara restricting air flow to your brain?” Verica asked. “We can hide in there till the guards leave." 
 Jazlyn followed Verica into the kitchen. 
Verica spoke in the Red Tongue as they entered the kitchen. "Your father is sending people after you and any remaining mages they haven’t yet detained. Even the Draconess and Dade! You're going to be a part of a sacrifice at temple Dark Fist.”
“You aren’t serious?” Jazlyn said.
"Yes, and they Dracon saw me spying. We are both probably going to be killed. I'm glad we're hiding in a scullery. I'm famished. Don't shake your head at me. You try keeping shadow form for that long and then running to try to save your ungrateful friend, who won’t even let you eat a teensy little snack."
Ec stared at them, her bulbous eyes intense swirls of gold and black. Jazlyn pulled aprons and hats off a rack of servant's apparel.
Jazlyn said to Ec slowly in the common tongue, "Verica and I want to pretend to be your assistants. Some of the Flickers are playing with us, so if they come in, say you haven't seen us."
Jazlyn and Verica threw on the servant aprons and bonnets over their dresses and flowered hair. Ec stared at them, with a skeptical expression. 
"Okay that was a lie,” Jazlyn said. “The truth is we’re in trouble, Ec. Please, don't tell anyone we’re here. Please promise. It's very important."
Ec spoke fluently in the Red tongue, "Don't let them see your face."
Jazlyn's jaw dropped, mirroring the astonished feeling washing over Verica. Ec winked a leathery eyelid. The Mantu picked up a rolling pin and began to work a lump of floury dough. The door squeaked open. Verica and Jazlyn turned around and pretended to be cutting vegetables.
The voice of Royal Companion Oz Strongfist bellowed, "Mantu, we search for the Dracon's daughter. Have you seen her?"
Ec slapped the dough down, keeping her back to the Dragonknight. "This one not see, Master."
Strongfist's footsteps drew closer to Verica. “How about you servant girl, did you see the Dracon’s daughter?"
Verica smelled his sour breath. Her shoulders tensed tight as a bow string. She shook her head.
Strongfist stepped even closer. His breath smelled of raw onions. "Look at me when I’m talking to you, wench.” 
His voice threatened violence. If she turned, the Royal Companion would recognize her.  If she didn’t he would grab her and turn her forcibly. Should she run for it? She could throw a hot pot of boiling oil in his face and race off. So all she needed to do was find a pot of boiling oil and then ask Strongfist to help pour it on herself. She was about to turn into wraith form when Crow's voice called from across the hall. "They're in the arboretum! Strongfist, come."
Strongfist’s footsteps moved away from her. The door closed with a clang and breath returned to her lungs.
Thank you, Source. 
"Ec,” Jazlyn squeezed the Mantu’s webbed hands. “You know the Red Tongue.”
"What I know might surprise you, Child. There is a trap door that leads to a storage room. You must exit that way." Ec pulled open a wooden trapdoor in the corner, hidden behind a barrel. "The ladder is missing the seventh rung. Be careful. Go straight when you get to the bottom and tell the fat baker with the shaven head, Cyreves, that I sent you. Ask him to hide you in the Cubby. I'll meet you down there with Ravenna. We'll find a way to get you out of here."
"Cyreves?" Verica asked.
Ec shooed them. "He’s part of the resistance. Go."
"I can't believe she speaks the Red Tongue," Verica thought.
"Why did you assume she wouldn't be capable?" Lukor said.
"Well, usually people in the lower caste aren't learned. I mean she can already cook a delicious lemon biscuit, and it turns out she is a rebel and a scholar? What else don't we know about her?" 
Verica shook her head. Her whole universe had already been turned upside down a few times today. She hoped the day didn’t hold any more surprises. She climbed through the trapdoor, feeling her way past the missing rung. 

-<>-

Wayden stepped clear as Isel’s skywolf descended. There he was, yet another ghost from his nightmares. The one-eared sky raider who had torched his mansion on back of a wolf with long black and silver wings. He had yet to see the Ozac who killed Nanny or the Tulkarian that shot the arrow into his mother. An elderly witch had told him they and his own father had been amongst the ones hunting Mavik. Wayden prayed they wouldn’t find him. Wayden had asked about his father, but the more he found out, the more it seemed Alaina had told the truth about it. His father was a traitor.
It was Wayden’s second day in the slave camp, though it felt more like he'd been there two millennia. How had Mavik stood it for so long? And after eight years, why had he chosen now to run? It couldn’t be just coincidence. Mavik must have found out about the Dracon's plans for Three Moons' Night. Wayden would run too, if they hadn’t doubled the guards. Now Wayden would be taking Mavik's place for the sacrifice.
“I can’t believe I just missed him,” Wayden thought to himself, over and over. 
 Wayden had not been able to restrain his tears when he’d learned he missed Mavik by a mere half-a-notch.
 The elderly witch, a woman named Laeko, had told him, "Your brother has escaped with a young blonde-haired girl, a Guardian mage."
"A Guardian... Solita!” Kolram sobbed.
If he’d been captured a day earlier, perhaps he could have escaped with Mavik and Solita's host. Or if Wayden hadn't been captured at all, perhaps Mavik would have found his way to him. Instead fate had simply switched their places, but they were just as separated as ever. 
“Let us be glad our loved ones escaped our fate,” Kolram said. Beneath the Grandmaster's words, Wayden sensed Kolram’s disappointment was as deep as his own. 
 Wayden had asked Laeko if he could follow after Mavik, but the Strand Prophet shook her head.  "Only a Guardian can use Centuron's door. And there are too many guards now. Do not worry, the Source has a plan for you. My prophecies show you entering Dark Fist from above, not below.”
 “The Weaver worries me the most of all,” Kolram said, “What scheme is she plotting?” 
Isel forced Wayden onto his skywolf. “Get on the skywolf, boy. The Skymaster wants to talk to you.” 
Two burly Sky Raiders pulled Wayden off the wolf and forced him onto his knees before Gar’s Eagle Throne. The Skymaster turned his shaven head towards Wayden and glared at him with his tiny eyes.
 A scar ran from Gar’s necklace to the base of his ear. Wayden knew the story behind that wound. A Flicker’s blade cut Gar’s throat, as Gar fled the Red Palace after murdering Baltoo.  Blood poured from the wound, yet still Gar lived. How he’d survived had been the subject of speculation. Belza thought he must be a descendant of an Immortal to have withstood such a blow. Gar had never boasted of such a heritage, that Kolram had ever heard. However Gar had survived, survive he did. He flew off on a winged wolf, laughing as the blood fell from him like a hot rain.
The bonfire danced and shifted in the wind. Wayden was thrown to his knees before the triad of golden thrones. Wayden had met Gar and Nadra’s host, but the sky wife was unfamiliar. She looked as muscular and lean as Gar himself. Her long blue hair was lifted by the wind revealing an ugly swollen bruised eye. 
Next to them, stood a dozen leather-clad Sky Raiders, black cloaks flapping like flags of darkness. Goat stood with them. Wayden just needed the Ozac and the Tulkarian and he would have them all. He just needed someone to untie his bonds. Vengeance was his. Sort of. Not really.
"Do not despair," Kolram said. "The Source has led us here for a reason."
Wayden strained against the ropes, but his old enemy, the hempen rope, stayed tight around his wrists, preventing any suicidal attempts at vengeance. 
 “Kolram’s host,” Goat said, his voice thick with contempt. His mask was a clumsy representation of a goat that had often featured in Wayden’s nightmares. Wayden had thought it was truly a goat man who had abducted Mavik all those years ago. Instead, it was just a man wearing a gray, lacquered wooden mask, with a long black beard and curved ram horns attached.
Goat had hands, not hooves, and they glowed yellow, an image of a white dragon dancing on his palms.
Gar asked Wayden, voice as cold as the winter wind, "Where is your brother? How did you help him escape?" 
Whatever Wayden had been expecting, it hadn't been this. "You think I know how Mavik escaped? That I helped him?"
Gar dug his blue knife into the gilded arm of his Eagle Throne. The chair was almost as scarred as its owner. 
"Don't play dumb with me."
"Fine, just as long as you don’t play paranoid with me."
Gar leapt from his throne and brandished his knife in front of Wayden's face. “Talk, Kolram! The truth!”
“He’s raging at Kolram through me,” Wayden realized.
 “He has grown even more unstable then when I knew him last,” Kolram said.
"All right, the truth...yes, this was our plan,” Wayden said. “I’d let you kill a Royal Companion, tie me to a tree, and take me prisoner so my brother could escape. I also planned for you to burn my house down, and I tricked you into killing my mother. If all goes well soon I'll trick you into stabbing me with that knife."
"It worked," Gar said, pressing the knife against the side of Wayden's cheek. "Don't be smart with me, boy. Kolram was always so sanctimonious. He was the good boy. Our Grandmaster made him his protégé, snubbing me, even though I was a thousand times the Beast Tongue Kolram could ever hope to be. That’s why I killed our beloved teacher, Baltoo. You should have seen the look on the old fool’s face when I ordered his own skywolf to eat him. Your brother won't get far. Your father, and some of my other men, are hunting down him down right now."
Wayden strained against the ropes again. "Face me like a man, coward. Untie me and let's fight this out once and for all, Beast Tongue against Beast Tongue."
"He’ll kill you.” Kolram said.
"I have a plan."
"Does it involve getting killed? If so, it's working brilliantly."
Gar slid his knife into its sheath. The leaf in Gar's gold armband seemed familiar to Wayden. "I have nothing to prove. I bested Kolram time and again."
Wayden sat up. "So you say, but have we seen it? I think you’re a lying heap of scagazi dung. You weren't Grandmaster. Kolram was, but you were too-"
Gar slapped Wayden's face hard enough that the world spun.  The dizziness of the spinning sky changed, as the Glimpse took hold. Wayden was Gar now.  The Skymaster was inside a stone chamber adorned with tapestries. He sat upon a divan, guards on either side of him. Crow and a quartet of Flickers stood before Gar. The Flickers were pouring out a large sack of coins into a cedar chest. Gar fiddled with his necklace. He never tired of the power he could feel vibrating inside of it.
Crow's voice was a whisper. "Please forgive me if this is an affront, but I must ask you this..."
"Spit it out, man."
"How do you feel about your daughter? Would you consider adding her to the harvest for an extra three thousand gold-bones?"
Gar stared at the chest of coins. "No."
"I apologize for even bringing it up," Crow said, holding up a black gloved hand. "She isn't necessary to our plans. I heard false rumors that you weren't happy with her."
"Five thousand," Gar said. He was going to have more coins than he knew what to do with. 
"Four is the highest I'm authorized to go."
Can’t be too greedy, Gar thought.
"Sold."
The memory faded. Wayden found himself back on top of the Nest, wind whipping at the Beacon which seemed to be aiming its smoke directly at Wayden.
"Alaina will be sold by her own father. I guessed as much."
"And Gar's power does indeed come from his necklace," Kolram mused. “Did you feel the power emanating from it?”
Gar turned to Isel and Goat. "Enough, our time is running out. We need to head to Dark Fist without the two escapees. Isel, take Alaina and the boy to Dark Fist. Goat, head down to the camp and make sure that everything is going alright with the shipping of the rest of the slaves."
Goat nodded and boarded his winged wolf.
"Tie the slave to Red Paw," Alaina ordered a Sky Raider.
Isel shook his head. “We’ll take my wolf.”
Two large Sky Raiders grabbed Wayden and bound him to the wolf's back. Alaina clambered on behind Wayden. Isel talked to Gar for a moment in hushed tones, before heading towards Wayden and Alaina. 
Wayden whispered. "You're a prisoner as much as I am. I saw the Glimpse. Your father sold you to someone called Crow for four thousand gold bones."
Alaina said nothing. Did she believe him?
Isel climbed onto the wolf’s haunches.
“Hee-yah!” he cried, and the wolf launched itself, spreading its long silver and black wings, catching a current of cold air.
 Dark Fist awaited. 
 
Chapter 23
A Leap of Faith

When the monsters bother me, I tell them to go away –Laurana
-<>- 


The pincer-like hand dragged Mavik into the creek, cold water engulfing him. He struggled against the hand.  The water from the brook poured through around the hole the scagazi was emerged from. Mavik’s windpipe felt like it might crack if the scagazi kept this pressure up. He couldn’t breathe. He grew dizzy, faint, seeing flashes of black and light.
An arrow whirred through the air, embedding in the scagazi’s wrist. Its grip loosened, and blessed air rushed into his lungs. Scagazis scurried through the hole in the creek bed. Mavik and Emerelda found themselves in the center of a circle of the monsters. 
One of the scagazi, swatted its neck, as if stung by a bee, until a second arrow lodged in its throat. It let out a gurgle and slumped onto its back, its white blood clouding the stream water. 
“One down,” Desha said, nocking another arrow. 
	A second scagazi lunged forward. The tips of its claws struck Guardian magic, amber sparks crackling upwards as if from a campfire. The beast’s pincers pounded the shield again. A gap about an inch wide opened in the shield. A third blow widened it further. 
 Emerelda’s forehead was dappled with beads of sweat. “I can’t be holdin’ this.”
The scagazi stuck its hand through the gap in the shielding, clutching Emerelda’s neck. Then, a thwooping sound, and it slumped forwards, arrow protruding from its back.
"Now, I owe Desha two," Mavik thought. 
"You owe him two arrows, on that much we agree," Jijari said.
"I thought Sunken Shamans were supposed to be forgiving?"
"For such as Desha there can be no repentance. Let the krakens have him." 
A scagazi hurled itself at Emerelda. She made circles with her hands, amber vines forming a web of frozen sunlight. The scagazi hissed, as it bounced off the ambient light. The scagazi soon recovered and clawed at it. The Guardian coils shriveled, another hole widening in the new shield. 
A whirlpool of dirt formed beneath Mavik’s father. Two scagazi hands gripped Kelsen’s legs and yanked. His eyes bulged and his face went white. His hand grabbed at the rocks and dirt, his fingers digging tiny trenches. Then he was gone. 
 “The bugs got Rat,” Skarak said.
 “I should be happy he’s dead,” Mavik thought. He tried to shut his emotions into a box, but found they wouldn’t go. It was like trying to hold the ocean in a tiny cup. Tears ran down his face. 
Skarak’s mace crushed a scagazi’s skull, at the same moment a scagazi snapped the blond-haired Sky Raider's neck, while Desha parried a scagazi charge, using his bow to trip the monster. Desha’s bow snapped and he cursed as he discarded the remains of the broken weapon. He unsheathed a jagged dirk. A monster charged Desha. For a moment they seemed to be hugging, but then the tip of Desha's dirk protruded through the monster’s back, white fluid leaking from its tip. The creature sank to the floor and Desha’s cloak was drenched in white blood.
Desha grinned wide. "I got us a kebab for dinner, Skarak."
"Less talk, Pretty Boy, more fight!" Skarak bellowed. A scagazi bit into Skarak’s wrist, and the Ozac let out a roar. The gray behemoth dropped his mace and grabbed the scagazi, lifted him with both hands, and brought him down upon the tip of a pointed stalagmite. 
The Sky Raiders had lost two so far, the scagazi a dozen, but the scagazi still outnumbered them three to one. Whoever triumphed, thug or bug, Emerelda and Mavik would be their next target. 
Emerelda appeared to be thinking something similar. "We need to be gettin' outta here. Look."  Emerelda pointed at the burrowed hole in the stream bed, from which one of the scagazis had emerged. 
The water from the brook spiraled through it, then poured into a chamber below. Mavik peered down the hole. He gauged the distance as the same as dropping from a mid-sized tree. Would they survive the fall? Even if they did, wouldn’t they be trapped down there? 
"The Source led you here for a reason,” Jijari said. “Don’t you see? This is where you are meant to go. A leap of faith.”
Mavik hoped she was right. No alternatives came readily to mind.
Emerelda reached a similar conclusion. "We be jumpin’ or dyin’." 
Mavik hesitated for a heartbeat. Then he leapt. 

-<>-

Alaina felt Isel’s breath against the back of her neck frills. Sandwiched between him and Wayden, she wondered which one to trust. She’d known Isel her whole life, but that experience had taught her only that he was her father’s toady. If her father had ordered him to give her flowers or a quick thrust of the sword, either way he’d do it. It all came down to her father. Was it beyond him to do this? 
“You know it’s not,” Nadra said. “Kolram was a fool, but your father is a beast.” 
 The wolf spread its wings, and launched itself from Mount Odesis, leaving behind the only home Alaina had ever known. If Wayden was right, it was the last time she would see it. It was the last day she would be alive. She watched the icy peak dwindle away. She clutched Wayden's arms as the wolf veered towards the distant temple. 
"Wayden is just trying to save his own skin," Alaina thought, as her wolf flew down towards the slave camp.
“No, He isn't, you little fool,” Nadra said. “Isel’s breathing is strained. His movements tense. You’re heading like a lamb to the slaughter. You have great faith in your father, but four thousand reasons not to trust him.” 
Four thousand ―the number she kept hearing- her father had said it to Laeko in the kennel. The weaver had named that figure. And now Wayden. Four thousand. The number the Woven Ones told her, when they prophesized that she’d needed to free the boy with the burnt face. 
She didn’t want to believe it. It was her whole life she'd have to give up. It wasn’t much of a life, but it was all she’d known. She’d never been anything but a Skydaughter. 
“What if I am just being paranoid? Maybe it’s just a misunderstanding. Maybe Wayden is in cahoots with the Weaver.”
 “There is a simple way to test Isel,” Nadra said, “See if he’ll let you go.”
She could make out the Anvil up ahead. I better do it fast before it's too late.
Alaina let out a groan and then waited a moment, and groaned again. “Isel... I am ill.”
“What’s the trouble Daughter Sky?” Isel asked, shouting over the wind. 
"My stomach. A sharp pain. I need to go back to the Nest and let the healer look.”
“Nay, your father says you’re to go to Dark Fist.” 
“He didn’t know…argh, my stomach. I would feel this …uggh…sick. I... have... a very sharp pain in my stomach. I need the healers to look at me. The healer told me if I get pains like this, I have to see him immediately. It is a matter of life and death.”
“Nonsense.” Isel’s voice sound stiff. “You just have a stomach ache. You’ll be all right.”
Alaina discreetly drew her blue-steel dirk. 
 “You warned him,” Nadra said. “You told him it was a matter of life or death.” 
		
-<>- 

Rif and Night were brought back through Deep Woods in the wagon. They barely stopped to sleep. Rif spent most of the wagon ride in tears, trying to keep himself from going mad.
"You should have killed them all," Belok said. "I told you. I told you in my secret whisper."
"Go away,” Rif thought. “We might not be in this mess if you hadn't killed Thunderstone."
"You should thank me for that,” Belok said. “In this world and the ones between it, it is eat or be eaten. If I hadn't killed him, he would have us.”
“Source help me,” Rif thought. “Make him go away.”
“There is no Source,” Belok said. “There is only the one with the quickest blade."
"Don't let him goad you, Rif,” Genika said, “Stay calm."
Stay calm, yes, but how? He kept seeing Thunderstone, Big Darius, and the girl in the pine grove, lying dead. There was the girl in Tulkar too- during the Blood Games. And the one by the well in the Mercy. She was so young, perhaps eight.
“How could I have done that?” Rif thought. “How could I have killed an eight-year old?”
"I'm ten and a half,” a girl’s voice spoke. He’d heard it before, but it had just been a whisper. Now it was as loud as a waterfall. “It wasn't your fault. Nice to meet you, by the way. I'm Laurana." 
Grief rushed through Rif, threatening to overwhelm him. "Oh, Primordial, forgive me. Oh Laurana, I'm so sorry. I can't forgive myself."
"There's nothing you can do about it. It's not so bad in here. We're never hungry or beaten. Anyway, you didn't kill me. It was Belok."
"You're comforting me? You should hate me."
"Some of the other girls in here do. But not me or Genika. What's done is done. That’s what my mama always said."
Other girls? How many were in there. Laurana says she forgave him, but he could never forgive himself. She was ten and would have no future except in the mindscape. She’d never kiss a boy, nurse a child, write a poem, or learn to play the flute. It had been him. It had been him all along. He tried to breath. He closed his eyes and let out a sob.
"Rif, Laurana is right,” Genika said, “When there is naught to do about the past, look to the future. Make sure this never happens again. You have to resist Belok. Only you can do it. You have to tell Belok no."
"When the monsters bother me,” Laurana said, “I tell them to go away."
"But I am the monster!” Rif thought, “Nothing matters anymore at least. They'll lock me up in a dungeon and then the Dracon will execute me."
"And how much worse wrongs will he inflict when Dracon Niar absorbs your powers?” Arth asked, “At least you have a conscience. You can’t let the Dracon win. You can’t."
Night patted Rif on the shoulder, misunderstanding his tears. 
 “Don’t despair,” Night whispered. “The Night shall rise. And we will sweep over this land and wreak our vengeance.”
Rif jerked away from her. "I don't want v-v-vengeance. I don’t want to kill anyone. I never wanted these powers, these souls. I’m a danger to everyone. It’s best if I’m k-k-killed."
“Rif, consider, you house eight other souls,” Genika said. “If you die, so do we. Don’t let go so easily. You must hold on. Don’t give in to Belok or the Dracon. Find the middle path. It’s the only way.” 
Rif had never thought of the fact that he was now a home for all the souls Belok sucked. He didn't know what sort of a life Genika and the others had inside of him, but they were alive. He had to try to live, for Genika, for Arth, for Laurana, for the other girls whose souls now resided inside him.
“How? How do I resist?”
 “Belok preys off your insecurity,” Genika said. “You must be resolute.”
When they reached the Red Palace the wagon was escorted across the red moat, a river of lava that encircled the palace. A portcullis was raised and Flickers and a magic-eater forced them though a labyrinth of stone corridors. 
Rif and Night were escorted in front of a door marked by a bronze plaque as the ‘Plague Room.' A magic-eater slithered by the door. Two Flickers stood guard, one tall, with mustachios and the other short, heavy, with a shaven head.
One of the Flickers who had brought them untied Rif’s bonds, saying, “For the Plague Room."
 The tall guard responded, "The plague of treason is spreading. Throw the prisoners in. And be none too gentle."
The short guard held up a hand, stopping the guard. “Wait. No need to throw them. And why 'none too gentle'?  I thought you were all refined and mannerly?"
"Oh, ask them politely, shall we?" A vein protruded from the tall guard's forehead. "These are prisoners of the Dracon. Traitors." 
The Flicker's head turned from one guard to the other, like a dog wanting to obey, but not knowing who to listen to.
The little guard rolled his eyes. "An old crone and a boy. They must have nearly thrown the Red Lands into ruins."
"This boy killed Sir Thunderstone."
"I would have liked to have seen that fight. What did he do, chew through his armor? Besides, I thought this was the Plague Room. Why do you want to throw a hardened murderer into a cell with innocent plague victims?"
The tall guard's face was wrinkled with anger. "Fine, we'll graciously welcome the traitors to their humble abode. Happy?"
 “Ecstatic.”
But the tall guard yanked Rif and Night from the Flicker and shoved them harshly into the dungeon.
The door slammed shut.
"It doesn’t matter," Rif thought. "No matter how nicely they let us into this room, it would still be a prison."
 It took a moment for Rif's eyes to adjust to the near darkness of the room. When they did, he half wished they hadn’t. Old, sad men and women leaned against walls, or sat on the dusty stone floor. A series of overflowing buckets with flies buzzing around them, served as the privy and the room's perfume.
"Rif? Is that you?" a voice called. Rif turned around and felt someone grab him: hair and softness- a woman's embrace.
"Rif! Rif! Oh, my sweet Possum!" 
Even in the dark Rif could recognize his mother’s voice, scent, and the feel of her arms enveloping him. Rif tasted the salt of tears running into his mouth, whether his own or his mother’s he couldn’t be sure.
"Oh, thank the Source, you're all right," his mother's voice was choked.
Rif sobbed on his mother's shoulders. He tried to think of the words to tell her. "How am I going to tell my mother, that I'm a murderer? How do I know that I won't black out and find Belok has murdered her?"
"You needn’t worry,” Belok said.  “I only like red-heads."

-<>-

Verica wrapped her red hair into a pony tail. She was going to need all the room she could get. She looked at the barrel. How many notches would she be stuck in it? 
 The storage room teemed with boxes, sacks and barrels organized by type and size. Through the walls she could hear men's voices and wolf howls from the nearby skywolf kennel. She was tired, tense, and in desperate need of a lemon biscuit. 
Jazlyn gestured towards the barrel. Her eyes were wide with disbelief. “You expect me to hide in there?” 
Cyreves the supply master, a heavy man with double chin and a shaven pear-shaped head, smiled toothily at Jazlyn. "Quickly. You will be getting in the barrel, please."
“How will we breathe― or― care for our bodily functions?” 
Cyreves held up his hands apologetically. "This one knows it’s not the most comfortable of accommodations, Your Highness, but you will be safe and this is most important."
Verica stepped into her cask. “Just get in Jaz. Hurry, before someone comes.”
The kegs were stacked in a wagon, which was scheduled to leave the Red Palace for Tulkar.
 Ravenna and Ec stepped in through a narrow side doorway, ducking their heads. "I've sent a pigeon to my brother. He'll take you somewhere safe.”
“Food,” Ec offered.
Jazlyn waved the lemon biscuit away.
"Can I have hers?" Verica asked, peeking up from her barrel.
"My cousin is going to help keep you hidden," Ravenna said, handing the biscuit to Verica. 
"Whiwuheduethaferus?" asked Verica, wiping the crumbs from her chin.
"Can you swallow your biscuits first, My Lady?" Ravenna asked.
Verica swallowed. "Why would he do that for us?"
"He's one of the Resistance," Ravenna explained. "The Fire Guard captured my mother and father for performing Glower magic. We protested, tried to get the government to see sense, but they were stubborn beyond reason. We began to suspect they were planning to do something with the magi. Ec is the leader of our movement. She’s a Splasher."
"There is a time for conversation and a time for hiding," Ec said, glancing at the door.
Jazlyn stared into the dusty, cobweb-filled cask. "I am going to be in this thing for how long?"
 "Look, Jaz,” Verica said, “You’re not a princess anymore. You’re a wanted felon. So, unless you want your father to hand you over to the Skymaster, get in. Every moment you stand here in the open, you risk everybody’s lives. So get in the wraithin’ barrel, or I’ll stuff you in head first."
Jaz looked taken aback, but climbed into the wobbly container. Verica huddled down in her own keg. The ceiling disappeared as the lid clunked down on top of her. Then all was darkness. She heard their footsteps leave. It was hard to breathe in the tight space. She should have asked Ravenna if she had any more biscuits.
They waited. 
"Why does time go so fast when you're doing something fun like playing mumbly ball, but creep along whenever you're uncomfortable?"
 “Time always flows the same speed,” Lukor said, “It is simply your perception of time that has transformed.”
“I know, but it's still driving me crazy.”
“Your brain is constantly engaged during a game of mumbly ball,” Lukor’s voice took on that pedantic tone that reminded Verica of her father. For some reason it was strangely reassuring to be lectured to. “Whereas when you are waiting, you're doing little else. The solution suggests itself that if you wish the perceived time to advance more quickly, you must busy your mind.”
“I see. Well, why don’t you tell me a bit about the wraiths then, while we’re waiting?” Verica asked, wondering if Asgaroth and Jazlyn were having a similar comforting conversation. Somehow she doubted it. According to Jazlyn, Asgaroth’s favorite conversations involved threats of tearing bones out of people’s bodies.
 “What is it that you would like to know?” Lukor asked.
“Are all wraiths like you?”
“No. Though we have a hive mind, we are individuals. Some of the wraiths aren’t even fully developed consciousness. Others, like myself have more forceful personalities. I must say, at the risk of sounding immodest, most wraiths are not as scientifically minded as myself.”
“Do you have children?”
“No. Wraiths are not born nor do we die.”
“Why would you want to be inside of me?”
“For the same reason you would read one of your fictional books. When you enter into someone else’s life, you get a glimpse of things you could not otherwise see. For a wraith like me, nothing could be more satisfying.”
“You’re weird.”
 The sound of clinking metal and approaching footsteps distracted Verica from Lukor's lesson. She made out Cyreves's voice and another familiar voice: one that gave her the shivers. A horrible intuition struck Verica. She turned into shadow form and clambered out of her barrel. Her foot caught on the rim and the keg rolled across the room behind her. She raced into the corner, just as Cyreves entered, accompanied by Crow, four Fire Guards, and a magic-eater. The magic-eater slithered towards the barrel Jazlyn was hiding in.
Crow pointed towards Verica’s empty container, lying sideways on the stone floor. “Where is Berik’s daughter?”
Cyreves's face paled. "This one doesn't know, Your High Holiness. She was in the barrel when I left, I promise you."
A Flicker opened the lid and a second guard lifted a struggling Jazlyn up. Jaz had picked up a few new curse words recently. It would have been funny, except it wasn’t. Her best friend was a prisoner now. They were going to sacrifice her, Ravenna’s parents, and countless other magi. They'd unleash Asgaroth upon the world and give the Dracon more power than even a responsible leader could handle, and the Dracon was anything but that. And there wasn’t a blessed thing Verica could do about any of it. 
Or was there? Part of Verica still believed that everything happened for a reason. The accident, her hosting Lukor, maybe it was all meant to be, was all leading somewhere. She was meant to do something- but what?
 A Flicker gagged Jazlyn and manacled her hands behind her back.
"Take her to the Plague Room," Crow said.
"Berik's daughter was in that empty barrel. She must have fled," Cyreves said. 
“She won’t get far,” Crow said. “Ember Tibbons, send out search parties.”
 The Ember nodded and departed.
"Now, my reward?" Cyreves asked.
Crow thrust the reward into Cyreve’s belly, and then pulled the dirk back out, slick with blood. Cyreves slumped to his knees. Verica stifled a scream. Crow stepped out of the way and let the supply master fall flat upon his face. 
Crow held up his blood-covered blade. “Paid in steel. Flicker Darius, clean this mess up.”
The Flicker looked pale-faced and ready to retch. 
Two other Flickers, meanwhile, were dragging a struggling Jazlyn out of the door. Verica would have followed, but Crow and an Ember stood directly blocking the doorway, discussing something in mumbled voices.  
“No, I’ve lost Jazlyn,” Verica thought. Tears streamed down her cheek. She never really had the chance to tell Jaz how she really felt about her. She felt that Jazlyn was more than just a friend. She was her soul mate. If Jazlyn died…no…she wouldn’t allow that to happen. There had to be a way to save her friend. 
After a notch, Crow and the Ember headed down a passageway, but by the time Verica reached the Plague Room, the Flickers had shoved Jazlyn into the Plague Room and an iron door clanged shut behind her. Verica felt her heart sink. How would she rescue her now?
"The Daughter Draconi a traitor,” The tall guard said. “Who would have thought it?"
The short one shook his head. "Were you born this dumb or did you have to work at it?"

Chapter 24 
A Good Death

A good death is better than a bad life- Jijari
-<>-  
				
The door slammed behind Jazlyn, as the floor flew unceremoniously towards her face. She threw her arms out, letting them take the impact, which they most painfully did.
 She pulled herself up, forbidding herself to cry. The Daughter Draconi does not weep. Her dress was adorned with caked mud. She wiped her hands off on it, lacking a hand towel. Her life style was going to take a rapid change for the worse, she realized sadly.
“You were a fool to allow yourself to be trapped like this,” Asgaroth said. “I told you they would betray you.”
Asgaroth’s words stung because they were true. The scent was abhorrent in the plague room and she felt instantly nauseous. It took a moment for her eyes to adjust to the dim lighting. None of the prisoners exhibited symptoms of any disease other than the one called hopelessness.  Their faces were free of boils and lesions, if not the sad hangdog looks of people without futures.
She recognized a few of the imprisoned magi.  There were Ravenna's parents, a pair of Glower mages. They used to put on shows when Jazlyn was little, creating flowers of light in the sky. Jazlyn would tell them Ravenna was alive and well, after she’d calmed herself enough to talk without bursting into tears. 
There was Doblin, a Digger Mage. Unfortunately, the magic-eaters would siphon off the Source energy, preventing Doblin from being able to burrow an escape tunnel. Jazlyn recalled how the earth mage had dug out the new chambers in the Red Palace. It was incredible to watch him work, whirling the dirt with the sheer power of the Source. And this was how her father rewarded him for his service. 
There was Belza the Beast Tongue and her acolytes. None of them had the plague, and how could anyone consider their magic unauthorized? They were in charge of caring for Volkanus. The dragon was ill, and they took the chief Beast Tongues into custody? Her father was crazed with his insatiable lust for power, to the point of blind recklessness. 
If she ever ruled the Drakindom, she would do things differently. For one thing she wouldn't throw innocent people in prison. She’d outlaw chokers, high heels, and lima beans. But before she could take her seat on the throne, there was the minor obstacle of escaping prison, overthrowing her father’s government, and convincing people about the lima beans.
“You jest like a fool, even without your friend Verica to egg you on,” Asgaroth’s said.
“Why, do you know any good bone-tearing jokes? I have to do something to cheer myself up.”
“How did the Silver Lady allow me to be placed with the likes of you?”
“It was by request? I asked do you have any bone-tearing immortals you could put inside me?”
“I never tore any bones.”
“What?”
“That was just a rumor to scare our enemies. The bones were already there that we used to erect the palace spires. I killed many though, have no doubt on that.”
“Why don’t we focus on finding a way out of here? Perhaps Doblin can help us with his Digger Magic.”
“They have a magic-eater in the vicinity. I can feel it siphoning away my Source energy.”
A white-haired witch, with a cross-hatch of scars on her face, approached Jazlyn. By her side was a purple-haired Tulkarian woman and her son who was Jazlyn's age.
The white-haired woman crossed her arms in a salute Jazlyn wasn’t familiar with, fists against her own chest. "I'm Night. Granddaughter of the Shadow Queen. She who shall rise again.”

-<>- 

A jolt of pain seared through Mavik’s legs, as he landed on the floor of the lower cavern. Water poured on him from the scagazi-created waterfall above. Battle yells echoed from above. There was fighting down here too. Screams and thumps from over on his left.  He could hear his father’s voice. Where was Emerelda? 
His stomach twisted. Had the scagazi gotten her? He scanned for her, but it was almost pitch black, and everything just looked like big rocks covered in shadows. 
"By the light of Guardians, illuminate," Emerelda voice resonated off the stone walls. Coils of light slithered on her palms. As Mavik’s eyes adjusted to the sudden light, he was relieved to see Emerelda was uninjured, but Kelsen was on the floor groaning. He had a scagazi on top of him, and the two of them were wrestling.
Emerelda grabbed Mavik's hand. "Come on, Mav. We gots to run."
But Mavik didn't move. He stared at his father. I should let him die, Mavik thought, but somehow he found himself charging at the scagazi. He bowled it over and he the scagazi rolled around struggling to gain advantage. The scagazi was strong, and Mavik found himself underneath its choking grip. He struggled to break free, but its grip was too strong.
Kelsen grabbed that scagazi, and threw it to the cavern floor. Kelsen's hands and arms were soaked red with his own blood as he grasped the scagazi in a choke-hold. Kelsen whispered, "Run, Mavik. I'll hold this one off. Run!"
"I―"
The veins in Kelsen’s neck bulged as he struggled to hold the scagazi down. "Let me do this one thing right. I wraithed all the rest up. Go.”
Kelsen's pet rat scurried to Mavik. Mavik scooped up the rodent.
Kelsen gasped, "Take care of her. I'm sorry, Mav. Now go."
The mouse burrowed into Mavik's pockets. Mavik tried to remember what his father had named the rodent. Spark. He had called her Spark.
“I forgive you,” Mavik said, a hot tear running down his cheek. Kelsen nodded slightly. His face was so pale.
Emerelda grabbed Mavik’s hand, raising her other hand aloft, to light the room. They raced into a passageway. Spark’s clawed feet dug against him, as the rodent squirmed in his pocket. Tears ran down Mavik’s cheeks. It wasn't so much that his father was dead, but the realization that at least for a moment, Kelsen had been truly alive once more.
Ahead, the floors were muddy and sloped downwards. The room filled with steam and grew hot. As they drew closer, Mavik could make out a stream of magma traversing the corridor thin enough to step over.
 "I got to rest. You be havin’ anymore water?" Emerelda's voice was raspy. They slumped onto a boulder. The warmth from the magma stream felt nice after a day of running through snow and ice.
 Mavik dug out his water skin from his cloak pocket, took a sip, and handed it Emerelda. She took a sip and handed it back to him. "We better be savin’ the rest. I be sorry about your father. It be hard." 
Mavik took the little rat out from his pocket. It was an albino, white fur with a pink nose.
Emerelda petted the rat's nose. "She be friendly little bugger.”
“Her name is Spark.”
“Spark be a good name for her. Maybe he named her that because he knew there be a spark of goodness left in himself. In all of us."
"Well, maybe not Skarak."
"Who knows, maybe even Skarak?"
"Just don't be getting yourself killed looking for it."
Mavik was glad it was dark here, so Emerelda wouldn't see his tears. Men weren’t supposed to, but that didn’t mean they didn’t need to at times. His heart had frozen a long time ago, but he could hear the emotional ice cracking, as the glacier that had formed in his heart all those years began to crumble.
“We best be movin’. Still not sure we ain’t bein’ followed. Wraithin’ hell, can’t seem to summon anymore Guardian energy.”
They inched slowly through a dark, muddy tunnel, marching to the beat of the ominous heart-like sound which vibrated throughout the corridors. They made most of their way by sense of touch. As they went farther down the tunnel, the floor dampened. The corridors descended steeply. They held on to crevices in the walls to stop from falling. 
The water level rose past their waists, and they became soaked as well as exhausted, but were able to refill their water skins at least.  Then the tunnel spiked upwards. At times they had to scramble for handholds because the ascent was steep. Then the corridor leveled out but began to curve, coiling, and swerving left and right, until Mavik had lost all sense of direction.
Exhaustion overtook them and they had to rest again. Hopelessness swept through him. Would they ever find a way out of this maze? Was there even one to be found? No slaves had found a way into the Lair of the Weaver, why should they be able to find a way out?
“Faith,” Jijari whispered.
He unwrapped the food they’d brought with them, scraps of bread and hard tack. They ate only half, though they were still starving when they put the food away. He leaned against Emerelda and closed his eyes for a moment. 
Just for a moment.

-<>- 

"This is beyond outrageous! I am the Draconess! I order you to release me. I will have your heads pickled for this."
The mustachioed guard shook his head. “Well, Your Majesty ought to have thought of that before she plotted to overthrow her lord husband, hadn't she?" 
Jazlyn rushed to the Draconess, remembering how it felt when she’d been shoved in. “Stepmother. Let me help you.”
The iron door clanged shut, as Jazlyn and the Tulkarian boy, Rif, helped the Draconess to her feet. There was a hint of sympathy in his sad smile. Jazlyn had grown to like the boy called Rif, as well as his mother. 
The Draconess stepped over to the iron door and pounded her palm against it shouting, "I am the Draconess, daughter of Kero, granddaughter of Borleat, descendant of the Dragonking. I order you to release us. Release me! You will be fed to the flames for this. Treasonous wretches!  Open now or you’ll pay dearly!"
Night stepped towards the Draconess and cleared her throat. The old, scarred woman made Jazlyn nervous. Night grabbed the Draconess’s arm. The Draconess whirled around and stared into Night’s scarred face with murderous indignation. She looked as if she wanted to call for her guards, before remembering that it was they who were imprisoning her. The Draconess’s voice sound more defeated than imperious as she asked, “What? What do you want?”
"Did you know?" the old woman asked.
"Did I know what?”  
"What your husband did to the former Draconess?"
Jazlyn was caught off guard. She’d expected Night's question to be if she knew the Dracon had been arresting innocent mages. She hadn't thought about the question of whether the Draconess had been complicit in her mother’s fate.
The Draconess stared at her. "What... she died during the birth of Jazlyn…my husband―"
"And you let yourself believe this convenient lie? She was alive. They took her to the Isle of the Loons. She jumped into the burning water, calling out her daughter’s name."
Jazlyn cringed at the words, tears filling her eyes. Her mother’s necklace felt warm against her neck. Jazlyn clutched at it, finding it strangely comforting. It seemed to almost whisper to her, like it was humming the dragon’s lullaby- a song her nanny used to sing to her when she was little.
        Sleep little dragon, sleep with a song
All is not right, but all is not wrong
The day will come when the shadows are long
So sleep little dragon, sleep with a song

The Draconess too seemed close to tears. She closed her eyes and put a hand against the wall to steady herself. "Had you told me this a week ago, I would have dismissed it as a lie. But now…it seems what I didn't know about my husband―."
 “You could have sought the truth,” Night shoved the Draconess’s shoulder, pushing her against the wall. Her scarred face was a hair breadths from the Draconess. The Draconess’s jaw dropped in shock. Night jabbed her with a finger. “It was more convenient to live in lies. You are guilty. When the Shadows come they shall claim you.”
Rif grabbed Night’s arm. "She’s h-h-had enough."
Night jerked her arm away from him. "No. Not enough. Not yet, but soon, vengeance is coming, like a dagger in the night. I waited so long in that tower. I supped on bowls of injustice spiked with sleep. I've seen the Shadow Queen arising again in the water and the stars. My grandmother will rise again, and when she does, then it will be enough. Then the darkness shall reach across the land and tear out the heart of those who have betrayed her." 
A woman's voice whispered in Jazlyn's head said, "Stop Night’s tirade. It wasn't the Draconess's fault."
Who was talking? It certainly wasn't Asgaroth. Her mother’s locket…was it possible…could it be her mother’s voice? Dare she hope? She’d gotten her hopes up that her mother was still alive, only to find out she was dead. Jazlyn was probably hallucinating the voice.
Night's face grew red. She shook a finger at the Draconess, "Guilty!" 
Jazlyn stepped towards Night.
"It is my mother you speak of, and she would not condone such behavior. In her name, I ask you to stop this. The Dracon is to blame. If we have any hope of getting out of this, then we must work together."
"Hope.” Night smiled a crooked smile. “Hope is black as night." 

Chapter 25
 An Expert in Death

The best heroes are ordinary people with a strength that often goes unrecognized. -Kolram
-<>-

Alaina’s knife cut through both his physical bonds and the mental one known as hopelessness. Blood surged through his frozen body, as his hated hempen enemy fell away from the angry red grooves the rope had dug into his wrists. The fresh air of freedom touched his raw skin, and his spirit, invigorating him.
 “I’m free!”
“Almost,” Kolram said. “Still the slight problem of Isel.”
The one-eared arsonist did seem a difficult obstacle.  The Sky Raider was behind Alaina, so no way to reach him from the front of the skywolf.
	Alaina leaned towards Wayden and whispered, “When I tug your cloak, use your Beast Tongue magic to get the wolf to flip around. I’ll cut Isel’s leg straps.”
Wayden shivered. This would be the first time Wayden would kill a person. He’d seen much, and had become somewhat of an expert in the cold permanence of death, but to witness was not to partake in the killing.
 Murder is a sin, all the religions agreed, but his would be no murder. It was both self-defense and justice. Isel had set fire to Wayden’s house, whipped slaves in the camps, and who knows what else. And this was war. Wayden had to do it.  Yet still, with this act, he was saying goodbye to his last shreds of innocence.
Just as he thought she would never signal, he felt a subtle yank on the fabric of his cloak. Wayden stroked the sides of Isel’s skywolf. He reached into the beast’s mind and chanted, “With wings that can turn the world around, turn us upside down.”
The wolf flipped over. For a moment, the leg straps gave, and Wayden felt himself and Alaina move a hair’s breadth.  The blood rushed to Wayden’s head and his skin sagged downwards, but their bonds held. Isel’s didn't. His scream stretched on and on as his body plummeted onto the icy tundra. 
In his dreams of revenge, the Sky Raider’s blood always formed a rose, similar to the one that Mavik had painted all those years ago in the watercolors, similar to the one that had formed on his mother’s dress. In reality, it was more of a splattered mess. Wayden wondered why he wasn’t feeling anything. Shouldn’t he be happy?
“Tis men like Isel who are happy when they kill,” Kolram said. “It is good to feel remorse, even for one’s enemies.”
For Wayden, killing was something that had to be done only when there was no other recourse, for inaction could lead to more innocent deaths. That differed from the Dracon’s power games or the Sky Raider’s lust for gold and blood.
The wind buried Isel in snow. He’d not be missed.

-<>-

The cold wind bit Alaina’s face. She guided the skywolf towards the dragon’s pit. I’m a traitor. I helped murder Isel. True, he’d been a horrid man who had bragged of his cruelty and violence. She had in one stroke proven herself a Sky Raider, capable of killing, and betrayed that very cause. She had murdered one of her own subjects.
 In Laeko’s religion, one was only supposed to take life if there was no alternative. This certainly qualified in that regard.  Laeko said the Weaver’s Way was to cut a slash on your own shoulder for every man or woman you killed. She admired Laeko's concept that life was precious.
"You're thinking weak thoughts, when you should be preparing for war. More than one will have to die before this day ends," Nadra said. "For example, the men guarding the dragon pit."
Two large Sky Raiders clutched spears and were staring upwards. They’d be the next to die. These two were mere guards she scarcely knew. She’d no reason to want them dead, other than the fact that they were in her father’s army. But when her father had sentenced her to death, he’d declared himself and all his men her enemies. Her father had taught her too well how one deals with one’s enemies. 
She summoned the fires, tasting the tangy taste of the Source upon her tongue. Then she chanted and gestured with her hands. “Let the fires of war take their toll, for a war we fight for our very souls.” 
She let out a cone of flame blanketing the men. They died screaming horribly, for none ever called fire gentle. The smell of roasted flesh filled the air. Alaina felt bile building in her mouth. The wolf landed a dozen feet from the smoldering corpses. Alaina fell on her knees retching and crying. 
She heard someone’s footsteps running towards her. The burnt boy. She could recognize his reek. 
“Alaina? Are you alright?” Wayden asked. “I know that was hard, but you had to do it. They were going to murder you. You had no choice.”
Alaina pulled up the cloak to bare her arm and placed the knife tip against it.
"What in the name of the Source are you doing?" Wayden asked.
Alaina cut a streak across her arm. "A cut for a death.”
Wayden tore off a strip of cloth and bound Alaina’s arm. “Save it for the end of the day. This might not be our last fight. You might need to use that arm.” 
Alaina steeled herself. Wayden was right. She had to be strong now. She could let herself mourn later.
Wayden prodded the smoking corpse with a stick until he found a set of what used to be keys. "These are melted. How are we going to open up the grate?"
"Keys aren’t the only things that melt." Alaina chanted and summoned another coil of flame that twisted around and through the iron grating, turning the metal red hot. She then kicked it in with her booted heel. The metal fell into the dragon pit, sliding off the dragon’s wings. The dragon didn’t even react. It looked half dead. 
She recalled her father's plan. ‘We’ll let her starve a bit,’ he’d said. ‘Let her learn to be less feisty. Then she’ll be my mount.’
On a winged wolf Gar was a force to be reckoned with, but on a full grown dragon, he’d be death itself.
"Can you take control of the dragon?” Alaina asked.
“I...I can't break his spell. Your father's too strong a Beast Tongue. The pearl necklace amplifies your father's ability. I can't break his hold. I think we should use the winged wolf to escape.” 
“A dragon flies thrice the speed of a wolf. My father will use the dragon and Goat to trace us. If we have the dragon, they’ll be hard pressed to capture us."
"I tried to break his hold before. It was useless.”
	Wayden’s bandage had slipped, and Alaina felt the blood running down her arm. Perhaps she’d gone in too deep.

-<>- 

Wayden glance darted back and forth from the pit to the horizon, the pit to the horizon. The sun was setting and the Third Moon would be rising soon- time was running out.
A mixture of sulfur and excrement wafted from the pit, a nauseating perfume. The dragon lay defeated, whimpering, like a beaten dog at the bottom of a dank grave. Her snakelike neck coiled like a rope, her eyes dull-gray stones.
	Wayden frowned. “The Skymaster hasn't broken her in completely, how do you expect me to?”
	“I don’t expect anything. I’m just saying if you can’t do this, we can try to run for it on a wolf, but Gar has a dragon and will catch us.”
	“So I do this or they capture us. No worries then.”
	Alaina flicked her tongue. “Nay, what are a few fingers, anyway? You don’t need all ten.”
	Wayden gave her a thin smile. “And they look so fetching on your father’s neck. They bring out the color in his eye.”
	"Watch it. Only I get to make the Cyclops jokes."
	“Cyclops! You know about the myths of the Ancients?”
 “Perhaps we better focus on getting out of here alive.”
Wayden studied the dragon. When he last tried to control her, Gar had been there. Perhaps now that he wasn’t present, it would be easier? It was worth a try.
"Scale, wing, claw, and tail, you are mine, let me prevail," Wayden chanted.
Wayden could feel the power of his spell against Gar’s, like a snowball against a glacier.  It was hopeless. 
“During your training duels with Gar,” Wayden thought, “did you ever beat Gar in a Beast Tongue fight?” 
 “No, Gar was undefeated by me or any of the others,” Kolram said. “However, now I have something I didn’t have before- you.”
"A lot of good that'll do." Wayden lowered himself down the slick walls of the mud pit. 
"Yes indeed, a lot of good it will do,” Kolram said. “You must believe in yourself, Wayden."
"I'm not a Grandmaster. I’m not an Immortal. I’m just a bloke."
"The best heroes are ordinary people with a strength that often goes unrecognized."
Wayden placed his burnt forehead against Harth's scaly one. The dragon barely moved, just let out a groan. He half-expected the dragon to bite his head off, but she just let out a pathetic snort and jerked her head a little. Her scales were warm to the touch. A cold wind whistled across the tundra, kicking up a cloud of icy mist. The heat emanating from the dragon felt even more extreme in contrast.
None of the prophets Wayden had run into told him he would face this. None gave him a single piece of advice that would actually help him survive. 
Or had they?
 Mistress Night had told him of a tug-o’-war over a fiery cat. Wayden could have hit himself, why hadn’t he made the connection sooner? 
"Benol and the Warlock." Wayden’s words emerged as clouds of breath.
Alaina squinted at him from above. "The story? Look, I like books too, but what does that have to do with this?" 
“No one was more humble than Benol. People laughed when he said he would fight the Glimpser,” Wayden said, his mind half in a trance. He placed his head against the dragon again. The taste of the Source was strong upon his tongue. "Harth, I cannot control you. But, you can control me. Take my power and make it yours. Use it to set yourself free.”
"Why would you do this?” Harth wondered, “What is the bargain that the man-child would strike?" 
"In the temple Dark Fist, bad things are happening,” Wayden thought, “If I free you, would you help me stop them?"
“So you do this for yourself, for the plans of the man-child.”
“You’re right. I’m doing this for myself, but for others as well. I do this for me, you, and others like us, who are chained against our will.”
The dragon shot out a blast of fire from her nostrils. "By claw and Fang, let it be so. In fire we are free. Wayden help Harth, Harth help Wayden. It is the way of the scale."
"In my heart, what power I find, give it to the dragon's mind." Suddenly, a wave of pain tore through Wayden. He sank to his knees, as he felt his mind being split open. The dragon’s mind wriggled into him, wearing him like a new coat of scales. He forced himself to hold onto the Connection with Harth, but it was excruciating.
Then the pain disappeared. Wayden felt as if he was floating above the world, as if he was a bird, watching from above. He could sense the dragon's power growing. Her eyes glowed, as if they held burning candles. Gar’s magic was straining, on the verge of breaking, so close...yet...it didn’t. 
 “No! It’s not fair!” Wayden thought, “I did what Night asked me. I gave you my power. Why isn’t it working?”	
"I am weak, like a man child,” Harth said, “Harth is starved, weakened."
"Harth says she’s too weak," Wayden relayed to Alaina.
Alaina drummed on her cleaved chin with her suction-cups. "They'll probably feed the dragon and catch up with us."
Feed the dragon…how do you feed a dragon? Volkanus got his sustenance from the lava in the Red Palace. Wayden smacked himself.
"Alaina, you're a Fire-Whisperer. Can you let her drink your flame?”
Alaina extended an arm to help Wayden clamber up out of the pit. “Are you sure that’s a good idea? I don’t want to hurt her.”
“Dragons drink and bathe in fire,” Wayden said, pulling himself over the icy lip of the pit.
Alaina gestured with her hands, spinning circles in the air, fingers extended in ways no other Fire-Whisperer’s could extend. “Magma inside, churn, blood fires, burn.”
Alaina’s flames came from the tips of suction-cupped fingers. Sparks spiraled outwards, like burning dandelion seeds wafting on a breeze. The dragon was hard to see, as the flames bathed her, but Wayden felt her strengthening and the iron shackles of Gar’s hold buckling- and then with a silent snap, breaking. Wayden could feel the dragon’s exuberance at its freedom, but at the same time, felt his own energy draining. He felt a hollowness, as if he were just a shadow of himself. 
The dragon flapped her wings and flew out of the pit. Her eyes swirled blood red, with flecks of black and gold.
Harth let out a wonderful roar, a growl of freedom. "The debt is owed to Wayden, speaker of the tongue. The debt is owed to Alaina, sister giver of flame."
“You wear your honor like a scaly armor," Wayden thought.
 “Are you alright?” Alaina asked, placing a hand on his shoulder.
“Yes, just a bit drained.”
“So what now? Where are we going?"  Alaina asked.
Wayden looked at the horizon. The moon silhouetted in lime, the temple Dark Fist. Mavik’s pull emanated from there. There were others he’d never felt before as well. It was as if the Source were directing him: there- you must fly there, into the maw of his enemy.
Wayden grabbed at his chest, wincing.
 “You feel the Connection Spell too, don’t you?” Alaina asked. “They have some of the other soul hosts in Dark Fist. They’re in trouble.”
"My brother and others. I have to try and help them.”
Alaina tugged at her lip. “My friend Laeko is probably there too. I betrayed her.”
“I almost forgot. I spoke with her in the slave camps. She said she never lost faith in you.”
Wayden hadn’t believed her at the time. He just thought it was more Splasher nonsense, but Laeko and Night had been correct, the Source’s prophecies had been true.
Alaina squeezed his upper arm. "Fly into Dark Fist? Have you taken leave of your senses? There are a couple of armies in there and worse. Your brother and Laeko wouldn’t have wanted us to fly to our deaths."
"I have to try.”
"This isn't some story. In the stories one boy can overcome a giant, but in real life the giant crushes the boy.”
Wayden ran a hand across Harth’s scales. Heat emanated from beneath them. "The dragon is on our side this time and so is the Source." Wayden put his hands on Alaina’s shoulders. They were surprisingly muscular, beneath a thin layer of rubbery skin. "Alaina, listen, you don’t need to go, but I do. My whole life has led to this. This is what is right and I won't run from it."
"What's right? Dying?"
"Trying. Trusting my heart. If I die now, so be it. I won't live my life regretting that I never tried." Wayden squeezed her hand. It was leathery, yet soft. "But you... you have something to live for. You should go. Fly away from here and be free."
Alaina let go of his hand and turned away, facing the distant Fist. Her golden eyes were two miniature suns. “No. No, I don't. Well... the future. I can live for the future where maybe I'll be happy someday. Where maybe I'll have friends and family that care about me." 
“You deserve those.”
“So do you. So does Laeko and your brother and all the rest. I've tried to deny that it was wrong to keep slaves. We lived high up in the clouds and despised those laboring beneath us, but I see now that was wrong.” Alaina stepped so close to Wayden, he could feel her breath. Tears were running down her scaly cheeks. "I'm not going to find forgiveness running away from the people who need me. I made a promise to try and save Laeko. So, if you are heading to your death, I'm coming too. Just come closer for a moment."
Wayden had never been this near a girl before. Her golden eyes seemed to be pulling him in. She grabbed the back of his head with her reed-like fingers, drawing his lips to hers. Her lips were soft and wonderful. Her mouth was a warm haven in a cold world, till the ice dam in his heart became a waterfall of swirling emotions. 
“What are you doing?” Kolram asked. “Solita―”
“Shut thy breath, Kolram.” 
Kolram had jarred him from the moment. Kissing the Skymaster's daughter was a bad idea. Gar would make the worst father-in-law ever. Still. If Wayden was heading to his death, he'd let himself enjoy the kiss and to the wraiths with the consequences. So he just concentrated on the sensation, the warmth of her touch. It made him feel whole again, in a way he hadn't felt for eight years.
When she finally released him, she said, "I've never kissed a boy. I wanted to before I die."
"Do you think I’m going to let us die after that? You just gave me something to live for. Gar had better look out," Wayden said, clambering aboard the dragon.

Chapter 26
A Love Dodecahedron

I never said you won. -Ec
-<>-

Verica, in shadow form, followed Ravenna and Ec down the winding corridors of the Red Palace, towards the southwest gate. The portcullis was raised and Ember Haldur and his men were checking the contents and passengers of incoming wagons. Ec nodded at Haldur as they entered the Cubby. When the door closed behind her, letting the color slowly return to her flesh, shadows lightening to light brown and then pink.
“Can we trust Haldur?” Verica asked.
“Completely,” Ravenna said.
“How much did you trust Cyreves?”
Ravenna's face deflated. "Completely."
Verica frowned at the large wicker supply basket, hanging of the side of Ec's skywolf. Ec had been commissioned to fly to Dark Fist as a supply master, replacing the old supply master Cyreves. 
Verica's stomach turned into wraith form just thinking about flying in a rickety old basket. “Will it hold my weight? The barrel plan didn’t fare very well. Now wicker baskets? Why would this work out any better?” 
“Because I’ve seen it will,” Ec said.  "You free your friend at Dark Fist, during the ritual."
“Did you see a vision of Cyreves betraying us and Jazlyn getting captured before your barrel plan?”
Ec looked down, red coloring her jade cheeks. “This one did not see.”
“Then how do you know this will go better?”
“I saw you getting out the basket at Dark Fist, playing an important role. All junctures lead to it. Even Cyreves betrayal played a role. Now that he is not supply master, they pick me to take his position. The Source guides us mysteriously.”
“A bit too mysteriously for my liking.” Verica chewed a nail. "This will be like sticking my head into the dragon's mouth, except slightly more dangerous.”
"The Source takes us to unexpected places,” Ec said. “Challenges us. This one trusts in the Source."
Verica had been surprised to learn that Ec was a Prophetess. The Source had told the Mantu to take the job in the scullery, foreseeing that she would play some role in helping bring down the Dracon's rule. And all this time, Verica had thought of her just as a source of lemon biscuits. Of course, that was an important role too…
"It’s a paradox," Lukor said. "If Ec hadn't told you that she’d seen you doing this, you wouldn’t be doing it. She foresaw you doing this and now you will do it.”
“I guess prophecies all have to do with junctures or something or other.”
“If you believe that.”
“Do you think she could be lying?”
“Or could the Source itself be deceitful?  How far can we trust the Source? Do we know what it is? Who controls it? What its aims are?"
"You have a heretical mind," Verica thought. "I like it." She turned to Ec and asked aloud, “How can we know if we can trust the Source?”
Ec shrugged her bony shoulders. “If we can’t trust the Source then all is truly lost. What other choice do we have?”
Ec too made a valid point. The choice was she could let the Dracon murder Jazlyn, while she stood aside and did nothing. Then Asgaroth would emerge and start another Dark War, which would kill thousands. Or she could do her best to stop it. 
There was no third option. She’d never set out to be a hero. She’d never wanted much of anything, except to play mumbly ball with Jazlyn and steal biscuits from Ec, and maybe, if she was truly daring, put some itch powder in Ko’s sleeping robes. But that was the extent of her wildest imaginings. Now fate had decided to throw the destiny of the world in her lap. Stupid fate. 
Verica sighed. "Alright. I’ll do it. If I have to die, I'd rather go trying to stop the darkness, than waiting for it." 
 “Three Moons day is not the day you die,” Ec said. “I see you in the future falling down into a pit.”
“Falling into a pit? Ec, this is madness,” Ravenna protested. "You're sending Verica to her death."
Ec shook her head. "The pit is not an end, Ravenna, it’s a beginning. Verica has a crucial role to play on the Night of the Three Moons. If she doesn’t go, not only will Jazlyn, your parents, and others perish, but the whole world will be thrown into darkness.”
“Well, no worries then,” Verica said.
Ec flicked her tongue, the Mantu version of a smile.
Footsteps sounded from the corridor outside the storage room. Ec’s webbed hands shoved Verica’s head down and closed up the basket. A tight dark, space. Verica hated it. If a Flicker grabbed her like they grabbed Jazlyn, how could she escape? She was vulnerable. She started to breathe hard, panicking. If she breathed hard, would they hear her? The thought just made her panic all the more.
"Remain calm," Lukor said. "Picture a peaceful place." She pictured herself in a boat with Jazlyn upon a calm lake. The sun was shining and they were just two normal girls, no wraiths, no Immortals. They were laughing and singing under a gentle sun. Jazlyn stripped down and leapt into the water. Verica reached for her, but Jazlyn was drifting away, taken by the currents. Verica paddled harder to catch up to her, but the currents were pushing them in opposite directions.  A seagull cawed overhead. “Wake up.”
She didn’t realize she’d fallen asleep, until Ec’s voice awoke her. 
"Wake, little one. We've landed for the night. We’re in Deep Woods. If you use Shadow Form, you can come out and stretch for a moment.”	
Ec acted as if she were straightening something in the basket, as Verica used her as a ladder to pull herself out. Verica was so wobbly and bow-legged, she had a near miss, almost crashing into a Flicker.  
The Mantu led her out past the make-shift spear fence, towards a stone ruin, overgrown with brown, shriveled vines. Carvings of dancing horsemen decorated the remaining walls. The roof had collapsed long ago and Verica could see the stars through it. A large mirror tree, with its glassy bark, was growing over what had once been the doorway. A faint sound beat from below the tiled floor. A Heart Stone?
Ec sat on what had likely once been the base of a pillar. "Remember, Verica how you received your scar." 
"I'm not likely to forget." Verica ran her finger down the length of her scar, feeling the coolness of it.
"It must happen again," Ec whispered.
“What?” Verica grabbed Ec and shook her. “What did you foresee, you green-skinned lunatic?”
“I saw you with the Sword of Luminescence, fighting Asgaroth,” Ec answered.
Verica’s jaw dropped. "You’re insane. I’m going to die."
Ec placed a webbed hand on Verica’s hand and squeezed. "You must learn to trust the Source, little one."
“Oh, just fight Asgaroth?” Verica rolled her eyes. “The Bone King just has, let’s see… telekinesis, invulnerable, super-human strength and agility. Should be easy. I’ve taken a few jousting lessons. So I can beat an Immortal who crossed swords with the Dragonking himself, no problem.”
 Ec’s eyes met Verica’s, and Verica felt like she was drowning in their molten gold. “Beat?  I never said you won.”

-<>- 

The heartbeat pervaded even Mavik’s dreams. In the dream, he was sure the thunderous boom emanated from behind a glowing blue bed curtain. He slid the drape open slowly. There was a lump in the bed. He called, "Emerelda? Is that you?"
He pulled back the blanket and in the bed lay his mother, pale-faced and clutching a red rose. Her eyes popped open. "She's coming." 
Mavik awoke to find he was still in a nightmare. A female half-Mantu Woven One held a blade against his neck. 
"A Woven One," Jijari said. "Servants of the Weaver."
A red-eyed, light-skinned Ozac held Emerelda. Emerelda's eyes were bulging and her feet kicking. She mumbled muffled curses.
 “Is this girl the Guardian, Finder?” the Ozac asked. 
An eerie girl’s voice echoed off the cavernous walls. "Of course, Anaz. Do you doubt the Weaver?" 
"I doubt my aunt often, Finder, and so would you if you weren’t such a blind fool. And who do we have…by the light of the Eye…Wayden is that you?" Anaz asked.
"Wayden? You know my brother?" Mavik exclaimed.
"Brother?” Anaz’s face paled. “Twin-brother?”
“That’s right. You know him?”
“Source save us," Anaz said. "Twins! Oh, what have I done?” The gray man turned to the half-Mantu. “Queranos, forgive me. I’m a damned fool.”
“That's why he didn't have the burn mark in the vision,” Queranos said, holding up a webbed hand. "Let me think." The Mantu paced, all eyes following her webbed feet, which were bare except for linen wrapped around them. Finally, she halted and turned to Anaz. “This changes nothing.”
The girl known as Finder approached Mavik. With a start, Mavik realized he felt the Connection towards her. Finder’s hands glowed yellow, with images of a blue fish and an amber snake dancing across her palms. 
“A child with the powers of a Magic-finder. She must host…Zaburn,” Jijari thought.
 A memory flashed past Mavik's eyes of Jijari embracing and kissing Zaburn by the base of an enormous waterfall. Jijari pushed him away, but not without regret.
Finder moved her face close to Mavik. “You’re scared.” She placed a glowing finger and pushed on his forehead. “Good.” She laughed and grabbed his arm, leading him forward. Anaz held Emerelda’s wrist as the Woven Ones led them down a dimly lit corridor. 
"Where are you taking us?" Mavik asked. "How do you know Wayden? What did you mean you have the wrong one? Where is Wayden?"
“So many questions from the Splasher’s host,” Finder replied. “Why should the water ask, when the water can see?”
"The water shows us what it will,” Mavik said. “How did you know I hosted Jijari?" 
"The Connector knows the Connections better than any,” Finder said. “Each tug is a different signature.” Finder put her hands on her ears and laughed. “Alright Zaburn!” She turned back to Mavik again. “Zaburn wants to tell you he misses Jijari." Finder ran a finger across Mavik's cheek mockingly tender. Then she dug her nail into his cheek. "He loves her so." Finder laughed, as Mavik winced.
Zaburn loves Jijari, Jijari is inside Mavik, Mavik loved Emerelda, Emerelda hosted Solita, Solita loved Kolram, and his brother hosted Kolram. It wasn't a love triangle, it was a love dodecahedron. And the fact that half of them were dead just made it even more tangled.
Mavik decided to change focus. “Why does the Weaver need us?”
Finder leaned so close to Mavik he could smell a sweet, but unfamiliar scent upon her breath. Her swirling eyes were hypnotic. “The Weaver keeps her patterns secret.” Finder’s hands flashed silver and gold images. "Enemies are nearby. Hurry.”
Anaz grabbed Mavik’s arm. He was forced along at a fast clip, racing through twisting corridors. Mavik didn't trust the Weaver, but he didn't see another way to find an exit to this maze. Besides, Anaz’s grip was quite strong.
Finder's hands glowed and wolves appeared in them. "We must move before the Guardians take us."
 “So the Guardians are still here,” Jijari said. “Warring against the Woven Ones.”
 He wondered how long they had slept. His stomach rumbled, but he didn't suppose they would stop for a meal with Guardians on their trail. They continued their silent trek through dark tunnels. The beating sound intensified. 
They passed a large chamber decorated with murals. There were stars and lines painted between them. When they reached the exit, Finder pointed at a doorway and said, “You must go alone.”
The glow stones in the ceiling flickered.
“Why aren't you coming with us? What are we to do?” Mavik asked, but Finder and the others were gone, as if they were shadow wraiths.
“Should we be happy or scared that they be leaving us?” Emerelda’s asked, the word ‘us’ echoing off the cavernous walls. The drip-drip-drip of water played over the bass notes of the heart sound, creating an eerie orchestra.
"We better keep moving," Mavik said.
The corridor emptied out into a large cavernous room. The stone ceiling bore a ring of amber Guardian magic embedded into it. In the center of the room lay a beating Heart Stone, with metal tendrils attached to a milk-white woman, enshrouded in a Guardian field. Around the room were hundreds of woven linen sculptures: bird men, goat men, horse men, deer men, wolf men, every other combination of animal and man. They were wrought of plaster, mud, and clay, tightly wrapped in linens. Mavik was unnerved by how life-like they were.
The Source emanated from the Heart Stone with a taste so strong Mavik wanted to gag. Wayden had expressed it best, when he told Mavik the Source tasted like dirt. Thinking of his brother made him realize something that had been tugging at the back of his mind. He could faintly feel Wayden's Pull. His brother was close! 
  Mavik stared at the woman in the Guardian shield. A dozen shadows wriggled at her feet. "Who are you?" Mavik asked. The woman didn't answer. Mavik turned to Emerelda. "Can you release her?"
"Should I be trying?" Emerelda asked. "Solita says not to. She thinks this be the Shadow Queen."
"Solita is right,” Jijari said. “This is that unholy she-devil.”
“Maybe she can help us. We need someone to get us out of here. This is where the Source led us. How do you know she’s bad?”
“She fought against the holy Raylar and the other Immortals.”
“She fought against people like Asgaroth? That makes her bad? It doesn’t seem to me the Immortals were particularly good. I don't think anything is simple. Why are shadows bad and light good? Light can blind, shadows can cool.”
The ground beneath their feet lurched. Mavik’s heart beat as loud as the pulsating stone in the center of the room. It lurched again and began to vibrate. Clawing sounds drew nearer.
"More scagazi," Mavik said. "I think we have to release her or we'll be their dinner."
“No. She is the Devil of the Dark. Don’t do this,” Jijari said.
Emerelda touched the Guardian shield. She shook her filthy blonde hair. “It’s not budging."
The floor rattled hard. A dozen brown pincer-like claws emerged from the dirt.
Emerelda chewed her lip. "There sure be a lot of ‘em." Her hands glowed amber, ready with her Guardian magic. "I be gettin' really tired of these buggers."

Chapter 27 
Vengeance

Vengeance does not heal. It only brings more death. -Kolram
-<>-  

With the birth of night, Jazlyn’s death neared. This would be her final sunset, her final night in this world. Perhaps the Land Beyond this one would be a kinder place. With every end comes something new, and so rose the green moon. Jazlyn had never gazed upon the third moon before, except with infant eyes. The moon seemed as terrifying as it was majestic.
The astronomical experience might have been more inspiring had she not been awaiting her death bound and gagged. Gags were aptly named, she realized, for they did indeed induce a profound desire to retch. The tall, gangly guard from the Plague Room, guided her towards the center of the inner ring. 
Jazlyn’s entourage had camped overnight in Deep Woods. She spent a restless night listening to the mustachioed fool blabbering to a rotund guard about Raslonian ice fishing. It was as if they were heading off to a picnic rather than a slaughter.
 Viciousness was one thing. It was what beasts did. But it was the banality of the guard's evil that struck Jazlyn as perverse. It was as if he took the cordiality society ought to have been about and flipped it over, revealed the vermin crawling beneath.
 I was just as bad, sitting by watching my father arrest all these innocents while I sipped my tea and did needlework. I sat by unquestioning, unreactive, just as these guards will be as they watch me murdered.
Jazlyn found herself positioned next to Asgaroth’s entrapped body.
"There I am," Asgaroth said smugly. It had been sixteen years since he’d laid eyes on his body. 
 The moonlight glinted off the chain hauberks of Flickers and the bone-grafted steel of the Raslonian soldiers, turning them into an emerald army. In the inner ring stood Dakarth, Dracon, and Chief Prophet, Crow. Jazlyn’s father and Crow had Royal Companions, Oz Strongfist and Morz Lightningblade standing on either side of him. Dakarth had burly bodyguards of his own, wearing gilded bones.
 The mustachioed Flicker dragged Jazlyn past Asgaroth towards the one-eyed Skymaster. When Gar had possession of Jazlyn he turned to one of his men and said, "Alright, tell them to fly in the rest of the prisoners."
Skywolves hauled in more and more prisoners, mostly mages Jazlyn didn't recognize. The prisoners were placed in two groups: one near Asgaroth's body and a larger group on the other side of the inner ring near the dais where the Dracon stood. 
A queue of skywolves formed, awaiting their turn to land and deliver their prisoners. The captives from the Sky Raider camp looked even more pitiful than the ones from the Plague room, something Jazlyn would not have thought possible a few days ago. They appeared skeletal and many had stumps where fingers ought to have been. Beneath the blanket of voices and clatter, Jazlyn heard the rhythmic beating of the Heart Stone.
The cold metal of Gar's knife tickled Jazlyn's neck. By Gar’s side was his skywife, wearing a tiara and a bruised eye to mark her dualistic position of being at once powerful and powerless. 
"Soon my sons will free me as prophesized," Asgaroth said.
"Sons? Dakarth is here, but what of Karsgoth?"
"Karsgoth is here. Has always been right under your smug Helesian noses. Every idea your father ever thought was his own was planted by my sons.”
Karsgoth was here? Where? She scanned the room and her eyes settled on Crow’s lacquered beak… not where, but who.... who had guided the Dracon to this juncture? Whose counsel had her father been swallowing? Who wore a mask at all times and never let his true face be seen? Who practiced prophecy like Karsgoth had, yet wore an animal mask, more common for a Magic-Finder than a Splasher?
Did her father know the truth? Even if he didn't, even if she could somehow get her gag off, and tell him, would it change anything? He was getting his power, and probably cared not at all for the consequences.
Her father adjusted his crimson veil and crown. The Dracon strode up to Gar. "You agreed to bring your daughter for the ritual. Where, pray tell, are the hosts of Kolram, Jijari, and Solita?”
Gar reddened. "Jijari’s and Solita’s hosts escaped. I've sent men out to recapture them. My daughter and Kolram are on their way. I’m not sure what’s taking so long. Goat, go and check on Isel."
Goat nodded and clambered onto his skywolf. 
The Heart Stone beat on, the moon rose.
					
-<>-

The icy ground raced by below Wayden. The memory of Isel's bloody body falling from the wolf came back to him. Life was so easy to snuff out. Too easy. He could understand the temptation someone like Gar or the Dracon felt. They could kill so easily, it must become second nature to men like that. Would Wayden become like them, carelessly leaving corpses without a second thought?
His fear of approaching danger grew stronger as the distant stone fist drew closer with every beat of the dragon’s wings. They were flying towards certain death. Yet of the myriad of emotions competing inside of him, it was delight that won through. 
"I'm a dragon rider!” he shouted. “I’m wraithin' riding on a dragon!"
"Don't fall off," Alaina chided. 
She sounded calm. Wayden supposed for her this wouldn't be too different than riding on a skywolf. The dragon ride was exciting, but it was only a close second to the feel of the girl’s kiss. He was hyper-aware of Alaina, squeezing him from behind. He wondered if she'd let him kiss her again.
"Focus, young Wayden,” Kolram said, “One needs a mind as sharp as a razor's edge when one flies into battle."
They were less than a league from Dark Fist. Rays of sun cast brilliant reds and purples across the snow. As they flew, the rim of the third moon rose, lighting the sky in an emerald hue.
The third moon was a sight to behold. It was easily as large as Dark Fist itself. Wayden had heard that even the regular moons pulled at the tides, but on a night of the Three Moons, sailors kept their boats off the water or in harbor. Beaches and shorelines weren’t safe from the huge waves that would roll in. 
 As the sky darkened, Wayden’s mood sobered as well. 
What was he doing? He was making decisions so quickly, could he be sure he was making the right choice? He was flying towards certain death. And…he had kissed...the Skymaster’s daughter. He’d sworn vengeance on the Sky Raiders, not to kiss their daughters. But the kiss had felt so good- if it was wrong, why did it feel so right? The last seven years had been not much more than bleakness after bleakness. This was like a tulip bursting through the ice.
"It felt pleasurable, but that does not make it right,” Kolram said, “Solita is my wife."
"Yours, not mine. I said no vows," Wayden thought. "This is my life, Kolram. I'm sorry you lost yours, but you can't live vicariously through me."
"I know...it's just so frustrating."
"Someday, we'll find a way to return you to your own body."
"How? Where would I go? My own body is decayed and gone. If I were sucked out of you, I would likely just enter some other baby and have the same problem all over again."
"I don't know. There must be a way. I only hope we live to find it."
A figure on a skywolf emerged from Dark Fist. Bathed in green moonlight, he could make out the lacquered mask of a goat. 
“Harth, that is Goat,” Wayden communicated to the dragon. “An enemy.”
“Harth knows the tracker who hounded and made Harth a helpless thrall. Be he man or goat, he shall be repaid in flame.”
Wayden thought of Isel falling from the wolf and for a moment felt nauseated, but then he steeled himself.  He nodded. "Do it." 
Harth sucked in air, neck sacs ballooning, and streams of black smoke rising from her nostrils. Her scaly hide grew warm and then she exhaled. An orange ball of flaming gas hurdled through the air, spits of light spiking out from the fiery sphere. 
Goat screamed as dragon flame spread up and down his body. The Magic-finder's lacquered mask fell away, revealing a man screaming in pain. Wayden felt a moment of remorse, seeing how ordinary Mavik's kidnapper was beneath his otherworldly disguise. Then Goat plummeted, his body buffeted by the wind, thumping against the edge of the Anvil, and finally coming to a rest on the snow below. The smell of burnt flesh permeated the air.
Revenge was like eating a whole apple crumble. It looked sumptuous at first, but it left you sick. Goat had done terrible things, but to see a man charred to death like a haunch of meat on a spit- Wayden was more disgusted than satisfied. 
"Vengeance does not heal,” Kolram said. “It only brings more death." 
"At least there has been justice. The man who helped burn my home to the ground himself has been burned." 
"Goat sealed his own fate, with that assertion I will not argue,” Kolram said.  “Still, he was just a pawn of Gar. The true enemy is near." 
Too near. Wayden could taste Gar's power even from here. How much stronger would it be when Wayden and Gar were face to face?

-<>-  

Jazlyn prayed to the rising moon, a powerful emerald behemoth filling the sky. Cold air blew in through the breeched wall. Some of the Flickers held torches that wavered in the wind.
"Source, if you can hear me, answer my prayers. Stop this madness," Jazlyn thought.
"You're a fool,” Asgaroth said, “There is no Source. The Silver Goddess is the true power."
The woman's voice Jazlyn heard before spoke again. "You're wrong, Asgaroth. The Source is real and it shall guide Jazlyn."
"Who are you?" Jazlyn asked the woman.
“You know who I am, my daughter.”
Mother…tears filled Jazlyn’s eyes. The locket felt warm against her neck, a respite of warmth from the freezing cold wind. Gol had said her mother owned this necklace. Could her mother be speaking through the locket somehow? But how?
Jazlyn saw a memory flit through her mind: Asgaroth clutching a diamond brooch, shaped like a flower.
 "Lyssa," he’d called. "Lyssa can you hear me?"
“I’m here, my darling,” a woman’s voice called from the jeweled pin.
Asgaroth yanked the memory away, growling, “That memory is not for you.” 
"Were you able to speak to Lyssa through the brooch?"
"Get out of my mind."
"If you get out of mine."
"Soon enough."
Dakarth stepped onto a raised dais, joining the Dracon, and pointed his hand towards the rising moon. “It is almost time.”  
“My job is done,” Gar said.
"Done?” The Dracon asked. “Where is the Sky Daughter, bearer of the Grandmistress of Flame? Where are the hosts of the other Grandmasters? Jijari, Kolram, and Solita were in your possession supposedly. You did not deliver your full promise, and it will halve your profits." 
"I think not.” Gar pressed the knife tip against Jazyln's throat. “You’ll give me my price or your daughter will pay."
The Dracon glowered, but said nothing as Crow ordered the Flickers, “Give the Skymaster the gold.” Ozacs loaded bulging sacks onto skywolves.
Crow and Dakarth don't want me to die until they could pry Asgaroth's soul from me, Jazlyn thought. After that, they’ll kill me themselves or send me to the Isle of the Loons. 
Gar made a mock bow. "We’ll take our leave now. I'll take your daughter with me for insurance that your men don't practice archery on me during my flight out of here." 
Dakarth grabbed Gar's arm and for a moment the dictator and the one-eyed Sky Raider were a hair’s breadth apart. Dakarth's voice was a hiss. “You'll leave the girl. You'll have your gold and leave alive. Otherwise, I will make it my life goal to give you the most painful death you ever imagined. So what will it be- gold or death?"
Gar’s face reddened, but he mumbled. “Very well.” 
The Skymaster released Jazlyn's arm, but it brought her little relief. It didn’t matter which wolf ate her, she’d be just as dead.
Gar and Yveka climbed on the back of a huge skywolf. "Sky Raiders. With me." The wolves jingled as they flew off the ground.

-<>- 

Wayden was conscious of Alaina's arms clasped around him, the warmth of her body against his own. The moon was higher over temple Dark Fist now, painting the snow into jade glass. Wayden traced the tip of his finger against the back of Alaina’s hand. 
“Hey boy, just because I gave you a kiss, don’t think I'm your betrothed now. It was only because we’re flying to our deaths, alright? If we live through this maybe I’ll let you take me to a fancy ball or something. Whatever you Lava-Heads do.”
"Lava-Heads?"
"Red Landers. Helesians. Whatever you go by."
"Lava Heads?" 
A dozen Sky Raiders emerged from the breached wall. Wayden felt Gar Skymaster’s presence before he even made out his figure saddling the lead skywolf. 
Wayden had been face to face with Gar just a notch ago, but somehow this was different. This was it. The chance to face off against Gar that he had dreamt of for so long. Yet instead of feeling elated, Wayden felt cold terror grip him. It was one thing to imagine facing off with the Skymaster, another to actually go up against one of the most powerful men in the world. Even Harth, sensing Gar's power, was quivering.
 The dragon stopped flying and merely used its wings to hover. Gar’s entourage was almost as impressive as the Skymaster himself. The Sky Raiders were enormous and muscle bound, riding upon equally fierce looking winged beasts. The Skymaster’s wife looked at least as tough as Gar did, seated behind the one-eyed tyrant.
 Gar pulled the reins of his skywolf, bringing him to a halt, a dozen feet from Harth. Slobber dripped from his wolf's maw.
 “Daughter,” Gar bellowed. “What do you think you’re doing? That's my dragon you are riding. And your prisoner seems to have lost his bonds. I suggest retying them.”
"No."
With that one word, Wayden felt both admiration for Alaina and shame of his own fearfulness. He vowed he would try to be as brave as his emerald princess.
"No?" Gar turned to catch the eye of one of the other Sky Raiders prompting them to laugh. Then after a moment of this mummer's show, Gar held up his hand and they fell silent. "Alaina, dear heart. Don’t do something you’ll regret."
Alaina’s jaw quivered and her voice came out strong and sharp as a knife. "I have many regrets, Father. You have laid hands on many skywives and, to my shame, I said nothing. You enslaved Laeko. I said nothing. So I have many regrets, father, but this… this is not one of them. I’ll not be the Tyrant’s daughter."
Wayden noticed as Alaina distracted him, Gar's powers seemed minutely diminished. “If I can throw Gar off balance, get him angry, maybe then, Harth and I can beat him.”
 “I can think of no better plan,” Kolram said.
Wayden laughed aloud in what he hoped would be taken as a mocking tone, though his insides felt liquid. "Gar, the great Skymaster. You can’t even rule your own daughter, much less the sky.”
“I rule what I want to rule.”
Wayden tried to push against Gar’s power, but if it had rattled the Skymaster’s hold, it wasn't enough. He needed a new plan.
“You hide behind your little trinket, your necklace is what truly gives you power.” Wayden tried to catch the Skywife’s eye. She was looking at him with her non-swollen eye, but Wayden had no idea if she had gotten the message.
Gar curled his lip. "What did you say?"
"Are you deaf as well as stupid and cruel? Look how you treat your wife.” Again Wayden caught the Skywife’s eye. “You think because your necklace makes you so strong that you can treat people like you treat your animals, with heartless cruelty. In truth, it's you who is the beast."
"You're just like Kolram,” Gar spat. “So pompous. We'll see how superior you feel when I force the dragon to eat you piece by piece.”
Yveka's knife flashed, cutting the sinew. The pearls fell from the necklace into the swirling snows below.
Wayden and Harth felt Gar's power slip away, diminishing with every falling pearl. 
Harth's satisfaction was palpable as she snorted a burst of defiant fire. "Can Harth have the honor to finish little-man-with-big-mouth?"
 Before Wayden could answer, a point of a knife burst through Gar's neck, a spray of blood running down his cloak. The Skymaster's jaw dropped. Then Yveka pulled the knife out, cut Gar’s leg straps, and shoved him off the wolf. Gar plummeted to the icy ground below. 
“I told him not to hit me.” Yveka wiped the blood from her blade. “Men. They never listen.” She shook out her long blue hair. “I should have done that ages ago, but I wanted to wait until Gar got me my gold." Yveka turned her wolf to face the other Sky Raiders. "I claim the mantle of the Sky. If anyone denies my claim speak now and taste my blade. I killed the he-wolf, and I will end anyone else who stands in my way. Join me and we will reclaim the old ways of the Sky Riders. We will share in this coin equally."
One of the Sky Raiders said, "Follow a woman? I’d rather f-"
A knife whirled through the air and thumped into the Sky Raider's forehead. He plummeted to the ice below. Yveka drew another blade.
"Anyone else want to challenge the Daughter of the Wolf?" 
The Sky Raiders glanced at each other. They saluted with pumped fists and chanted, "Hail, Yveka Skymistress. May the winds be with you." 
Yveka let out a triumphant howl. If Wayden hadn't seen it come from her lips, he would have sworn it came from a wolf.
Yveka turned towards Alaina. “As for you Alaina, you are no enemy to me, but you are no longer Skydaughter. Gar seized the power, but now he is gone, and the true daughter of the Wolf reigns again. You can have your freedom, Alaina, daughter of the dead. I bear you no enmity, but no friendship shall you claim either. If we meet again, I will not be so generous.”
Alaina nodded. “So be it. Farewell, Yveka, Mistress of the Sky.”
Yveka tugged her reins, letting out another spine tingling howl. The wolf flew towards the Nest, Sky Raiders struggling to keep pace behind her, wolves overladen with the bulging sacks. Wayden hoped she would use her new found power and wealth wisely.
“I’m sorry about your father. And losing your pack,” Wayden said.
 “Maybe it’s for the best. Laeko used to say sometimes you have to get lost to be found.”
“Don’t you hate prophets?”
“I know! Can’t they ever speak plainly?”
Wayden glanced down. A blood stain splattered the snow near the gargantuan obsidian boulder known as the Skull. He always thought he’d be the one to finish off Gar. Still, there was nothing wrong with having a little help from time to time. He scanned for Gar’s body, but it wasn't there. Had it been buried by the snow? An uneasy feeling made the hairs on the back of his neck tingle. Whatever happened to Gar, Wayden had no time for it now. He had a murderous sacrifice to stop. 
He spurred the dragon towards the Fist.

-<>-

Mavik struggled to remain calm as a dozen scagazi burst through the ground. He needed to free the Shadow Queen. There was no other hope. 
"Something is wrong,” Jijari said, “Why did the Source lead us to this den of evil?”
"Well, you're the one always telling me to have faith in the Source. Let's have faith then. It’s that or let the scagazi finish us."
Mavik grabbed the metal wires binding the milk-white woman. Emerelda had pushed back the Guardian magic enough that Mavik could yank the metal cords, but they still wouldn't budge no matter how hard he pulled.
Sweat dotted Emerelda's brow. "If you going to be doin' something, then do it! I can't hold it!" 
Mavik grunted. The dirt beneath his feet rumbled. The sound of claws digging drew closer. The Heart Stone thumped. Mavik sighed. “Here’s hoping I’m doing the right thing.” He pulled his hardest on the wires. They didn't budge.

Chapter 28 
Madness

I've waited a long time for this. -Belok
-<>- 

Worse than the cut, was waiting for the blade. 
Jazlyn wondered if there was any way to escape, leap over the bodies of Asgaroth and Dragonking, hop over the energy rings, jump on one of the sky wolves… no, not even in her wildest imaginings would that work. She was dead. So let her be dead. Let the waiting end.
"My life isn’t worth much anyway,” Jazlyn thought. “My own father wants me dead. No one will miss me.” 
The blue stone on her necklace warmed against her skin.
"Your life is worth much," said the woman's voice. "Jazlyn, you are more precious than gold."
"Mother? Is that truly you?" Jazlyn asked, grabbing at her necklace. She was glad her mother would be there. Her mother knew death, could help her step gently into its dark embrace, meet her on the other side of the Flaming Gates.
"I am here, my joy,” she thought. “You are loved." 
There was no fighting the waves of tears that came like a storm, one trickling into the next, tiny tributaries releasing an ocean of grief. “Mother, I’ve missed you so.”
“I wish I could have been there for you, Jazlyn. You’ve become such a brave woman. You’ve made me very proud.”
Was this really her mother she was communicating with? How could it be, if her mother was dead? What happened to someone who died? If you could contact them through some medium like a necklace, did that mean they weren’t truly dead, but spirits? Or was it just what she imagined her mother would say if she were still alive? Still, illusion or not, it felt blessedly good to hear her mother’s voice.
Flickers positioned the captured magi around Asgaroth. Unlike Jazlyn herself, who stood upright, the other prisoners were laid horizontally, left wrists stretched towards the Bone King’s entrapped body. 
 “One mage from each of the known schools of magic,” Asgaroth said.  “The same blood magic they used to trap me, reversed.”
An image flitted through Jazlyn’s mind of the magi, led by Centuron and her children in their silver armor, bursting through the doors of Dark Fist. Asgaroth had already sent his sons to safety. There was nothing to do now but face his destiny. He pushed the image from Jazlyn’s mind. 
“That is all past now, and an eternity of tomorrows await me,” Asgaroth said. “When the spell is undone I can will my soul back into my own body. My sons have done well.” 
The Dracon turned to the Flickers. "Daggers. First the ones around Asgaroth. Then my daughter. Cut them, but do not kill them.” 
The Flickers drew out slender blades turned emerald by the moonlight. Jazlyn shivered at the sight of them, but the words ‘do not kill’ echoed in her mind. 
“They aren't going to kill me, after all!” Jazlyn thought.
“Not yet,” Asgaroth said. “First they need to release me. The magi need to be alive for that. Once I am free, it is then you’ll die.” 
“Kill a helpless girl. And you claim you aren’t evil?” Jazlyn thought.
"You'll leave her alone," her mother thought.
The Flickers’ knives slashed across the left wrist of Dade and Doblin. They gasped in pain. Soon the blood was flowing from all of the magi surrounding Asgaroth’s body, eating away the amber Guardian snakes surrounding the Immortal. The wriggling bands dissipated, one after another.
The tall mustachioed Flicker drew a dirk from his scabbard and approached Jazlyn, as another dark-haired guard held her still from behind. She tried to squirm free, but the guard’s grasp was firm. 
The dark-haired Flicker whispered to the mustachioed one, "This whole thing is crazy. This is the Daughter Draconi!" 
The mustachioed Flicker barked. “Do your duty!”  A sadistic glee glimmered in the corner of his eye. She bit her lip, refusing to give him the pleasure of crying out. It was quick. Blood dribbled into the trench that ran towards the Immortals. She wondered if the Dragonking would be freed as well, but then she remembered Asgaroth telling her Darius was captured using his own God-weapon, the Sword of Luminescence, not with blood magic.
Her father chanted, "Power inside me, these boundaries we shall break, for these are the souls I've come to take." 
Jazlyn felt like a fishing hook had been shoved down her throat and was yanking Asgaroth out of her. This hurt far more than the knife wound. She screamed, struggling against her bonds. She gasped as Asgaroth's mist slipped off her lips. The Dracon was a midwife of death, coaxing darkness from an unholy womb. 
Asgaroth’s mist was far darker than the ones emerging from the other magi. His inky-black mist hovered in midair. Was it because he was an Immortal, that his appeared different? 
Asgaroth was out of Jazlyn’s mind now, drifting towards his own body. For the first time in her life, she and Asgaroth were separated. It was a relief in one sense: no more headaches, no more voice telling her to tear the bones from people. On the other hand, it felt oddly lonely. She was accustomed to the feel of two souls inside her, even if one of them wasn’t a kindred spirit. Now there was vast emptiness. No, not quite. She still felt her mother’s presence, but it was fading slowly, becoming a distant echo.
“Hold on Jazlyn,” her mother thought. Jazlyn wasn’t sure of how Death Speech worked exactly, but apparently her mother wasn’t a soul mist, for she was not being yanked from Jazlyn’s body. Asgaroth had been the one with the Death-speech. How was she still able to hear her mother with Asgaroth gone?
Asgaroth’s Guardian shield dissolved around his black-armored body. His mist headed towards the Bone King. Slowly, like creeping doom, it slid between his lips. Then, his dark eyes flickered open. A smile appeared upon his cruel yet handsome face.
Her own soul began to emerge from her lips, but with a gesture, the Dracon cut the connection. Perhaps, her father didn’t want her dead after all. Or more likely her own soul was too worthless to bother to absorb. She possessed no magic of her own. She was just a normal girl, worthless to someone like her father.
 Jazlyn lay on the ground panting, watching the blood trickle from her wound.
 The dark-haired Flicker bandaged her wound. “Forgive me, Daughter Draconi.”
He was apologetic, but that hadn’t stopped him from cutting an innocent girl. They weren’t bandaging Doblin, Zonalia, and the others though. They had to kill them to take their souls.
 The Dracon turned to his guards and gestured at the crowd of magi on the other side of the inner ring: Rif, his mother, and dozens more. The pale-faced prisoner shivered in the cold draught. 
 "Now, cut the rest.” The Dracon’s shrill voice echoed off the crystalline walls. “Do not interfere with me while I suck all these souls in. Any disturbance will be punishable by death. "
Royal Companion, Oz Strongfist, stomped his foot into the marble ground. “As orders the Dracon."
The Flickers stomped in reply. “So shall we obey!” 
"How can they be so heartless?” Jazlyn wondered. “They’re murdering hundreds of innocents. Will no one stand up to my father?"
"People follow mindlessly.” Jazlyn’s mother thoughts were growing softer, fading. “I believed in your father once. I was a sheep."
Tears dripped down Jazlyn’s cheeks. Tears and blood and soul mists, everything was pouring out of her today. “I love you, mother. I’m sorry I failed you.” 
“You didn’t fail me, Jazlyn. I’m more proud of you than I can say.” She may have said more, but her voice became a distant whisper.
On the other side of the inner ring, the Flickers' daggers rose and fell, screams of pain, and pools of blood flooding to the crystalline floor.
The mists of one of the magi broke from his body, followed by a second. Corpses stared lifelessly at the ceiling. Jazlyn felt her stomach twist in horror. The severed mists moved towards the Dracon. 
The Dracon took in one mist through his mouth, then another, and another. Jazlyn had almost gone insane just having Asgaroth inside of her. How would her father fare with the minds of a hundred magi? He was mad to think he could absorb so many souls.
					
-<>-

“The Dracon is mad,” Rif thought. “I’m losing my mind with half a dozen souls and he has already absorbed thrice that number and still more are coming.“
“And soon he’ll have yours and mine as well," Arth said.
The Dracon continued to chant, though his voice sounded slurred. “Inside a pain I feel, come to me souls that I would steal.”
 The Dracon swallowed a soul, and then another, and another.  Or were they swallowing him? Drool dripped from the Dracon’s lips and his eyes bulged. His shrill voice warped and broken, yet he continued to chant. He fell to his knees, and half rolled off the dais, but his guards dared not touch him.  He leaned against the dais, on his knees now, but still the sounds poured from his mouth, along with spittle and drool. His guards exchanged glances, but did nothing.
 Rif was one of the last to be cut. All around him mages were bleeding and groaning as the mists emerged from their gagged mouths. The chanting, the groaning, the heart stone beating- it seemed as if they were all performing in a perverse choir of disharmony.
A dark-haired Flicker approached his face looked pale and unhappy. Rif sensed that the man was ill at ease with his orders, yet still his blade dripped with the blood of magi.
 I deserve this, Rif thought, I killed those girls. I’m a murderer. 
Rif closed his eyes, not wanting to watch as the blade bit into his upper arm. In a haze of dizziness. Then, as quickly as it came, the wound subsided its throbbing. He watched a mist drift from his body- he couldn’t be sure whose it was. Perhaps one of the women he’d murdered. The gag did not hold the mist, which moved with the freedom only clouds possessed, unbound by shape or density. He craned his neck to the side and caught sight of his mother. His mother's mist was hanging at her lips as well.
“Not my mother,” Rif thought. “Please, Source, spare her. Please.”
 Night lay on the floor next to his mother. Her face was deathly pale and she kept whimpering. “Grandmother. Where are you? Grandma… you promised.”
The blood sizzled against the amber snakes eating away at the rest of the field around Asgaroth. Rif watched horrified, as the Immortal stood up for the first time in two millennia, his bone armor rattling. His coal black eyes searched the room. 
Flickers were shouting in dread as the Raslonians cheered the same words, “Asgaroth has risen! The Lord of Bones has risen!” 

-<>- 

Ec whispered to Verica. "Go, child. Your time is now, while all eyes are on Asgaroth. Free the magi. The Source will guide you."
It was indeed chaos on the inner ring and outer ring. The guards seemed to be petrified and excited at the same time.
"I hope the Source knows what it's doing," Verica thought, slipping into shadow form. She leapt from the outer ring to the inner, feeling the energy snakes nipping the bottoms of her feet with electric tongues.
She rushed to a bleeding warlock. “I’m here to help you. Don’t move or make any noise, or the guards won’t notice.” She loosened his gag. 
The pale-faced mage whispered, "Who is there? Are you an angel?"
 “That’s the first time I’ve been called an angel,” Verica thought. “Like it better than abomination.” 
 “When the wraiths first came to this world, the Ancients worshipped us as angels,” Lukor said.
“Lukor, do you think this is a good time for a lecture?” Verica untied the warlock's bonds. The mage was missing several fingers. Verica felt a shiver run through her. “The wraiths are the angels, and us humans, the devils.”
She wove through the guards and prisoners towards Jazlyn. “Hold on, Jaz. I’m going to get you out of here.” Verica managed to undo the stubborn knot binding Jazlyn's wrists.
Jazlyn pulled the gag out of her mouth. “Mouse, is that you?” 
“No, it’s your other invisible friend.”
“Oh, her. Thought so.”
Verica hugged Jazlyn, inhaling her scent. Shadow tears raced down her invisible cheeks.
“I’m alright,” Jazlyn said. “Save the others. Go.”
Verica looked around. The soldiers' knives rose and fell, as if conducting an orchestra of murder. The Dracon must have sucked over a score of souls by now. He was on his knees, drooling. 
If there was an underworld, this was it. Still, the Heart Stone beat on.
Asgaroth strode towards Dakarth, his bone armor clacking. Dakarth moved to embrace Asgaroth, but the Immortal held up a gauntleted hand to stop him.
"The Sword," Asgaroth said, his voice so powerful, it echoed even over the cacophony of murder. 
 Dakarth handed a black blade to Asgaroth. The blade looked as if it was filled with a starry night. Inside it were dozens of dots of light dancing. 
"Wait and watch, until I order otherwise," Asgaroth commanded the Raslonian soldiers. 
He held the blade aloft.
 “The Sword of Night was Asgaroth's God-weapon,” Lukor said, “He brought with him when he fell from the sky in his metal box.”
Verica stared at the sword in the Dracon’s sheath. The Dracon's weapon had been the famed Sword of Luminescence. It was the only weapon that could stand up to the Sword of Night.
Four Flickers with spears charged towards Asgaroth. Asgaroth's black blade broke through their spears, leaving them splintered, broken sticks. A smile played upon the Bone King's lips. 

-<>- 

Rif could do nothing more than watch. He watched Thunderstone's mist leave him and fly towards the Dracon. He watched the blood drain from his wound. He watched his mother’s mist rise to her own lips, tenuously clinging to her mouth. He watched as the world around him transformed into a hell worse than his worst nightmare.
Rif squirmed against his bonds. There had to be some way free. He had to save his mother. 
"Please, Source save us,” Rif thought. “I'll do anything. Anything. Be merciful." 
 No mercy was shown. Rif's mother’s mist broke off and flew towards the Dracon. “No,” Rif thought. “This can’t be happening.” 
“Let go,” Belok said, though his voice was growing fainter. “You don’t need to feel this pain. Let me take control. Let go.” 
Rif watched in horror as his mother’s body grew still and quiet, her soul mist entering the Dracon’s greedy, drooling mouth.  
 Rif felt as if the ground had been pulled beneath his feet, leaving only a gasping abyss into which he could fall for eternity. When his father and sisters had been taken by the slavers, his life had fallen apart. This was even worse. Rif had always been closest with his mother and now she was gone to a place from which there was no return. He might as well die as too. 
 “You should’ve listened to me,” Belok said. “The quickest blade rules.”
Genika said something, but her voice was faint. Then it too disappeared, drifting off towards the Dracon. Rif tugged helplessly at the ropes.
“Let me take over,” Belok said. “It’s too painful. Too hard. I’ll give it back. Just let me help you for a moment.”
The pain was too much for Rif. He let go.
 A girl’s voice spoke to Rif…to Belok… from a shadow.
“Don’t be scared. I’m a friend, here to help you. My name’s Verica,” the disembodied voice said. He couldn't see her, but he could feel his bonds falling away. Belok recalled Wayden telling Rif about seeing Verica in wraith-form with Mistress Night. Verica had such pretty red curls and she was being so kind to him. It would be nice to give her the gift. 
 “I've got to go free the others,” Verica said, and she left him.
Belok stared at Rif’s mother’s body. It was cold and still. Rif had cared about her, but she had purple hair. She wasn’t worthy.
Belok rubbed his sixteen-year old wrists where the ropes had chaffed them. He liked his new young body. There was a cut on it though. He ripped off a piece of cloth to bind the wound. Cutting was the old way of giving the gift. He had a better way now. Cleaner just to take the soul whole. His eyes fell on Jazlyn. So pretty, fiery red hair. 
"The Dracon’s not the only one who can suck souls," Belok thought. "I’ve waited a long time for this."

Chapter 29 
Death and Rebirth

The mouse versus the Bone King. The fight is hardly fair. – Asgaroth
-<>- 

Verica’s fingers were numb from untying knots. The moon filled the breached eastern wall completely now.  The mage’s she freed, seemed to be able to break free of the Dracon’s powers. His spell must have been weakening with him, as the Dracon looked barely conscious.  There were still many to untie though. She ran up to untie the bonds of a several magi only to find them was already dead. Verica felt sick, but she forced herself to ignore the dead, and focus on the dying.
Ec had explained to her about the Dracon’s plan to Soul-Steal the powers of all the magi, but hearing about it in the abstract and actually seeing it were two different things. In some ways, it was worse than the physical violation of flesh that blades performed. This was stealing someone’s very soul- the essence of who they truly were. A knife could only kill you, not leave you a soulless husk. 
A Flicker gestured at a wounded mage Verica had just freed. He whispered to a heavy set Flicker, "Did you see the bonds come off that one? And I think he moved. Look there he goes again. Something strange is going on."
The heavy set Flickers looked at his companion, and responded, his voice dripping with sarcasm, “Something strange? Going on here? You don’t say!”
Verica’s shadow form was fading. The tips of her fingers were clearly visible now.
 Asgaroth was battling half a dozen Flickers, chopping down one after another. Morz Lightningblade charged the Bone King. His blade reflected green moonlight. As special as the Kaldian forged sword was, it was nothing in comparison to a God Weapon. The dark blade sliced through Morz’s sword and armor. The Dragon Knight’s blood sprayed in a warm, sickly rain.
"A Dragonknight can't stop Asgaroth, and Ec expects me to fight him?" Verica wondered.
 “Ec foretold you would fight Asgaroth,” Lukor said. “She said all the other junctures led to darkness.”
"Fight and lose," Verica thought.
"She didn't say you lost. She just said you didn't win."
“The difference?”
“Winning or losing are illusory states.”
“It doesn’t look so illusory for Morz.”
“I doubt Ec would have gone to all this trouble, if your fate was to be like that of Morz. She said to remember how you got your scar.”
How could she forget? The chaos of the lab was seared into her memory. The table had moved, red metal, striking into black. Red into black…with a flash, Verica knew what to do.
 Quick as a shadow, and as dark as one, she swept through the maze of wounded and dead. The Flickers had stopped stabbing and focused on battling Asgaroth. She leapt over pools of blood, pale-faced wounded prisoners, and corpses with lifeless eyes. The Dracon was slumped over the dais, on his knees, drool dangling from his mouth, yet still he continued his slow, rhythmic chant. 
She waited, focused, and then lunged, seizing the sword from the Dracon's sheath. The instant she snatched the sword her arm became visible, and the rest of her body soon followed. The Dracon was so far gone, he didn’t even notice. Sir Oz Strongfist did though, and swung his blue blade at Verica, but the Red Sword guided her. The sword wasn’t like Lukor. She didn’t hear a voice. Instead, it guided her with a series of mental images. 
She ducked Strongfist's sword, which clanged against the edge of the dais. Asgaroth strode towards Strongfist from behind.
“Look out behind you,” Verica shouted.
Strongfist smiled. “You don’t think I’d fall for that-”
Asgaroth’s dark sword decapitated Strongfist. The Dragonknight’s head slid from his shoulders and fell to the blood-drenched platform with a sickening thud. 
Blood gushed and splattered- a warm rain of death. Verica felt sick.
“Stay calm,” Lukor said. He sent a cool wave of energy through her, helping her calm herself, for she was trembling from the revolting sight of Strongfist’s decapitated corpse.
Asgaroth’s sword swung towards her own neck.
 “I’m going to die.” Verica thought, but the Sword of Luminescence guided her again, blocking the Black Sword. The whole room shook at the impact. Verica was a good fencer, but she’d never moved this nimbly. It was the sword guiding her.
"How is the sword doing this?" Verica wondered, parrying a second blow. She remembered Night saying the Red Mist entered the blade. Could that have something to do with it?
 The shrill ring of metal against metal echoed through the crystalline chamber. She felt the eyes of the room watching her. She heard murmurs of disbelief. “A little girl blocking the Bone King...Impossible.”
 “Ah, it's Little Mouse. Isn’t that what Jazlyn called you?” Asgaroth laughed. “A lucky block, but you're not quite the Dragonking, are you? What will you do? Hit me with your mumbly-ball? The mouse versus the Bone King. The fight is hardly fair. I just took the head off of Strongfist. How do you intend to stand up to me?” 
The sword guided Verica and she landed a solid blow that cut through the sinews, sending the bones from his armor rattling against the floor.
“Impressive,” Asgaroth said. "But my skin is stronger than my armor ever was. You cannot hurt an Immortal." Asgaroth took a step towards Verica and she took one back. They continued this dance until Verica felt the nipping of Guardian magic crackling at her heels.
"I'm trapped," she thought.
"It's been an honor knowing you," Lukor said.

-<>- 

Wayden, with Alaina behind him, rode the dragon towards the breached wall into Dark Fist. It was hard to believe that Gar Skymaster was dead. He’d dreamt of revenge so often and for so long, but he’d doubted it would ever truly come to pass. Now, it had become a reality. The man who had orchestrated the ruin of his life was dead.
"Or is he? We never saw the body. Gar had a way of withstanding blows that always unnerved me. He claimed to have a trick up his sleeve," Kolram said. "Anyway, Gar is not our immediate problem. The Dracon and Dakarth and their armies are still in the Fist."
Even before they passed into the breach, they could hear the chaos inside: screams, clangs, scrapes, grunts, chanting, rattling, and the beating sound of a heart.  Torches cast long shadows that danced off the walls.
They entered the heart of madness. Dozens of magi lay bleeding in the inner ring, soul mists barely hanging onto their pale-blue lips. The Dracon was slumped over his dais, his eyes bulging, yet, madly, he kept chanting. Wayden, still trying to decide what to do, watched with horror as the Dracon consumed a soul mist. Should he have Harth fire a blast at the Dracon? What about the wounded magi all around the Dracon- would they too be consumed by the flames?
Flickers were pointing up at Wayden shouting, "A dragon! A white dragon! A dragon of light! It's the Dragonking! The King reborn! He’ll save us! He’ll beat Asgaroth!"
Asgaroth. The name hit Wayden like a hammer. He had hoped to avert Asgaroth’s rising, but he’d come too late.  Asgaroth was an Immortal. Even dragon fire could not stop him.
"Asgaroth unchecked means the end of Helos,” Kolram said, “Tens of thousands will die and there is nothing we can do about it."
"Not if I can help it." 
"An immortal is invulnerable."
“There has to be a way. Centuron trapped them. Even if I can’t kill him, I can find a way to trap him perhaps.”
“Centuron used the blood of every type of mage and a Three Moon’s…”
“We have the blood of every type of mage. We have a Three Moon’s Night.”
“But no Guardian to cast the spell. If only Solita was here.”
Wayden spotted Asgaroth in the inner ring, battling Verica, of all people. The Healer’s daughter had got hold of the Blade of Luminesce, which glowed like fire in the dark. Asgaroth swung, and incredibly, the small girl parried the blow.
"Verica saving the world,” Wayden thought. “I have to admit, I didn't see that one coming." 
A bolt from a Raslonian crossbow man bounced off Harth’s scaled wing, but a fireball from Harth sent the Raslonians running for cover behind the pillars on the outer ring. Alaina sent a whisper of fire chasing after them. 
Verica backed up to the edge of the ring. Asgaroth’s sword came down, and...Wayden cringed... Verica dodged! The girl rolled between Asgaroth’s legs and spun around, blade singing a swooping song, arcing towards the Immortal. The Bone King was unbelievably fast as well. He spun and parried. Wayden’s eyes could barely follow their movements, their blades and parries were so quick. But Asgaroth was winning. Verica was being forced backwards, blow after blow hammering down upon her. Flickers fired arrows, but they seemed not to faze the Immortal in the slightest. Fortunately, the Raslonian soldiers seemed to be respecting Asgaroth’s orders for them to stand down, for Verica would have been an easy target for them.
Asgaroth's voice boomed out, even across all the chanting and groaning of wounded magi. “How are you doing this? It makes no sense…unless… the sword…” 
 “Alaina, whisper flame at Asgaroth,” Wayden said.
 “It won't hurt him," Alaina answered.
"Maybe not, but it might distract him and you can be more precise than Harth. Harth might hit Verica."
Alaina let loose a tendril of flame from her lips that stretched towards Asgaroth, snaking around him, setting his cloak on fire. The Immortal laughed. "Fool. You are no Dragonking, for he would know that Flame cannot hurt me. Come down here and fight me like a man."
Wayden was about to tell Alaina to blast the Dracon when he noticed Rif pulling mists from the Dracon, first one, then another, and another. 
"You aren't half the soul thief Arth is," Rif mocked, sneer on his face. 
  What was Rif up to? Could he put the Dracon’s mists back into the corpses?
"If only he could,” Kolram said. “A soul mist cannot re-enter its previous body once it has become a corpse."
Rif pulled soul after soul from the Dracon and sucked them into his own mouth as if he was breathing in a fog. The Dracon was gasping, clutching his throat. Now, it was Rif, whose eyes bulged, who had spittle on his lips.
"Enough!" Rif said, in a voice that sounded deeper and raspier than usual. He broke the connection and the remaining souls flowed back into the Dracon's body. The Tulkarian grabbed a fallen knife and the blade flashed across the Dracon's neck. Blood poured from the tyrant’s jugular, and he slumped to the ground, dead.
The souls that the Dracon hadn’t finished sucking, that were still hovering on their owners lips: Laeko's, Night's, and several others, returned to their owners. Rif had saved a few of them at least. How many souls did Rif have inside of him now? Wayden had a hard enough time with just Kolram.
“We need to find some way to aid Verica,” Kolram said. “The Bone King has her against the edge of the ring.”
Asgaroth stood over Verica, his cloak smoldering. The Sword of Night rose like an executioner’s axe. 
					 
-<>-  

Verica felt the sword guiding her movements. She rolled away from Asgaroth's swing, dark energy cutting a slit in the stone floor. The Fire-whisper’s breath had set Asgaroth on fire, but the heat from his smoldering cape didn’t seem to hurt the Bone King.
Verica parried the Sword of Night as she’d done a dozen times already, but something about the fire had changed things.  As the two swords collided, the room vibrated from the impact. Crimson gushed forth from where the blades had connected. A horribly familiar high-pitched whine filled the chamber.
Asgaroth stared at the shaking ground. “This has happened before.”
It was familiar to Verica as well- the exact sound she’d heard in her father’s lab, before it had exploded. ‘Remember how you got your scar,’ Ec had said. Red and black, like the materials in the lab. And there had been the burner. She had accidentally knocked the burner onto the metal powders…Verica swallowed. I have to warn them.
 “Clear the inner ring! It’s going to explode!”
The Sword of Luminescence vibrated, so much that holding onto the sword was like trying to hold on to a panicking cockerel. Her upper arms shook with the effort. 
 “An explosion won’t wound me.” Asgaroth smiled. “Can you say the same, Little Mouse?”
Verica's sword no longer seemed to be speaking to her and the metal felt heavy in her hands. The red mist billowed from the Red Blade like a cloud. The Lord of Bones towered over her, a cruel smile playing on his handsome features. He raised his sword. The shrill sound intensified and the ground beneath their feet jerked wildly tilting upwards. Verica found herself rolling on the ground.

						-<>- 

Jazlyn, like Verica, recognized the whining sound- the same sound she heard the day she dared her friend to go into the lab. 
If Verica can be brave, then so can I, Jazlyn thought. She echoed Verica’s message, “Clear the inner ring, by the order of the Daughter Draconi! Flickers! Take the wounded magi to the outer ring! This is a direct command, clear the ring!”
"The Dracon is dead,” the Draconess shouted, holding her wounded arm. “I'm now the Ruler Draconi. Heed my step-daughter. Untie and help the wounded magi to the outer ring on your heads be it!"
Jazlyn, though still weak, rushed around with the Flickers untying mages from their bonds and helping them to the outer wall of the crystalline chamber. Jazlyn untied Fire-Whisperer Dade. Dade was groggy and weak, but conscious. He and a Flicker helped Jazlyn bring the unconscious Earth mage, Doblin, to the outer ring. 
"Hello, Princess," Rif said. 
Jazlyn turned to face the Tulkarian. Jazlyn had liked him well enough when she’d talked with him in the Plague Room. He was shy, but kind. Something was different now. The way he stared at her made her skin crawl.
 “Your hair is so pretty," Rif said. A tingle crept down Jazlyn’s spine. Rif gestured and chanted, “Pretty girl with hair of red, suck your soul and leave you dead.”
Jazlyn felt her soul being sucked again, like a hand, thrust into her chest and pulling her insides out. It wasn't just the physical pain either, but the betrayal. She’d counted Rif as a friend. For a moment, her soul quivered on her lips. She thought perhaps she could resist. Then with a snap, her soul broke free. She was flying, her lifeless body slumped on the ground below. She hurtled in mist form towards Rif's open mouth. 


Chapter 30 
A Battle Within

It's a strange thing, being dead. Almost as strange as being alive. -Jazlyn
-<>- 

Mavik pulled his foot free from the scagazi’s grasp. He stomped on the pincer-like hand sending it back into the earth. The Guardian ring in the ceiling shook and then shriveled into nothingness. A high-pitched noise pierced the air. Whatever had happened up there, it had loosened the resistance on the metal tendrils. Mavik felt a distant pull to another Soul Host. One of the pulls felt familiar—was Wayden nearby?
“Let the Source guide you,” Jijari thought.
I better focus on not getting eaten by scagazi, Mavik thought.
Mavik yanked the copper snakes from the Heart Stone. The stone stopped beating. The amber shield around the woman in white vanished. 
The Shadow Queen flexed her pale white fingers. She smiled at Mavik. "It seems you got my message, boy.” Her face was old and wrinkled. Her eyes blank. She stepped forward. The wriggling mass of shadows at her feet moved with her. “I sent it to you through the pulses of the Heart Stone and you came. I should be grateful. As a reward, I’ll let you bear one of my wraiths."
 Mavik’s stomach churned.  The Shadow Queen had sent the prophecies? She's the wraithing Source? It wasn’t possible. It went against everything he had thought he knew. He’d teased Jijari about her devoutness, but he had believed her. The Source would guide them. Everything would turn out all right. Except it wouldn’t. It hadn’t. Nothing would ever be right again.
Jijari was as upset as Mavik and having a harder time accepting the devastating truth. "No…no…No! It can’t be! It’s a trick! A lie!"
Emerelda threw up a shield of energy snakes around them. The Shadow Queen opened her mouth. Dark silhouettes danced on her lips, like dark smoke. Then she blew. A shadow emerged, then another, and on and on they flowed, an oncoming storm of darkness. The Guardian shield kept them safe from the wraiths hissing and clawing at it. 
One of the wraiths moaned, "The snakes. Centuron's curse."
The wraiths that dove at the scagazi sent the monsters howling upon a touch. The scagazi fled, leaping headfirst back into the ground.
Mavik recalled the story of The Boy and The Rats had chased rodents away by releasing an army of tigers who then ravaged the village. Had Mavik done the same? Solving one problem, by creating a worse one? What have I done?
A stone wall slid open, revealing a secret passage. An old woman wearing a hooded shawl woven of spider webs, stepped out of it. She clutched a staff with a glowing, blue jewel in its pommel. Tiny lightning bolts seemed to exploding inside the jewel. Her cowl shadowed her face and Mavik could not make out her features. By her side was a blue-haired boy of about ten years. 
 “Weaver. You have come,” the Shadow Queen said.
The woman in the shawl crossed her arms, fists against her own chest. "Beneath the shadows the spiders rule." 	
Behind her, rows and rows of Woven Men trudged forward, called, “Hail to the Weaver. Hail to the Shadow Queen. Long may you rule.”
 Mavik recognized Finder and Queranos in the ranks of Woven Ones, though he didn't see the Ozac, Anaz.  An army of darkness: Woven Ones, Wraiths, the Shadow Queen, the Weaver… I’ve released the queen of darkness.  I’ve doomed us all.					 
-<>-  

Jazlyn floated above her corpse, as a pure soul mist, coursing towards her murderer.
“It's a strange being dead,” she thought, "almost as strange as being alive." 
No one answered. She didn’t have Asgaroth or her mother’s necklace anymore. Somehow the loss of it made her sadder than even the loss of her own body. She stared down at her corpse. It had been a good body. She’d taken good care of it. All those lima beans had been for nothing.
She entered Rif’s mouth and then darkness…
…and then a soft gray light.
Where was she now? Was this the Sunken Lands or the land of the Eternal Fires? She could hear birds, maybe those were the phoenixes heralding her into the afterlife? She heard water rushing, which might be the Sunken Temple- the Alatians had it right all long. Water was holy, not fire.  This wasn’t Alatia thought, she thought staring up at the sky. It was gray, not with clouds, but a fleshy material. It was as if she were in an enormous living cavern. 
The landscape looked Tulkarian: a tropical jungle, lush with palm trees, vines, insects, and a rushing river. Why would she be in Tulkaria...unless...she’d been heading towards the Tulkarian's open mouth...she was going to be soul-sucked...could it be…but it wasn’t possible…was it? Could she be inside Rif’s mind? She looked down. Her feet had reappeared. She had hands again. A coldness filled her.
"None of this is real," she thought. 
She half expected her mother's voice would answer her, or Asgaroth's, but her thoughts were greeted by cold silence. How did normal people without voices in their heads stand it? It was so lonely.
Figures approached from the distance. As they drew closer, she realized that she knew a few of them: Rif's mother, Royal Companion Jereth Thunderstone, and Rif himself. How could Rif be inside his own mind?
Rif’s cheeks were tear-streaked. "I'm s-s-sorry. I let him take control. It's my fault. It’s Belok. A murderer that Arth soul stole. He was inside me. Now I’m inside him. I’m sorry!"
Jazlyn didn't know what to make of anything. She had no breath anymore yet she still felt breathless. "Rif, can you put me back? In my body? No offense, yours is lovely and all."
"I-I-I can't."
 “You can at least stop Belok from killing anymore," said a dazzlingly beautiful woman with a cat-like face and eyes and long, flowing red hair. She was by far the most attractive female Jazlyn had ever seen. "You can defeat Belok. Don't let him kill anymore."
"B-B-Belok has control. You know that, Genika," Rif sobbed.
"Only if you let him,” Genika answered. “This is your body, Rif. You have to face your fears."
Genika gestured at a dark cave. Vines grew around the rock-like mouth and stalactites hung from its roof like the bloody monster’s maw. The sky turned black and a rumble of thunder pealed across the landscape. Monkeys chanted in the nearby jungle.
Rif sank into the mud as the lightning lit up the sky. "I c-c-can't."
	Jazlyn squeezed Rif's hand. "I know you’re scared. I’m scared too. I’ve never even been to Tulkaria, much less someone’s mind. You have to stop this man.”
“He’s too strong. He’s a m-m-monster.”
“He’s part of you. You can stop him. You can control him. Please. You have to try."

						-<>- 

Wayden helped mage after mage onto Harth's back, with the aid of several Flickers. For many of the magi, it was too late. For every one they saved, two more lay stone dead already. One more failure to add to his list. 
 Wayden turned to see Rif standing over Jazlyn’s body. Rif's eyes seemed different, cruel, like another person was wearing Rif's body....could it be? Was this still Rif…or Belok wearing him?
Wayden stared horrified at Jazlyn's body. Wayden shouted, "Rif- if you are in there. Don't let Belok control you. Put Jazlyn back! Put her soul back!"
A smile played across the lips that once belonged to Rif. "Ah, the Tulkarian's friend, Wayden isn't it?"
"You’re right. That's not Rif. Order Harth to blast him."
Wayden hesitated. “Rif, you can do this. Put Belok back in his cage.” 
Rif tensed his fingers and chanted, "You who are my enemy's friend, let your life outside me end." 	
Wayden felt Kolram and his own soul being pulled towards the Tulkarian.
"Too late," Kolram said, his voice growing distant. "Now we are his."
“This really hasn’t been a very good day.”

-<>- 

Rif neared the castle where the beast, Belok, now resided. The castle was made of ice. The portcullis, the walls, all solid ice. At Rif’s side were the Daughter Draconi, Genika, Arth, Thunderstone who looked red-faced and furious, Rif's mother, and a dozen other magi he’d sucked from the Dracon.  Some of the women he’d murdered were there as well. Lauranna, the little girl, was there. He’d killed so many.
I’m a monster, Rif thought.
Thunderstone tried to enter the castle, hacking at the portcullis’s icicle bars to no avail.
"Rif, you must go in there alone," Genika said. “This is your mind. Belok can’t keep you out.”
Rif touched the portcullis. His hand passed right through it. 
"You must be brave, Sweet Possum," his mother said.
“You can do this, Rif,” Jazlyn said. The daughter Draconi was so beautiful. How could he have killed her? It was all his fault. He had to put this right. “We believe in you. Now, you have to believe in yourself.” She kissed his cheek. It tingled. He screwed up his resolve.
 He entered a long dark tunnel. A dripping sound resonated off the cold stone. Shadows danced all around him. Rif's heart beat as loud as the Heart Stone.
"Belok," Rif said. "I want c-c-control back."
A huge wind blew at Rif from somewhere deep inside the castle kicking up a spray of ice. He could barely inch forward against it. He saw up ahead a throne room. The throne seemed to be made of flame and on it sat a monster, black shadows with red glaring eyes.
“Why would you want to sit on this throne?” The figure asked.  “All it will give you is misery. Let me give you the gift. You can rest now. I will do this for you."
	Rif’s limbs felt heavy. It was so hard to push against the wind.
	“It’s all in my mind. It’s my mind,” he told himself. He took a step forward.
	Rif saw Genike frozen in a block of ice.
	He knew it wasn’t real. He’d just left her outside. He pushed forward against the wind. In front of the throne was a pool of swirling energy. Somehow Rif recognized it as the Source energy that they accessed for the Soul-stealing.
	Screams erupted from the castle entrance. He could hear his mother screaming, “Help me! Help me! Rif come back and help me.”
	An obvious trick. Belok was getting sloppy. Rif took another step forward. He was at the throne now. Belok leapt at him, pushing him against the pool of swirling energy. In the pool, Rif saw the faces of all the women he’d murdered.
"You just made your first mistake, Belok. You just reminded me of why I’m doing this.”
With a surge of power, Rif twisted and threw Belok into the pool of swirling energy.

-<>- 

The last of the Guardian energy around the Dragonking dissolved washed by the blood of magi.  The blade smoked and a mist arose from the metal and flew towards the body of the Dragonking. For a moment, the mist slithered through the bristled beard and then crawled up the Immortal’s chin and into his mouth.
Darius's blue eyes flickered open and the red-bearded Immortal whispered something. 
Flickers shouted, "The Dragonking! The King is alive!"
Dragonking mumbled something.
The Flickers shouted, "He Speaks! He speaks! What did he say?"
"I said for the love of the Silver Lady someone get me a drink! I have the worst bleeding headache. You there, little girl. Give me my sword back."
Verica threw the sword to Dragonking. He caught it in mid-air, while leaping, surprisingly nimble for a man of his girth. Darius's blade descending on Asgaroth, who parried the Blade of Luminescence with the Sword of Night. Sparks flew and the vibrations intensified. The floor rocked like a ship in a tempest. 
The Tulkarian stood over Wayden, the boy she’d met in the orphanage. The Tulkarian was chanting and a mist swirled on his lips, his eyes bulging. The Dracon’s body lay by the Tulkarian’s feet, his throat slit...and... Source no.... Jazlyn! The abyss between the rings widened and deepened, almost as large as the one inside Verica's heart. 
Verica channeled her emotions into a compact ball of pure rage and avenging justice. “You killed Jazlyn, you wraithin’ bastard.”
The Tulkarian’s eyes flickered. "W-w-wait, that-” Verica hurled herself at the purple-haired boy.
The Tulkarian’s eyes bulged and he gagged for air, his hands slapping against the vibrating stone floor.

-<>- 

Alaina untied Laeko's bonds, feeling frightfully exposed. She had lost sight of Wayden. Madness was all around her- the floor shaking, the Immortals parrying each other’s blows, magi bleeding, purple smoke billowing… she forced herself to focus on saving Laeko. The Woven ones had told her to do this. She was playing right into their hands. But what was the alternative? To let the woman who was in all but blood her true mother die? She ripped a strip of linen from Laeko’s robe and bandaged her wound. Alaina knew little about medicine but the cuts didn’t appear overly serious.
 “Darius! The Red King has arisen! It is the end of days!” Nadra said.
“And that’s a good thing?”
 The Dragonking didn’t look like much to Alaina. He was just a big man who waggled a big sword. Alaina knew a hundred Sky Raiders of his sort, and not one that she liked.
She helped Laeko to the outer ring and a Flicker tended to her wounds. Where was Wayden?
The Dragonking shouted at the Flickers, "Stand back! This is a war between Gods."
A group of Flickers stepped to the outer ring, and Alaina caught sight of Wayden laying on the vibrating ground groaning. Alaina leapt towards him. 
“I’m alright,” Wayden said, as Alaina checked him for wounds. 
The edge of the inner ring was beginning to crumble away. The high pitched whine grew even louder. How long till it exploded?
Alaina helped the still dazed Wayden onto the dragon. Wayden was muttering, "Mavik. His pull. He’s near."
Alaina felt it too. There were other Soul Hosts nearby- three or four she estimated.
“Harth fly us off of here. It’s going to explode,” Alaina said, while fastening her leg straps. Then the world erupted.

-<>-

The dragon rode the shock waves of the explosion. Below, Wayden watched with horror as Verica, Rif, Dragonking, Asgaroth, Jazlyn's corpse, dozens of wounded magi, all fell into the abyss that had been the floor of the inner ring. Miraculously, before they hit the ground, their descent slowed. An amber field of woven energy snakes formed a blanket beneath them, slowing their fall. 
He felt several Pulls from down below. Mavik was down there. He was sure of it now.
 “And Solita!” Kolram said. Kolram was right. There were other pulls there as well. One was likely Solita’s host, the blonde girl Laeko had described.
His eyes scanned desperately, searching through the chaos for Mavik and the girl. Through the haze of the energy field, he saw two dozen scagazi, men who dressed as Anaz used to, in wrapped black and gold linens, a Heart Stone, and...there they were! Mavik- thin, bruised, and filthy, but- amazingly alive. Mavik was less than a hundred paces away! 
Wayden just needed to wait for the debris and wounded to be lowered down, and then he’d fly Harth and scoop his brother up. They would rebuild their lives together, perhaps claim the old plot of land where there manor had once stood in Templeton. Surely, the Draconess would reward Wayden for his role in helping stop Asgaroth. Everything would end happily after all.
The milk-white woman waved her hands and whirlpools of shadow spun from them. The dark energy crackled and hardened, moving like a trickling tide of tar across the abyss that had moments ago been the inner ring, sealing Mavik and the others underground. He let out a howl of despair that echoed off the walls louder than a dragon’s roar. 
Alaina whispered fire at the dark shield, Harth clawed at it, sending black sparks flying, but none of it to any avail. Wayden closed his eyes. "They were right there. I saw him. He’s still there. Down there in the dark!"

-<>-  

"Wayden!" Mavik shouted, his heart crumpling in his breast. “No! Source no! He was so close!”
He’d seen Wayden, flying on dragon back no less! He had just been right overhead. Now he might as well have been on the other side of the green moon. 
The Source- cursed be its name- had betrayed Mavik again. The black field sealed him from his brother, from the surface, from escape from this nightmarish labyrinth they found themselves ensnared in, from long-awaited freedom. Eight years in a slave camp just to fall into an even darker prison. 
Mavik howled louder than a skywolf in blood lust.
Emerelda plugged her ears. “All right, Mav! Enough! I need to be focusing to bring these fallin’ magi down.”
Emerelda must have been as upset as he was to be trapped underground. He admired how she could focus on the wounded magi without a thought to her own imprisonment. 
Mavik recognized several wounded wizards from the Slave camps. Some looked dead, or close to death. There were other magi he didn’t know and…. could it be...Asgaroth and Dragonking...was he dreaming? Had they been freed from their imprisonment somehow? Had Mavik done that as well when he’d pull the metal tendrils loose? How much damage had he unleashed upon the world? Perhaps he deserved his fate. But Emerelda didn’t. And he would see her free if it was the last thing he did.
Emerelda finished lowering the magi. Mavik and Emerelda ran towards two of the wounded they knew from the slave camps: Opel the Glower and Kura Rockbody. Emerelda cast her magic shield around them and Mavik bound their wounds with strips of linen, torn from the magi’s own clothes.
The Weaver raised her staff and webs spun around the Dragonking and Asgaroth, who were still stunned from the fall. They might have been Immortal, but they weren't strong enough to break these bonds, even though they were clearly struggling against them. A vein throbbed in the Dragonking’s flushed forehead. “Weaver, you wraithin’ traitor.”
The Weaver chuckled. “Traitor? I didn’t know we were ever on the same side.” She walked over to the wrapped up Dragonking and ran a finger across his face. Linen followed her finger, gagging the Dragonking. His curses turned to muffled sounds of protest. “I’ve been ever faithful to my friend, the Shadow Queen.”
The Weaver walked over to Lila, Queen of Shadows. They placed their palms against each other. Their joined hands seemed to glow for a moment.
Asgaroth bellowed, “I’ll tear your wraithing bones-”
The Weaver gestured and linens bonds wrapped covered his mouth. The Weaver picked up the Sword of Luminescence from the ground and the Shadow Queen lifted the Sword of Night. They hoisted the blades into the air. 
“It was almost worth the wait,” the Shadow Queen said with a smile.
A Tulkarian boy held his leg and groaned. The Connection spell bound Mavik to the boy. A woman with a cross-hatch of scars across her face and hair as white as the Shadow Queen's stood up. The scarred woman said, "Grandmother, it is me. I knew you would return. I saw it in the water-"
Lila, the Queen of Shadows, held up her hand, silencing the old woman. The old woman’s face formed a hurt expression. Lila looked at the Tulkarian boy and said, "Come forward, soul thief. You have swallowed many souls today. They weigh heavy upon you. You shall be relieved" 
The Tulkarian stepped forward warily. His eyes were watering and his face pale. The seashell beads braided in his hair bobbed as he stepped forward.  She ran her pale hand across the boy's temples. 
The Shadow Queen smiled. "You hold the seedlings in your mouth. Now, it is time for the hatching."
Mavik's breath caught in his throat, as mist after mist poured from the Tulkarian's mouth. The tiny clouds entered the various sculptures in the room.
“She has a way of controlling the sculptures,” Jijari's thoughts were groans of despair. “She has the two God Swords. She has an army of magi and wraiths.”
All that faith in the Source, all those years of hardship, had lead Mavik to this? Helping the Shadow Queen acquire freedom and an army? What would the queen do next? Invade the surface? Start a fourth Dark War? 
And Mavik had helped her. He’d dreamed the Source was using him for some high and noble purpose. Instead, he played the harbinger of doom.
Emerelda threw up a shield around herself, Mavik, Opel and Kura Rockbody.
The wall slid open. An Ozac with red eyes and long silver hair stood in the doorway. 
“Anaz,” the Weaver said, her voice raspy and quiet. “What news my child?”
“Centuron is coming,” Anaz said. “We couldn’t hold her off any longer.”
"You’ve held her off long enough,” the Weaver said. “I do not wish to face the Guardian now, on Three Moons Night with the blood of magi still dripping. It is time for us to go.” The Tulkarian boy, the scarred woman, the sculptures, the wraith possessed magi, and the other woven ones stood in a line. She gestured at a wall. The rock groaned and slid open, a moist breeze blowing in through the aperture. The wraiths and possessed bodies plodded behind her, an army of shadows. 


Chapter 31
A Prisoner of the Shadows

Save it for the trial. -Tundor
-<>- 

Wayden stared helplessly down at the Dark Field, willing it to open, but the Source was deaf and the Dragonking a prisoner of the shadows.
"Dragonking!" Flickers gestured at the darkness. “No! Come back! Don’t leave us!”
The Draconess shouted, "Get him out! Break that shield!"
The old woman from the slave camps, Laeko, stepped forward. "They can't. The Shadow Queen used a field like this to keep the Immortals from invading the Weaver's World. Cast on a Three Moons Night- it would be indestructible."
Dakarth stared into the abyss. “All our plans for naught.”
Crow stepped towards him. “Patience, brother.”
“Brother? Crow what...” the Draconess asked. “Oh….so… that’s...oh..."
Crow removed his mask. Karsgoth was almost as similar to Dakarth, as Mavik to Wayden.
The Flickers looked nervously at the Draconess. A notch ago, they had cut her arm. Now surely they were worried about losing their heads. Wayden couldn’t say they wouldn’t deserve it.
"Enough!" cried the Draconess. "Sheath your weapons.” She turned to face Dakarth who was staring open mouthed at the dark field separating his father from him.  The Draconess stepped towards him, head held as high as when she’d been ensconced in scarlet silks rather than a blood stained rag. “Dakarth- as much as this pains me, it is in our mutual interest that declare a truce. We need to work together to free our Immortal Lords from this new unholy prison.”
Dakarth walked over to the canopy of black energy that now sealed the Well of Tears. Soldiers hammered on it with cudgels and maces. Black sparks flew from the shield, but no discernible damage or hole was made on its face. Alaina let out a blast of fire that roared futilely against the shield. Others were searching for a secret door, or stairway, digging into every stone crevice to no avail.
Dakarth sighed. “So be it. Let us just hope it doesn’t take us another two millennium to do so."
A Flicker took off his helm. Wayden recognized the sandy-hair and tattooed face of Healer Conrick, though he was dressed in armor, instead of his yellow robes. “Your Majesty. Allow me to tend your wounds.”
The Draconess pulled up the torn sleeve of her robe while Conrick withdrew a container of balm from his satchel.
 “Brother," Dakarth said, turning to Karsgoth, who was still holding his crow mask in his hands. "Have you seen anything about this in the water?”
Karsgoth shook his head. “I don’t understand. I peered at this juncture a thousand times. How could this have happened? The Source-”
Laeko let out a loud laugh. All eyes fell on her. “Don't you see?" Laeko asked, her silver eyes shining. "The Shadow Queen manipulated the Source to show you what she wanted you to see. She was trapped in the Heart Stone… a Source Generator." 
"How did she get free then?" Dakarth asked.
Fire-Whisperer Dade, whose own injuries were also being attended, said, “Perhaps the explosion freed her.”
“Whatever caused it, she is free now, and we must assume the Dragonking and Asgaroth are her prisoners,” Karsgoth said. “Once we penetrate that barrier we must prepare for war.”
A cold wind blew through the breached eastern wall.
"Who knows what evil has been unleashed this day," the Draconess said. "This is your doing Dakarth. And yours Crow." The Draconess winced. Turning to Conrick she barked, “Will you be gentle for the love of fire?”
"I'm sorry, Your Majesty," Conrick said.
"First you fools cut me, and now you kill me again with tourniquets. Give me one good reason I shouldn't feed the lot of you to Volkanus?" Draconess asked.
Dade cleared his throat. “Your Majesty, these men were merely following your lord husband’s commands.”
“And so are excused for mindlessly cutting their liege?”
 "That is a discussion for another day” Dade whispered. 
The Draconess grumbled. "Fine, Dade...but when this is over-"
"It's not over yet, Your Majesty," Dade said, though he looked ready for it to be. His face was pale and he wobbled as if ready to collapse. Still, there was a hint of fierce determination about the Fire-Whisperer that Wayden couldn't help but admire.
Dakarth asked the Draconess, "How do you propose we go about this rescue?"
The Draconess regarded him coldly for a moment, before responding. "An earth mage could dig us a tunnel. We have Doblin, the Digger mage, but he is grievously wounded."
"He might live. He and others need immediate care," Healer Conrick said. "I need  more supplies to treat his wounds. We should make for the nearest hospice."
"Take the third squadron with you. Post haste," the Draconess said.
Conrick saluted and then began organizing the transport of the wounded. They were to be placed on horse drawn sleds instead of winged wolves, to avoid aggravating their wounds.
The Draconess fussed with her bandaged arm. “The underground Lair of the Weaver stretches deep. There are other ways hidden beneath the ground. What about our Red Guardian? A Guardian mage might be able to open Centuron's gateway, if we can find it."
“Dead,” Dade said.
"We could utilize the children magi- Solita's host or Sigel’s," Dakarth suggested.
Karsgoth shook his head. "We haven't found Grandmaster Sigel’s host in the last fifteen years; I don't think it likely we will find him now. As for Solita’s host, I am fairly sure that she was underground, casting that Guardian Shield, though it is a mystery how she came to be there." 
"Doblin may be our only hope," the Draconess said. 
"There are always shovels and pick axes," Dade suggested. “But it would take thousands of men.”
	“A joint operation employing men from both our nations.” The Draconess screwed up her lips, but there was a glimmer in her eyes.
"Flickers are not welcome on Raslonian soil whether armed with shovel or spear," Dakarth said.
"We're here now, with swords and shields" the Draconess replied. "And may I remind you, this was your doing, not mine. Still, however trying the circumstances, the Land of Light will not rest until the Dragon King is restored to us."
"She may have the right of it," Karsgoth said. "Such a digging operation would require many men and a long time. Is it not worth some cooperation, to help get our beloved father back?"
Dakarth nodded. "Very well. We can work out an agreement, I'm sure."
 “Are there no other Earth magi left but Doblin?” Wayden asked Kolram.
 “There are several lesser earth mages,” Kolram responded, “but a true Digger mage who can tunnel with his mind is as rare as a Glimpser.” 
 “Digging them out will take months at least,” Dade said.
“Then the sooner we get started, the sooner our Gods can be saved,” the Draconess said.
 “What type of Gods need to be saved?” Wayden wondered.
 “The ones who aren’t Gods at all.” Kolram answered.
"And once we dig them out, what then? Will they continue fighting endlessly?"
"An excellent question."
"If it will take months to dig them out, then Mavik and Solita's host might be dead by then. There can't be much food underground."
"The Woven Ones and the Guardians live down there. There must be sources of food and water. We must-"
"We also don't know what the Shadow Queen will try next,” Dakarth’s voice broke through Kolram’s thoughts. “She might unleash an invasion upon us."
"All the more reason for us to put aside our warring and join forces," the Draconess said. "Dade, begin the preparations for our return journey. Assign a squadron to remain here to bury the bodies. Make sure they give them a proper burial. And then they can help with the digging operation." The Draconess turned to Wayden. "Burnt Darius: I have many questions for you, but for now let me just say the nation owes you a deep debt of gratitude, as do I personally. You saved my life."
Wayden felt a myriad of emotions stir simultaneously: elation at surviving, vindication for playing a role in the downfall of Gar and the Dracon, annoyance at being called Burnt Darius, but overshadowing them all was a sense of loss. Rif had been a friend, and he was as much one of Belok’s victims as Jazlyn had been. Jazlyn, his first crush had been murdered. Verica, who had so bravely sacrificed herself to free them, had fallen into the abyss. Mavik, so close, yet so far, had been sealed underground with dark magic. It was too much to bear. His insides felt sore and raw.
 “What if the Shadow Queen has Mavik as a prisoner?” Wayden asked. “Or what if she killed them?”
"You feel the Pull still,” Kolram said, “They are not dead. Do not give up hope. Solita is still down there. I sense her. We will save her, Verica, Mavik, and many others. Perhaps even Rif, if he is not beyond redemption.”
Wayden did feel the Connection still. Hope rekindled like a coal upon a breath. 
"Could you use a Magic-finder to locate an Earth mage?" Wayden asked.
 "We don't have one. Doesn't the Skymaster have a Magic-finder?" The Draconess asked, "As much as I would hate to do business with him, perhaps for a price we could get use of his man, Goat."
Wayden cleared her throat. "Both the Skymaster and Goat are dead. Skymistress Yveka is now in charge."
The Draconess raised an eyebrow at this. "You have much to tell me. Perhaps you will do me the honor of informing of what has transpired, on the flight home? I've always wanted to fly upon a dragon."
"I'd be honored. When are we leaving?" Wayden asked.
"Within the notch,” Dade said, “We shall start getting organized immediately."
Alaina tugged at Wayden's arm. “Can you and Harth fly me to get Red Paw?”
An intense weariness settled over Wayden as he clambered back onto Harth. He was quiet for a moment, feeling for Mavik’s pull. It was still there, as were the ones from Mavik, Rif, Solita’s host, and perhaps another. Wayden wanted to tear open the earth with his bare hands and pull Mavik out. 
And what about Rif? Was his friend completely consumed by Belok?  Or did a hint of his old friend remain buried deep within the killer? And Verica. The brave girl had saved Wayden’s life and many other’s lives, battling not only Asgaroth, but Rif as well.  She was the true hero, much more so then he himself was, and she deserved to be freed.
Alaina clambered on behind him and said, "You really know how to show a girl a good time, don't you?"
Wayden didn’t answer. Didn’t she understand how he felt? The whole world was boiling inside him, his insides felt like a volcano ready to erupt, but he bit his lip. Alaina couldn’t know how he felt. She didn’t know about Mavik, or the others.
Alaina touched his shoulder. “Is something the matter?”
Wayden at that moment felt incapable of explaining the emotions that swirled inside him, as fresh as bleeding wounds. “Nothing. I’m fine.”
The dragon and the wolf flew, and the cold air felt good against his cheeks. They flew into a landscape of snow, the green moon high in the sky. As they flew Wayden managed to explain what he’d seen in the pit. It helped to do it while flying, so Alaina wouldn’t see the moistness in his eyes. 
Alaina squeezed Wayden's shoulder. "Don't worry. We'll bring them back somehow."
After a notch of flying, Harth landed near the dragon pit. 
“Cursed place,” the dragon thought.
Red Paw was still tethered, and she looked upset.
Alaina walked across the snow towards Red Paw. Being raised in an all-boy orphanage meant Wayden hadn’t known many girls. He knew Alaina had only kissed him because of the threat of imminent death, but he hoped that the kiss was the seed of something more. Daughter of the Skymaster or not, Nadra's host or not, she was amazing and unique. 
Wayden saw something move from the corner of his eye. A shadow moving? His skin prickled.
Wayden turned to see a figure barreling fast towards him. He just managed to grab Gar’s wrist, holding his wrist inches from his jugular. Gar was the stronger of the two and his blue blade drew closer and closer to its target, sharp tip glittering in the moonlight.

-<>- 

The army of woven creatures followed behind the Shadow Queen and the Weaver into a secret door in the rock wall. 
"The boy released the soul mists,” Verica thought. “Jazlyn-"
"He must be a practitioner of Soul-stealing," Lukor said.
 “And he sucked Jazlyn's soul inside of himself and just released it into one of those strange sculptures,” Verica thought. “But which one? Which one is Jazlyn? And why would the sculptures be following the Weaver? Why would Jazlyn follow the Weaver?"
"The Weaver has some hold on them,” Lukor said, “She seems able to control her sculptures."
"So Jazlyn is alive, but a puppet of the Weaver?"
"It would appear so."
"We have to rescue her. Why can't the other wraiths see me?"
"You'll appear to be a just shadow to them unless you let them be aware of your presence."
"You wraiths must sneak up on each other a lot."
"Sneaking is strongly discouraged in wraith culture."
"Pardon my manners then. I’ve got some sneaking to do."
		
-<>-

Mavik finally felt he could breathe, as he watched the last of the army of darkness disappear behind the secret doorway. The walls echoed, as they slid shut behind the last Woven One.
“Kura, Opel, you alright?” Emerelda asked. She dropped the Guardian shield and turned to their two wounded friends.
The two old witches from the slave camps were groaning and pale, but alive, thanks to Emerelda’s quick thinking. Mavik examined the strips of filthy linen they had used to bandage the magi’s wounds. They needed to find cleaner ones- but how? Emerelda and he had no way of caring for the two magi. They couldn’t move them without aggravating their wounds and they had no supplies. They couldn’t stay here, they had to find a way out of this prison.
 A stone wall opposite to the one the Weaver went through groaned and slid open. Emerelda cast another shield around them, though this one seemed to have large gaps in it. Her Source energy was nearly depleted.
The approaching sound of clinking armor and heavy footfalls rushed through the gap of open darkness. The light from Emerelda’s hands illuminated a knight wearing golden armor. Soldiers wearing golden surcoats followed, holding scagazi on leashes. The knight gestured at Emerelda’s shield and said, “By the order of the Guardians, make this shield yield.” Her amber shield dissipated. “Seize them.”
 The scagazi leapt at Mavik and Emerelda, seizing them. The creatures didn’t bite however. They simply held them tight.
“What you be grabbin’ us fer?” Emerelda asked. “We ain’t with the Weaver. I be a Guardian like you.”
“You are nothing like us,” the golden knight said, sliding open his visor. Blond sweaty hair was matted and pressed to a handsome face. “Freeing the Shadow Queen is punishable by death.”
“Is that what we be lookin’ like we be doing?” Emerelda asked. “I be thinkin’ we just trying not to get killed.”
“Silence!” the blond haired Guardian said. “You shall have your trial.”
"The Order of the Guardian," Mavik thought. “Centuron controls the scagazi?”
“It makes sense,” Kolram mused. “Centuron is a powerful Beast Tongue. While Darius was stronger with dragons, Centuron was stronger with insects. Scagazi are more insect than mammal.” 
Opel whispered. "Please. Help me, I’m wounded."
"She looks pretty bad, Tundor. So does this one," a woman soldier gestured at Kura. "We need to get them to Healer."
The golden armored Tundor nodded. The Guardian Soldiers flanked Mavik and the others and brought them through the opening in the wall.
"What be you doin’ with us?" Emerelda asked.
"No harm will be done to you until after the Judgment," Tundor said. "If you are innocent you have nothing to fear. If you are guilty you will be thrown in the Pit."
 “We only be freein’ the Shadowqueen because you sent your scagazi to kill us!” Emerelda said. “It be our only hope.”
“We sent the scagazi to stop the prophecy from coming true,” Tundor said. We foresaw you freeing her.”
“Then you caused it!”
“You dare blame us? I ought to strike you down right now.”
“Sir, Centuron’s orders were clear.”
“I know my duty, Tessa. Enough talk. Let us proceed.”
He felt something squirming in his robe. A white head popped out. He’d almost forgotten his father’s pet rodent. He cleared his throat and addressed Tundor, "Take me. Leave the rest of them. They’re innocent. I'm the one who freed the Shadow Queen. If anyone deserves to be punished it’s me."
“Are you a Guardian?” Tundor asked.
“No.”
"You couldn't have freed her without the help of a Guardian mage.” Tundor prodded the wounded mage who had confessed to being a Guardian.
“It weren’t him,” Emerelda said. “It be me.  I did it.”
 “So many confessions. I'm not the one you'll need to convince," Tundor said. “I’ll be sure to relay your confessions to Centuron though. And then I wish you luck once Centuron casts you into the Pit.”	

Chapter 32
 Nothing Truly Ends

Nothing truly ends, only changes and weaves like the corridors of the Weaver's World-Kolram

-<>-

The tip of Gar’s blue knife loomed closer and closer, till the tip was almost up against Wayden’s neck. Wayden strained to push it away from him, but the Skymaster was the stronger of the two.
“You should have made sure I was dead, Kolram” Gar snarled. "I’ll be sure to cut you enough that I won't make the mistake. Removing your throat ought to do the trick."
Then Gar pulled out of Wayden’s grip, raised the knife, and…a line of flame hit Gar, melting his knife and searing the flesh in Gar's hand became skeletal. With his skeletal hand, Gar grabbed Wayden’s neck and choked. It was true what they said, Gar wouldn’t die. 
But how was he still alive? Gar was no Immortal. The flesh wouldn’t have burnt off his hand if he was. His face looked crushed from the fall, that wouldn’t happen to an Immortal. 
Wayden saw a tunnel of light ahead. He felt like he was stumbling towards it. He imagined Kazor, Anaz, Nanny, his mother- all waving to him from up ahead. ‘Come join us,’ they seemed to be saying.
"I can't die,” Wayden thought. “I have to save Mavik.”
"Hold on. Don't give up. Fight to stay alive," Kolram said, “I think Gar possesses a second artifact besides the necklace." 
Could Gar have got hold of a second God-weapon?  What could it be? Wayden’s eyes roamed up and down Gar, desperate to find something. His mind flashed backed to Dragonclaw, the wounded soldier who was healed by his bracelet. One of the gifts of Sylvia, Dragonclaw had said. Wayden’s eyes fell upon Gar’s armband.
He had to let Alaina know somehow, but Gar was choking him, closing his windpipes. Wayden summoned a last surge of desperate adrenaline, and kicked out sideways, sending Gar sprawling.  Alaina rushed forward and Wayden whispered, “The armband” before hands of bone closed around his throat once more.
Alaina whispered a thin, precise line of fire. The red line of heat burnt into Gar’s arm around the bracelet The Skymaster screamed in pain as his arm became burnt bone. Wayden twisted and kicked at the weakened arm. The armband slipped from his skeletal wrist, hissing as it fell into the snow.
Gar collapsed on top of Wayden, cold and lifeless. Alaina helped Wayden regain his feet. Harth said, “Well done, man child. The dragon will miss the man child, when we part ways.”
"You could have helped you know," Wayden grumbled.
"Man-child didn't ask," Harth said. "It is a great offense to take the glory of the fight from another. It is the Way of the Scale."
Gar’s armband sat steaming in the ice, its golden leaf gleaming from snow melting upon its heated metal.  Wayden used his cloak to snatch it up and dropped it into his pocket. It felt warm against his leg.
He stared at Gar’s corpse. He prodded the body with his foot. Yet one more corpse. He'd hoped that he was done with death and battle. He’d hoped all this troubles were over. Yet it seems like they’d only just begun.
"Nothing truly ends, only changes and weaves like the corridors of the Weaver's World," Kolram said. “Even death is not the end. No energy is destroyed, only changed from one form to another. We’re all connected, and yet…we’re all alone.”
Wayden walked over towards Alaina, who was staring at her father’s dead body, her face a lighter shade of green. 
“I’m sorry,” Wayden said. “I know what it’s like to lose a parent.”
“I suppose I shouldn’t feel anything about him being dead,” Alaina said. “But I do. I mean, I’m glad he’s dead, but I can’t help but wish he’d been a better man.” 
“When I found out Kelsen had become a collaborator, it felt horrible. Our parents- they are supposed to be better than this.”
“My grandfather beat Gar so badly when he was little, Gar lost his eye. If I have children, will I do that to them? Are we bound to repeat the awfulness are parents did to us?”
“You’re nothing like your father,” Wayden said.
“Yet. But what if I change. Become like him.”
“Your very fear of it will stop you.”
“Slow me maybe. But people do what they know. I’ve grown up steeped in hatred. It’s in my bones.”
“But not in your heart. You might have to guard against your instincts. But deep down, you care- you want to do right, and that will make the difference.”
Alaina stared at the burnt corpse. “Let’s get the wraith out of here.”
Wayden clambered onto Harth, and Alaina rode her wolf. They flew through the starry night. The green moon had disappeared already, leaving only the two smaller moons, like lovers in an open sky. The wolves flew over the icy tundra, and Wayden could feel Alaina weeping as she clung to him. 
When they landed in the Fist, almost everything was ready for departure. Wayden realized he was starved and thirsty. He asked a Mantu supply master for drink and food. The Mantu bowed her head. "This one is honored to serve, young master."
 Wayden downed a full wine skin in one chug. Beads of wine dripped down his chin. "May I have a second?" he asked the Mantu.
"Perhaps you are the Dragonking reborn," Kolram mused.
Alaina sipped a water skin more modestly.
With an empty belly, Wayden felt more than a bit tipsy as he clambered onto Harth for the flight home.  Alaina noticed and tightened his leg straps. “You wouldn’t be the first Sky Raider to fall off his steed. It’s a mistake you can’t make twice because the first will kill you.”
Then Harth soared into the night sky.
So much had happened; it felt like a bad dream. He had his vengeance, but it had been costly. Jazlyn dead. Rif, Verica, and Mavik trapped underground. He’d failed them. He should have saved them.
"You did more than anyone could have expected,” Kolram said, “I'm proud of you."
The squadron of wolves and one dragon must have made a strange sight to anyone in Raslo or Deep Woods who happened to be gazing skywards. As they flew, Wayden told the Draconess what had transpired with Gar. She seemed frightened at his words, or perhaps it was more just that flying on a dragon wasn't quite as fun as she thought it would be.
	After a full day of flying, they landed at South Watch. There was snow here as well, though a lighter dusting graced the boughs of evergreens. The dark-skinned Flame, the shaven-headed female healer, and several Flickers came out to tend the wounded. Wayden counted the surviving magi. Not counting the eight that had gone with Conrick on the sled, there were twenty other survivors. If they rescued Mavik and the Dragonking they might be able to save a dozen more, but hundreds were dead. Wayden had failed them.
"You saved more than would have been saved if you hadn't risked your own life and limb to fly into what we all thought was certain death,” Kolram said. “No small achievement for a fifteen-year-old."
"Sixteen," Wayden thought. "Did you forget today is my name day? We had a party and everything." 
"And what a party it was!"
"You mean you didn't get me anything? How thoughtless of you."
"I may be bodiless, but if I become thoughtless, what would be left?"
"Just a loud talking mouth. Oh wait, that's what you already are."
"A hit, a palpable hit."
Wayden and others helped the healers treated the cuts with a mixture of honey and kava leaves, and then replaced the old bandages with fresh linens.
Alaina whispered rather heatedly to Laeko, as she dressed her wounds. “You knew didn’t you? The Weaver asked for me to save you. You knew that the prophecies were fakes.”
Laeko shook her head. “I guessed, I didn't know. It has been many a year since the Weaver and the Shadow Queen included me in their plans. I’m surprised she even thought of me at all.”
"She specifically wanted me to save you," Alaina said, tightening the bandage.
"Odd. The Weaver is not a particularly sentimental person. Why would she be worried about saving an old woman like me? I tell you I know nothing."
“I find that a bit hard to believe.”
“You’re hurting me.”
“Good.” Alaina stormed away.
Was Laeko telling the truth? If she was lying, she was delivering a fine performance. Still, if Wayden had learned nothing else, it was that some were as skilled with lies as Dragonknights were with blades.
Wayden approached Alaina, who was starting up a campfire with her breath. Wayden envied her, flint was far less accommodating than Fire-whispering. Even wet from the snow, the tiny pieces of wood caught quickly and soon the flames leapt skyward. Alaina pulled up her sleeve and drew her knife.
“Enough, with the cutting,” Wayden said. “Enough blood has been shed. You're right that butchery should be taken seriously, but I think you should include yourself in that sanction."
"I don’t want to be like my father. I don’t want to take killing lightly."
"You shouldn’t. How about a moment of silence and prayer to remember the dead? If your father meditated more, and cut less the Nest would’ve been a more peaceful place.”
 Alaina chewed her lip. “Perhaps you’re right. A moment of prayer and meditation sounds good. My head feels like it is about to explode. You know the Hum of Bantos?”
Wayden nodded. He took her hand and placed it against his chest and then began to hum a single note softly. They prayed, staring into the dancing flames for a long notch. When they stopped,  Alaina stood and paced. “I don’t know what to do. I’m not the Skydaughter anymore.”
“No, you’re something far better," Wayden said. "Come to the Red Palace with us. They don’t have enough people left who are skilled with sky wolves. Not to mention you possess the powers of the Grandmistress of Flame”
Tears brimmed in Alaina’s golden eyes. “I don’t belong there. I don’t belong anywhere.”
“None of us do.” Then Wayden smiled at Alaina, squeezing her hand affectionately. “And all of us do.” Wayden laughed. “Besides, you told me you would let me take you to a ball.”
“Wasn’t that what we just attended?”
"I had in mind a different kind of dancing. One that involves less fire and steel.”
“What, that wasn't good enough for you? Percussion from the Heart Stone, Asgaroth and the Dragonking dancing- what more could one ask for?”
Wayden smiled. They stared at the fire for a while longer. Finally Wayden said, “I wish there was some way I could get Mavik back. This waiting...it's so hard. And whose to say by the time I get to him he won’t be dead already?"
Alaina held his hand. "I know. I wish there was something I could do to help."
"You could stay with me."
"And what? I’m a mess right now. I’ve got to find myself, figure things out. Maybe someday I'll be ready, but right now, I'm more of a volcano than the Red Palace. I think I need to just fly by myself for a bit."
“What? Without Red Paw?”
Alaina laughed. “Well, that might make the flying bit tough.”
"Will you come back someday? Do you promise?"
Alaina flicked her tongue. "The wraiths couldn’t keep me away. Anyway, I’m not going anywhere just yet."
She leaned her head against Wayden’s shoulder and a moment later Wayden heard soft snores. He lay her onto a blanket and put another over her. A drop of moisture fell on her blanket. He was surprised to find tears racing down his cheeks.
	The next day, they made good time, arriving before sundown at the Red Palace.  The dragon entered through the craterous mouth of the volcano and landed in the Court of Flame. Guards and servants were helping the unloading of the wounded. Dragonknights helped the Draconess down from Harth’s back and Dade off of his wolf.
Volkanus let out a sad moan from her bed of lava. An acolyte and a tall, gangly Mantu servant were scrubbing the sickly dragon. 
"Another dragon!" Harth said. "Sick. Dying. The line of the dragon must not fade. So says the Claw."
	Volkanus did seem at death’s door. His scales were more than half gone and his skin was covered with huge scarlet boils. His eyes crept open only for moments at a time. Wayden leapt off Harth, and rushed across the stone floor towards Volkanus.
	"What's wrong with him?" Wayden asked the acolyte attending him. The apprentice turned, and with a start, Wayden recognized him as the pale-faced man who had been paying Gior to suck his soul. The man seemed to recognize Wayden as well. His face paled and he trembled.
	Volkanus let out a pitiful moan. “Poison.”
	Wayden’s eyes widened. He studied the huge, scarlet beast. The patchy white skin reminded Wayden of his father’s old dragon cats. One day one of the dragon cats had a reaction like this and they had to send for a healer. What was it he’d said? It came back to Wayden in a flash. He addressed the tall, thin male Mantu, scrubbing the dragon's flaky scales with a polish.
	"Stop!" Wayden said. "Stop scrubbing."
	"You there— halt." The Draconess bellowed. She studied Wayden curiously. "What ails?"
	"In the mansion I grew up in—" Wayden began.
	"You grew up in a mansion?"
	"My parents were Laisa and Kelsen of Templeton. We lived in the Telek manor. My nanny scrubbed our pet dragon cat—" 
	"What a peculiar pet. Dragon cats are filthy, wild animals."
	 "That's what Nanny said, and she scrubbed him with a base powder. The Healer told her she had to stop doing that.  Dragon blood is acidic."
	The Draconess barked at the Mantu, "Lay that polish down immediately!" 
	The Mantu servant did so, and bowed. "This one meant no offense, Madam. This one was told to use this to polish the dragon."
	"Who gave you that order?" the Draconess asked.
	The Mantu pointed to the acolyte.
	The acolyte’s face reddened. “Lord Crow.”
	And had he obeyed unquestioningly because Crow had paid him and he desperately needed money for Gior?
	"Crow… Karsgoth," the Draconess's face reddened. "He has much to answer for."
	Crow and the Draconess had exchanged harsh words, as the Flickers prepared for leaving Dark Fist.
	"Crow you betrayed us," the Draconess said. "You will pay for this wrong you have done our nation."
	"The name is Karsgoth. And I thought we were allies for the time being?" 
	"For the time being. The greater the trust, the truer the allies. You may be allies for now, but you’ve done little to win my trust."
	"You threaten us," Dakarth said. "But your army is weak and ill-armed. Your dragon is sick. I would tread carefully, Draconess."
	Wayden had half wanted to let Harth eat them. It still made him angry to think about it.
	The white dragon settled in next to Volkanus in the pool of lava. Harth licked the flaking scales with a thin forked tongue.
	The Draconess said to Dade, "Get Belza immediately. Tell her of the situation and have her tend the dragon."
	Dade shook his head. “Belza was one of the wounded taken by sled to Lumberton."
	"Well get Lahart then," the Draconess said.
	"Lahart was buried before we left Raslo. Evio is our highest ranking Beast Tongue at the moment."
	"Evio? Who is that?”
“An apprentice of Lahart’s.”
“An apprentice of an apprentice. Does he even know a dragon from a dog? Tell him one has wings and the other barks. Curses, what a mess. Well, don’t just stand there. Fetch him.”
“Her, Your Majesty.”
“I don’t care if she is an it! Get her!" the Draconess said. She shook her head watching the Fire-whisperer scurry off. "Gah! Half our magi dead or wounded. Dracon Niar’s name will go down in infamy.”

-<>- 

“Well, I guess this is goodbye,” Alaina said. They stood by Cook’s lake. The heat from the lake struck against the cold of winter and steam billowed up in tall towers, pillars of sky.
"Where will you go?" Wayden asked.
"I'm going to fly to Kaldia, first. See if I can win the skywolf-flying competition in the Blood Games. Then maybe I’ll visit the Diamond City in Tulkar." 
"It might be dangerous there. Rif told me—"
"Rif- that’s the Tulkarian boy who almost killed you?"
"That's the one. He said his whole family was captured by slavers—"
"Too bad they didn't capture him too."
"Rif wasn’t evil.”
“No, choking you was just his way of saying hello.”
“The souls inside him got the better of him somehow."
“Same happened to my father. Except the soul was his own.”
"It was different with Rif. He was—a friend.”
“You always think the best of everyone."
“I didn’t at first. I didn’t even give him a chance, but Kolram told me too, and you know what? Kolram was right. Whatever happened to Rif, whatever he is now, it wasn’t because he had purple hair. It was because the Dracon messed with things he never ought to have.”
 “Take care of Laeko for me."
After a notch, she clambered onto Red Paw's back. She smiled at Wayden, dampness upon her cheeks. With a shake of the reins, she was gone.
Wayden felt as if he had a hole in his chest where his heart had been. He tried not to cry, but he tasted something salty on his lips. Heroes didn't blubber, but that was okay because he was no hero. He was just a boy trying to do the best he could.
“That, my young friend, is what a hero is,” Kolram said.
“Speaking of young, how old are you exactly?”
“That I will never tell.”
“You’re a descendant of the Dragonking right? So what are you like two hundred? Two hundred and fifty?”
“Two hundred and fifty!”
“There is no way you are any younger than a hundred.”
“I’m seventy five.”
“Seventy-five! You’re old enough to be a great-grandpa.”
“I’m old enough to be dead.”
 “You can’t die yet. Wait till we’ve saved my brother.”
“I serve at your pleasure, My Lord.”
Wayden wandered passed the guard at the gate who bowed to him. Being a hero would take some getting used to. He got a bit lost, and passed the same guard about three times, before the guard took mercy on him and reminded him the way back to in his new quarters. 
It was small, but had a beautiful view of Cook’s Lake, though that just made him think of Alaina again. He had a sleeping pallet and a chest to keep all his possessions in. Now he just needed some possessions. Still, it was the most comfortable place he had rested for eight years. He’d just dozed off, when someone rapped hard on the door.
He opened the door to find a Mantu and a blonde-haired girl. The Mantu was the supply master with the different colored eyes, who had given him the wineskins at Dark Fist. The woman was pretty, with sparkling blue eyes and dark hair. 
"We must go now," the Mantu said.
"Pardon?"
"My name is Ravenna,” the older girl said. “This is Ec. You must come. We have to go now. My friend here is a Splasher. We have to get you out of here before Ko has you imprisoned."
"Ko?"  Wayden asked surprised.
“A Purist Fire-Whisperer."
"I have had the misfortune of knowing him. What about Ko? The Draconess will keep him in line."
"The Draconess is about to be removed from power," Ravenna said. "Ko’s coming back from the Three Temples. Neruk and Ko have gained support and claiming to take over rule till the next choosing. They are using the Dracon’s accusations of treason against his wife as proof that she cannot remain in power. The Draconess is seeking to get support from the Temple of the Dragon, but for some unfathomable reason they are supporting the Purists.” 
Wayden remembered the acolyte who had owed money to Gior. His family were rich and influential in the Temple of the Dragon. Could that have something to do with their support? Had they been bought off?
“A Purist will be even worse than Niar,” Ec said.
Wayden shivered. The Purist movement had fallen out of favor after Dracon Borleat nearly brought the Land of Light to ruin, with his campaign to purge non-human elements. If Ko was a Purist, then people like Ec, Verica, and Alaina would be banished, enslaved, or killed.
“We have to warn the Draconess,” Wayden said.
“One of our members is telling the Draconess now, but we have seen in the water that Neruk and his son Ko will be seizing power for the foreseeable future.”
“I’ve had enough of visions and prophecies,” Wayden grumbled. “How do we know the Shadow Queen isn’t playing us again?”
 “There was no pulse this time," Ec said, "The messages the Shadow Queen sent through the Heart Stone pulsed as the Heart Stone did. This one should have noticed it. This message was clear. There is a way into the underground. We must seek the Followers of Bantos.”
“The Woodsmen? They're dangerous bandits.” Even as the words came out of Wayden's mouth, he thought of the kindly Healer Conrick who had denied it flatly.
Ravenna's face reddened. “My brother is one of the Woodsmen. He's no bandit."
Wayden held up his hands. “Very well. I suppose we need to move then. Let me get Harth."
Ec shook her head. "Harth will not come with us on this journey."
"What? Of course Harth will," Wayden said.
Ec shook her head. "You will see."
In the end, Ec was right. 
"Man child has been friend to Harth. but Volkanus is dying, perhaps the last of our kind. Harth's first duty is to the claw."
Wayden tried to explain about Ko taking over, but Harth didn't care. "The affairs of man mean nothing to Harth. The Dragon line must be continued. Such is the way of the Fire Blood. So speaks the Egg.” 
There was no changing Harth’s mind, and every moment they wasted trying was putting them in more jeopardy, so with a sigh, Wayden said goodbye and moved quickly out the South West gate.
Ec nodded to the officer on duty and the officer nodded back. Horses awaited them. Laeko and a huge Ozac were there too.
“This is Org,” Ravenna said. “He’ll be joining us.”
Org’s mount was a large, black warhorse. Wayden's was a small green dragonhorse. Wayden didn't know her name, so he decided to call her Green Chameleon, in honor of Swiftrider and his horse. Laeko shared the horse with him. Ravenna and Ec both rode on the back of a single palfrey.
Snow fell from the sky, casting Deep Woods in an icy glaze that crested bough and stump in a blanket of peacefulness. 
What new adventures were ahead of Wayden, he could only begin to guess? The future had suddenly been stricken wide open and it no longer seemed to he was destined to be a nothing, and all the possibilities in between were strewn like a rainbow cross a sun-kissed sky.



The End
