


Alex Opalstone 
and the 
Window of Heaven's View: Life 101
Part 1
By T.M. Meek
Published by T. M. Meek at Smashwords
Copyright 2010 - 2014 T. M. Meek

License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.




Author's Note: If your heart yearns to know all of God's most important answers to the most important questions of life then pray with sincerity of heart for His answers. Pray to the Lord to send you his messengers, missionaries who will teach you scriptural, biblical truths you still may not yet know about the gospel of Jesus Christ. Pray to be able to recognize the difference between those who have only some of God's truths and those others who have all of God's most vital saving truths to teach you in their purity for your happiness in eternal salvation. 
Pray with faith and believe that God hears and answers prayers. You can pray vocally in the privacy of your home or silently with the privacy of just the thoughts and feelings of your heart and the Lord will answer your prayers. You may find the view of life God has to teach you is spectacular as you finally find a vital spiritual element to your life that may currently be missing without such glorious truths. –– T. M. Meek




Table of Contents

Chapter 1: Dream of Heavenly Lights
Chapter 2: Invisible Protection
Chapter 3: Well Intended Warning
Chapter 4: Glade’s Escape
Chapter 5: Home Sweet and Funny Home
Chapter 6: Silly Julio and Lovely Leena
Chapter 7: The Success Crew is Born
Chapter 8: Mysterious Scroll
Chapter 9: A Wise King Would Give Away His Kingdom for This
Chapter 10: The Meano-trio
Chapter 11: Wise Pastor James Talks with Linda Wise
Chapter 12: Revealing God... and His Enemies
Dictionary
Faith Terms
Financial Terms
Social Terms
Appendix: Angels to the Rescue: The Miracles Alex Imagined in the Chapter 2 Car Accident



Chapter 1: Dream of Heavenly Lights
Everything you know is about to change.


Alex and Glade Opalstone had always been blessed with good friends. In fact, some might say their ability as teens to have so many great friends was a superhuman power since no one else at school seemed to be able to be as well liked as Alex and Glade were. But their eldest brother, Dex, didn’t seem to have the same gift of abundant friendships. Much of the sibling rivalry Dex started in the Opalstone family centered on this although he feigned ignorance and just called the problem by another name in his lies. Dex’s jealousy over not being as popular as Glade was expressed in his anger.
It was during one of Dex's rages that Alex had first learned some terribly insulting labels. Some of these derogatory slurs began with the letter “f” and others with the letter “q.” Although Dex hissed these insults at her other older brother, Glade, it pained her to hear it primarily because Dex was so wrong. It was at times like these that taught Alex how mislead Dex was about what healthy, nonsexual love really looks like. Pure love, simple affection and uplifting friendships seemed to be foreign to Dex.
About a year ago, Alex had come home from a swimming party at a friend’s house. When she arrived back home and entered through the front door, she heard furniture falling and glass breaking in between punches as Dex was beating up on Glade in their  two and a half million dollar luxury home.
“Why can't you be normal?!” Dex yelled at Glade. More wrestling and stumbling of furniture continued as Glade desperately tried to defend himself.
"Stop hitting me! Leave me alone!" Glade yelled back in desperate defense.
Dex’s insulting accusations were confusing to Alex since, although Glade was still a virgin, Glade was the most popular boy in his class and it was well known throughout the school that he was dating one of the most popular and pretty girls in the whole school and had been for several months. Alex was fairly certain Glade wasn’t dating any guys so why would Dex use insults to say Glade was gay? But this thought didn't matter as Alex saw Glade's blood on the wall as Dex was hitting him so hard. Dex was wrong about a lot of things. And he was wrong again now as he beat up Glade.
The fight had moved to the living room which connected openly to the dining room. Dex and Glade were standing up with arms tangled in alternating attempts of blocks and punches near the end of the nearly ten foot long formal dining table that connected the two rooms. Alex dropped her swim towel and tote bag and used the element of surprise to attack Dex from behind.
With lightning fast speed she jumped up on top of the table and ran along the lengthy top of it towards the back of Dex. As she reached the end of the table she was  barely two feet behind him so she jumped onto his back with an intense fierceness neither Glade nor Dex had ever seen before. She quickly put all of her angry strength into a choke hold around Dex's neck. The choke hold she used she had learned once before from him.
"Stop hitting him! Stop it now!" Alex roared in Dex's ears tackling him from behind and knocking him to his knees. The fight ended shortly after that with Dex wrestling Alex off of him as he forcibly removed her grip and threw her little body against a nearby wall like a rag doll.
This made Glade snap as he screamed, "You leave her alone!" and he threw a final punch square into Dex's face bloodying his nose. Dex stumbled a bit in shock and gave Alex a punishing look for catching him off guard and allowing Glade a final physical advantage.
Glade was actually three inches taller than Dex but Dex weighed at least twenty pounds more than Glade – twenty pounds of rock hard body building muscle. Dex had stopped fighting and Glade was keeping his distance. Both Glade and Alex were fighting back angry, bitter tears. Alex had gotten back to her feet and all stood breathing heavily and tired from the physical exertion and emotional drain of it all.
"You're not normal and I'm not going to live with a freak," Dex smugly spit in final disgust and walked away.
Alex reached up and hugged Glade's neck as he knelt down closer to Alex's level. "I love you, Glade. I don't know why he thinks he has to be like that. He's a jerk!"
"I love you too and I don't know why he's like that either. Thanks for saving me."  They broke apart and looked at one another as they wiped away their own tears.
"You've done it plenty of times for me," Alex replied.
"Yeah. That's true."
"I'll go get the first-aid kit," she said racing off.
Glade then went into the kitchen to help himself to a bag of ice for his head. He sat at the kitchen table and Alex hurried back with the kit. She sat down by him and opened up the kit and started digging around for supplies. She still felt furious over Dex's inability to control his temper and bigotry. "This has to stop, Glade. When is it going to stop?" Alex said in subdued but angry tones.
"I don't know."
"Where's Mom and Dad?" she asked as she readied some hydrogen peroxide on a cotton ball and began tending to his wounds.
"I don't know," he replied softly. He then groaned in pain and adjusted the bag of ice on his head. His cheek was cut, his nose was bloody and swelling was creeping in.
"Why won't Dad do anything about Dex?" she asked in frustration.
"I swear, Alex, I'm going to run away. I swear. One day soon I am leaving and I'm never coming back. Never!" he added tearfully.
Alex didn't want Glade to leave because they were so close as brother and sister. Alex and Glade loved each other dearly. It's easier to love and trust someone who has been through similar pain as you have. Empathy and compassion come more naturally when you know someone who understands your pain and cares all the more for you because of it and this was Alex and Glade's sacred bond. She knew he meant what he said and that scared her.
It scared her because most kids can't make it on their own safely. She thought of the dangers of violent strangers who mask their cruel intentions with kindness and how they so often prey on runaways and other vulnerable types to lure them away from public places of safety and harm them in so many awful ways. Then other thoughts came as she wiped away the blood from his face. How would he make it financially? Would he drop out of high school? Doing that was financial suicide. He would certainly face a future of homelessness if he couldn't properly support himself financially. Too many people still didn't realize that. But then she had a final thought that made her feel a bit selfish and guilty for thinking it: If you leave, who will protect me from Dex?
But Alex didn't share any of these thoughts other than to simply say, "You know I don't want you to go," and fighting back more tears she added, "but I'd understand if you did."  Glade knew if anyone would understand, Alex would.



One year had passed since that dreadful memory of that fight and Alex was one year older and one year wiser. With so many sorrows in the world, many of which seemed to happen whenever Dex was around, Alex couldn’t help but to wonder why God would allow so much suffering. 
One night, as she lay pondering upon why life can be so happy sometimes yet so sad at others, she drifted off to sleep and had a dream she’d never had before. It was totally surreal. She dreamt she saw the peaceful, misty white background of heaven, where the white curtains to a levitating wood framed window magically drew themselves open to reveal the deep and rich colors of outer space that came closer in view. The window itself expanded with the glorious panoramic scene of the universe unfolding an unobstructed vision of a divinely planned repeat of heavenly history. 
In the vast darkness of outer space with various planets and elements showing forth colors of vibrant blues, indigos, greens, magentas and yellows scattered among an endless blanket of brightly glowing white stars, a large beautiful and green endless grape vine floated in space, flowing and glowing in a radiance of white light that grew and grew while appearing closer in view. From this large and splendid Vine blossomed several thousand grapes, thousands of scrolls of ancient writings and one single planet earth.
The view zoomed in on the new uninhabited planet. A few small islands resided near a single large land mass that took up roughly one third of the available space in an ocean that otherwise covered the marvelous new globe. Other than this one large land mass and the other tiny islands near it, there is no other land on the entire sphere. 
This earth fell from the Vine to its appointed place in space and although it seemed to be separate and apart from the Vine, a single strand of bright light revealed that it is anything but separated as the power and force that emanates with love continued to connect this new earth to its Creator. The light was invisible to mortal eyes. Nearby a large sun shined forth its first rays of light to the right of the newborn earth while on its left a new moon and then stars shined forth their first beams of light.
Beginning its natural rotation in space, several thousand tiny drops of bright white light began to gently shoot forth from the Vine. The contrast of the blackness of outer space made the light practically blinding to look at directly. These small drops of lightning bright light fired  forth and took their places on the giant land mass as well as the smaller islands to cling to their appointed place becoming colorful, mature grasses, trees, flowers and various kinds of shrubbery. Several more drops of light land in the bodies of water across the globe. 
Then, after a few brief moments, a shower of tiny targeted creations of brilliant white light shot forth from the Vine again landing upon the great land and into the depths of the ocean bringing into creation all kinds of animal life in their adult forms as lions, bears, elephants, chickens, tigers, and fishes of all kinds. Birds and insects and every type of animal life were created and began to fulfill their unique purposes. 
These showered lights of creation eventually slowed to a stop and there were a few moments of reverent silence as this new world continued to rotate in space near the brilliantly radiant Vine. All of these lights of creation remained connected to the Vine by a lifeline of bright white light. 
Then a single tiny ball of shimmering white light was birthed from the Vine and took its place on the large mass of land introducing the first human, a man, into this beautiful world. Then, in an effort to perfect the man and all humankind, very shortly thereafter another shimmering ball of white light was again birthed from the Vine and took its place as another human, a woman, placing her closest to the first ball of shining light on the land, the man. Both orbs of light and all previous showers of light had their own individual strand of shining light that kept them connected to the Vine.
The second ball of human light then severed her life saving connection to the Vine and the first ball of light, the man, did the same. Then all strands of light broke from the Vine and disappeared so that none remained connected to the Vine thus leaving only a small flickering flame of spiritual light to remain deep within all living things.
The two human orbs of light then moved together to a different point on the land far from where they originated. The first ball of  light went and found a lamb and brought it near the second ball of light and placed it upon an altar of rocks to be sacrificed. 
The inner light of the lamb separated from its body and left the earth. Moving through space it returned to the Vine. This sacrifice – a symbolic prophecy of the future fulfillment of God’s sacrifice to save the souls of all humankind – resulted in the reattachment of the vital lifesaving strand of salvation as an ever more brilliant, lightning bright white light for both the woman and the man and all forms of animal life towards future immortality.
Then a single tiny ball of light was birthed from the Vine as another human, this time as an infant, and landed near the two original spheres of light. This third birth as the first human born to mortal man and woman began life with its own connection back to the Vine via a life saving strand of glorious white light until several years passed and it eventually became separated from the Vine leaving only a small flickering flame of spiritual light to remain deep within its soul. Anytime after separation the third human may freely choose whether or not to reconnect to the Vine.
Then a fourth single tiny ball of light as a second infant mortal was birthed and gently landed close to the first three while arriving with its own line of light until time passed and separation occurred and the fourth mortal must choose to either reconnect or not to its original divine Parent Vine for the blessings of eternal heavenly relations. 
This cycle is repeated with the fifth birth as well as the sixth and seventh and all other new arrivals as human infants. Slowly but surely the pace of the  increasing number of spirits birthed as mortals becomes a little faster and a little faster and a little faster. 
Some human orbs of light shined more brightly than others as they arrived in birth and the increasing number and pace of births began to cross paths with other lights that were departing earth through death. Mostly animals departed at first and eventually humans began to return to the Vine through death. This coming and going of various balls of lights remained constant while gradually increasing in numbers.
Time showed that some human orbs of light chose not to reattach to the Vine’s nurturing white outstretched branches once their line separated while others chose to reconnect with the Great Vine. 
The view zoomed in on a specific point on the great mass of land to magnify a scene where several prophets of old were writing on scrolls. The earth then slowly rotated as many of these scrolls became individual books that then floated up into the air and then stuck to each other as a magnet of a small library of books that came together on a shelf until finally they became one single large book. 
The large book grew larger and larger until it covered nearly two thirds of the large land mass. The view of the earth then tilted down below this large book to a lower section of the land to reveal several more prophets writing on what appeared to be brass or gold paper of which all of these writings became individual books that, like the large book, merged into another book which continued to grow until it became about half of the size of the first book. 
These two books radiated with a white light that shined brighter than the sun as they rested side by side so massive in size that they entirely covered the large body of land on the earth.
Alex sat up straight in bed and wide awake. “That’s a record-breaker!” she whispered to herself in shock. She kept a record of dreams she had over the years and ranked them by importance. This one was off the charts. Nothing like that had ever happened to her before. She wondered why she was given the dream more than she wondered what it meant as she was clear what most of the symbolism meant. She knew she had better record it now before she forgot any details. 
She looked at the clock. It was 4:30 am. She reached over by her desk and grabbed her digital voice recorder and began repeating the dream back to herself as an audio journal. She decided she could transcribe it later.
When she finished recording, she turned the recorder off. She saw that she could sleep another hour before her alarm would go off so she decided to get more sleep.



Alex's eyes opened as she woke with a smile to the sound of one of her favorite songs starting to play. She hated the sounds most alarm clocks annoyingly blared into the sleeping ears of those who bought them and used them. So she was glad to use her new mp3 music alarm. The alarm was a gift she had just received for her thirteenth birthday a few days earlier on August 31st. This was an appropriate gift as it was the first week of a new semester at school and the first week of her finally becoming a teen.
As the music played, her two backup alarm systems, Twinkles and Bubbles jumped up onto her bed to also help wake her. Her pets were two tiny Yorkshire terriers that were also recent birthday presents that Alex loved almost more than life itself. After a few moments of giggling by Alex, she knew she needed to let the two dogs out of her bedroom so they could go downstairs and out the doggy door to use the bathroom as they needed.
She paused her music, knelt and said a brief prayer of thanks to God for keeping her safe as she slept.  She thanked him for other blessings and asked for some specific help to have a good day. Then she unpaused the song and got ready for school.
Having quickly brushed her teeth and changed her clothes, Alex picked up her black and white checkered backpack from off the floor, unzipped it, stuffed in her cell phone, charger, laptop and the most recent issues of three well known financial magazines she liked to read for fun. She turned off her alarm music and raced out her bedroom door.
As she thundered down the curving stairs to the first floor, she nearly ran over her second older brother, Glade, who was quickly coming up.
"Whoa! Watch out, kiddo!"Glade said playfully as he tried to keep from running into Alex.
"Sorry," she smiled with some embarrassment as she stopped and moved around him. She then quickly moved down the rest of the long set of stairs. Being on time to catch the bus for school was a part of her self-assigned responsibility to avoid any trouble with Dex.
"Are you going to leave me without a hug before school?" Glade asked Alex with a chastising smile. Glade was Alex's favorite older brother. Even though he was two years older than Alex, they looked like they could be twins with the only exception being that he was taller and he obviously had a shorter and more masculine hairstyle. They both had sandy brown hair and Alex’s hair resembled a modern but classy twist to a pageboy style. Not one to wear long hair, Alex felt that the chin-length style was just right for her.
Glade and Alex were the best of friends as brother and sister. Every Christmas holiday they would stay up late and play board games and card games by the Christmas tree lights. Glade would make his famous homemade cheese ball and they would eat it together as they played and listened to their favorite music. They made sure to keep the music low enough so they wouldn't wake anyone up. She liked how he would invite her to join him to hang out in the backyard in summer time and sun tan while listening to pop music hits on the radio. She loved that anytime they got into a backyard water fight that he always played gently with her and never broke the rules of whatever game they played.
One of her favorite things he would do in their family pool was to launch Alex off into the deep end when she was old enough and proved to be a good swimmer. He would launch her by having her climb up on his back. He would then squat down under the water where she would quickly put her feet on his shoulders. Then he would lift her up out of the water as he stood up fairly fast which would semi-catapult her into the deep end of the pool. They both liked much of the same music, books, movies, fashion designs and most importantly they both had the same motivation to avoid Dex.
Alex turned around and raced back up the stairs with a smile, she gave Glade a big hug and he kissed her on her cheek. She then raced back down the stairs as he said, "Have a good day at school."
"You too!"
"I love you!" he smiled, yelling loud enough for her to hear as she raced away.
"I love you too!" she yelled back. He then turned and hurried up the stairs to finish getting ready for school. He would catch a ride with a friend to get to their high school but Alex needed to take the bus to get to her middle school.
Alex raced into the kitchen past her Dad and then through the living room. Twinkles and Bubbles were laying on one of the living room couches and they watched as Alex raced by. As she ran towards her dad's bedroom, her dad saw her and yelled from the kitchen to her, "What do you need in my room? Don't go in there! Your mom is still sleeping!"
Alex nor anyone else in the family ever knew when their dad might be home as he was usually gone to work early in the morning before anyone else woke. He often didn't arrive home until sometime after dinner. Such was the life of a famous surgeon.
Most American kids didn't have a dad who was one of the best heart surgeons in the world – even when they come from a white family as Alex did. Alex's dad, Francis Ribould Opalstone III had invented several medical and technologically advanced breakthroughs that were used in hospitals and by patients around the world.
The millions of dollars he'd earned from various income streams related to his specialty in cardiovascular surgery easily afforded him the seven thousand square foot mansion that Alex and the rest of her family called home. His good business acumen helped him to negotiate the final purchase price for the mansion at a bargain of $2.6 million dollars as it sat on a fairly large lot as compared with other homes in their upper-class neighborhood.
"I'm getting money for school," she yelled back as she passed through the living room before arriving at her parent’s bedroom door.
As soon as she arrived at her parent’s bedroom door she became as quiet as a mouse as she turned the knob to open the door. She figured her mom wouldn't wake as long as Alex was fast and quiet. Her dad always kept extra cash in his top clothes drawer. It was usually only two to three thousand dollars and she'd need at least a hundred to get through the week. She grabbed two fifty dollar bills and crept out just as quietly as she crept in.
She then ran back into the kitchen to grab some food to go. She always hoped her dad wouldn't ask any questions about if she might be taking money for anything other than for her lunch. Sometimes he didn't ask. Sometimes he did. This time he didn't and she was relieved as she was having a hard time trying to think of ways to respond in case he asked.
She thought of this while she tried to decide what food to bring with her for breakfast and lunch. He wouldn't like it if he knew she still made friends with some of the poor kids at school – even though she was helping them out. Her dad had argued with her over it before and it was a subject she preferred to avoid. Time was passing fast and she needed to be gone to catch the bus for school as soon as possible.
She grabbed a few things to eat and her dad opened the fridge, grabbed some individually wrapped snack cheeses and said, "Here. These are healthy snacks you can add." He then placed a few snack cheeses into her lunch bag.
"Thanks, Dad," she replied. She then zipped up her lunch bag and hurried out of the kitchen and out the door.
"Have a good day at school. Stay safe. Don't talk to strangers," he said as she ran out.
"Okay. Bye Dad!"
Alex would be about ten minutes early to her bus stop but that was fine with her. She was out of the house and had successfully avoided any trouble with Dex. She would wait until she was safely on the bus to read any of her financial magazines. She pulled out her phone and put some ear buds in her ears to listen to music but she kept her music volume low enough to hear anything nearby. She wanted to be aware of her surroundings as she was alone at the bus stop.
Just like her dad warned, she needed to remain cautious of the dangers of strangers. But why wouldn't her dad protect her from the most common danger she faced almost everyday? Alex had learned that the most common danger for most kids was the dangers of the people they knew and lived with. Too often, members of one’s own family are  even more dangerous than the bullies at school. She once read of a charitable organization  that made its sole purpose to increase awareness of abuse kids experience at home since they then go to school and try and hide that they are being abused.
As she got on the bus her thoughts continued. She knew that although not every kid is abused, so many were. Many were being abused by one (or sometimes both) of their parents either physically, sexually or emotionally by insults, neglect or an overwhelming pressure to achieve. And if one of their parents wasn't abusing them, then possibly one of their siblings was.
She thought of how common it was for guys to bully guys that are chaste by accusing them of being gay instead of applauding them with the complimentary label of one who is virtuous for being a virgin. She wondered also at how ironic it was that her father, a doctor who was supposed to care about the well-being of others, didn't seem to care enough about the hearts of those in his own home. She then thought of Glade and said a silent prayer in her heart of gratitude for her safety and success in avoiding Dex and prayed that Glade would have the same success that morning and every morning for the rest of the school year.
Little did Alex know just how quickly and dramatically that prayer was about to be answered.




Chapter 2: Invisible Protection


Alex was quickly jolted out of her thoughts as the school bus began rumbling to a stop at her school. “GREEN FORREST MIDDLE SCHOOL” appeared in all capitals along the top of the large square entrance to the old brick school. It was located across the street from Green Forrest Elementary where she first attended school. The middle school had originally opened in the mid nineteen seventies and it showed in every worn out floor mostly along the center as the foot traffic of countless students and hundreds of teachers and other school staff had walked the halls much like Alex would today.
But Alex didn't know when she woke up this morning that today would be the last day she would ever attend Green Forrest middle school even though it was only the first week of a new school year. None of her teachers knew either that today would be her last day there although a few suspected this day would come sooner or later. Either way, that day was today.
“Alex!” one student said loudly as he ran toward her. “I’m two bucks short for lunch today. Can you help me?” he asked as he breathed heavily after running to her.
“I just need to get some change real quick,” Alex nodded. “Don’t move. I’ll be right back.” The boy nodded and stayed put while Alex went over to start her usual routine.
“Hi, Melinda,” Alex smiled to the lady behind the counter. Melinda was a lady who worked in the elementary school office for four years prior to her working at the middle school office.
Two years earlier, Melinda told Alex she could come to her anytime Alex needed to make change by trading larger dollar bills into smaller ones. "This way you don't receive a lot of money as change in the lunch line in front of everyone else. Other people don't need to know how much money you have on you. They may be tempted to hurt you to make you give them your money––that is if they don't try and steal it from you first. Besides, it's quicker just to come to me," Melinda had said to Alex with a smile.
Melinda never mentioned to her why she was so willing to help Alex. Melinda had heard the long since confirmed rumor through various teachers and students that Alex was using her money to help feed the poorer kids at school. None of the staff had ever heard of a student trying to help other students in that way. They were very impressed with Alex's compassionate generosity and they wondered if they would ever see such charity again by one student for another after Alex graduated.
In addition to being impressed with how she gave money to feed poor classmates, teachers as well as students noticed how Alex would stand up to bullies. This same classmate who was now waiting for lunch money  was the same guy she rescued from a bully just last week.  He once asked her why she didn’t just punch a bully right away. He recalled her confident response.
“Striking first is what starts fights. Peacekeepers don’t start fights but they do defend when it’s needed. When I see a bully and his friends approaching another classmate with obvious intentions to harass or otherwise humiliate or harm them, my method has proven pretty effective. I don’t punch or kick anyone unless it’s in self-defense – just like the law allows for adults. I’ve really only had to defend myself physically once.”
“I think I’ve heard about it. It was a larger fifth grader, right?”
“Yeah,” Alex replied.
“I heard you won that fight. The whole school was talking about it because he was bigger than you,” he chuckled. “That’s amazing.”
“He shouldn’t have tried to harm me,” Alex shrugged. “But he won’t make that mistake again,” she said confidently.
Alex had put herself in harms way on several occasions as she ran to the aid of others early on in a confrontation. She also would refrain from using foul language and insults because she didn't want to use such a lesser and immature means of asserting herself. She knew that well used intelligence and wisdom so often overcomes any seeming physical advantages of an opponent and that well-founded and supreme confidence can trump all.
So she would quickly put herself in front of a less confident and more vulnerable victim (unless her intuition told her a better method for her own safety) and as the bully approached she would show an intensely unafraid look of extreme confidence in her eyes while locking her eyes on the approaching bully.
If there were a group of bullies she would quickly spot the leader and lock eyes with him (or her). She would then use a firm, clear voice to say  “Back off! You leave him alone. You do not want to mess with me! Leave him alone and if you bother him again in the future, I will come and find you, and I will not be alone and we'll have a different conversation – one I promise you won't want to have."
This was usually all it took and any new students that were thinking they could be another school bully often gave up after meeting Alex and learning of the popular support she had from most students and many teachers.
Because Alex was a mostly fearless and less feminine type (what some call a 'tomboy'), she was often the first one to literally run to the aid of other classmates when the school bully was starting to pick on someone. She just wasn't afraid of some five foot four inch one hundred and ten pound punk because what she's dealt with for years in her own home was far worse. Besides, she also knew that the safest time to intervene was early in a confrontation before things would escalate to further or more serious violence – an escalation she knew she wasn't physically equipped to handle.
She also knew she couldn't do this in just any school. Green Forrest middle school didn't have a big gang problem since she lived in the wealthy area of Silver Streams, Kansas.
She also knew she wouldn't be able to intervene as well in heated confrontations among her peers for too much longer since the older she got, the boys and girls her age would get bigger too and the older the kid was then the more dangerous it could be.
If he (or she) would be violent at an older age then he's all the more dangerous and could be less likely to be influenced for good by a reasonable appeal of a physically weaker and more vulnerable "good guy" and in Alex's case, "good girl" for as tomboy as she was, she was still a female and that fact in and of itself posed its own serious potential hazards for life. She knew it’s easier to prevent herself from becoming a victim than to try and repair and heal from often lasting damages done by becoming a surviving victim. That was common sense.
Once Alex got her needed change for the day, she  returned to help the waiting classmate. “Here you go,” Alex smiled as she handed the two dollars to him.
“Thanks,” he said a bit embarrassed though grateful. He then ran off to class.
Alex went to her locker to lock up her lunch and then she headed to her first class. She couldn't remember exactly when it was that she learned that there were poor kids here in America, but once she realized they existed––some of them in her own school––she couldn't bear the thought of some other kid going hungry so she felt she had to do something. She devised a fairly simple system where she'd start out each week with a certain amount, usually a hundred dollars but sometimes less. She'd then get change at the start of each school day for only the amount she had planned to give out for the day.
Today she would give out fifteen dollars, usually in one dollar bills to whoever were the first students that asked her for money for lunch. She would usually keep five dollars for herself for lunch unless she brought a large enough lunch to school (which she usually didn't as she was often in a hurry to get out of the house each morning). This way, once all of the one dollar bills were gone, she'd be down to only tens and twenties which meant she had used up her allotted amount to give away for the day since she would never give away more than a maximum of fifteen dollars per day. This way she could help more students in the same way the next day and over the remainder of the week.
If anyone asked her for money for anything other than lunch, she'd simply say, "Sorry. But my money is only to help with lunch."
When she first started this habit of lunch time charity, she began with fifty dollars a week and she would search out kids in need. She learned to spot kids who came from abusive or neglectful homes (sometimes both) as they were often the ones who were not only particularly shy, but they often wore mismatched clothes or had unkempt hair. They were often the same ones who would sit awkwardly alone with no food and just waiting for lunch to be over.
Alex would walk over to them, smile and say in a soft voice, "Do you want a few bucks for lunch? You can pay me back whenever. It's okay, really. I have extra money." Most of the time they would hesitate but they nearly always accepted the help. This made Alex glad.
After giving them whatever amount they needed, she would say, "I'm going to go and buy my own lunch now. If you want to, you can come find me and eat lunch with me. But only if you want to."
Alex didn't want them to go hungry––physically or socially. She made some good friends this way as some of them would come to sit and eat by her and she always made room where she could. It was usually a big deal for a student to be invited to sit with Alex since so many of them admired the one thing all Opalstone’s had in common: attractive good looks that seemed to permeate every molecule of their Opalstone  DNA.
Glade never had any trouble attracting girls or other friends and Alex grew up receiving compliments from both adults and other classmates about how pretty she was. Friends often flocked to her and she could sense how natural it was for most others to want to have a friend that's really attractive and the fact that she  was so often kind to others made her all the more magnetic in her social appeal. And although Dex was also physically attractive he crowned himself with an ego that was ugly and cruel. Alex and Glade never let their good looks grow a destructive ego.
On a few occasions as she sat with her friends at an increasingly crowded table, a loner she had just helped had brought their food back to join Alex and eat with her but there was no room and she looked as if she didn't know what to do since she was excited to be invited by a fairly popular girl to sit at the same table at lunch. Alex saw this, scooped up her own lunch and lead the loner over to another table where Alex knew others and there was more room.
“Where’s  Alex going?” one girl said to another as they watched Alex sit at another table.
“She knows she can see us anytime.” the second girl replied. “She just wants to let someone feel they’re still welcome to sit by her even if the table she usually sits at becomes too crowded.”
“I’ve seen Alex go without lunch a couple of times to help others.”
“She’s cool.”
“Yeah, she is,” another said as they watched her befriend a handicapped student.
“Most girls don’t make friends with someone like me.” The girl said that Alex had just helped. She was a paraplegic and needed special crutches to get around. Alex carried her food tray for her.
“Race, gender, height, weight, or age  –– it doesn’t really matter to me. If someone needs help, and I can help them, I will. Unless they’re creepy. Then I just use common sense and I stay away,” Alex said half-joking upon approaching the cafeteria table.
“Glad you don’t think I’m creepy, ” the girl joked.
“Of course not,” Alex smiled as they sat down together. 
There was only one time that a teacher actually approached Alex for help for himself. Alex was surprised but gave him her last surplus for the day of just two dollars. He was a teacher she didn't know very well and he never paid her back (and she never asked). On another occasion, Alex saw a teacher she liked, a younger teacher who had only been there for about a year, who was in a rush and digging hopelessly for money in her purse. Alex came up to her and said, "I can give you some money if you need it. It's okay. I have extra."
The teacher, a bit embarrassed, replied, "No. I think I have it." But after digging for a few more moments, as Alex waited patiently nearby, the teacher finally said to her through an awkward smile, "I'm short one dollar. I only need a dollar and I promise I'll pay you back."
Alex reached into her jeans pocket and said, "Sure. No problem. Are you sure you don't need more? Because I can give you more."
"No. I only need a dollar. I'm sure," she smiled. Alex handed her a dollar.  "Thank you so much!" she said gratefully. She then hurried off to buy her lunch and stopped briefly to turn back around and say, "I'll pay you back." A few days later, she found Alex at lunch and paid her back the exact amount she owed: one dollar. She was true to her word. Alex was happy to help her again if she needed but she never saw that teacher hopelessly digging for money at lunch time again.
Alex had carried on this habit of helping other students with lunch money ever since she was in third grade. By now, so many students knew about it that usually by the time her third class of the day had started, several students in need had already tracked her down in one of the halls in between classes and her latest budget limit of fifteen dollars had already been given away for the day.
Because she usually would ask anyone who claimed a lunch need for them to tell her just how short of cash they were, if they only said one buck or two bucks, she could help more people if they too only needed a dollar or two. And once she was down to her last few quarters of surplus (as some of the students in need would make sure to give Alex exact change if she only had bills and no coins), if the last person who requested help needed more than that, she'd give them her last quarters and realizing it wouldn't be enough, she'd simply say, "This is the last of what I have for the day because I have to eat too."
Sometimes they'd gratefully accept it and other times they'd just turn it down for whatever reason. But it was a rare day that she would go home with an unused budget surplus for the day.
Right after school ended for the day and just before catching her bus ride home, she responded to a few texts from her friends. She was careful not to wear out her battery too soon so she could still call 911 if she couldn't plug in her phone someplace in an emergency. Alex often tried to be prepared so she usually brought an extra cell phone battery that was fully charged and a charger with her everywhere she went. But sometimes she needed to be reminded to recharge her spare battery since she would sometimes need to use it.
She texted her best friend, Chase, to see if he wanted to hang out after school. He quickly texted her back letting her know he had a dental appointment so he wouldn't be able to hang out today. She then texted another close friend, Brenda. Alex quickly got a reply from her saying that she could have a friend over from 4:00-5:00 p.m. so Alex could come by if she wanted. Alex texted her back: "c u at 4."
When Alex got off at her stop, she was less than a block away from her home. It was a nice day out and she enjoyed the short walk home. But as soon as she started up the driveway, her heart started beating faster as she went on high alert to check for any signs that Dex might be home.
Her dad bought Dex a top-of-the-line, full-piece drum set with two bass drums for five thousand dollars as a birthday gift last year so it was easy to hear him from a block away whenever he was home and playing. As much as she feared Dex, she   was just as equally in awe of his incredible talent for playing drums well. She hated the loudness of it all especially when he was listening to headphones as he played but he needed a large outlet for his intense energy because if he wasn't beating on his drums then he was beating on someone else and sometimes that “someone else” was her.
No loud sounds of drums meant he might not be home now. As she approached the door, her high alert awareness turned to checking for other sounds as she opened the door. She would know if he was home and on the phone or with a friend because he talked loudly and laughed loudly. He was such a naturally aggressive and overly dominant type that being loud was just a part of who he was in his natural expressions of his often self-entitled, arrogant views of himself.
Alex listened intently as she quietly shut the door behind her. No loud voice of Dex on the phone or with his friends was heard. No sounds of the television on could be heard in the room where he usually watched it. The coast was clear. It was safe. As she walked in the house her phone rang.
“Hello?” Alex answered.
“Hey, guess what?” Brenda asked cheerfully.
“What?”
“My mom had a bunch of friends over earlier and there’s a bunch of food leftover if you want some when you’re here.”
“Any fresh fruits? Veggies?”
“Tons! There’s even some boxes of those whole grain crackers you like!” Brenda said with the kind of enthusiasm that might make someone think neither of them had eaten in weeks.
Alex matched her enthusiasm. “That sounds sooo good! Okay. I was going to make a snack but I guess I can wait.”
“Good. Wait and eat with me.
“I will.”
“See you later.”
“See you. Bye.” Alex hung up the phone and then headed upstairs to her room. Only her mom was home but she was asleep downstairs in her own room. Something happened about six years earlier that sunk her mom, Raylene, into a deep depression and Alex's mom has rarely been out of bed since. All Alex knew was that it was their own hush-hush family secret. Raylene was a victim and that's all Alex had once overheard. Alex usually tried not to think about it.
Both Twinkles and Bubbles were napping on her bed and they looked so cute as they woke and yawned when she walked in. She dropped her backpack on the floor by the bed and double-checked the window by looking to see if Dex had recently pulled up in his car since she heard a car approaching but the car drove on. It wasn't him. The coast was still clear. She then petted her adorable dogs for a few moments. “So how was your day, cuties?”
The two yipped and wagged their tails and Bubbles licked Alex’s face. Twinkles looked more eager to get outside, possibly to use the bathroom, so Alex decided to lead them downstairs and let them out into the backyard for awhile. She quickly headed back down the stairs and let the dogs out. Then she headed back up to her room to pass the time until she visited Brenda.
Her eyes searched the room for something fun to do. She noticed a specially made item she hadn't played with in years. It was a large wooden window frame with no glass. It measured three feet wide and three feet high. It was made of natural oak wood. It had drapes made of a translucent white polyester fabric that had been left mostly open as much of the drapes had been slid over to one side. The window was meant to be as part of an oversized backyard doll house for Alex.
She looked at the old window frame and wondered what made her so unmotivated to get the doll house built. She used that window frame a lot the first year it was made. But then, not long after that first year of use, Alex became disillusioned with life and the imaginary scenes she would see when she would sit in her bedroom and pretend the window was part of a special house.
She pretended to have a view from a home in heaven – a perfect home with all of the answers that brought peace when the unknown was too unsettling. A home that was safe, happy, and full of love and helped to make sense of the seemingly unfair aspects of the harsh world Alex lived in that she so often felt was so far away from the heavenly world that God lives in.
Where once the window was fresh and brand new its view gave Alex the kind of hope for peace and a better, more peaceful perspective of life that strengthens faith for a better world as only a view from heaven can give. But now it was somewhat dusty and had sat in the same spot, unused and unglorified in for too many years. Her thoughts were interrupted as her phone rang again.
“Hello?” It was Brenda again.
“You’ll never believe what I am holding right now in my hand.”
“Doesn’t anyone ever text anymore?” Alex asked sarcastically.
“Ha ha.” Brenda retorted in equal sarcasm.
“Fine. What are you holding?”
“An official original of a certain national newspaper from 1929.”
Alex squinted her eyes and with some skepticism asked, “That wouldn’t happen to be from October of 1929, would it?”
“October 31st as a matter of fact,” Brenda said proudly.
“Black Tuesday? You have an old paper from Black Tuesday?”
“Not just any paper. A major New York financial newspaper. And it’s in great condition.”
Alex got super excited. “Brenda! I have to have it! I have to have it!” Then wondering if Brenda owned it and could give it away, she asked timidly, “Can I have it?”
“Oh…oh yes…” Brenda mused.
“Yes! Oh, I can’t wait! Oh, thank you! Thank you!”
“… for a price.” Brenda added.
“How much?” Alex quickly replied.
“You know what I want,” Brenda said slyly. Deflated, Alex hung her head.
Brenda continued, “I’m offering you a rare edition of a headline story of the stock market crash that influenced the Great Depression,” she said preparing Alex to pay a high price. “You can’t get this just anywhere.”
Alex began to complain since she knew what Brenda wanted. “But it’s the only signed copy I have...”  Alex’s Periodic Table of Elements was personally signed by Albert Einstein at the peak of his career. It was a gift from her grandmother. “The very hand of a genius actually left proof that he touched  the table. I’d rather not trade it.”
“And it’s that very signature, that specifically signed periodic table that I want.” Brenda said. She was firm in her negotiation. She had been after Alex to give it to her for over a year because she had a crush on a boy that was a huge fan of Einstein but nothing Brenda had offered would get Alex to budge.
Now it seemed she finally had made an offer Alex couldn’t refuse. If Brenda could finally get that table, then she could show her crush how she likes Einstein too and if they actually began dating someday, maybe she would give it to him as a birthday gift.
“Please tell me you’re using a white cotton glove to hold that newspaper and that it’s not wrapped in any plastic,” Alex said anxiously.
Brenda quickly dropped the phone and grabbed a clean white cotton washcloth to hold the paper with. She then picked back up the phone. “No white gloves..but…”
“Aaargh!” Alex sighed in frustration. “Oil from your fingers and hands will ruin the paper! It’s old! It has to be handled carefully!”
“I’m using a clean white cotton washcloth to hold it as we speak,” Brenda reassured her.
“I don’t know,” Alex said still hesitant to give away her prized periodic table.
“October 31st, 1929,” Brenda said in a sing-song way. “A rare edition…stock market crash…”
“How did you get it?” Alex wondered.
“It was with my grandpa’s stuff. My mom found it and was about to throw it away. I rescued it.” Brenda’s grandpa had passed away over two years earlier and her mom was finally getting around to sorting though what he left behind.
“You’re sure you don’t want to keep it? For sentimental reasons?”
“My grandpa left me a pink blanket his mom made his sister who never really liked it. I love it. I won’t part with my blanket. The paper is different. You can have it if I can have the autographed periodic table.”
“Okay. Okay. The table is yours. I’ll bring it.”
“Yay!” Brenda squealed with joy. “You won’t regret it!”
“I better not,” Alex said in a warning voice.
“Just bring the table and a piece of Black Tuesday history is all yours.”
Alex began to get excited again. “Yeah. It’s worth it. Thanks Brenda.”
“No problem. See you at four.”
“Okay. Bye.”
“Bye.”
Alex’s thoughts were racing over the idea of having such an important piece of American history. She began to think of the materials she would need to preserve the paper. A wooden container would be good. Maybe a glass top too so she could look at it from time to time, just as if it had been in a museum. She then looked at the wood framed window. It was definitely too big for the much smaller paper.
Suddenly it occurred to her that this window frame was the same window she saw at the very beginning of her dream. She wondered why it was in her dream. This question made Alex completely forget about the old paper. The dream was truly phenomenal and Alex was in much more awe of the memory of the dream now than the newspaper. The view she had from the window in her dream was much more symbolic than the views she once imagined viewing through it so many years ago.
She then noticed a message she had scribbled in her then seven-year-old handwriting along the center of the top board of the frame that read: "Lest you live a life of regret, never forget the love and blessings of heaven’s view."
Her thoughts turned back to the dream she woke to earlier in the morning. That dream, although she still didn't know its full meaning or why she was given it, was not a coincidence. Alex really didn't believe in coincidences anyway. Whenever someone might describe a certain blessing in their life as being a serendipitous coincidence, Alex would simply think of the old saying that: "Coincidence is God's way of remaining anonymous." 
She decided she'd use the dusty window frame again to try and imagine heaven’s view. She'd do what she so often did and that was to imagine the hidden blessings that can come in a situation that on first appearances looks mostly tragic and sad. 
She dusted off the window and then grabbed two nearby clamps and dusted them as well. She then placed the frame in the grips and tightened them into place so the window frame stood on its own and set it up on a box so it would be about as high up off of the ground as a normal window might be. Then she thought of an event that would be hard for people to see any good coming from it. She decided to imagine an event that happens every day in every state across the nation: a major car accident. 
What she imagined was so jaw-dropping it was as if glorious light was already shining across her face as she pictured angels in a nearly blinding white light flying in to use miraculous powers of heaven to rescue several drivers and passengers.
Suddenly Alex heard a noise in the kitchen downstairs, interrupting her thoughts. Someone was opening up the food pantry and looking for food. Then they opened up the fridge and she heard glass jars clanking as different refrigerated food items were moved around. Maybe it was Glade, she thought. She hoped it was him since he had a DVD movie she wanted to borrow and now she could ask. 
"Glade?" she called out as she raced down the stairs and towards the kitchen. 
"Who drank my milk?!" Dex yelled angrily in his usual accusatory way. His arms and hands were full with several refrigerated items he had moved to see if his milk was located behind other tall containers. 
Dex was simply stopping in to make a quick protein smoothie to drink before he headed off to work. He had a flawed tendency to think that anyone who ran from him must be the guilty person of whatever his latest accusation was, so when Alex realized at the last moment just before arriving at the kitchen that Dex was home and not Glade, the smile she had intended for Glade quickly turned to a look of fear and then she turned back and ran back to the stairs. 
"Why did you finish the milk?! That's MY milk for MY protein drinks!" He roared at Alex. He then quickly put back into the fridge some of the items and slammed the refrigerator door shut. 
"I didn't drink it!" Alex cried in a desperate attempt to convince him of the truth as she continued to run from him up the stairs. 
His attempt to quickly unload the refrigerated containers out of his arms and back into the fridge gave Alex an unusual head start to run and quickly hide from him upstairs. Alex ran up to her bedroom. Just as she was about to hide under her bed, the thought occurs to her that he's found her there before and she remembered how painful the carpet burns were along the side of her arm and on a large part of her stomach and chest when her shirt slid up as he quickly and forcefully yanked her across the floor and out from under her bed the last time she hid there away from him. She was found there before so he'd look there again, she thought. So that's not a safe place now. 
She hadn't yet closed her bedroom door and it remained half-opened. She wondered if she shouldn't try and quickly hide in Glade's room. She had to hurry. She could hear Dex thundering towards the stairs to attack her. 
Panicked and breathing heavy, a thought came to her mind as a peaceful and assuring question: Do you trust me? She instantly recognized that somehow she knew she could trust the thought. The next thought that came into her mind was: Hide in the laundry bin. I know it's gross but he won't think to check there if you're fast and really quiet. 
Just before she went to hide in the laundry bin, she wondered if she should shut her bedroom door so he can't see where she's going but another thought comes urgently to her: No time. Leave the bedroom door open.
The feeling was clear that she didn't have time to both shut the door and get into the laundry bin undetected. Alex quickly raced into her bathroom as quietly as she could and opened the laundry door and climbed in. She then quickly and quietly shut it behind her and moved some of the clothes around so she could get more comfortable and have some room to breathe. She was thankful the bin was only half-full at the time. Then she followed her next thought : Quickly but quietly cover yourself with the dirty clothes and towels. 
Alex was a bit of a germaphobe so hiding herself among dirty clothes, even in her own laundry bin, was a very brave thing for her to do as laundry didn't get done very often in the Opalstone home. But she clearly saw it was a great idea. 
As she followed the thought and covered herself, another thought came to teach her: This will help muffle the sounds of your heavy breathing. Now stay calm. She also thought that it was smart to leave her bedroom door partly open since it would possibly make Dex think she may have gone into a different room which would make him have to search elsewhere. It worked. 
As he looked in other nearby bedrooms that bought her time to get her labored breathing more under control. She needed desperately to take in and let out a deep breath which isn't always done quietly. Now was her chance. 
She was glad she breathed deeply when she could because her chances for doing it again were soon over as Dex had just entered her bathroom to continue his angry hunt. Another thought came again: Remember, stay calm…Praying isn't a bad idea either. So Alex began to pray quietly in her heart that Dex wouldn't think to look in the laundry bin. She thought a prayer in her mind: Please, Heavenly Father, please don't let him find me here. Help him not to hear me or think I'm hiding in here. 
As Dex headed towards the shower to look for Alex, more thoughts came into her mind from what she felt was a protective heavenly presence. The thoughts that came were: Just trust. Don't move. Not an inch. Stay quiet and calm your breathing. Calm down... Calm down. I'm not going to let him check the laundry. Don't worry. He won't check the laundry. 
As she chose to believe in the reassuring feelings and thoughts she was receiving at such a desperate time, more thoughts came to help her know how to exercise faith that her prayer would be answered: He's not going to hear me. He's not going to even think to look here. He's going to just keep on walking by. These thoughts she welcomed eagerly as she learned how to stay positive with her thoughts under such extreme stress. 
Dex paused quietly after not finding Alex hiding in the tub. He listened for a moment, and then headed back into Alex's bedroom and walked right past the laundry bin not stopping to check it at all. He checked a place in her bedroom that he thought he missed after looking under her bed. He then quickly ran back down the stairs. Alex wasn't sure if he had given up or if he had continued his search downstairs. 
Another thought came to Alex: I told you he wouldn't check the laundry bin and that you'd be safe. Alex knew that promised assurance was fulfilled. Now who's looking out for you? She felt that question was asked with a tender smile. Alex knew it was an angel from God. She simply answered back with her thoughts: My Heavenly Father. She then felt her divine protection say to her in her thoughts: You got it!  as if the angel felt happy for her ability to recognize the invisible heavenly help she had received.
She then felt she could open the laundry bin door for more air but that she should still wait upstairs until she heard Dex leave which should only be in a few minutes. 
She waited a few moments and then quietly stood up to stretch out the cramps in her legs from being in such a small space. She then listened intently to see if she could hear if Dex had left yet or not. Then she decided she could both listen for Dex and watch him leave to confirm he's gone by going over to her bedroom window to watch. 
As she walked over towards her window, another thought came urgently: No! No! Alex! Stay by the laundry bin! Stay by the laundry bin!  But Alex liked the feeling of stretching out her legs and she wanted to be sure Dex was gone if she heard any doors open or shut downstairs so she disregarded the warning thought figuring she could just as quickly move back into the laundry bin if she needed to. 
But as she went over by her window, she saw something she didn't expect. 


Chapter 3: Well Intended Warning


Glade was smiling and just arriving home and since Dex's car was down the street at a friend named Roger's house, Glade couldn't see that Dex was actually home. Glade had no idea of what he was about to walk into when he opened the door. 
Alex inhaled sharply in fear for Glade and she began to wave her arms wildly behind the closed window to try and get his attention before he walked through the door. But he didn't see her and he walked right into the house. She hoped Dex was in some other part of the house as she ran downstairs as quietly as she could. She wanted to try and find Glade before Dex did. But it was too late. Glade walked into the kitchen and plopped his backpack onto the breakfast table and started digging through the fridge. 
Before Alex could get to Glade, Dex had already grabbed Glade forcefully.
"You drank my milk!"  Dex yelled at Glade. He then punched at Glade but missed as Glade quickly ducked him.
"No I didn't!  Leave me  alone!" Glade yelled back.. 
Fists were flying and items were getting knocked off of nearby counter tops  as they wrestled in their fight.  Alex ran in and shouted at Dex, "Please stop hitting him Dex! Please!" 
"Alex! Call Dad! Get the phone!" Glade quickly commanded Alex while he defended himself. 
She grabbed a nearby cordless phone and sped off into another room to call her dad at work. But in her haste to flee from the possibility of Dex's attempt to stop her, she didn't see a large pair of Dex's shoes sprawled out on the floor and she tripped on one of them. She fell hard on the tile floor that led to one of the back doors to the house. Her left knee slammed painfully against the ground and when she tried to get back up to quickly run again, she cried in pain and fell again to the floor. 
She hadn't realized how hard and how quickly she had also twisted her ankle when her knee had smashed against the hard floor. She gave up running and simply remained on the floor. Being careful not to trigger anymore intense pain in her leg and ankle, she moved herself over to lean against a nearby wall and began dialing the phone to call her father’s office at the hospital where he worked. 
With one final crashing sound the fight ended and Dex angrily announced for all to hear, "I'm going to start writing MY name on MY milk and if ANYBODY ELSE drinks it, I'm going to beat the hell out of them!" 
Glade was left sobbing and bleeding on the floor as Alex waited on hold for her dad's secretary, Glenda. Dex walked over to Alex and she looked up at him with a determination to talk to her dad or the secretary or anyone who would listen as she had no intents of giving up the phone. 
Dex spoke to Alex in a voice of tired anger, "Hand me the phone." 
Alex just sat on the floor, injured, but firm in her resolve. She remained silent as she looked up at him. She was still on hold. 
"I said, hand me the phone!" he said more firmly now. 
Alex didn't budge. 
"Hand me the phone, now, or I will yank you and take it from you." 
Just then Glenda answered in a pleasant voice, "Dr. Opalstone's office. How may I help you?" 
"Hello? Glenda? It's me, Alex. Is my dad––" Alex was interrupted as Dex forcefully grabbed Alex's arm and yanked her several feet up into the air causing her to drop the phone while she yelled out in extreme pain. Dex then calmly picked the phone up off of the floor as Alex was left crying in agony after she had fallen back to the floor. She didn’t know that her arm had been yanked half-way out of its shoulder socket but she felt excruciating pain in that area and all down her arm. 
Dex calmly spoke to Glenda, "Hey, Glenda. It's me. Dex. Could you just tell my dad that I left him his change on his dresser for the money he gave me for the new spark plugs? Thanks." He then hung up the phone. He looked at Alex and gave her a cold look void of any remorse as he said, "The next time I tell you to give me the phone, you do it, or I'll yank you again." 
Alex lay on the floor sobbing in pain. Dex didn't realize just how badly injured she was and he certainly didn't care. 
After a few quick knocks on the door, Roger let himself in. "Dex! Dex! We're going to be late for work. Hey, Dex! Where are you?" Roger called out as he searched for him. Roger found his way into the kitchen having let himself in from one of the side entries and he saw Glade sitting on the floor, bleeding and quietly crying. The kitchen was a wreck and Roger seemed to know what happened. He then walked into the living room and saw Alex on the floor in tears. 
As Dex walked in with a change of clothes in his hands, Roger gave him a stern look and said, "You hurt your sister? What the hell's wrong with you man?!" 
Dex ignored him and walked back into the kitchen and said to Glade, "You remember what I said, freak!" 
Roger shook his head in disbelief but did nothing to help Glade or Alex as he was still Dex's friend and he didn't want to be late for work. Roger was a coward. Glade wasn't sure if Roger's disbelief was over Dex's temper or from Dex’s lies that Glade might be gay. 
After they left, Glade got up and began cleaning up his blood off of the floor with a soapy washcloth. But he suddenly stopped and said angrily but quietly through his tears, "I'm so tired of this sh--!" as he threw the wet and bloody washcloth against the refrigerator door. 
He then stood up. Tired, he leaned back against the kitchen counter top and wiped away more tears. He then noticed something on the kitchen counter that grabbed his attention. His facial expression became more confident as a small smile slowly crept across his face. With a calm look in his eyes of purposeful determination, he walked over and grabbed  a large chef's knife. He held it firmly in his right hand in a ready-to-stab grip and walked slowly up the curved staircase. 
Alex was still sobbing on the floor in the other room but more softly now despite her extreme pain. She listened to see if she could hear where Glade might be and if he was okay. She knew she heard movement in the kitchen, and she knew she heard someone walk up the stairs. Was it Glade? Was her mom awake? Had Dex returned after forgetting to bring something else to work? She listened intently and tried to ignore her pain as the whole left side of her body seemed to throb in torturous agony. 
She then heard several short, successive sounds like a large paper cutter slicing several sheets of paper. One slice after another. 
Glade had let himself into Dex's room and had used the large chef's knife to slice with one firm stab into each of the top surface heads of the drum toms of Dex's precious $5,000 custom made drum set. Nothing was spared as Glade continued to slice the snare drum and both bass drums. He targeted every drum surface. Every top tom, every drum head––everything that required a pristine surface tension for emitting the sounds of a drum as its surface was struck in rhythm to a beat––was destroyed. Glade stopped momentarily and looked at the damage. He soaked in the satisfaction of his revenge as another calm smile crept across his face. 
With the destruction of Dex's prized drum set now complete, Glade knew he could never cross paths with Dexter ever again because after this, the next confrontation with him could prove fatal for Glade. It was time for Glade to pack up and leave as quickly as possible. 
Glade ran into his room and grabbed a large duffel bag. He began throwing together various shirts, pants, magazines, books, and other things. He would grab his backpack on his way out since it had his laptop, cell phone, charger and other things he needed and used regularly. After he shoved his clothing and other gear into his duffel bag, he quickly zipped it up and headed back down the stairs. 
As he ran into the kitchen to return the knife and get his backpack, he stopped and listened. He could hear Alex crying quietly. He put away the knife, dropped his bag and followed the sounds of her whimpering. 
After finding Alex in pain and still crying on the floor, he knelt down by her and said empathetically, "Oh, Alex. I'm so sorry. I didn't know where you were." He wiped away a couple of her tears and then moved in closer to comfort her with a hug. 
"No!" she cried out in fear of his accidentally hurting her more and she shrieked again in sudden pain as he tried to hug her. Glade stopped hugging her and gave her some space. He began to look her over to figure out where she was injured. 
"I'm so sorry, Alex. Did he hurt you? What did Dex do? Can you tell me, sweetie?" 
She tried to talk in between sobs. "He...he yanked…my arm." 
Glade listened closely and wiped away more of her tears. He began to get teary again as he saw her in pain. 
"I tried to call Dad, but..." Alex couldn't finish her sentence and she began to weep more openly with the thought of the same disappointing story: she couldn't reach Dad. Not that it would've made any difference anyway. What would Glenda have done? It's not like she could pull their dad out of a major lifesaving surgery or some sad, doom-and-gloom patient consultation. Besides, Dad was all talk and no action. He would often say he would punish Dex but nothing ever happened to Dex and if he was ever punished, it sure wasn't working since Dex continued to be violent at home. 
Glade seemed to sense her thoughts as he said, "I know. It probably wouldn't have done any good anyway." He then sat down on the floor and tried not to seem like he was in a rush to leave in case Dex returned home early for any reason. "Look. Alex. You have to tell me where it hurts." 
"My arm …my shoulder,” she sniffled, “and my leg." 
"Can you move your arm? Just a little bit?" She tried to move her arm but trying only made her cry out in more pain. 
Glade sighed. "We have to get you to the hospital. I'll go see if Mom will take us again." 
He ran quickly over to their parent’s bedroom and quietly knocked on the door. Part of him wanted to burst open the door and shake their mom awake as he felt his very life hung in the balance if Dex came back home before Glade could leave since he destroyed his drums. But Glade knew he couldn't show his fear and alarm to his mom so he began gently pushing his mom’s shoulder to try and wake her. 
"Mom? Mom? Can you hear me? Alex needs to be taken to the hospital." No response. She snoozed on. Glade pushed a little harder and got a little louder. "Mom! Alex needs to go to the hospital! You need to drive." 
She rolled over in a fog of sleepiness and mumbled, "Don't bother me. I'm sleeping." 
Just before he got louder, he stopped himself and cursed quietly, "Crap!"  He realized that even if he woke her, she'd be angry, then she'd bicker a bit with him and who knew if she'd even be  alert enough to drive anyway. 
He decided he'd have to drive since there were clearly no other options. He didn't want to waste time trying to find a neighbor who could drive and then they'd know more of the family problems, which, of course, would bother Dad as the Opalstone family image must at all times be perfect in the eyes of his upper-class friends. 
Glade began to search for his mom's purse. He quickly found it and began to dig through it to get her car keys. He then remembered to grab some emergency cash from his dad's dresser drawer. He opened the drawer and stuffed several hundreds and fifties into his pocket. He hoped the money would be enough to get him a safe place to stay and last long enough for him to find a job. With car keys in hand and cash in pocket, he quietly shut his parent’s bedroom door and ran back over to Alex. 
"Let's go," he said to her. He was eager to leave. 
Glade helped Alex to stand and then he gently picked her up to get her off of her feet and carried her over to his mom's luxury sedan. He sat Alex up on the hood, opened the front passenger side door, and then picked her back up to gently seat her as comfortably as he could inside. Alex winced in pain much of the way. 
Once she was seated inside, he said to her, "I'll be right back." He then closed her car door. He quickly ran back into the house, grabbed his duffel bag, picked up his backpack and returned to the car. He popped open the trunk and tossed in both the duffel bag and backpack, closed it and got into the drivers seat of the car. 
"I take it that Mom's not driving us," Alex said, wincing a little more in pain. 
"Mom's not driving us," Glade affirmed. 
"I didn't know you could drive," Alex said curiously. "Who taught you?" 
"No one," he lied. He then pushed the button on the garage remote. 
"So then you don't know how to drive?"
"You just keep thinking that," He replied as the garage door opened behind them. As Glade backed the car out, Alex suddenly had a look of real worry over the safety issues of Glade's supposed inexperience with driving. Glade got them out of the garage and down the driveway safely much to Alex's confused amazement. 
"But you're not supposed to know how to drive," she said. 
"Then don't tell anyone," he replied. 
Glade made sure to obey all of the speed limits and stop at all stop signals as well as obeying all the other rules of the road. He was making good time and he was now nearly three quarters of the way to the hospital where their dad worked. 
"What's the duffel bag in the trunk for?" Alex asked curiously. 
"For later." 
"What happens later?" She sniffled. 
"Dex sees his drum set," Glade smiled. 
"What's your duffel bag have to do with it?" 
"It's gonna help me disappear," he replied with a mysterious smirk. 
"Why?" 
"Because I slashed all the drums in Dex's drum set," he smiled mischievously. 
"Cool," Alex said slowly with a matching mischievous smile as she wiped away another tear from her face. 
As they drove up into the parking lot of the emergency room, Glade found a spot close to the entrance and parked. He got out and picked Alex up as gently as he could and carried her into the ER. 



Glade knew right where to go as this was not his or Alex's first time in this ER (or others for that matter). The reason for such visits was nearly always the same: Dex. The only other times either of them had been to an ER for an injury not caused by Dex was the time Alex tried to retrieve a tangled kite from a high tree and lost her footing on a branch and fell ten feet to the ground. That was about six months earlier when she was out playing at the local park with her best guy friend, Chase. Glade had only been to the ER for two other instances where Dex wasn't involved. 
The first time was when he was five and he was bit by a dog on his face at a family reunion. It only left him with a small scar by his nose and no other serious damage resulted. The second time was when he was eleven and he was trying a new trick on water skis during a family vacation. He sprained his neck and injured his collar bone but that was all. Alex and Glade were blessed in these instances that nothing worse came from their accidents. Glade had since become a much better skier. He'd found a way to balance the need to be more careful while also showing his water skiing tricks are better than ever. 
"I'm Glade Opalstone. My dad, Dr. Opalstone, works at this hospital. This is my little sister, Alex, and she needs help," Glade said to the woman at the ER admitting desk while still cradling Alex in his arms. "We would really appreciate being seen as soon as possible..." he then noticed her name tag, "...Melanie," he said with a pleading smile. 
The woman he spoke with looked a bit confused as she replied, "You said your father is Dr...Could you repeat the last name again?" 
Before Glade could respond, he saw a woman walk up from behind Melanie and look right at Glade and Alex with a look of concern. "Melanie, I'll handle this one," she interrupted so Glade would talk to her instead. She then quickly instructed Melanie further. "Tell Dr. Staff to come find me and talk to me immediately while I take these two back to an exam room. I also need you to contact Dr. Francis R. Opalstone up in cardiology. Let me know once you've got him on the phone. Do it as quickly as you can."  Melanie was quick to follow her orders.
The woman who spoke with such polite authority to Melanie was the ER Director, Dr. Clarissa Johnson. She was an attractive woman, mid-forties, black wavy hair and sparkling blue eyes. She then spoke to Alex and Glade. 
"I know your dad well. He's a good friend. Follow me and I'll get you to an exam room." She seemed sincere and determined to get Alex the best care as quickly as possible. She grabbed a nearby wheelchair and helped seat Alex in it. 
Glade had been to that ER a few times before but he hadn't recalled ever meeting Dr. Johnson. He was right. He hadn't met her. But she knew who Glade was. She recognized him instantly and she even remembered who Alex was from the last time she was in. But since Dr. Johnson usually worked more behind the scenes at the ER, it was expected that neither Glade nor Alex would recognize her. 
Both Glade and Dr. Johnson helped Alex up onto an examination table that had the usual white paper cover laid across it for sanitary purposes. The sound of crinkling paper that was heard as Alex sat down was quickly drowned out as Alex cried loudly in pain, "Ow! Ow! Ow!" Glade had accidentally moved her injured shoulder as he sat her down. He felt terrible as he was trying so hard not to cause her anymore pain. 
"What's going on? What happened?" Dr Johnson asked Glade. At first, both remained silent and Alex looked to Glade for direction. "Look. Both of you have got to give me a straight answer. I may think I know what happened, but unless you tell me––and I'm talking about the truth, I need the truth––I won't know how to help you guys," Dr. Johnson said in an almost pleading tone to get them to open up. 
Glade swallowed hard as he considered how to answer. He knew they needed help––especially Alex. Although he tried to act tough on the outside, he felt humiliated that he couldn't protect his little sister or himself. But he also knew she was injured worse than he was and that even if Dex got ratted out by him at the ER that Glade wouldn't be home to get beat up for it. Glade felt he had nothing to lose and that he shouldn't waste any time getting Alex the help she needed. So he talked. 
"It was our older brother, Dex. Dex hurt us. He said I stole his milk from the fridge but I didn't." 
His answer didn't surprise Dr. Johnson at all as she shook her head and bit her lower lip trying to control her anger.
Glade let out a long sigh, "Her left arm is hurt,” he gestured towards Alex, “and I think maybe her shoulder. I'm not sure." 
"My leg hurts too. Down near my foot," Alex added as she wiped away another tear and pointed feebly at her ankle. She took a quick look at Alex's foot before checking out Glade for any injuries. 
"You look hurt too," Dr. Johnson said to Glade. "The bleeding has stopped on your cut," she added as she pointed near his right cheek bone. "You've got bruising that's starting to show around your right eye. Tilt your head back, please." Glade tilted back his head and she looked up his nose. She then gently touched the ridge of his nose and asked, "Any pain here?" 
"Not anything I can't handle," he replied nonchalantly as if he ate bodybuilders for breakfast. 
"Are there any other injuries on you? Do you hurt anywhere else?" she asked as she searched him compassionately with her eyes. 
"No. I'll be fine. It's Alex I'm worried about," he said looking sympathetically at his little sister.  Since Dr. Johnson saw no major swelling or any other cause for immediate concern for Glade's health, she returned her attention to Alex. 
"What happened to your arm and leg?" she asked her tenderly. 
"Dex yanked me," she sniffled. "He yanked my arm really hard 'cos he wanted the phone. I was trying to call my dad." More sniffles. 
"What about your leg  and foot?" she probed further. 
"I tripped on a shoe while I was running." 
"Before or after you were yanked?" 
"Before. I was trying to go to another room to hide from Dex and call my dad but I couldn't run anymore after I tripped." 
"So you were yanked by your brother Dex after you tripped?" she further clarified. 
"Yeah. Just a few minutes after," Alex replied as she wiped away another tear. 
"Were you standing when he yanked you or were you sitting?" 
"Sitting." 
"In a chair? Or on a table?" 
"On the floor," Alex sniffled. 
That response made Dr. Johnson visibly furious although she remained silent for a few moments as she tried to calm herself down. 
As a medical professional, she knew what a dramatic difference it made for a male as tall and strong as Dexter was to reach down near floor level and yet remain standing to exert such force which would potentially lift Alex three or more feet off of the ground as opposed to a significantly shorter distance had she been standing or at least seated on a chair when he yanked her. That longer distance combined with the natural physical resistance of gravity from the full weight of Alex's body on the ground made it almost guaranteed that she would have a serious shoulder socket injury. 
Depending upon what the x-rays would reveal, Alex could need major surgery that was often coupled with a very painful and long recovery. 
Now feeling a bit self conscious over what the two likely and logically interpreted in her  angry facial expression, she felt to quickly reassure Alex that she was innocent. "Alex, I'm sure you did nothing wrong, okay?" Dr. Johnson said clearly and compassionately to Alex.  “You too, Glade," the doctor  added as Glade fought back a tear. 
She looked again at Alex's legs and feet and noticed the start of swelling in her left ankle. "Is this the foot that hurts?" she asked as she gently touched Alex's left foot and ankle. 
"Ow! Ow!" Alex cried out in more pain. 
"Can you move your left foot at all? Wiggle your toes?" 
Alex tried but quickly stopped. "It hurts too much to move it any." She sniffled again and wiped away another tear. 
Dr. Johnson moved to look at her other foot. "What about this other foot?" she asked as she repeated the same gentle inspection. 
Alex remained quiet and simply shook her head to indicate there was no pain with her right foot. She then moved on to inspect the damage done to Alex's arm and shoulder. Alex leaned away and plead, "No. No. Please don't touch it!" 
"Alex, I just need to take a quick look." Glade gave Alex a look of assurance that Dr. Johnson really needed to look at her arm and that she should let her look at it. Alex quietly yielded. The doctor  could see swelling around her shoulder and she began to gently touch each of Alex's fingers on her left hand without moving her arm in any way. "Do any of your fingers hurt?" 
"No." 
"Can you feel me touching your fingers?" 
"Sort of." 
"Just let me know if my touching you hurts, okay?" 
Alex nodded in agreement. 
She evaluated Alex's left wrist and forearm. She noticed signs of bruising beginning just above Alex's wrist. Alex's sharp inhale let the doctor know that part of her arm hurt and was tender to the touch. She then moved to inspect Alex's left elbow. "Does it hurt when I touch your elbow?" she asked as she gently felt around her elbow. 
"No." 
She then moved and created some distance between she and Alex. "Is there any way you can move your left arm without it hurting?" 
Alex barely moved her left arm as her left hand moved more than her arm. This small attempt caused her to moan in more pain as she shook her head, "No." 
She moved in closer to Alex again to take a closer look at her biggest area of concern: Alex's left shoulder. The bulging of her shoulder too much to one side revealed an imbalance between the way her uninjured right shoulder appeared in contrast with her left shoulder. 
As she gently supported Alex's left elbow with her left hand, she used her right hand and tried to feel around Alex's abnormally protruding shoulder but the inspection lasted only a few moments as Alex cried out loudly again in immense pain. The doctor stopped the exam and got some distance to show her she wasn't touching her anymore. 
"Okay, Alex. Okay. I'm done for now. You're going to be okay." 
She then grabbed a nearby box of tissues and began to wipe away Alex's tears. But Glade felt that after watching Alex's pain helplessly, wiping away her tears was the one  thing he could do, so he intervened. 
"Here. I'll help her," he said as he reached for the box of tissues and Dr. Johnson handed them to Glade. He then finished wiping away Alex's tears.  "See? The doctor says you're gonna be alright," he smiled. Both of them were glad it seemed  the examination was over––at least for now.
Dr.  Johnson let out a deep sigh. "We've got to get her shoulder x-rayed. From what I can tell it may actually be stuck, caught halfway in the socket. If that's the case then that could be good news since she may not need surgery. But we won't know for sure until we get an x-ray," she said talking to Glade as she looked at Alex. "I'm going to have her ankle x-rayed as well just to be sure it isn't broken. I suspect, though, that's it's probably just a sprain," Dr. Johnson added. 
"So if her shoulder is stuck and she doesn't need surgery, how do you fix it?" Glade asked her. 
"By pushing it back in," she said matter-of-factly. Glade winced his face in sympathy over the pain that might cause Alex. Alex looked petrified. "But we need to get an x-ray first. If it's stuck partway, like I think it is, and if the x-ray shows no broken bones or other damages that might interfere, then with one sure, fast push, she'll be likely on her way to a fast recovery with no surgery. But even if we push it in, she'll probably want to take it easy on her shoulder for a few days." 
Alex appeared worried as she looked at Glade since she wasn't sure if the x-ray would hurt her shoulder but she remained quiet. 
"You're gonna be okay, kiddo. One way or another, you'll be okay," he smiled as he gently stroked her head. 
"What about you? What about your face and your eye?" Alex asked in concern to Glade. 
Dr. Johnson agreed. "You're pretty banged up, Glade. Checking out your face and eye a little further is not a bad idea. It would be no problem," she added. 
"I'm fine. Really," he half-smiled and hoped what he said was true. 
"Okay, you guys. You know I have to ask." Both Glade and Alex looked worried and a little confused as to what she might be referring to. "Where's your mom?" 
"She's at work," Glade lied. "She got a new job," he lied more. But Dr. Johnson wasn't buying it. 
"Alex?" she asked giving her a look to show she wanted the truth. But Alex looked down and remained silent. Dr. Johnson sighed, "Look, you guys. I told you that the best way for me to help you and your dad is only if you tell me the truth. Both Alex and Glade remained silent. 
"Glade, come talk with me for just a minute," Dr. Johnson said with a hint of frustration in her voice.  "Alex, we'll be right back. If you need anything, just holler. We'll be just outside the door," Dr. Johnson said. Alex simply watched as she walked Glade out into the hall to talk. They stopped just a few feet outside of the exam room. Dr. Johnson began trying to give Glade a glimpse into the bigger picture of things. 
"We both know that this isn't the first time you and Alex have been in here because of Dex. But this is, however, the first time you have come in without your mom––or any other adult for that matter."  Glade wasn't sure where she was going with this. She continued.  "Technically, I'm not supposed to be helping either one of you without the consent of a legal adult. Usually a legal guardian. And that means one of your parents is supposed to be here." 
"I can be Alex's legal guardian for today. Do you need me to sign something? I'll sign anything that you want..." Glade replied eager to get things rolling. He kept rambling on about how he was the most responsible kid in their house and how good he's been to Alex. 
Dr. Johnson interrupted. "Glade. Glade! Listen to me! Listen." Glade rolled his eyes and listened. "I'm thrilled that you love your sister so much. And I truly believe that you really are good to her and it's obvious that you two are close. Okay? I get that. But there's no way we can consider you to be Alex's legal guardian..." 
"Yes, there is! I brought her here! I care about her!..." 
She interrupted him again. "Stop. Just stop. Glade, how old are you? Hmm? How old are you?" 
Glade folded his arms across his chest in frustration. "I'm fifteen," he replied quietly.
“ Exactly. You're fifteen. Not eighteen. This means you’re not considered an adult yet under law. Usually a legal guardian must be at least eighteen years of age and even then you'd still have to be court appointed, which means getting permission from a legal court of law and that's not something that happens in five minutes with a simple phone call or signing of a pen." Glade shifted his weight as he tried to remain interested in what she had to say. "Besides. You and Alex already have parents so you don't need a legal guardian. So I'm going to ask you again. Glade, where is your mom? And don't tell me she got a new job. I want to hear the truth." 
Glade was thinking about whether or not he should tell her the truth when Melanie from the ER front desk returned with her update of how she carried out Dr. Johnson's previous instructions to her. "I finally found Dr. Opalstone. He's in O.R. and finishing a triple bypass. He should be able to call back in about fifteen or twenty minutes." 
"And where's Dr. Staff?" Dr. Johnson asked. 
"I just saw him again on my way here to talk to you. He's finishing with the patient who was shot in the chest. He said he'll be over here in a few minutes," Melinda replied dutifully. 
"Thank you, Melinda," Dr. Johnson said. Melinda then nodded and returned back to her desk to continue managing the constant inflow of patients. Dr. Johnson let out a heavy sigh and then asked Glade again, "You were about to tell me the truth about where your mom is right now." 
Glade reluctantly replied, "She's at home. In bed. Asleep." He stood with his hands in his back pockets as he looked off at the ceiling. He sighed and waited for her reaction. 
"Then who drove you two here?" Dr. Johnson asked trying to believe him. She wondered if some other adult had been negligent to only give them a ride but not see to it that the two received proper care. But Glade was quiet. She was growing increasingly tired of Glade's apparent game of hide-and-seek he seemed to be playing with the facts. 
Venting a bigger sigh of frustration, Dr. Johnson said in subdued tones, "Alex needs help Glade and she needs it now and I can't give it to her until you tell me everything I need to know so I can do it in the right way to provide the best help for everyone involved––including the best help for you and your father." 
"And yourself," Glade added in a cynical tone. 
"You're right," came her quick retort. "I don't want to lose my job. But I also am not looking to get anyone else in trouble who is truly innocent, if it can be avoided." 
"Fine. I drove." 
"What?" Dr. Johnson looked dumbfounded. "Do you have your driver’s license?" 
"No." 
"Or a learner’s permit?" 
"Not yet." 
As the pieces of the puzzle start coming together in her mind of just how bad the neglect is in the Opalstone home, she saw Dr. Staff approaching and she sent Glade back over to the exam room to wait with Alex so she could talk privately with Dr. Staff. 
"Sorry it took so long for me to get to you. That chest wound was a gusher and the order for the blood transfusion took longer than expected. But Dr. Hamblin has taken over. She's got it under control. Now, what can I help you with?" Dr. Staff asked her in an apologetic tone. 
"Look. I'm just glad you're here. I need you to do me a favor and not question my reasons.”
“I'm here. How can I help?" he replied without hesitation. 
"I've got a case that needs to be your top priority above all other cases until I say otherwise." 
"What have you got?" 
She then told him about Alex's need for x-rays and how she and Glade were Dr. Opalstone's children. She gave him a summary of the incident that happened at the Opalstone home according to Glade's and Alex's stories and she was quick to add that she had no reason not to believe them as the injuries sadly, but clearly coincided with what they revealed. She told him she was fairly certain that there was a pre-signed Consent for Treatment form on file somewhere from Dr. Opalstone that automatically gave them the legal authorization to treat any of his children in the event of an emergency where neither he nor his wife or other legal guardian could be present to provide consent for health care. She planned on looking for it but she knew it might take some time for her to find it. 
In the meantime, Alex needed care and Dr. Johnson made it clear to Dr. Staff that under no circumstances is another doctor to be made aware of the Opalstone children's case without first talking to her. She explained to him that she needed him to provide her regular updates on the progress of Alex's case beginning with the completion of x-rays and their results. 
As soon as she could reach Dr. Opalstone, she planned on bringing him with her to meet with Dr. Staff and the Opalstone children. She then reminded Dr. Staff again that complete confidentiality is needed and no other doctor should know unless Dr. Staff personally cleared it with her first. 
Dr. Staff was quick to comply and respect her request. "Full confidentiality. I'll only report to you until you say otherwise." 
"I really appreciate it. I'll make sure your other cases get handled by someone else until this one’s resolved," she smiled gratefully. "Here. Let me introduce you to Dr. Opalstone's kids," she said as she led him back to the exam room where Alex and Glade were waiting. Dr. Johnson introduced Alex and Glade to Dr. Staff and let them know he would be taking care of things until she could find their dad and bring him down to see them. 
She then spoke to Alex reassuringly, "When you’ve done the x-rays, Dr. Staff is going to call me and I'm hoping by then that I'll have spoken with your dad and maybe he'll be able to stop in and see you not long after that." 
"I'll take care of them," Dr. Staff smiled loyally to Dr. Johnson. 
"I'll see you two soon," Dr. Johnson said to Alex and Glade. "And remember, I don't think you guys did anything wrong. Okay?" she added with a sympathetic smile. Both Glade and Alex nodded and Dr. Johnson left to go find Dr. Opalstone and any consent form he may have already signed. 
"Looks like you two have seen better days," Dr. Staff said trying to lighten things up. "Here's the plan: You, young lady, will be getting some x-rays so we can see what the best treatment will be for your shoulder and ankle. So I need to do a few things first to make that happen. I've got to go get a few simple forms to fill out so I have some more information on you so that your x-rays are properly matched to stay organized with your file. I've also got to get you an appointment upstairs to get the x-rays done ASAP in our radiology department. A nurse is going to get a wheelchair and make sure you get to your x-ray appointment safely and on time. I'll be with you when that happens. Glade, I really think you could use an ice pack to help with the swelling near your eye." 
"I'm fine. It doesn't hurt," Glade replied stoically. 
"It's okay if you need help, Glade," Dr. Staff said quietly in an effort to help Glade realize he understood Glade's tendency toward pride as most young men strove to be more independent at that age. 
"I'm fine. But thanks for your concern," Glade replied.
“ Well, I can't make you get any help that you don't want," Dr. Staff sighed. He then directed his concerns back to Alex. 
"I need to go get some forms and I'll be right back," Dr. Staff smiled and then left to get Alex's x-rays ordered as quickly as he could. 
Alex looked at Glade and said as if she were tired, "I don't like all of this hospital stuff and I'm afraid of having surgery." 
"But Dr. Johnson said she thinks you won't have to have any surgery. She said maybe the x-ray would prove it," Glade said trying to console her. 
"I'm tired. I wish I could lay down but I don't want anything to touch my shoulder." 
Glade moved to stand closer to Alex’s right side. "Lean on me for a bit." She scooted herself over, wincing in pain as she moved, until she was close enough to lean her head and right shoulder against Glade's torso. It wasn't very comfortable for her physically but his love and concern for her provided a soothing element for her to an otherwise physically and emotionally weary afternoon. She rested her eyes for a few moments only to be interrupted as Dr. Staff walked back in. 
"I actually found most of your information on our data base from previous files. I just need to confirm that the information we have is current." He then proceeded to review the information with she and Glade regarding the usual information, such as home  address, phone, date of birth, allergies, and parents’ names etc. 
"Now I need to go get a  nurse and a wheelchair and get you up to radiology for some x-rays. I'll be right back." He started to leave but then looked thoughtfully and turned back to ask, "Are either one of you hungry? Can I get you some food or something to drink?" 
"I would love a sandwich," Glade said as his hand covered his stomach in hungry anticipation of food. 
"Turkey? Ham? Chicken Salad?" Dr. Staff quizzed. 
"Ham... Ham with mustard, if that's okay." 
Dr. Staff nodded to Glade that it would be no problem. "How about you, Alex?" Dr. Staff  asked politely. 
Alex sat up more straight as she thought for a moment before answering. "A Chicken Salad sandwich would be nice." 
"Okay. Anything to drink?" he asked both of them. 
"Water's fine for me," Glade said as he looked to Alex to see what she might like. 
"Water is okay for me too," she smiled. 
"Okay. I'll go see what I can do while I go round up a nurse…” he then looked around for the wheelchair that was used for Alex earlier but another nurse had taken it, “…and apparently another wheelchair," he said rather cheerfully. "One ham with mustard, one chicken salad, two waters. Be right back." 
Although food was on the way like the calm before a storm, another doctor would soon be bringing Alex and Glade a storm they would never forget. A storm that would change their lives forever.




Chapter 4: Glade’s Escape


Glade and Alex waited for Dr. Staff to return, Dr. Alan Richardson, another ER doctor who had treated both Alex and Glade for abusive injuries before, walked by and noticed them waiting in an exam room. He saw Glade's bruised face and Alex's stiffness and occasional wincing expressions of pain. He decided to stop in for a moment and talk with them. 
"And the Opalstone kids are back," he said in sympathy. "It was your brother again, right? Did he do this to you two?" Both Glade and Alex nodded reluctantly. "What's the name of your brother who did this to you again?" he asked them. 
"Dex," both Glade and Alex replied tired but in near unison. 
"Where's your mom?" Dr. Richardson asked them. But before either Glade or Alex could answer, Dr. Staff had returned and quickly interrupted them. 
"Don't worry, Alan. I've got this one," Dr. Staff calmly said. 
"What happened? Where's their mother?" Dr. Richardson inquired with great concern. 
"I'm not at liberty to discuss any of that right now and if you don't mind, I really need to tend to my patients right now," Dr. Staff responded politely. 
Dr. Richardson stepped out of the exam room and gave Dr. Staff a look to come talk to him in private. As the two stepped over just a few feet outside of the exam room doorway, Dr. Richardson began talking to Dr. Staff in more subdued tones. "With all due respect, Dr. Staff, how many times have you seen these kids as patients in the ER before?" 
"Today is the first time for me but I'm confident I can still get them the care they need," Dr. Staff replied respectfully. 
Dr. Richardson was more agitated now. "Well I've seen both of them on multiple occasions here before. I have personally treated Glade three times before over the past four months and I've also treated Alex twice over the last three months. So, okay. Fine. You treat them today. But if you treat them today, what happens afterward? Are you just going to return them back to live with that bully of a brother of theirs? They practically have no parents at home most of the day every day seven days a week and this is clearly evidenced by the inadequate protection they have. How many more times will they have to come to this ER before someone finally does the right thing and gets these kids out of that house?" 
Dr. Staff let out a deep sigh as he watched the nurse arrive with a wheelchair for Alex.  Dr. Richardson continued. 
"I'm not saying that Dr. Opalstone isn't a good doctor. He's an excellent doctor and no one really questions that. Hell, he's received more awards for his contributions to the medical industry and local community than most of us even knew was possible and I respect him for that. But I feel it's also clear that his excellence as a doctor is coming at a very high price that his children can no longer afford to pay. 
"It's clear that his dedication is to this hospital and his patients more than it is to his own family. And don't try and give me that line that ‘being a great doctor requires sacrifice’ because I think that every doctor who thinks he can't find a successful balance between being a great doctor while also being a great husband and father is full of crap! He's not the only highly experienced cardiologist in this country. And maybe it's time someone reminded him of that so he can steer his loyalties back towards his family a little more. If, and that's a very big ‘ if ’, it's not too late.”  
The  nurse had already helped Alex to get seated in the wheelchair and Glade was standing by.  “Dr. Staff?" the  nurse called as if to see  if he was ready to go. 
"Look. I want to help these kids. Where are you taking them? Radiology?" Dr. Richardson guessed. "I can take them up with the  nurse  and you can meet us up there after we're done." 
Dr. Staff held his shoulders back and stood a little taller as he gave his firm but respectful reply. "Dr. Richardson, I appreciate your concern, but I feel it bears repeating: I am not at liberty to discuss anything regarding this case with anyone other than Dr. Johnson. If you have a problem with that, then you can take it up with her. Now, if you'll please excuse me, as you can see, I have patients that require my immediate attention." 
And with that, Dr. Staff motioned for the nurse to lead the way to radiology. Both Glade and Dr. Staff followed as the nurse wheeled Alex away towards the elevators at the end of a long hall. Dr. Richardson stormed off.
On the way to the elevators, Dr. Staff fulfilled his duty to call Dr. Johnson with an update. 
"This is Dr. Johnson," she said as she answered her phone. 
"I'm on my way to x-ray now with Alex and Glade." 
"Very good. Let me know as soon as you get the results." 
"I will. And I think you should be aware that a potential confrontation with Dr. Alan Richardson may be in your near future," he added warily. 
"Surprise, surprise," she said sarcastically. "You didn't say anything to him, right?" she double checked. 
"One hundred percent confidential. I didn't tell him a thing," he assured. 
"That's the way it's got to stay." 
"Whatever you need," he said. 
"Keep me posted." 
"Will do." They both hung up just in time for Dr. Staff to get on the elevator with Alex, Glade and the nurse. 
While on the elevator, Alex looked thoughtfully up at Dr. Staff and asked curiously, "What's your first name?" 
He looked down at Alex and quietly chuckled before responding. "Nathan," he smiled. 
"I just wondered since I've never seen you before. I'm used to seeing the other guy. Dr. Richardson," she said. She then took a moment to get up the courage to ask him, "He seemed sort of upset. Am I in trouble?" 
"Heaven’s no, Alex. You're not in trouble," Dr. Staff replied sincerely. 
"Then why was he so upset?" 
Dr. Staff replied thoughtfully, "He just wants to make sure you two get the very best care. That's all. That's why Dr. Johnson asked me to make sure you get the very best." 
Once the elevator arrived at their floor, they all get off of the elevator to head over to have Alex's shoulder and ankle x-rayed. Glade waited in the waiting room. After the x-rays were done, they all headed back to the same exam room Alex was in before. Dr. Staff called Dr. Johnson and gave her the good news about the x-ray results. 
"Alex, your x-rays look good. No broken bones and your shoulder is only stuck part way so no surgery will be needed. Your left ankle has suffered a simple sprain so we'll get you some crutches to keep any weight off of it. But we do need to quickly get your shoulder adjusted and I promise that as soon as that gets done, your sandwiches will be here shortly afterwards. I'm also hoping your father will arrive soon, but we'll see," Dr. Staff said. 
Glade stood as close to Alex as the doctor would allow. The nurse worked with the doctor to hold Alex and ensure her body was positioned correctly so they could quickly complete the fairly short but painful procedure of literally shoving Alex's shoulder back into its socket so her arm and shoulder would heal and function normally again. 
Although they gave her some medicine to prevent her from feeling  too much pain, Alex cried out loudly but briefly more from fear at the sudden shove that was used on her arm rather than from the discomfort she felt. Glade struggled to fight back tears as he looked at Alex to help her be brave. The relief to Alex's shoulder and arm was nearly instantaneous as she no longer felt as much pain. 
With the nurse observing nearby, Dr. Staff took another close look at Alex's shoulder and felt  it to make sure everything was in the right place. Glade seemed to notice a clear improvement in the way Alex's shoulder looked and especially how she seemed to finally be in a lot less pain. 
After Dr. Staff had Alex move her arm gently in a variety of expected directions, she smiled as she realized she could move her arm just as she could before she was yanked. Other than a little tenderness with her shoulder, she felt almost no pain at all. 
"Can we eat now?" Alex asked optimistically. 
"Absolutely!" Dr. Staff cheerfully replied. 
"Alex, what do you say?" Glade whispered to her openly. 
"Oh yeah. Thank you for fixing my shoulder Dr. Staff," she said with a humble smile. 
"No problem. I'm happy to help." 
Dr. Staff left to go report to Dr. Johnson and retrieve some sandwiches and drinks for Alex and Glade. While Dr. Staff was out, the nurse remained to wrap Alex's sprained ankle with first-aid wrap. The nurse then left to go get Alex some crutches.
“ Alex, I need to go to the bathroom. Do you need to go too?" Glade asked. 
"No. I'm okay." 
"Will you be alright by yourself until I get back?" 
"Yeah." 
"Okay. The bathroom isn't far. I'll be real fast." 
Glade found a nearby men’s bathroom and finished quickly. On his way back to Alex's exam room, he saw Dr. Richardson storm into an office where both Dr. Staff and Dr. Johnson were talking privately. Glade noticed what appeared to be a heated argument ensuing and he decided to procrastinate returning to the exam room in favor of listening in on the heated debate. He made sure to stand close enough to hear the argument but far enough away to appear as someone who was simply waiting for a parent or loved one. He was quickly alarmed by what he overheard. 
"Why am I the only one in this room who thinks that calling Child Protection Services is in the best interest of these children?" Dr. Richardson loudly asked in obvious frustration. 
"Dr. Richardson, please calm down and let Dr. Staff and I handle it," Dr. Johnson said with calm authority. But Dr. Richardson wasn't having it. 
"All I want to know is if you are going to allow those children to return to their home. It's clear that if they go back into that home tonight, back to that bully son of Dr. Opalstone's named 'Dexter,' that it's just a matter of time before we are treating either Alex or Glade again right here in this same emergency facility again. Need I remind you that hospital policy regarding the discovery of child abuse––even if it is child on child abuse––or if it's parental neglect, the policy is clear: Child Protection Services must be contacted and reported to immediately so that the children who are being victimized may be quickly removed from their abusive environment and placed into Foster Care where they can have a better chance of being matched up with a safer family to live with," Dr. Richardson said angrily. 
Dr. Johnson countered as Dr. Staff continued to listen quietly. "Dr. Richardson, we are fully aware of hospital policy and I assure you, we will take the right action regarding the future safe keeping of these children. However, I still repeat that this is not your case, and it is not up to you to decide. We will make the decision we feel is best. Dr. Opalstone is on his way down  now to meet with Dr. Staff and I..." 
Glade had heard enough. All it took was for him to hear words like, “Child Protection Services” and “Foster Care” and “removed” to set his alarms off. He couldn't trust his own father with the decision as to what family was the safest one for Glade to be in–otherwise, why was Glade in the ER again? And with Alex too? Glade feared the chances of him having any real say in where he lived next was slim to none so he figured it was time to take matters into his own hands and make a run for it. 
Not wanting to bring on any unwanted attention to himself, he simply slipped away, walking briskly back to Alex to say a quick goodbye. He found Alex happily munching on her chicken salad sandwich, still perched on top of the exam table. 
"Look what the nurse brought for us," she smiled as she happily held up his and her sandwiches. 
"Perfect timing," Glade said as he grabbed his sandwich. Alex could tell something was up with Glade. 
"Alex, listen. I don't have much time to explain but on my way back here to the exam room, I saw Dr. Richardson and he was arguing with Dr. Staff and Dr. Johnson in an office down the hall. I wanted to know why Dr. Richardson was so upset so I went down and listened in without them knowing." 
Alex stopped munching and with a mouth partially full of food, asked, "Well, what did they say?" 
Glade sighed, "Alex, Dr. Richardson wants to call Foster Care. He wants to turn in Dad and have us removed from our home tonight. That means we wouldn't be able to go home possibly ever again. Even though we wouldn't ever see Dex again, we also would never see Mom or Dad again. Kids get abused in Foster Care all the time by the adults there and the adults get away with it alot. It's bad news, Alex. I won't go. You're  a girl so..." 
Glade stopped himself from saying just what kinds of abuse against girls was so common so he simply added, "it would probably be worse for you. Maybe  you and I would be placed with some family to live with who we don't even know. A family we've never met. We'd go to different schools, we'd lose our friends and whatever family we'd have to live with might make us become part of some religion we might not feel good about. We won't have much choice in things anymore." Alex was suddenly no longer hungry. 
"What do we do?" she asked fearfully. 
"Alex. I cannot take a chance on going to Foster Care. I just can't. I can't handle it," he said, trying not to sound too panicked.  "I don't want you to go to Foster Care either. Now I heard somewhere once, I think from a teacher at school, that sometimes you can request to go with a next of kin. Tell Dad that you want to live with Aunt Jackie." 
Alex inhaled sharply in fear and said, "I can't go live with Aunt Jackie! She's the one that makes the lousy macaroni-and-cheese!" 
Glade's once serious demeanor broke as he chuckled at Alex's innocent childlike concern over a past food nightmare that had been a family joke among young cousins. A memory that Glade had forgotten until now. But he knew Alex was truly concerned about Aunt Jackie's cooking.  “ Sorry. I meant to say Aunt Meredith," he smiled. 
"Oh, I love Aunt Meredith! You remember Uncle Samuel was the one who helped us make my playhouse window. I would love to live with them!" she said excitedly. "Maybe both of us could live with them. Do you want to live with Aunt Meredith and Uncle Samuel too?" she asked Glade with high hopes. He looked somber as he quickly checked to make sure their dad wasn't coming yet. 
"Look. Alex. I have to leave," he said trying to break the news about his real intents. 
"What do you mean? Like for an hour or so?" 
He now looked at Alex with loving concern as his eyes began to fill with tears. 
"Alex, I have to go someplace. I don't know when I'll be back." Alex's eyes also began to fill with tears as she started to understand what Glade was saying. Glade was running away. Just as he said he would once before after a bad fight with Dex.
“There's the chance Dad can keep us out of Foster Care and keep us home with him and Mom. But for me, it's too late. I slashed all of Dex's drums. Remember when I told you in the car?" Alex nodded in remembrance. "I can't take a chance on Dad keeping me home," Glade lamented. 
"Where will you go? When will I see you again?" Alex asked tearfully. 
"I'm not sure yet. I have an idea, but I don't think I should tell anyone right now." Alex tried hard not to cry but couldn't help it. Glade gave her a hug and tried to keep an eye out for any signs that his dad might be coming down the hall. He wanted to be gone before his dad arrived. 
"Alex, I really need to go. I'll either text you, or call you or I'll e-mail you. I'll do at least one of those things before 9 p.m. tonight. Okay? Please try and understand, but I really have to go. I'll even text Dad later to confess what I did to Dex's drums so they know it wasn't you who did it. Okay?" 
"I love you Glade!" Alex cried, clinging to Glade. 
Glade hugged Alex tight. "I love you too, Alex. You're the coolest little sister anyone could ever hope for." As he started to walk away, Alex got an idea that gave her hope.
“Glade!” she said excitedly.
“Yeah?” He stopped and turned around, listening and facing Alex as he stood near the doorway.
“I’m going to get rich. I’ll earn my own money and buy a house. One both you and I can live in and Dex will never be able to live with us. When I do that, will you come back and live with me?” she asked with a clear determination to succeed hoping Glade would agree.
Chuckling a bit in some surprise at her determination to keep them from ever having to be apart he smiled, “You get rich and give me the address and I’ll be there! You bet!” Alex smiled in relief that he would come back.
Sandwich in hand, Glade waved goodbye, and smiled tearfully as he blew her a kiss. He then quickly slipped away just in time for their father not to notice as Dr. Opalstone was leaving Dr. Johnson's office. Francis was walking with Dr. Johnson and Dr. Staff and they were on their way to Alex's exam room. 
Glade bolted out one of the back door exits of the ER and speedily ran back to the family car.  Opening the trunk, he took a quick bite of his sandwich and munched away while rewrapping it to finish later. He then put his sandwich in his backpack., put on one of his favorite baseball caps and then slung his backpack on to wear. He put on his sunglasses as a fast disguise as well as to cover his black eye better so he wouldn't appear as easy prey to be mugged, bullied or worse.  
Grabbing his music player, he put in his earphones and let some music play. He then discreetly dropped the car keys onto the floor of the car trunk as he removed his duffel bag. He closed the trunk and looked to make sure all of the car doors remained locked. He figured that with the car keys in the trunk and out of sight that no one would think they could easily steal the car. His dad had a spare key to the car so it would be easy for him to retrieve the car keys from the trunk and maybe Dex would glory in driving it home. 
In the same text he would send his dad to confess to thrashing Dex's drums, he would let his dad know that the keys were in the trunk of the car and where it was parked. The idea to borrow the family car to run away in wasn't much of a temptation to Glade since he didn't want to run the risk of getting pulled over by the police and get in trouble for driving without a license and be forced to go back home. 
He saw an empty taxi about to leave from the hospital so he quickly waved his arm to hail the cab down for a ride. The taxi stopped and Glade tossed his duffel bag and backpack into the backseat. He then climbed in and the taxi drove away.
Alex's  heart ached. She had no idea how long it would take her to earn the money needed to buy her own home but she would find a way. She knew she would need to earn at least $300,000 and to earn it in an honorable way. She began to think of some ideas. Alex's thoughts were interrupted as she took her last bite of sandwich and heard her dad talking to someone as several footsteps quickly approached Alex's exam room. 
"Alex! Honey, I'm so sorry!" her dad said as he rushed over to her and gave her a gentle hug and kiss. Part of his feelings were sincere but part of it was also for show since his medical colleagues were essentially witnesses to his abusive home environment and he knew expressing great compassion and concern over Alex needed to also be witnessed by his colleagues so they could feel it was right to cover for him. It worked…at least for now. 
As Alex wiped away more tears, all she could think about was how much she missed Glade already. She remembered how he threatened to run away after a previous fight with Dex, but up until now, they were only words. Now that Glade was actually gone she felt a deep emptiness and her heart ached. 
She thought of all of the things she would miss about their friendship. She would miss staying up late and playing board games with him by the Christmas tree lights at Christmas time. She would miss the fun summers in the backyard listening to their favorite music, swimming in the pool and all of the fun water fights since he so often played kindly and tried not to catch her off guard too much. 
“Alex, are you in any pain? Are you feeling any better?”
“I’m okay,” she said quietly. “I don’t want to go to Foster Care. I’m afraid to live with strangers. Glade ran away so no one could make him go to Foster Care.”
“Do you have any idea as to where Glade might have gone? Any ideas?” Francis asked with great worry.
“I don’t know,” Alex said honestly. This reply made his heart sink. “But Glade promised to text us sometime tonight.”  A glimmer of hope returned in his eyes when she mentioned how Glade might text them.. Dr. Johnson and Dr. Staff were there as Alex and her dad talked. 
“I know he’ll keep his promise. He’ll text me or call. I’m worried if he has any money on him. He’ll need enough to at least survive on. I may not know how much everything costs in life, but I know people have to earn a lot of money to be  able to afford things like safe shelter and food and stuff. The chances are slim to none of Glade being able to earn enough at his age, with integrity and little education––especially while potentially becoming permanently homeless since now he’s a runaway. There's not much chance he’ll survive long. Dad, you’ve got to find him.” She said trying not to cry too much in front of the other doctors.
“I know. I know. I’m worried too,” he said as he ran his fingers nervously through his hair trying to figure out how quickly he could track down his youngest son. “We need to talk about where you’re going to go tonight and where Glade will go to once I find him,” he said as he thought deeply.
Alex knew that runaways make themselves so vulnerable to stranger danger as they get approached by someone who seems friendly and offers the runaway money, but sooner or later their nice side disappears and they lie to trap the runaway and make the runaway do something that scares the vulnerable but now trapped runaway to death. “But the stranger who became my friend started out so nice and helpful…” the runaway would think in shock as they realize what this so-called “friendly” stranger's real intents were all along. 
If the stranger can get the person (and sometimes persons) they want to victimize out of the view of others who may possibly protect the potential victim, then the dangerous stranger wins, and the victim loses as he or she becomes a terrible captive of the stranger’s evil designs.
Dr.  Johnson and Dr. Staff left Alex and Francis alone for a few minutes to talk privately about ideas to keep Alex safe and also out of Foster Care since Dr. Richardson was pushing for immediate intervention and removal of both she and Glade from their dad's home and care (or lack thereof). 
“If I have to leave, can I go stay with Aunt Meredith?”
“I’ll call her and ask. I’m sure it won’t be a problem. They’re great family,” he said a bit embarrassed they were even having the conversation since it wasn’t anyone else’s responsibility to care for his family – it was his responsibility and his alone and his current failures to do so cut him deeply. “I’ll call Samuel and Meredith to see if you can live with them for awhile. But it might be too much for them to have two kids suddenly under their stewardship at the same time. Any ideas or where Glade would want to go?”
“Definitely not back home as long as Dex is there,” Alex said firmly.
“I know. I know.” He was now red in the face with embarrassment that she might think he would actually consider such an irrational option. 
“Could you call Uncle Lee? Maybe he could take Glade in since they get along so well,” Alex thoughtfully suggested. 
“That’s not a bad idea,” he said still focused on his thoughts. With a heavy sigh he looked Alex right in the eyes. “I’m so sorry. Please understand that I did actually try on two different prior occasions to have Dex stay with other relatives but no one was willing to risk having Dex live in their home so long as he couldn't control his temper. I don’t like the idea of losing my two youngest children by having you two stay with relatives instead of Dex leaving. But now, with Dr. Richardson's understandable threats to report my neglect at home, and I guess your mom’s neglect,  in light of the terrible events that occurred today which brought you guys to the ER… I’m  forced to do something about these problems  today, once and for all, or risk losing you guys forever. Understand?”
“Yeah, I guess so.” Alex shrugged.
Because Glade did the majority of the cooking at home, she understood better why she would need to live somewhere with a trustworthy adult family member who would be responsible enough to cook for Alex and actually share it also. 
Dex rarely cooked and rarely left enough to share with others when someone else cooked. Usually he would hurry into the kitchen after Glade would prepare dinner and serve up an oversized amount that hardly left any for Glade or Alex. You wouldn't think that people in a wealthy American family might actually have fist fights over who didn't get to eat what, but this is exactly what happened in the Opalstone home on more than one occasion with mostly absent parents. Alex imagined such a mealtime “survival of the fittest” mentality would never occur in Aunt Meredith's and Uncle Samuel's home, and she was right. 
She tried to ignore the empty feeling in her heart as she took another bite of her mostly finished sandwich. She then thought to offer a silent prayer to God in her heart that somehow she would be able to live in Aunt Meredith's home since Glade would no longer be home to try and protect Alex from Dex if her dad changed his mind and tried to keep her home alone with Dex and their often sleeping mom. She also prayed that God would somehow get Glade a safe place to live too. 
Once Alex and her dad felt they had some good possible solutions for where Alex and Glade could live, her dad was about to leave the room to go talk with Dr. Johnson and to call his wife’s sister, Meredith, until Alex asked her dad if she could quickly talk to him about something else that bothered her. 
"What else is on your mind?" he asked sincerely.
Alex  sighed. She knew it might be awhile before she could talk to her dad or hang out with him again and she knew she had something she needed to confess in case this was her last chance to come clean with something she felt guilty about. "I have to tell you something but I'm afraid that you'll get upset. I did something I shouldn't have done." 
"I'll try not to get too upset," he said gently. 
"I've been stealing money out of the drawer in your bedroom for years. I've been using most of it to feed the poor kids at school during lunchtime. Sometimes I would tell you the money was for a science project or a school fee, but that wasn't always true. Sometimes I used my own allowance money but not always. Maybe only a third of the money ever went to my lunch or a real class project. But most of the time, it was to feed other kids who I'm pretty sure  will never afford to pay us back. I never intended to collect on any of the money paid out. I'm sorry I stole your money, Dad. I'm sorry I've lied so much about it the few times you've asked," Alex said trying to fight back tears. 
Her dad folded his arms across his chest and looked intently at his little Robin Hood of a daughter. “Are you trying to be  like Robin Hood?”
"Of course, not. Robin Hood only stole back what was stolen already. You didn't steal anything from the kids so I'm 
not a Robin Hood," Alex said.
"Good reminder," he said having forgotten how often people misunderstand the way the story of Robin Hood actually went. But Robin Hood or not, he didn’t like the idea of Alex associating with poor kids since he knew that some kids might just use her for her money and still other kids or their older siblings might try and harm her to steal from her. But he also had come from a poor family and had diligently pursued a medical degree to claw his way out of a life of penury. The concept of poverty was something he never wanted his own children to have to face. In some ways, it was an ironic form of hypocrisy that he wanted her to avoid associating with poorer classmates. 
They had argued over her tendency to reach out to poor kids before, but he had no idea just exactly how she was reaching out to them. This was the first time he learned she was using money to help them. Although he wanted to chew her out for not using more wisdom as she made herself a target for theft by bullies at school, he felt now was not the time for such a debate. So he determined he would try and be gentle as he expressed his concerns. "When did you begin taking money from me to feed the other children at your school?" 
"I started in the third grade. That's when I first learned there might be abused or neglected kids at school. They were pretty easy to spot after awhile. They often didn't have a lunch or what they would bring wasn't enough." 
"Do you realize that if I were someone else, such as if you had stolen from someone else, such as one of your friends’ parents or money from the school, that you could be found guilty under law and sent to juvenile prison?" he asked sternly. 
Alex had never really thought about it before. So she answered most honestly. "I do now." 
“Have you ever been threatened by a bully at school to give up your money?” 
“Yes.” 
“What happened?” 
“I didn’t want to get beat up, so I gave it to him.” 
“How often did that happen?” 
“A few times,” Alex replied thoughtfully. Those were the days she had to turn others away since she couldn’t help them. Francis could see she was thinking about it and had some regrets. Although he agreed it was a noble effort to help those less fortunate, he hoped she had learned her lesson to use more wisdom in the future. He then continued. 
"Have you ever stolen from any of your friends’ parents when you visited at their house or have you ever taken money from the school or money or property from anyone else at any time other than from me?" 
"No! Never," came her honest reply. 
"Okay. Then you only have me to confess to and me to deal with. But you should also confess to the Lord by praying for forgiveness.
“ Okay," she sniffled. 
"Do you have any idea just how much money you've stolen from me over the years?" 
"I don't know. I didn't start keeping track until sometime in the fourth grade when I came up with a system for equal distribution of help. Maybe twelve thousand dollars. I don't know." 
Dr. Opalstone gasped as he nearly fell over when he heard the potential amount. "Alex!" he whispered in subdued shock. Alex looked up at her dad and was speechless since she hadn't realized just how much it could be until they actually talked about it. "How are you going to pay that back? That's what you're supposed to do when you repent, if you're sincere, you try and fix what you did wrong." 
Alex looked down in shame as she replied, "I guess you can take it from my savings." 
"What savings?" he asked in disbelief. 
"I've saved up most of my allowance. You can take it out of that." 
"I've never helped you open up a bank account. Did your mother help you open an account?" 
"No." 
"So then where exactly are you putting your savings?" 
"There's three thousand dollars hidden up in the attic of the garage, twenty-five hundred dollars in the trunk of the old Chevy you keep saying you'll fix but never have, another five thousand is stashed under Mom’s rose bushes in the backyard and two thousand is hidden in the can of cracked wheat cereal up on the top shelf in the food pantry." Dr. Opalstone stood dumbfounded. "Well what did you expect? None of us likes cracked wheat. We tried to tell you but you wouldn't listen. You and Mom don't even eat it," Alex said as if she thought he had no right to be surprised over the unused container of cracked wheat cereal. 
"Oh, yeah. And another three thousand is hidden inside the mattress of yours and Mom’s bed," she suddenly remembered. 
Her dad couldn't believe what he was hearing. He then thought Alex was pulling a fast one on him and taking him for a fool since he had no idea Alex had a secret tendency to stash money away for the future. He didn't stash money around the house. His money was always either in the bank, in his wallet or in his top bedroom dresser drawer. 
He began to laugh and shake his finger at Alex. "Oh, no you don't. You can't fool me." 
"If I'm lying to you now, then why do you have a box up in the garage attic that's marked 'extra toilet paper' but what's really inside is..." 
Dr. Opalstone quickly interrupted her. "Okay. Okay. I believe you." He knew exactly what was inside that box and although he wasn't hiding anything of a truly criminal nature, he hid the box out of sight and thought it would never be found. But leave it to an ambitious thirteen-year-old who sought to protect her life savings to be the one who would stumble across a few of her dad's own secrets. "Let's hope that neither Dex nor Glade have stumbled across any of your little stashes of cash since you might not have much left," he said warily. 
"Oh, no. It's all there," she assured him. "I count it every week." 
"Well, let's pull that money out and get it into a bank where it's safe and you're less likely to hurt yourself trying to get it," he said as he suddenly had frightful visions of her falling from the attic and hurting herself in the garage as the attic floor was only partially finished. More allegations of abuse would ensue if that ever happened. "Do you honestly think it's only twelve thousand that you owe me?" 
"Yeah. That sounds about right.”
“Because you do need to fix your mistakes and paying me back is the right way to do it," he said. He then thought deeply for a few moments and asked, "How much of your own allowance do you think you gave away?" 
"Maybe only two thousand. I know. I should have used more of my own money," she said shamefully. 
"So if twelve thousand of it was my money, then that's what you owe me." 
"Yep," she sighed. 
"Then it will have to come out of your savings." 
"Okay." 
"Just out of curiosity, why didn't you hide any money in your own room?" he asked her. 
"I tried. But Dex kept stealing it from me." 
"How do you know it was Dex and not Glade?" 
"Because I know Glade and Glade would never do that to me. Besides, on three different occasions I saw Dex sneak into my room while I was napping. I let him think I was asleep, and I saw him take my money. Two other times I walked in on him in my room trashing it as he looked for my money. He would just beat me up if I didn't tell him where I moved my money so I told him he stole it all––which was partly true because once he took the last of my money from my room, I stopped hiding it there. Ten different places in my room and Dex kept finding them." 
He then sighed and gave her a hug and said, "Thank you for being honest about the money you took from me. I love you––even when you do bad things. I just don't want you to ever think it's okay to do bad things because it's not. If we choose to do something bad, we can't choose the consequences. But I do love you. I'll always love you." 
"I love you too," she replied. 
He then looked at her for a few moments and said, "Because I'm the one you owe money to, I'm also the one that gets to set the terms of your punishment and how you repay the debt. I say you only have to pay me back three thousand, and I'm only going easy on you because you used that money for a good cause and because I know you need to save as much money as you can to be prepared in life before you move out on your own when you're an adult." He also cut her some slack because he felt guilty for her suffering at Dex’s hands again when he knew he should’ve been more protective of her as a father. But he wasn’t ready to admit that more directly. 
"Really? Thanks Dad!" Alex said gratefully. 
"Just realize that my mercy is rarely how life works when you're an adult. If I were a bank or a judge in a court of law, and if you weren't my daughter, you'd probably have to pay all of the twelve thousand plus more money for penalties and fees and you'd still probably also be sent to live in prison. I'm going easy on you. But in real life, outside of our home with other people, that's not the way things usually work. Punishment is usually far, far worse." 
"Wow," Alex said as she realized even more just how grateful she was that her dad was warning her about what usually happens when someone breaks the law. "Thanks again, Dad," she said humbly. 
"You're welcome," he smiled. He then hugged her gently again. 
After Alex and her dad finished their short talk, Dr. Johnson and Dr. Staff came in and discussed with them what Dr. Opalstone's plans were for Alex and Glade. Dr. Opalstone would call Meredith and Samuel Andrews and see if they would be available to come and get Alex from the hospital and take her to live with them beginning tonight. Alex would start going to a new school under her aunt and uncle's care until Dex was old enough to move out. After such time, Alex would return home to live with her dad and mom. At least that was the idea. 
But that would also require Dr. Opalstone to make the time and effort needed  to help his wife return to a fully active and healthy lifestyle so she could be the great wife and mother that she once was for their family. He would need to do this with Raylene in time for Alex and Glade to move back home. He was also hoping he would hear from Glade soon and that if Uncle Lee's family was available to let Glade live with them, that Glade would agree to do so and leave the dangers of living on the streets. 
After only a few phone calls, Dr. Opalstone was able to reach Meredith and ask for this big favor. He offered to pay a set monthly amount in cash to her and Samuel for all of Alex's and Glade's needed expenses such as food, clothing, transportation, education and any other incidentals that might be needed. He offered four thousand a month and left it open to change if they found they needed more to properly care for Alex and Glade. 
Meredith said she was open to taking Alex in but she wasn't sure if they could take Glade in as they had recently moved into a smaller two bedroom home as a means of reducing expenses. So Alex would be the easiest one for them to care for at this time and maybe if he wanted to pay them only two thousand dollars a month for her expenses, then she and Samuel would put any surplus into a savings account on a monthly basis after subtracting needed expenses for Alex's future use. But she said she would need to talk to her husband Samuel first, although she felt it wouldn't be a problem. However, she did offer to take Glade in temporarily for maybe a week or two if needed until Francis could find the right place for Glade. 
She encouraged him to ask Glade, if he called, if he wanted to stay for a couple of weeks with her. If he didn't want to, he didn't have to but their door was open. She expressed her sympathies for what Francis and the kids were going through. Francis expressed his appreciation for her concern and willingness to help. 
By the time Dr. Opalstone finished his conversation with Meredith, he felt emotionally drained. But within forty-five minutes he could let out a grateful sigh of relief as Meredith had called him back and told him she and Samuel would be happy to let Alex come live with them. She said she could be at the hospital within thirty minutes to pick Alex up. 
When Meredith arrived at the hospital, Alex was excited to see her and Meredith was thrilled over her excitement. Alex told her about how much better her shoulder felt and that she got to pick one of her favorite colors for crutches: a deep red, like  the color of a Christmas cranberry. Her crutches were a polished metal that felt smooth to the touch. She told Aunt Meredith about the free sandwich she got and how she prayed to God for her to be able to live with her and Uncle Samuel since Dr. Richardson was going to turn her dad in. Now that God had answered her prayers to help her live with Aunt Meredith, maybe He would answer her prayers to help Glade to also have a safe place to live. Alex was optimistic with her faith that heaven would help Glade too. 
Alex's dad made arrangements to have Meredith bring Alex by their home the next day during a time that they could ensure Dex would not be home so Alex could get her clothing, pictures, books, pillows and any toys or other items Alex wanted to have at Aunt Meredith's. They even planned to get Alex's cash and put it into a bank after she paid back what she agreed she owed to her dad from the previous money she used to feed her classmates at school. But Dr. Opalstone would first take the time to go with Meredith and Alex to Alex's school, Green Forest Middle School, to arrange the transfer of school records to a new school as Alex would no longer be attending Green Forest. 
So with that it was settled. Effective immediately, Alex would be removed from the home of Francis and Raylene Opalstone and she would begin living in the home of Samuel and Meredith Andrews, safely separated from Dex, but painfully separated from Glade and her parents. Alex didn't have to go into Foster Care and possibly live with strangers. She hoped Glade would call her soon so she could tell him that he wouldn't have to live with strangers either if he would just call home. 
"Call us Glade. Please call," Alex plead quietly as Meredith drove her to her new home.


Chapter 5: Home Sweet and Funny Home


Unlike  earlier that afternoon back home, Alex's first night at Aunt Meredith and Uncle Samuel's home was relatively uneventful. Alex was glad to see them again but at the same time she had never thought she would visit them under the circumstances of the day. The Andrews’ home was definitely smaller than the previous home they had. Their current home was a small condo located with several others near the front of a much wealthier subdivision that had much larger homes. 
As Aunt Meredith passed food around the table, she said to Alex, "This is a meal that your father would be proud of since it's very healthy." 
"What do you call it?" Alex asked. 
"Baked chicken breast with grilled asparagus and sweet bell peppers," Meredith smiled. Alex wasn't sure if it would actually taste good but it sounded good and certainly smelled good. 
Both Meredith and Samuel Andrews were an attractive white couple. They were good, honest and caring people and Alex loved that they were family. Samuel was a clean shaven man with dark brown hair and dark brown eyes who had recently turned thirty. He often dressed professionally but was modest in his spending on most clothing designs. At six feet tall, he stood almost eight inches taller than Meredith who was twenty-nine years old. Her light brown hair had highlights and was often in curls but not always. It was long enough to touch her shoulders. She too dressed well but was more practical than most women in that she never felt the need to wear designer labels. 
Her style was always modest so no cleavage or thighs would ever be seen unless she was wearing her one-piece bathing suit at the pool. Meredith bore a strong family resemblance to her older sister Raylene although Raylene's hair was more sandy in color. Meredith's eyes were a lighter brown than her husband Samuel's and together they looked like the perfect couple. With no children of their own yet, they liked the idea of being parental figures for Alex for awhile. 
"Is there dessert afterwards?" Alex eagerly inquired. 
"There is. I'm sure you'll like it, but don't be surprised if you enjoy it just as much as you enjoy this. When you eat healthy, the dinner usually tastes as good as––if not better than––the dessert," Meredith said with a wink. 
Alex knew it was good manners to finish whatever you put on your plate to eat if you can and that it was always a smart move to only serve a small amount of any food you're not sure you'll like onto your plate so it makes it easier to finish all of your food. But everything smelled so good and looked pretty good too so she helped herself to moderate servings of food as the main course and different sides were passed around. The dinner rolls were moderately sized, whole grain, high fiber rolls with 5g of fiber per roll and Alex thought they smelled great. She helped herself to two of them. She then served up some salad onto a small plate near her dinner plate. 
"What's this?" she asked while pointing to a small carrying rack which held two small bottles of liquid. 
"It's salad dressing. The green one is olive oil and the clear one is vinegar. Most people who use it will put a little of both on their salad," Meredith replied. They drank only water with dinner and enjoyed dessert afterward. Alex was surprised at how simple yet elegant the entire meal was. The dessert was nothing more than sliced nectarines and fresh blueberries with some  lowfat, naturally sweetened vanilla yogurt. But she felt like it came straight from heaven as it tasted so good. Eating more healthy foods at mealtime was clearly a habit Alex would enjoy adapting to in the Andrews’ home. 
Samuel had his own career in the construction industry. He had quickly earned himself a reputation as someone who provided the highest quality results. Samuel had proven early on that he was  worthy of the trust to successfully and honestly carry on his father’s business, so when his father passed away three years earlier, there was no question that he would be the one who would inherit his father’s commercial construction business. 
Samuel had started working for his dad at the young age of thirteen so by the time Samuel was twenty-five he had nearly twice the experience in both business management and construction as most men in that industry did at the same age. Samuel was still in college with only one year left until he graduated. He had recently become engaged to Meredith and his plan was to marry her, graduate from college and get out of commercial construction so he could pursue his real passion of residential home building and design. But when his father passed away, due to an accident on a construction job just a few weeks after he became engaged to Meredith, his plans changed as he carried on his father’s business as a general contractor and married Meredith later than planned. 
Now three years had passed and although he and Meredith had been married for over two years, he still hadn’t finished his last year of college due to business demands. Meredith was pushing him to get that last year of college finished. He planned on making time to complete it within the next two years. 
“Just bring your dishes over here, Alex,” Meredith politely suggested as she rinsed her own dishes in the sink now that the meal was over. She began putting the rinsed dishes in the dishwasher. 
Meredith worked also. She taught two courses at a local university: Home Economics and Personal Finance.  Even if she had taught different subjects, she and Samuel had already agreed to both be involved in all decisions affecting the financial aspects of their marriage with the only exception being that he would work mostly with a CPA to handle the money in his construction business. She loved that Samuel wanted to design and build homes more than commercial buildings but she knew not to push him to pursue it before he was ready. 
“You’re probably used to helping clean up at home, huh?” she asked Alex as she rinsed more dishes.
“Sometimes. I guess it depends on who’s cooking at my house,” Alex shrugged.
“Well, Samuel and I clean up together as much as possible right after meals,” said Meredith. She was wise to teach Alex as early as possible that it was expected for everyone to clean up after themselves and pitch in to clean up as a family. Alex saw both Meredith and Samuel bring their own dishes over to the sink to rinse them and put them in the dishwasher so Alex didn’t want to be the odd one out.  
Although Alex was a guest in their home, her stay was more as a member of the family than someone visiting on vacation so Alex understood the logic behind doing her part to add to the harmony of the Andrews’ existing family unity. 
“Alex, don’t do too much, honey. As long as you need crutches I’m not going to expect you to be on your feet cleaning all the time. Until you’re healed up Samuel and I can take care of most things.”
“Yeah, if all you do is use your crutches and rarely rest then it sort of defeats the purpose of having them,” Samuel added gently. Samuel may have been as tall as a bear but he was usually tender in a way that maintained his masculinity. “Using the crutches is a bit of a catch-22, isn’t it? I mean you’re not supposed to put any weight on your foot but  in order to use them you’ve got  to put a fair amount of pressure on your still healing shoulder, right?” he asked Alex.
“ It’s not too bad,” Alex said. The mild over-the-counter pain meds the doctor recommended for her helped to ease any discomfort. After Alex helped them to finish putting away a few of the dinner items off of the table, she started to help more by wiping down the counter tops.
“I think you’d best take a rest now Alex,” Meredith said with gentle concern in her voice. “Why don’t you go have a seat in the living room and Uncle Samuel and I will be in there in a minute.” 
“Okay,” Alex said in a tired voice. It had been a particularly rough day for her so any fatigue she felt was definitely justified. As Alex went to go sit down, Meredith put dish detergent in the dishwasher and turned it on. Then they all gathered in their small living room by the kitchen to have family prayer just before they all retired to bed. 
Alex continued her own routine of changing into her pajamas and brushing and flossing her teeth before she went to bed. She would usually then rinse her teeth with a reliable name brand mouth rinse that would fight bad breath and strengthen her tooth enamel. 
Alex may have been young, but she knew two important things when it came to dental care: (1) tooth problems are often very painful, and (2) appointments to see a dentist were usually very expensive when you were there to solve a tooth problem. So Alex brushed, flossed and rinsed every day to prevent painful dental problems. She didn't mind going in for tooth cleanings and regular checkups, but she would do all that she could to avoid any other dental appointments––and that meant she needed to brush three times a day, and floss and rinse her teeth on a regular basis. 
As Meredith made sure Alex had clean linens on the bed in what would be her new bedroom, she also showed her where the extra towels and washcloths were for the bathroom Alex would use. It would take awhile for her to get used to living in a new place and learn where everything was. Meredith even put a special night light in the hallway near the entry to the guest bathroom Alex would use so she could find it more easily if Alex had to use the bathroom in the middle of the night. 
"Do you guys always pray like that before you go to bed?" Alex asked Meredith. 
"We do,” Meredith nodded. “We wanted to get in the habit before we had children so that once they started to arrive, we'd already be doing it each night before bed. We pray on our own privately but we also pray as a family. We'll do that again tomorrow morning just before we all go our separate ways for the day. That way we can have more peace, safety and guidance for success throughout the day." 
This wasn’t something Alex was used to. Her parents taught her some things about God but other than that, not much religion was practiced at home as Alex was growing up. They rarely went to church on Sundays. But Alex didn't mind the idea of praying as a family with Meredith and Samuel. The evening prayer Samuel offered was brief but sincere and he prayed for Alex by name that she would feel comfortable in their home and not miss out on any good opportunities God had intended for her happiness as she lived with them. Alex liked that part of the prayer. 
After Meredith finished tucking Alex into bed, she turned out the light and wished her goodnight. Although Alex was grateful for a safer place to live, who knew how long it would last? So Alex was already thinking of what she could do to earn her own money as soon as she could so she could buy her own home and move out. She would earn that money honorably and nothing would stop her from being able to have her own place so she and Glade could be together as brother and sister again. She couldn't fall asleep yet. She listened as she heard Meredith's footsteps walking away from her down the hall. It was strange to hear her aunt and uncle's voices in another room as she tried to fall asleep. It was strange not to be given a hug goodnight by Glade. She missed Twinkles and Bubbles terribly. Alex tried to accept the fact that things were different now and that it really was a good thing. Eventually she fell asleep.



The  Andrews’ home seemed to run with smooth consistency as Alex was gently woken by  Meredith at 6 a.m. sharp.
“Psst…Alex,” Meredith whispered in a singsong voice. “Good morning, my cute niece.”
Alex rolled over and mumbled, “Good morning.” Alex was still waking up so the best she could do was a half-smile to let Meredith know she was glad to be woken by her.
“Breakfast will be ready in about half an hour. It’s 6:00 am now so that means breakfast should be ready at 6:30am. You think you can make it to the table on time? Or do you need some help?”
“I’ll be alright. I can make it.”
“We try to have breakfast ready and eaten so Samuel can be out the door shortly after seven. We need to leave close to 7:30am – if not a little earlier – to be on time to meet your dad at eight at your school. Okay?”
“Okay,” Alex yawned as she began to sit up in bed.
Meredith smiled, “Okay. See you in a few minutes.” She then gently closed Alex’s door. 
Breakfast had the same theme as dinner: healthy. Meredith had on the table some grapefruit halves, high fiber whole wheat English muffins and poached eggs. No super sugary juice drinks could be found anywhere. Meredith and Samuel drank decaffeinated coffee with lowfat milk and some natural sweetener. Alex had the option to either drink plain, unsweetened soy milk, lowfat or regular whole milk or filtered water. Although she liked all of the options, she decided to drink the cold water that was filtered in a pitcher from the fridge. 
They all arrived at the breakfast table around the same time and everyone was clean and wearing the proper clothes they intended to wear for the day. Together they ate at the breakfast table after first offering up a grateful prayer as a blessing on the food. After breakfast was done, Samuel cleared and rinsed his dishes and brushed his teeth. Just before he left for work, Samuel invited everyone to gather for a family prayer so that they could thank the Lord for another day of opportunity and to ask for blessings to help them to have the safety and protection and other blessings of success they would all need throughout the day. He then kissed Meredith goodbye for the day and gave Alex a gentle hug being careful not to hurt her shoulder. He was out the door and on his way to work by 7:15 a.m.. 
Alex helped Meredith clean up the kitchen and then the two went to their own separate bathrooms to brush their teeth. They were then out the door by 7:30 a.m. to be on time to meet Alex’s dad at her school. On the way, Meredith asked if Alex already knew everything she would want to pack and bring back to her new home with Meredith and Samuel, but Alex's thoughts were elsewhere. 
“I’m sorry that Twinkles and Bubbles can’t live with us. That was your dad’s decision and I want to respect that,” Meredith said sensing why Alex might be so quiet. Meredith was hoping Alex would realize Meredith wasn’t the bad guy on such a sensitive decision. But Alex didn’t want to talk about that. Everything was just too painful at the moment. She had overheard Meredith’s conversation earlier that morning as she spoke with Francis over the phone about Alex’s pets. 
Meredith and Samuel were happy to let her pets live with them and remain with Alex. But Dex wanted Twinkles and Bubbles since Alex was leaving. So ironically, her recent birthday present of her favorite pets would be given to her archenemy of an older brother. Alex couldn’t believe her father and brother could be so cruel. But then again, she shouldn’t have been surprised. 
At least she received a text from Glade. He would be living with Uncle Lee. But Alex didn’t want to talk about that either. 
Meredith was at a loss for words as she could see Alex’s pain surfacing as she fought back tears. Alex decided to change the subject so she chose a subject less emotional for herself. 
“I thought you and Uncle Samuel lived in that other house, remember? The big one, with five bedrooms and all those bathrooms? You even had a movie theatre room. Remember? Why don't you live there anymore?" Alex wondered as she tried not to sound too sad. 
"I remember," Meredith replied. "But do you remember that was also the home your Uncle Samuel spent all of that time renovating? Remember how he worked so long and hard to fix it up?" 
Alex wasn't sure she remembered the part where he had renovated it. Meredith continued. "We never planned on living there long-term. We just lived in it long enough to enjoy it after it was all fixed up and then we sold it and moved into the home we're in now." Alex looked confused. 
"Why would you work on a house, a house that's a lot bigger and nicer than what you have now, and then sell it to live some place that's not as nice? You and Uncle Samuel owned that bigger house, right?" Alex frankly asked. She was feeling grumpy now over the loss of her beloved pets. 
"Yes, we owned it. But Uncle Samuel bought it so we could make some money on it by fixing it up and selling it before we started having children. Fixing that home up was a really big project and it wouldn't have been very safe to do all of that work and have little children living there with us at the same time. At one point, we slept on the floor just because we didn't have room for furniture yet. But that was only after we made sure the home could be locked up securely enough to keep out others who might want to vandalize it since they may have thought it was empty and unoccupied." 
"So how did you make money on it?" Alex wondered. 
"We bought it at a low price because it was an older home in poor condition. So after we were done fixing it up, the house was worth much more than what we bought it for. So when we sold it we made a nice profit. We then put those profits into savings since we didn't need that money for the home we live in now. The condo we live in now cost us a lot less money to buy than the bigger house we bought to fix up," Meredith replied casually. 
Alex thought deeply for several moments. 
"Do you know what profits are?" Meredith asked her just in case she didn't understand the idea behind the real estate investment opportunity she just tried to explain to Alex. But Alex rolled her eyes. Of course she knew what profits were. 
"Oh yeah. It's the surplus of the sales price over whatever the item's original cost was––usually the cost to produce it. So if I buy something, like a used book at a garage sale, and if I buy it for five dollars and then sell it to someone else who is willing to pay fifteen dollars for the book I bought for five dollars, then I'll make a profit of ten dollars," Alex responded matter-of-factly. She tried not to be too sarcastic about it. 
"That's right," Meredith said impressed. 
"But chances are pretty slim that anyone is going to make money off of a used book that way unless it's either an extremely rare collector’s book that's in good condition, or a really new and popular bestseller that's in good condition. But since both of those scenarios are hard to find where someone would sell it to you for cheap, it doesn't happen very often," Alex added. Meredith nodded in agreement and Alex continued. 
“But please don’t tell me you got a mortgage on the bigger home just to fix it up. Because in my opinion, if you didn’t make at least a twenty percent return on your money, I’d say such an effort was hardly worth it,” she added smugly. 
Meredith was in shock but tried not to fire back in her response. “Yes, we got a mortgage, but we made a large down payment on it––sixty percent down, as a matter of fact––and the payments were easier for us to handle than had we put less money  down. And even if we hadn’t made at least a twenty percent rate of return, the experience we gained was extremely valuable,”  Meredith replied trying not to show any embarrassment that her thirteen-year-old niece might actually recognize if Meredith and Samuel made a mistake or two in their investing experience. “I can’t believe we’re even having this conversation,” she added in disbelief. 
"Okay. I think I get the part where you fixed it up without any of your own children around yet. Was that so they wouldn't be running somewhere in the house and trip on tools like a large hammer and box of nails that could be on the floor?" Alex asked. 
Meredith snickered and said, "Yes. We didn't want any of our children running around and possibly hurting themselves as we fixed up the house." 
"I still don't get the other part," Alex said thoughtfully. 
"What other part?" 
"Making money before having children. I thought you guys already had lots of money," she replied innocently. 
Astounded, Meredith gasped and asked, "Where did you get that idea?" 
Alex looked perplexed and said, "You and Uncle Samuel lived in a house over three times the size of the one you now live in––the huge house you just told me you put down sixty percent on and then sold for a profit––and now you're asking where I got the idea that you two have lots of money? Please. I may only be thirteen years old, but I'm pretty sure I can tell when someone at least at one time looked like they had lots of money." 
Meredith was momentarily at a loss for words over Alex's quick wit but then she suddenly bounced back to not only answer Alex's question, but to teach her a lesson in manners. 
"Well, first of all, having children is a very expensive choice to make financially and your Uncle Samuel and I knew we needed to have as much savings as possible before we began having children since we definitely want children. We didn't feel we needed to have millions and millions saved up but we did feel like we should at least have one year’s worth of children's expenses saved up first. We figured that would be about twenty thousand dollars or so that we should have saved and ready when our first baby arrived. And second of all, just because someone once looked like they had a lot of money but now look like they may have less, whether or not someone had a lot of money to begin with is frankly none of your business," she replied in a simple, no nonsense manner. 
Alex mumbled to herself as she looked down at her shoes. "That's what my dad always says." 
"What does your dad always say?" Meredith asked. 
" 'Someone else’s money is none of your business.' That's what he says." 
Meredith softened up a little. "Alex, you hear that from adults because the subject of money is a subject adults usually deal with––not children––and it's considered a private matter by most because it can also be a sensitive matter to a lot of people. Adults don't want to be taken advantage of or to be seen as unintelligent so they keep their money matters private with most people unless they hire someone to give them professional financial advice." 
Alex remained silent for a minute in quiet frustration. She then sighed and said, "I just think people are less likely to make certain mistakes in life if they first know just how much things cost in life. Just like you said. It's expensive to have children. It's exactly because you know how much it all costs first, that you know better how to have kids at the right time and in the best way––a way that you and Uncle Samuel can really handle financially and in other ways. If no one ever let's me know how  much things really cost now, then how can I make the best decisions now that will also have some of the biggest effects on my future?" 
They both rode along in silence for several moments until Meredith said humbly, "That's a very good question, Alex. A very good question." Meredith was in awe over the simplicity in Alex's logic. She continued driving as she quietly wondered how a thirteen-year-old could think in such a mature fashion.



Just  as scheduled, they arrived at Green Forest Middle School and met Alex's dad near the front entrance. As Alex hobbled in on her crutches with her dad and Aunt Meredith by her side, the whispers began among some of the staff who watched Alex come in. “This must be the day that Alex would be pulled from school,” they quietly suggested among themselves. They knew that day would probably come sooner or later since many of the teachers and faculty had heard rumors about Dex and the neglect Alex experienced at home. 
Alex found the whole process of uprooting her to transfer her to another school rather boring. 
“Just wait out here in the hall, Alex. It’ll only be for a few minutes,” the Principal said. Of all of the conversations her dad had with some of the faculty there, Alex wasn't even included in half of them.
As she waited in a chair out in the hall during one of their private conversations, she remembered she missed her play date with Brenda yesterday and so she grabbed her cell phone to send her a text.  Her cell battery was completely dead. She forgot to charge her battery so now she couldn’t text. She had no idea when her cell phone may have powered off although it must have been sometime after she read the text Glade sent her. She grabbed her spare battery and was thankful it had a full charge. Right after powering it up, her phone rang. It was Brenda.
“I saw you in the hall just now. Why didn’t you come over yesterday? Are you okay? I saw you at the principal’s office. So you’re either in trouble, which I doubt, or you’re receiving some reward – like a reward for being the coolest student ever. I figure you must have a good reason for not showing up yesterday since I know how badly you want the newspaper. So what’s up?”
“I can’t live with my parents anymore. I’m having to live with relatives which means…”
“You’re moving?” Brenda interrupted in shock.. “Why can’t you live in your house?”
“It’s a long story. I don’t really want to talk about it right now,” Alex almost began to cry. “I really did want to come over yesterday but something interrupted it. But don’t worry. I’ll give you the autographed table. It just probably won’t be today.”
“I can’t believe you’re moving!” Brenda began to cry.
“There’s nothing I can do about it. And believe it or not it’s a good thing.”
“I don’t want you to move,” Brenda cried.
“How are you making this call? I know you’re not calling from class.”
Brenda replied tearfully, “I’m in the bathroom.”
“I promise I’ll see you when I can.”
“Is it because of Dex? Did he hurt you again? I’ll kill that bully! I don’t care if he’s your brother!” Brenda said angrily.
“ Yeah. Dex has something to do with it. But I’ll be safer away from him.”
“Why can’t he move, huh? He doesn’t deserve to live there but you do. He should move, not you!”
“None of my relatives will take him. He’s too violent. My dad already tried that once. You remember. Last summer.”
“Oh yeah,” Brenda said less tearfully. “That sucks,” she sniffled.
“I’m glad you called. I was just about to text you.”
“This conversation would’ve taken too long to text,” Brenda snickered.
“True.”
“Will I see you at all later today? When is your last day here at school?”
“I’m pretty sure it was yesterday. Today seems to be the day I’m switching to a new school.”
“Which school?”
“North Ivy,” Alex sighed. 
“I should probably get back to class,” Brenda said as she thought she heard someone walking towards the girl’s restroom. “I’m really gonna miss you.”
“I’ll miss you too.”
“Call me tonight if you can, okay?”
“Okay.”
“Bye for now.”
“Bye for now.” Alex seemed to know that once the trade for the newspaper was complete that chances are her friendship with Brenda would fade pretty quickly since they would live so far apart and neither of them was old enough to drive a car yet. Alex’s heart began to ache.
She tried to see if any of the occasional passing students were a friend she could at least wave to. She hoped to find some comfort in a friendly, familiar face since this would be the last time she would set foot in that school. She really hoped to see her best guy-friend, Chase, before she left. But since Alex had arrived during a time when all students were in their first class, the halls were mostly empty with the exception of the Assistant Principal scouting the halls. There was also seen a few random students that occasionally appeared under the usual excuse of the need to go to the bathroom. 
After several minutes had passed without seeing any other students, Alex saw a former classmate named Gloria shuffling quickly to what was most likely a trip to the bathroom. Gloria was a student Alex helped regularly with lunch money. She didn't notice Alex watching her. Alex then tilted her head back against the wall where she sat and she let out a long, heavy sigh as a quiet sense of sadness began to sink into her heart over the thought that Gloria would be looking to find Alex for help again for lunch money only to find that Alex was no longer attending the school and would therefore no longer be able to help Gloria, or any of the other dozen or so students that had come to rely on her over the years. She would no longer be able to protect weaker students from bullies either. Suddenly Alex felt very tired. 
When her dad and Meredith emerged from their final meeting with the school principal, the typical obligatory handshakes of goodbyes ensued.
"We're sad to see you go, Alex, but you'll be a tremendous blessing to North Ivy Academy. I just know it,"  the Principal said with a confident smile to Alex.
Alex was speechless as they left. Alex's dad held the rear passenger side door open for Alex to sit in as Meredith seated herself up in the front passenger seat of Francis' glistening late model luxury sedan. With everyone seated in his car and with all seat  belts fastened, he drove them to North Ivy Academy. It made sense to leave Meredith's car at Green Forrest while he drove them all to North Ivy since they would be heading back to the Opalstone residence afterward and then they could simply swing back by Green Forrest to let Meredith pick up her car. 
Francis and Meredith began talking about various subjects that ranged from his latest medical developments at work to subjects about the real estate market costs for areas near North Ivy Academy. As the two talked up front, Alex became lost in her own thoughts in the back. 
North Ivy Academy was not only a rich private school, but it was a hard school that had earned one of the nation’s highest rankings for academic achievement. The thought that Alex might actually have to start working hard to get an “A” grade gave Alex spooky chills. And what was worse, she would have to start wearing a school uniform. She seriously hoped she wouldn't be required to wear a dress. Being a tomboy was a significant part of who Alex was. And although Alex was also naturally pretty enough to look and act feminine, the requirement to wear a dress wasn't something she liked. She preferred to have a choice in such matters. 
She began to worry. “Dad?” Alex asked.
“Yeah, honey?” he replied.
“Will I have to wear a short, immodest skirt? Like something barely knee length or shorter? If so, shouldn’t the school care about how a girl feels when she wears certain clothing? I mean, the whole point of immodest clothing is to make a sexual object out of the person who wears it and I  hate that feeling.”
“If the school administrators make the girls wear uniforms that are immodest that does seem to say that they don’t think much of the poor example that makes,” Meredith replied. “It certainly tends to distort the views of the girls of themselves as young ladies as well as by the young men and adults.”
“Yeah. See? Aunt Meredith gets it.” Alex replied. Francis just shrugged his shoulders.
“Do you know what ‘upskirting’ is, Dad?”
“No. What’s ‘upskirting’?” he asked curiously.
“It’s when a boy sneaks up behind a girl in a skirt and takes a picture of what she’s wearing under her skirt. If the school requires immodest skirts then they probably don’t even care about it.”
Francis was at a loss for words. He wasn’t sure if he could believe those facts but then again, he was the same man that didn’t always believe Alex or Glade when they complained about Dex.
These concerns made Alex plan ahead. If any boy tried to 'upskirt' Alex by sneaking up behind her and using their cell phone to try and take a picture of Alex's underpants, then the only photo they would run away with would be a picture of Alex's shorts that covered her underwear. That way it would be a wasted shot. Just the thought of having to protect herself from such a violation if her privacy made her angry. But at least she was smart enough to plan ahead so any boy who would think Alex was an easy target would be quickly disappointed. With that worry temporarily resolved, she moved onto other thoughts. 
“Do you think there will be any poor kids to help with lunch money needs?” Alex asked openly.
“Don’t go there, Alex.” Francis warned. “Just leave that thought alone and let their parents feed their own kids.”
“You care about poor kids, Alex?” Meredith asked in awe. Alex nodded sincerely. “Wow! Francis you sure did raise a great kid!” Meredith smiled.
“Don’t encourage her. If you do, you may just find your bank account dwindling,” he said cautiously.
“Uh-oh,” Meredith snickered not really believing him or understanding exactly what he meant.
“ Dad, do you think the teachers at North Ivy will be very strict?” Alex asked. “What if I get in trouble for something even though I didn’t do anything wrong?” She wondered if she made an innocent mistake, would she be severely punished with little or no chance to explain her side of the story. Alex felt a headache starting. 
“I don’t know, honey,” Francis said. “Try not to worry.”
She looked out the window to see the homes they were now passing on the street. They were very large and most luxurious. She thought they must be getting close to the academy since she remembered hearing her dad mention earlier that it was located in a wealthy area. 
As they pulled into the parking lot of North Ivy Academy, many of the cars parked there were similar in prestige and price to Francis' car. As Alex saw the rows of some of the various luxury cars, she noticed that some of the much older models may have only been valued at around twenty-five thousand dollars or less. The newer models must have been valued at around seventy thousand or more. Alex began feeling more at home. 
She noticed another parking lot with a mix of older and much less valuable cars and she assumed that those must have belonged to the custodial people and some of the part-time staff. Most of the more expensive cars probably belonged to the high school students who had their driver’s license and the other cars may have belonged to a few of the principals and teachers since North Ivy had an unusual reputation for only hiring the best teachers so they could get the best results for the students and pay such five-star teachers highly as well. 
These teachers were blessed to work at North Ivy since the academy held parents accountable for what happens for students at home. North Ivy required parents to work closely with the teachers to ensure that students were getting homework done at home and getting any other extra help needed by the teachers for students to understand their studies and earn higher test scores with honest efforts. 
Francis found a Visitors Parking spot near the front entrance and parked. They all got out of the car and took in the view of the academy and its campus grounds. As the three used the disability ramp so Alex could more comfortably use her crutches to approach the front entrance, Alex was surprised to see what looked to be a fairly new and very modern school. 
"I love the architecture," Francis said in awe. 
"This year they'll celebrate its fifth year of opening," Meredith said. 
Once inside Alex felt small as she looked up at the three story high ceiling. Lots of natural sunlight shined though the tall windows and the various hallways. The rooms seemed much more open and spacious than the older school of Green Forrest. Alex saw more students in the halls this time as they had arrived when students were passing in between classes. A veritable campus of learning, several buildings were scattered over five acres of land. North Ivy Academy had an elementary school, middle school and high school. It actually felt like it was a university setting but on a much smaller scale. 
“I heard this school has an average waiting list of over three hundred students per year.” Meredith said to Francis as they walked and talked.
“It’s true. The only way a new student can enter is by a school raffle held at the start of each year. That would have kept Alex out for the year if it had not been for a few things.” Francis said.
“What few things?” Meredith asked curiously.
“First, evidence had recently confirmed that a student Alex's age was kidnapped just four days earlier by his own father and moved to a state over two thousand miles away since his parents were divorcing and in a heated custody battle.”
“Oh, that’s terrible,” Meredith said sympathetically.
“So the administrators at North Ivy have no idea of when he’ll be back.”
“That kid could be gone for months if the police can’t find them,” Meredith added.
Francis nodded in sympathetic agreement and continued. “Second, no one of the school's staff had yet called to schedule another raffle or yet picked someone on the waiting list to fill his spot.  And third, but most importantly, just one year ago, the son of North Ivy's principal underwent a lifesaving surgery…
“…by the skilled hands of Dr. Francis R. Opalstone,” Meredith guessed with a chuckle as she gave him a cheerful pat on his arm.
“Yes,” he smiled, “And I waived over thirty thousand dollars for fees and services as the total cost for the medical help exceeded what the Principal could ultimately afford.”
“So the Principal owes you a favor!” Meredith whispered exuberantly.
“Let’s just say that the principal here is more than willing to accommodate my desires to place Alex as a student at North Ivy at this time,” he said proudly. Meredith shook her head smiling just thinking at the powers Francis had as a successful and well-known doctor. 
After Alex went through another round of meetings with school administrators that mostly included her dad and Aunt Meredith, it was finally over as more handshakes ensued. As Principal McDougal escorted them back to the main entrance of the school, the sounds of their shoes and voices echoed as they walked and talked. 
"Well, Alex, I understand you enjoy learning about financial planning and investments. Is this true?" Principal McDougal asked intently. 
"I like to learn all I can so I can know what to plan for my own future," she said matter-of-factly. 
"Decisions about money are some of the most important decisions anyone can make," he said. 
She then looked at him thoughtfully and asked, "Should I call you Principal McDougal or Mr. McDougal?" 
"Either is fine," he replied. 
"Principal McDougal, did you know that the average American baby boomer who turns sixty this year and plans on retiring at age sixty-five has less than five years to accumulate a minimum of $2.5 million dollars, which would barely provide for their needs if they lived to age ninety?" Alex asked him rather seriously. 
Principal McDougal suddenly turned pale in fear over the thought of his own inadequate retirement savings, but he quickly tried to hide his shock. "No, Alex," he nervously chuckled, "As a matter of fact I did not know that." 
Alex continued. "It's exactly because of the fact that people don't know these things soon enough in life which is a big reason people are retiring in poverty." Principal McDougal started to look like he was getting sick at the thought but again he tried to hide it with a smile. "The sooner people learn in life what they really need to retire with enough money just to survive, the sooner they can take the right actions to ensure a happy and successful retirement. The sooner they learn the right things about money, the more control they can have over their future," Alex added as she smiled proudly nearly sounding like a television commercial for a large investment firm. 
Dr. Opalstone thought he'd better rein in the super financial phenomenon known as his young daughter before the Principal fainted. "That's enough for now, Alex," Francis smiled in some embarrassment. He wasn't sure if the Principal would feel insulted by such a young girl knowing more than he knew about money since after all, he was the Principal and it could be  considered rude if he thought she might be showing off. But as usual, Alex was not showing off. Alex was just being Alex. And if she happened to know more than most adults did about money, then so be it.  
"Thank you again for your help," he said to Principal McDougal.”
As  Francis, Meredith and Alex began to walk out the front doors, Principal McDougal was reminded of something to tell Alex. Because she clearly had a particularly bright mind, he thought he should tell her of an important event that the school would be inviting students to participate in––an event that may be a good outlet for Alex's deep thinking mentality. 
"Alex, one more thing..." 
"Yeah?" Alex replied, as she leaned on her crutches and listened intently. 
"Do you like competitions? Particularly ones that require intellectual capability and strategy more than physical strength?" 
Alex shrugged, "I don't know. Maybe." 
"Be sure to be on time tomorrow as a new school competition will be announced to all middle school students sometime tomorrow morning. I think you might actually like it," he smiled. 
"What kind of competition?" Alex asked curiously. 
"A fund-raising competition." 
"What's the prize for the winner?" 
"Be on time tomorrow and keep your ears open and you'll find out!" he replied cheerfully. He then turned and walked away. Alex was intrigued.



Once Meredith's car was loaded up with the last of all the items Alex had decided to take with her, Alex reluctantly gave her dad a hug and a kiss and he assured her that they would stay in touch. Unfortunately, it didn't surprise anyone that her mom slept through both the moving of Alex's stuff as well as the goodbyes. She couldn’t even say goodbye to Twinkles and Bubbles as her dad kept them in the backyard and on reserve for Dex. Francis then hurried back to the hospital to catch up on whatever work he could as he had not planned that helping Alex would take as long as it had. 
When Meredith and Alex arrived back at the Andrews’ home, Meredith unloaded the car and let Alex get off of her feet and rest her ankle. Meredith put most of Alex's stuff away in Alex's bedroom. As both were too tired and hungry to fix something to eat and more errands needed to be ran, they stopped by an old fashioned, truly family-friendly restaurant and got a bite to eat. After completing all of the errands they could in the short amount of time they had, they returned home and Alex tried to help Meredith make dinner, but she insisted Alex get off of her feet. They had already had a busy day, and Meredith knew Alex needed the rest. Alex decided to sit at the kitchen table and observe  Meredith making yet another healthy meal. 
Despite her heartache over the drastic and unpleasant changes in her life, Alex enjoyed learning what makes a meal healthy and Meredith seemed to enjoy teaching it. When Uncle Samuel arrived home, although he was quick to give Meredith a kiss hello and a loving pat on Alex's back, it was clear he was tired from working all day. He was ready to eat whatever was ready for dinner. His face showed a five-o-clock shadow. Meredith was also tired but she hid it better than he did and once he noticed that, he decided to offer to take care of all of the dishes for her after dinner. Because he seemed to have a bit more energy after dinner than she did, she gladly took him up on his offer. 
Alex couldn't help but to cheerfully pitch in to help with dishes  after dinner as she noticed the mutual kindness between her aunt and uncle which gave her the warm feeling of family togetherness she longed for. But Uncle Samuel didn’t let her help long as he too encouraged Alex to rest her ankle and shoulder. 
With the dishes done and the kitchen clean, Samuel went into the nearby living room to find Meredith sitting with her feet propped up on a foot rest and working on her schedule for the week. Alex was seated nearby and reading one of Uncle Samuel’s subscriptions to a home design magazine. 
"Your kitchen is now sparkling clean, my lady," Samuel smiled as he bowed as a royal servant might do for his royal Queen. 
"Thank you," she smiled back. 
"Did you want to talk now or did you have something else in mind first?" he asked Meredith pleasantly. 
"I think now is a good time," she said still smiling as she removed her feet from the stool and sat up more straight. 
Samuel thought for a moment and then said, “Maybe we should have family prayer now and then we can all talk. We can pray for us to discuss the right things for continued harmony here at home.” 
Meredith nodded, “That sounds good.” Alex agreed too. 
They all bowed their heads and Samuel offered a brief prayer of gratitude for some specific blessings and then asked for help to have a positive conversation together before they all headed for bed. Then he closed the prayer in Jesus’ name and they all said “Amen.” 
Samuel seated himself on the couch next to Meredith. He rested his arm along the back of the couch near Meredith's shoulders. Samuel and Meredith looked at one another just before Samuel began to speak to Alex. 
"Well, first we wanted to welcome you to our home and as much as we wish you were visiting us under more pleasant circumstances, we know that isn't the case, but we’re still happy to have you as a guest in our home. We really want to do all that we can to help you feel comfortable and welcome here and we feel a good way to do that is to have a short discussion tonight on some ways we can achieve that while also ensuring the continued comfort your Aunt Meredith and I have enjoyed as husband and wife in our own home. So for starters, why don't you tell us some things that you enjoy doing, Alex, for fun?" 
"I like to read, listen to my music, text my friends, have friends over or go over to their house, play video games, eat fun food and..." she paused for a moment to think until she remembered, "Oh yeah, swim and watch movies." Alex was still blue as she missed her pets, but she tried to concentrate on the conversation at hand. 
"Those all sound like fun things," Meredith agreed. 
"Absolutely!" Samuel nodded. 
"Hopefully there will be times when we can enjoy some of those things together. How does that sound, Alex?" Samuel asked. 
"That sounds great," Alex replied with a rather ho-hum sigh. 
"But because we realize that there will be other times when you'll want to do those things by yourself, we thought we could work out a way where you could enjoy doing those things in a way that also works well for Aunt Meredith and I. But before we discuss that, we'd like to tell you some things we enjoy about our home and fun things we like as well, so we can all do things we each like to do and are appropriate while living here together in our home. Okay?" Samuel asked Alex. 
"Okay," she replied sounding a little more interested. 
Meredith chimed in. "Before your Uncle Samuel and I got married, we sat down and discussed some things we wanted to achieve as goals if we decided to get married. Once we discovered we agreed on so many things and also found this was true over  time with various choices we made, we decided to go ahead and get married. One of the things we discussed was how our home would be ran so we could enjoy a peaceful, loving environment that would not only continue to strengthen our marriage but also be a good environment to bring our children into in the future." 
"We found that a good way to keep our home and our marriage as harmonious as possible is to have clearly defined, realistic and mutually agreed upon expectations," Samuel added. 
"We have a few mottos to help us with that and one of them is basically that uncommunicated expectations are not realistic and are often the cause of a lot of contention," Meredith said. Samuel nodded in agreement. 
"So we have what we call a 'Contention Prevention' strategy for our home which is to make sure that as often as we can, we establish clear communication, openly discussing our wishes and expectations and we do so with the understanding that only those expectations that have been mutually discussed and agreed to––in advance––can be considered fair to expect. Does that make sense to you, Alex?" Samuel asked. 
"Sure," Alex said truthfully. 
"We've created a list of what we call Allowable Strengthening and Productive Activities that can be done here at our home as well as a list of Weakening and Destructive Activities we agree not to allow because we don't want to allow in our home anything that weakens any of us or is otherwise destructive and ultimately counterproductive to achieving our family goal of having a peaceful, harmonious and loving home." Meredith added.
"Now, I bet Alex already knows some of those things that we have on our allowable list. Things that strengthen our family and provide a positive and productive home. Go ahead, Alex. What do you think might be on our allowable list?" Samuel asked.
"Listening to good music? Clean music? Like no offensive language or sexual lyrics?" Alex thoughtfully suggested. 
"Absolutely! What else?" Samuel replied.
"Texting friends?" 
"You've got it! I text my friends every day. Keep going. What else?" 
"Watching good movies––clean ones––and playing good, clean video games?" 
"You are absolutely right, Alex. Now let me ask this. Is it okay to do that all day and all night – texting friends, watching movies, listening to music and playing video games? Even if it's all clean forms of entertainment?" Meredith asked intently. 
"No," Alex half-laughed as she felt the answer was so obvious. 
"Why not? What would happen if we did all those fun things all day and all night, every day of the week?" 
"We'd get tired and we would never eat," Alex replied trying not to giggle so as to show sincere respect. 
"You're right. Is being tired all day and night and never eating day after day after day––is that something that would strengthen us or weaken us?" 
"Weaken us," Alex replied. She now had all inclinations to chuckle under control. 
"Then should we allow doing those fun things all day and night? Or should we say, 'No. We should never do any of it? Or do you think it's okay to do some fun things only some of the time?" 
"We should do some fun things only some of the time," she answered. 
"Exactly. I completely agree. But how can we all know when it's okay to watch a movie or text a friend or listen to music or play a game?" 
Alex sat and thought. She wasn't sure how to answer.
“When might it be okay to play a video game, for example?" Meredith quizzed. 
"When my homework is done and I've asked for permission?" 
"That's a very good start." 
The three continued to establish various ground rules for what's allowable to do and what wasn't and Alex enjoyed having a say in what's okay to do and what wasn't as well as having a say in what some possible consequences might be for doing things that were not allowed. Alex even suggested that no insults be allowed and that a better choice would be for everyone to look for the good in one another, notice things about people that you honestly like and then pay them a compliment to brighten their day. And if anyone did insult someone else, they should sincerely apologize to the person they insulted so they will actually believe your sincerity when you try and give them a compliment later. 
Everyone agreed that was a great idea that would certainly strengthen their family. This was a no-brainer to agree to since insults only wound as people most often try to hide their pain when they are insulted or mocked by someone else. They also agreed to say thank you to one another whenever any of them showed a kindness or respect to them. 
As Meredith and Samuel taught and guided Alex as to what might be the best rules and consequences for choosing to do what wasn't allowed, as well as an appropriate reward system for everyone who chose to stick to doing those things that were allowed to strengthen their family and promote family unity, Alex felt a feeling she wasn't used to feeling: family love. Alex quietly smiled as she let this new found family feeling find a welcome place in her heart. 
Meredith looked carefully at Alex and asked, "Remember when we discussed limits on music, such as how loud you can play it and how we'd like for you to be respectful and pause it anytime we talk with you?" Alex nodded. 
"Well, we also have some conversational allowances that we believe can help keep things respectful, such as using a respectful tone of voice as well as not using any foul language or otherwise offensive words or phrases," Meredith stated.
Samuel  then said in an extra polite tone, "So, for example, if you see something on the kitchen table at mealtime that looks unfamiliar to you, don't say (he then suddenly exclaimed) 'What the hell is that?'" 
Meredith looked on in shock and Alex tried hard not to laugh. 
Samuel returned to using more polite tones as he continued. "Or if you go into one of the bathrooms to use it, and you notice someone didn't flush the toilet, never point at the toilet and yell, (Samuel then pretended to yell in a mock tone of anger) 'Who left this crap in here?'" 
Meredith wasn’t thrilled with Samuel’s choice of humor. "Samuel, I think Alex gets the point," Meredith said in a polite voice of warning.  Alex could no longer keep from laughing out loud. 
Samuel continued. "Or if we're all downtown watching a parade and you see a large float that looks like a big giraffe that's wearing a pink tutu while holding a large axe, don't say..." 
"Samuel!" Meredith interrupted him loudly in a chiding tone of disapproval. Alex was practically in tears laughing at the thought of a large inflatable giraffe wearing a pink tutu and holding an axe as ever seriously being included in a large public parade in the city. 
"Now look at what you've done. You've got Alex laughing over what really should be a serious subject," Meredith chided him. 
"Come on, Mer," Samuel said in a reassuring tone. Calling her 'Mer' was an affectionate way he usually addressed her when he would try and smooth things over if they ever shared a disagreement. 
"Alex is a good kid. Neither one of us has ever heard her use foul language in the thirteen years we've known her and I really don't think she'll be starting anytime soon," he continued to assure her. 
"That's for sure," Alex tried to say more seriously as she was still trying to stop chuckling. 
"Why do you say that, Alex?" Meredith asked curiously. 
Alex gathered herself together and stopped laughing so she could respond. "Personally, I always think the same thing anytime I hear someone use really bad language like the four-letter f-word or the s-word or when they take the Lord’s name in vain. You can’t cuss and then think that it somehow strengthens you spiritually to be a better person. That just doesn’t make sense. Cussing is like spiritual noise pollution to those who hear it. When people cuss in an effort to be taken seriously or to try and be popular and liked by others, no matter how much they try to act like they're smart or someone to be feared or liked, their language exposes the truth that they aren't intelligent enough to use a better choice of words to express themselves. 
"Their desire to be feared or liked by others who use foul language almost always results in social failure on the outside, with their overall image, and emotional failure inside because the one thing nearly every single human being has in common with another is a deep admiration of those who are strong enough and unashamed to hold themselves to higher moral standards of living and that is most clearly manifested in what we say and especially in what we do––or as in this case, what we refrain from doing, such as using foul language.” 
Alex continued. “Having higher moral standards for living is a sure path for success in every area of life. People admire it because they believe living such high standards is one of the hardest things to do since people so often choose the path of least resistance in fear of being mocked for doing what's right. But as anyone who has honestly tried to humbly live a life of higher moral standards knows, that's a lot easier to do than the lower choice in life of hurting yourself and others, which is so often the result of not striving to live a more moral life," Alex said without the least sign of fear because that was exactly how she lived her own life.
Both Samuel and Meredith looked frozen in astonishment at Alex. It was becoming clearer to them both that their niece, Alexis Spring Opalstone, was no ordinary thirteen-year-old girl. She made being good a cool thing to be. No wonder so many kids at her old school liked her so much.
"We're good!" Samuel said as he and Meredith snapped out of their shock and looked agreeably yet seriously at one another. 
"You're good too, actually, Alex," Meredith added pleasantly as if she were waking from a fog. She was very impressed with Alex just as Samuel also was. 
"Well, I think that just about sums it up," Samuel smiled, still feeling clearly impressed with Alex's wise emotional and social maturity. 
"Okay! Well, off to sleep now, Alex," Meredith smiled as she stood and gestured her arms awkwardly in the direction of Alex’s bedroom. Neither Meredith nor Samuel realized just exactly what they were getting themselves into by letting Alex stay in their home. But they weren’t afraid. Taking care of their niece might just be the easiest thing they ever volunteered to do as she was obviously not a troublemaker. 
"Goodnight Aunt Meredith. Goodnight Uncle Samuel," Alex cheerfully waved before she hobbled away on her crutches. 
"By the way, Alex," Samuel stood up and added. Alex turned around to listen. "Even though most older adults associate the name 'Uncle Sam' with taxes and the U.S. government, you can feel free to call me 'Uncle Sam' so long as you do so while waving brightly burning patriotic sparklers at the same time," he jested while he waved his arms, marched and pretended to hold his own sparklers. 
"No lighting sparklers in the house, Alex!" Meredith quickly added anxiously while trying to hide her fear that Alex might actually follow a bad idea. Alex looked on with some confusion at Samuel before heading off to bed. Meredith folded her arms across her chest and gave Samuel a disapproving look. Samuel had stopped marching in place.  
He smiled and looked at Meredith. "Sparkler?" he asked as he pretended to hand Meredith an imaginary sparkler. She remained unmoved and stared at him with continued disapproval. 
Lowering his chin and looking awkwardly at the ground, he chided himself. "That's a 'no.' ”




Chapter 6: Silly Julio and Lovely Leena


Alex was relieved to have the option of wearing pants as a part of her new school uniform. She bought a skirt to wear on occasion but she knew she would wear pants most of the time. After having the usual theme for breakfast of a healthy meal, Meredith helped Alex pack a healthy lunch including an extra pancake (high fiber, whole grain) from breakfast as a side treat for later. Meredith drove Alex to school and made sure she had no problems getting to her first class. 
The plan for the afternoon was for Alex to be picked up after school by Meredith since she got off work in time to not leave Alex waiting long. Meredith was glad she had made the change earlier in the year to work less hours. Now that she worked only part-time at the local university she would be done working early enough to get Alex after school. Meredith felt it was serendipitous that she had decided several months ago to cut back on her hours at the university only to find how unexpectedly perfect it worked out for both her and Alex's schedules. Since Meredith had worked at the university for several years as a professor, this was the first year she chose not to teach any classes that began before 9 a.m. She was thrilled. 
Shortly after Alex was seated in her first class of the day, English, an announcement came over the middle school PA system. It was the voice of another student reading enthusiastically the information about the school fund-raising contest that all of the middle school students were invited to participate in. Alex imagined the same information would soon be hung up in large posters in various halls as well as on North Ivy's school website so that anyone who might miss this morning’s announcement could still get the same information later. 
The student began. "This year’s first annual Charity of Choice Championship is a contest where middle school student contestants choose a charitable cause to support, create a way to raise money for the cause and do so as a team. Each student may choose to form or otherwise join a team of students to work with in the competition. Each team must consist of at least two students but may not exceed a maximum of five students. Results will be scored on three factors: First, the quality of the cause as it relates to the number of human lives that can be improved for the better, second, how it can teach you and your teammates about success and third, how much each team is able to raise for their charity as a total amount by the competition's due date. The funds raised will be distributed in the following manner: 90 percent will go to the charity of your team’s choice and the remaining 10 percent will go to support the North Ivy scholarship fund to allow disadvantaged students to attend here at North Ivy. The team with the highest overall score, winning 1st place, will win the grand prize of an all expenses paid, four-day trip to three Florida amusement parks for everyone on their team and their parents." 
Alex became wide-eyed with excitement. Another girl in another class also got very excited. A boy in a different class got so excited, he accidentally swallowed his gum. In sudden disappointment, he mumbled, "That was my last piece." 
The announcement continued. "The deadline for a team to enter is October 1st and all money must be raised by no later than May 15th at 9 a.m. with the announcement of the Grand Prize winning team and all other winners occurring at 1 p.m. May 15th. The team that wins Second Place will get an all day free pass to the local Splash and Sing water park plus dinner at Stinky's Sticky Pizza parlor. The team that wins Third Place will get free movie passes to the local movie theater (limit one ticket per team member) plus a free lunch at Bart’s Beef Barfarama. For more details for this year’s first annual Charity of Choice Championship, or to fill out your team’s entry form online, simply visit our school’s website. Remember, there's no time to waste! Pick your team and pick your charity and submit your team’s entry by October 1st! Thank you.”
The  teacher in Alex's English class began the lesson. As the teacher spoke, Alex was quick to notice something she wished she hadn't. Apparently, Alex would be in for quite an unwelcome treat by a nearby classmate for as often as Alex was able to pay attention to her teacher, she just as often gave in, with some annoyance, to a nearby distraction known as Julio Manuel Francisco Lopez. He was a fairly cute Latino. Julio was a fellow classmate that sat exactly one row over and one seat in front of Alex. He had a somewhat noticeable Spanish accent when he spoke, but his English was very good. As far as Alex could tell, Julio didn't even know she existed––which was fine with her. She wished she could say the same thing about his existence. 
Despite how cute and fairly attractive he was, she wasn't sure what annoyed her the most about him. It was a toss up between exactly how he raised his hand when he would, and what he actually asked or said once he was called upon. The first time he raised his hand that day, the teacher had not asked a question nor had she invited any response from the class about the lesson, yet out of nowhere, Julio launched his hand sky high in the air in an urgent manner as he remained seated, as if he needed to request a bathroom break. But somewhere in the midst of his effort to be noticed, he seemed to become lost in a new quest to see just how high in the air he could stretch his hand without actually leaving his seat. 
The teacher finally called Julio out of la-la-land and he quickly dropped his hand and sat up straight. 
He asked, "Do you remember inviting us on our first day if any of us had another name we might like to be called by?" 
She replied pleasantly, "Of course, Julio. By what name would you like to be called?" 
In a most dignified manner, he replied, "I respectfully request, that you please address me as, 'Julio: King of All Ham and Marshmallow Sandwiches.'" His comment made most of the class burst into laughter which pleased him although he tried to hide his smile of satisfaction. 
With the teacher rightfully concluding that Julio was not really serious about his new title, she reminded him that as much as it was simply an invitation to inform her by request, it was at her sole discretion to choose whether or not to actually call a student by a name other than the one she had on her records for the students in her class. And with that, she simply moved on to the next part of her lesson. But several minutes later, she gave Julio another open door invitation to again annoy Alex and potentially humor the rest of the class when she asked, "Does anyone have any questions?" 
As another student was quicker than Julio in raising his hand, and as the teacher took the time needed to completely answer the other student's question, Julio apparently felt a need to use that same time to get some exercise in as he would raise his hand quickly, holding it in the air and quietly mouthing a count to himself, "One, two, three, four," and then his hand would lower slowly as he mouthed another count of, "One, two, three, four." Then he'd quickly shoot his hand back up in the air repeating the count to four as he held his hand up high, and again slowly lowering it to the same count of four. And again, in his fascination with how high his hand was in the air and how steadily he would count to four, Julio was lost in la-la-land over a simple variation of his vast array of hand raising techniques. 
Once again, the teacher called him out of la-la-land. "Julio, what is your question?" she asked patiently. 
He quickly dropped his hand and sat up more straight to give his full attention to the teacher as he asked, "Would you like to know how you can get free French fries today?" Once again, the class could not contain their laughter. 
Remaining unruffled, the teacher gave a calm, cool reply. "Julio, I am only interested in questions that pertain to this class and today's lesson," she said in a kind but firm tone. 
In a polite way he plead for her to listen as he quickly added, "But it's a legitimate offer..." 
"Julio!" she interrupted firmly. "That's enough.”
“Fine,”  he said with a voice more depressed and trailing as he slowly hung his head down in some embarrassment that he tried to hide with a blushed smirk. 
After a few moments of overall class silence, the teacher made it clear by her overall demeanor that despite Julio's silliness, she would choose not to label him in her mind as anything less than another student who still had great potential for academic and life success, as she said to Julio, "Don't get me wrong. I definitely have a sense of humor because I believe that's a vital way for most of us to simply make it through life. However, I also feel it must be appropriate humor that is given at the right time and place. Apparently it may be beneficial, to all here today, to know of my limits. Julio, I think you've already reached your quota with me regarding your clear desire for humorous outlets for distracting expression in my class––at least for this week." 
She then moved to address the entire class. "Now, does anyone else have a question that actually pertains to this class or to today’s lesson?" 
Alex wanted to raise her hand and ask regarding Julio, "Did somebody drop him on his head this morning? Because that boy is weird!" But she kept her silence as another student asked a real question. 
At lunchtime, Alex brought her lunch to one of the tables and began unpacking her food. She looked around to see if she could find anyone who might be in need of food or money for lunch. Everything around her was so modern and rich and clean in design and atmosphere that she wondered how anyone could be broke at that school. Then she remembered from the morning announcement that some students who otherwise couldn't afford to attend North Ivy could be scholarshipped in. She wondered if that scholarship might include a free meal plan to pay for lunches. 
As she looked around, everyone was basically dressed the same since all were required to wear a school uniform. This made it more difficult to spot who might be in need among the classmates of more wealthy parents. She planned on finding out later if scholarships included meal plans. But for now, she was set on enjoying a healthy homemade lunch from Aunt Meredith's kitchen. 
As she removed her food from her lunch bag, the first item she set out on the table was a couscous salad that included dried currants, chopped bell peppers, rinsed and drained canned chick peas, some medium scallions and fresh cilantro. She also set out to the side a small container of spicy yogurt dressing. She dug around more in her lunch bag and pulled out a lemon wedge wrapped neatly in plastic. The lemon would be used to squeeze over her salad. She then set out another container of fresh sliced cantaloupe with blueberries and the extra pancake from breakfast. Her reusable beverage container held 18 oz of pure filtered water from home. Before she ate, she said a brief, quiet prayer of gratitude to God for her food. 
After her prayer, she placed a napkin on her lap and picked up a fork for her salad. Just before she could take her first bite of lunch, that annoying but cute Julio, from her earlier English class, came right up to her, pointed at her couscous salad, and with a clear facial expression of disgust, asked Alex, "What the hell is that?" 
Alex rolled her eyes, ignored him and started eating. She wondered why in the world in the plentiful open sea of available cafeteria tables did he have to choose hers to eat at as he seated himself pleasantly, directly across from her. She decided after finishing her first bite that she would simply answer his question in hopes he would then leave. She said to him without making any effort to hide her annoyance, "It's couscous salad. And what was your name?" 
"Julio Lopez: King of All Ham and Marshmallow Sandwiches," he said with dignity, just as he had earlier in their class. 
Alex could see that he had no intentions of leaving anytime soon, so she proceeded to see if she could make the best of it in her own way. She set down her fork and stopped eating for a few moments to address him directly. 
"Okay, Julio. Let's get a few things straight here. All right?”
“Okay,”  he smiled cheerfully. 
Alex then began to ask him several questions in a serious and almost monotone, rapid-fire succession that he answered just as quickly as he matched her somber nearly monotone style. 
"How old are you?" she drilled. 
"Thirteen." 
"When's your birthday?" 
"November 26th." 
"Does it annoy you that your friends are usually out of town with their family for the holidays every year on your 
birthday?" 
"Yes." 
"How many brothers and sisters do you have?" 
"One." 
"Older or younger?" 
"Younger." 
"Brother or Sister?" 
"Brother." 
"Can you tell that I prefer not to be annoyed by people whose names rhyme with 'Julio?'" 
"Yes." 
"With that in mind, what are your intents regarding me in the future?" she asked.
"To choose only the kinds of behaviors, questions and comments in your presence that you find are the least annoying to you." 
"How often do you think you'll succeed with those intents?" 
"Rarely." 
"What is your favorite food?" 
"Ham and marshmallow sandwiches." 
"That was a dumb question," she grumpily regretted. 
"I know," he simply replied. 
"Okay. You're good," she said now bored and ending her line of questions. He answered every question truthfully. 
Julio smiled cheerfully and Alex went back to eating her lunch. 
While she  ate, Julio opened his lunch and an attractive strawberry blonde girl, a Caucasian of similar age to Alex and Julio, came up from behind Alex and placed a pint sized container of milk in front of Julio and said, "There. We're even." 
The two then conducted a series of friendly hand greetings that seemed to Alex as if it took an eternity to finish even though it concluded in a matter of only four or five seconds. "Would you two mind not doing that over my food? In case you hadn't noticed, I'm actually eating here," Alex said in some disgust more to the girl than to Julio. 
Julio decided to start some introductions. "This is Leena Lilly," he said pointing to the girl Alex just mildly chastised. He then began to introduce Alex to Leena. "Leena, this is..." but he hadn't learned Alex's name yet so he waited and looked to Alex to tell him her name and introduce herself. 
"Alex. Alex Opalstone," she replied reluctantly. She then returned to eating.
Julio then pleasantly explained to Leena, "Alex, contrary to unpleasant and even grumpy first impressions, is actually a very kind person in her heart." 
Alex then studied Julio carefully and asked in a mix of curiosity and skepticism, "How do you know what kind of person I am at heart?" 
Julio smiled softly. "Unlike some people who think they know someone after asking a series of several inadequate questions, I can tell a lot about a person just by looking at someone––before they even say a word," he said matter-of-factly with an air of pure confidence and not an ounce of arrogant pride. Alex would see over time how he was right. 
"May I join you two?" Leena politely asked. 
A now more humbled and warmer Alex replied, "Sure. Sit wherever you'd like." Leena sat next to Julio. 
"What's up with the crutches?" Julio asked Alex curiously. 
"I sprained my ankle after running when I tripped on something at home," Alex said nonchalantly. 
"So how long will you need them for?" 
"About a week or so." 
"Oh. That's not too long," Julio said contentedly. "I'm sorry you need crutches. But at least you have them when you need them," he said sympathetically. 
"So how do you two know each other?" Alex asked curiously just before taking another bite of food. 
Leena was happy to answer. "Julio and I met last year in math class and we've been friends ever since." 
“My family moved here from California. My dad is in the business of protecting others. Like personal security. Bodyguards. Anyway, he got tired of the Hollywood celebrity protection scene in California and so now we live here and he works with only a few clients – all famous people. One’s an ex-politician. Another is a rock star. I just can’t tell you who. Because, you know. It’s private,” Julio said. He then drank some milk. 
"So who helped who with math?" Alex asked. She decided to change the subject to respect his apparent agreement with his father to not reveal his famous clients. 
"Sometimes I helped him and sometimes he helped me," Leena replied casually. 
"Speaking of math, Julio, do you want to see how fast we can add up some Franklins for a good cause?" Leena asked wryly as she challenged Julio. 
"Franklins?" Julio asked bewildered. 
"Hundreds––as in hundred dollar bills? You know. The Charity of Choice Championship?" she smiled. 
"Oh yeah! Florida! Amusement parks!" Julio said excitedly as Leena took a bite of her lunch. 
"I've never been to Florida before. But my Grandma and Grandpa just moved there. Maybe I could go to the Florida amusement parks and visit them on the same trip," Leena added excitedly. 
"But we have to win first, and that takes coming up with a winning plan..." Julio said as if he had all of the answers, until he added, "of which I have no idea of." 
Alex was quietly listening to their conversation as she ate her lunch and was patiently waiting to propose an idea she was fairly sure would work. 
Both Leena and Julio continued to discuss the competition in between bites of their lunch. 
"Maybe we could raise money selling car washes that use organic liquid dish soap," Leena suggested. "It's a green way to provide a useful service. You know, it's eco-friendly." She then thought further and added, “But most of that eco stuff is really just crying wolf these days so… never mind.”
“ Even if we did a car wash, how does that provide both an important service that helps a huge number of people as well as teach us about success?" Julio asked thoughtfully since they needed to have those two aspects included in their strategy to meet the championship requirements. Leena looked a bit puzzled. 
"Don't forget the third qualification needed to get the highest score. It has to raise a lot of money. Ideally, the most out of all other contestants," Alex reminded them before she took a sip of water from her bottle. 
Julio sat up straight with optimism as he thought of an idea to share. "I propose we come up with a low calorie, lowfat, heart-friendly recipe for German chocolate cake, and sample as much of it as we can as we share that recipe with the world––and all for only $49.95!" 
"Surely you can't be serious," Leena asked in disbelief. 
"Of course I'm serious! And don’t call me Shirley," Julio replied. 
Leena rolled her eyes. "You're so absurd," she mumbled. 
"May I make a suggestion?" Alex humbly chimed in. Leena and Julio shrugged their shoulders and nodded in agreement. 
"One word: 401(k)," Alex said matter-of-factly. She then took another drink of water. Leena and Julio looked at each other in confusion. They then gave Alex the same puzzled look. 
"I don't get it," Julio admitted. 
"401(k). It's a law under our U.S. government tax code that basically outlines how employers can provide a defined contribution plan for their employees who want to save and invest their money towards their future retirement. Who are the employees? They are usually adults," Alex summarized. 
Both Julio and Leena still looked confused. 
Alex sighed. "Do you guys know what retirement is? Haven't either of you ever heard one of your parents say that 'we're trying to save for our retirement?'" Alex asked as she tried hard not to use a condescending tone. 
"Isn't that when you're old and you don't work anymore?" Julio guessed. 
"Exactly. But how will you pay for your food or your house or your clothes or medical bills or your favorite Saturday night out at the movies when you're not working at a job anymore? That money has to come from somewhere. And that money usually comes from a large savings account that financial experts call a 'retirement account' that you put money into every month for years and years and years until you have enough to be able to stop working and start living off of the money saved in the account. And since anytime you have money in an account, taxes usually affect it, so the 401(k) laws tell people how their retirement money is affected by taxes under that '401(k) plan,'" Alex said. 
Leena carefully studied Alex's face warily as if Alex were slowly turning into an alien from outer space. "Do you have like, ' normal ' hobbies? Like cooking or drawing or swimming?" Leena asked cautiously. 
"Of course I do!" Alex replied defensively. "And there's nothing wrong with having an interest in financial planning." 
Both Julio and Leena looked at each other and thought Alex was crazy. 
"Do you guys want to go to Florida or not?" Alex challenged. They both felt ashamed for mocking her. 
"Look," Alex said with a more forgiving tone of real confidence. "I'm telling you that I've recently learned that a lot of adults are losing money in their 401(k)s. If we can get the right information together about how people can make the most out of their retirement money, then they won't have to retire like most adults do in poverty. Now, granted, we’re not going to be able to save everyone, but we can at least help those who are serious about helping themselves." 
Alex continued as Leena and Julio acted like they understood.
“Studies have shown that over ninety percent of adults in the U.S. have been retiring in poverty for well over twenty years now, meaning they can't even afford to adequately feed themselves so they have to keep working even when they're sick and tired from old age. Which means that they have to do that until they die and then they'll mostly die broke." 
Alex then looked directly at Julio and asked, "How do you know that your dad isn't struggling with this exact problem but he isn't saying anything to anyone because he's too embarrassed and worried about how that will affect you, your mom, and your little brother?" 
She then said to Leena, "Your parents may be struggling financially to raise you for any number of reasons. If your mom was a single parent, even if she were receiving alimony and child support payments from your dad after a divorce, it's usually not enough. The chances of her either suddenly winning the lottery or the chances of her employer doubling her salary this year just to help her out are slim to none. Most people know it's extremely rare to ever win a big lottery. Taking a gamble that money will suddenly just show up in some big amount from an employer or someone else is extremely unrealistic. And if she's not having some kind of serious increase in her income pretty soon, chances are, she's going to be retiring in poverty too." 
Although Leena's mom was not technically currently a single parent, Leena had heard her mom threaten to divorce her dad more than once in recent months and Leena's mom was a full-time choosing home mom with no other income beyond that of her husband’s. 
Leena asked in some discouragement, "Is there a happy ending to all of this?" 
"That's what I'm trying to get to!" Alex replied optimistically. Leena exhaled a deep sigh of relief.  "We can really help people like your mom with whatever her financial situation is for retirement.” Alex then turned to Julio. "Maybe we could help your dad––or even my parents," Alex added enthusiastically.  Julio and Leena seemed to listen with more care and concern for older adults as Alex continued. 
"Look. I know where to get the right information to help people plan better for retirement. Our ultimate goal will be to help them learn what it takes to have enough money for themselves at retirement so they can have extra money available to give charitably to others. They can have the opportunity to give back in a way that makes the world a better place and then they can teach others to do the same. We're not going to tell them what charity to donate to once they're retired. We'll just suggest that they do so. This way a lot of different people will be saving money with the goal of financial self-reliance during retirement while they also aim to improve the lives of others locally or across the globe through charitable donations. Now, if we put together a PowerPoint presentation with this information and go around to companies, we'll tell them we're raising money and we'll charge them three hundred and fifty dollars per presentation. Each presentation will only last about forty-five to fifty minutes." 
"Three hundred and fifty dollars?!" Julio exclaimed in shock. "Who would pay that kind of money for anything other than a rock concert?" he asked dumbfounded. 
Alex looked in disbelief at Julio. "Are you kidding me? Some companies spend at least three hundred and fifty dollars just for lunch for a bunch of their employees. And what's their rate of return on that? Acid indigestion at best." 
Julio again looked confused as he asked, "'Rate of return?' What's that?" 
"Rate of return. Return on investment," Alex said somewhat impatiently. 
But Julio still wasn't getting it. Neither was Leena. 
"You know. What financial or other benefits are they getting for spending that three hundred and fifty dollars?" 
They started to look as if they might understand.
“So we offer a solution to thousands of employees at various companies and raise the most money of anyone in the competition while also learning about success!" Alex said logically and enthusiastically. 
"And how do we know that they don't already know this stuff for their retirement?" Leena asked in polite skepticism. 
"If they already know about it, then why do over 90 percent of them continue to retire in poverty? Again, over ninety percent of Americans means that includes your average employee working at a large or small business." Alex replied in a tone of common sense. 
Both Julio and Leena nodded in agreement as Leena said, "Good point. That makes sense." 
Julio looked at Alex thoughtfully and asked, “How do you know it’s not more than ninety percent?” 
“That’s a good question. One study shows it’s about 90 percent and another shows it’s over 94 percent. I’m still looking into it,” Alex replied. Julio was still thinking about her reply but he quickly snapped out of it as Alex began putting together their team and began to delegate individual team member responsibilities. She wanted to find out who was best able to do what towards their newly formed three-member team's success. Alex began by quizzing Leena. 
"What are you good at? What can you do on our team that can help us win?" 
"I can draw, paint, and sculpt. But I'm not sure how that will help us," Leena replied. 
"Do you ever use any graphics software on your computer to make art? You know, can you make graphic arts?" Alex asked curiously. 
"Sure! I created a picture of the Empire State building in New York City and I created sunlight to reflect off of the windows. It had people and cars on the streets with neighboring buildings and a clear blue sky. I finished that just yesterday," she replied eagerly. 
"Perfect! Then you'll create the pictures we'll use in our slide show presentation," Alex said like she was born to lead. 
"What are you good at?" Alex asked Julio. 
"I always get A's on my English papers. My teachers say it's because I quote good sources well. So I guess that means I'm good at research," he shrugged. 
"Excellent! You'll be our research and quotes man. I've got some good leads to get you started," Alex said. Julio gave a proud smile.  "I'll be in charge of putting it all together, selling and making the appointments and giving the presentations. Are we all agreed?" Alex said. They all nodded in agreement. "Saving families. Saving the world. One smart charitable retirement presentation at a time. Florida vacation, here we come!" Alex said smartly. They all clinked their lunch drinks together in optimistic unity. 
Alex hoped that she could also turn this into an opportunity for her to learn how to earn enough money to buy her own home. If she could do that then Glade would come back and Alex would finally have her own say as to where she lived and with whom. But this new team of  teens Alex had just formed didn’t understand what they were all about to get into in the name of helping the older generation of adults. They had all three unknowingly entered a battle over retirement and financial literacy that would seem nearly impossible to win. 
One greedy person would be determined to stop them. 



Chapter 7: The Success Crew is Born


The very next class after lunch for Alex was the same class Leena had: Science. Since they would be in the same class with the same teacher, Leena and Alex walked side by side as Leena showed Alex how to get there. After Science class, they made plans to get together after school at Leena's to begin their work on the Charity of Choice Championship––a. k. a.: 'The Triple-C.' They exchanged phone numbers and planned on meeting at Leena's at 4:00 p.m. 
Meredith was already waiting to pick Alex up after school. She asked Alex how her first day at the academy went and Alex was excited to tell her all about the Triple-C and her new friend Leena Lilly. Although Alex was excited to work on the Triple-C, she wasn't quite excited about Julio yet. She was still working on not finding him to be so annoying. 
Alex asked if it was okay to go over to Leena's to work on the Triple-C and Meredith said it was fine with her if it was okay with Leena's mom too. So they headed home to eat and call Leena's mom. After a quick phone call by Meredith to Leena's mom, Amelia, to confirm it was okay for Alex to come over, Meredith pulled out some snacks that she and Alex could eat before heading over to the Lilly home. 
"You always want to do what you can to eat before visiting over at a friend's home so you don't make your friends feel obligated to feed you," Meredith said to Alex as a quick lesson in manners. 
"Why?" Alex wondered. 
"Because what if they're really struggling financially and they don't want you to know? So if you visit them without needing to eat, then they don't have to feel guilty about not being able to feed you and themselves. Or maybe they don’t really have time to cook or prepare something. If you can take care of your own hunger first, you should. That way your friend doesn't have to feel any unnecessary guilt," Meredith replied. 
"Oh," Alex said thoughtfully as they set out snacks. 
"You also don't want to overstay your welcome. So when you're invited to someone's home, never plan on visiting a friend for longer than about forty-five minutes max unless you're invited to dinner. Then if you're there for an hour or two at the most, that's generally okay. Do your best not to just drop in on a friend unannounced since they are most likely to be busy with whatever they have scheduled for their own productive day. But if you do drop in, try not to visit for longer than maybe ten minutes or so unless they invite you to stay longer. And don't visit them everyday. This way you show others you are respectful of their time." Alex listened intently while she spoke. Meredith continued. 
"Also it's bad manners to visit at someone's home and add some unplanned activity––especially an activity that can cost extra money since it puts the person on the spot and they may not be able to afford the time or the money to do something different than was originally planned. It's inconsiderate to put someone in a situation where they feel guilty for something that isn't their fault. So remember, the fault is yours for not either planning ahead or sticking to the original plan if you show up and make changes to plans without seeing what everyone involved might like or be able to do. If you take care of your own needs beforehand when you can, you'll be less likely to put people on the spot to cater to your schedule or needs." 
Alex simply nodded that she understood.
Meredith chuckled, "You probably think I'm about to break out another classroom and put you in it, huh? Here I am, trying to teach you stuff you may already know." 
"It's okay," Alex said politely. 
"I just don't know what your mom or dad have already taught you about social graces or manners or how to have good friendships that are healthy and respectful. So just let me know if any of this is a repeat of what you've already learned. But be respectful about it when you let me know so you don't hurt my feelings," she smiled. "So like, you could say, 'I learned something similar to that from my mom, so maybe it's true or maybe it's good advice,' you know?" 
"Sure," Alex replied happily as she grabbed a snack. 
"Let's pray first and thank God for the food before we eat," Meredith gently reminded Alex. 
"Oh yeah. I forgot," Alex said a bit embarrassed as she put back down her snack for the moment. After a brief but sincere prayer of gratitude by Meredith, the two ate and talked some more about school and then they headed over to Leena's.
As  Alex and Meredith pulled up to park in front of the Lilly home, two main things captured Alex's attention: first, Leena's home was only two streets away, (although the first street was nearly a half a mile down the road) and second, the Lilly home had gorgeous landscaping. Alex thought Leena's family had a particularly attractive home. It was a large brick, two-story home that was built sometime in the 1950's. The front yard was spacious enough to play a game of touch football in and the flowers at the front of the home and around the yards edge would make for practically perfect sidelines. She imagined how big and beautiful the backyard might be. She planned on asking Leena to show her. 
“It’s important that you finish with Leena on time because tonight is the night that we’re going to meet Samuel’s latest client, Linda Wise. We want to be respectful of her time, especially since her project is one of his biggest yet––if not the biggest he’s ever had,” Meredith said to kindly encourage Alex to be on time. 
“You mean ‘big’ as in a million dollars?” Alex wondered. 
“Her project costs a lot more than that,” Meredith smiled. 
“Wow,” Alex said wide-eyed. 
While Alex and Meredith walked up to the front entrance, they saw two lovely French doors with beveled glass and once they found the doorbell to the right, Meredith pressed the button and a lovely chime was heard from within the house. After a few moments, they could hear the clicking of shoes approaching as they saw what appeared to be a woman who was answering the door. A lovely Caucasian woman opened the door and greeted Meredith and Alex. Meredith was quick and polite as she introduced herself. 
"Hi. I'm Meredith Andrews and this is my niece, Alex. We spoke earlier on the phone about Alex coming over to study with Leena?" 
"Yes. Of course. And I'm Leena’s mother, Amelia,” she said as she offered her hand to Meredith and shook hands. “Please come in," Amelia smiled as she moved out of the way to let them enter what was a gorgeous, multimillion-dollar home.
Amelia  was absolutely stunning in appearance. Although very modestly dressed, her outfit was a long, somewhat tight, solid-colored skirt with a matching top and dress jacket. Her modesty was in perfect taste as she felt no need to reveal any skin that could cause others to think she intended to dress flirtatiously or encouraged the lustful thoughts of others. That simply wasn't her style. She had mastered the art of modest elegance and it showed. Alex would learn quickly where Leena got her own taste for modest yet attractive attire from and Alex loved it! 
Amelia's strawberry blonde hair was high in a tight bun and her pearl earrings and necklace matched well. She probably made most people think she herself invented the perfect magazine cover look for tasteful fashion, since so many women are tired of the constant pressures to wear the same old look that’s created only to satisfy a debasing vision for straight males through the entirely unoriginal so-called sex appeal of the skin revealing, cleavage exploiting fashions of modern times. Both Meredith and Alex felt it was refreshing to see a woman be so bold and unashamed for breaking from the typical over-revealing, hypersexual fashion trends that so many women's magazines so tirelessly preached to the boredom of so many readers, both young and old, who struggled to find other, more tasteful fashion magazine options. 
Amelia’s hazel eyes and warm smile were enchanting. Meredith felt fairly simple in her dress attire since it wasn't as dressy as Amelia's was. But Meredith was comfortable being more practical in her own style of clothing. In time it would be revealed that Amelia preferred skirts and Meredith preferred pants but these small differences wouldn’t stop them from recognizing and enjoying other more important things they had in common. If Amelia could dress so smoothly several days a week, then more power to her. Meredith didn't want to fret over such matters so her simple, classic style would have to do. But at least they seemed to have the same preference in common: classic modesty. 
Once Alex and Meredith were in the front foyer, Amelia gently closed the door behind them and Alex noticed Leena was already running down a set of stairs that led to the foyer. Leena was clearly excited to see Alex. 
"Hi, Alex!" Leena said happily as her voice echoed off of the same white marble floor that had recently echoed the sounds of Amelia's black dress shoes. 
"This is Alex Opalstone. I'm her blessed aunt since she gets to stay with my husband Samuel and I," Meredith said to Amelia as Meredith hugged her arm gently around Alex's shoulders. 
"It's nice to meet you," Amelia smiled cordially as she shook hands with Alex.
"It's nice to meet you too," Alex replied politely. 
"This is my daughter, Leena," Amelia said to Meredith. "Leena, this is Alex's aunt, Meredith Andrews. She was kind enough to drive Alex over so you two could work on...what did you say it was called?”
“It's  North Ivy's Charity of Choice Championship. But we call it the 'Triple-C' for short," Leena said eagerly. 
"Come on upstairs, Alex," Leena motioned to Alex. 
"See you later, Aunt Meredith," Alex said. 
"It was nice to meet you Mrs. Andrews," Leena said just before helping Alex hobble up the stairs with her crutches. 
“Wouldn’t you two prefer to work downstairs so Alex doesn’t have to use her crutches on the stairs? That’s rather dangerous,” Amelia said as she followed Leena and Alex to make sure Alex didn’t fall. She kept one hand on the banister and another up in the air ready to catch them.
“I’m okay,” Alex said confidently as she carefully navigated her way up the stairs. Once they arrived in the hallway upstairs Amelia headed back down to Meredith. 
“ Would you like anything to drink, Meredith? Coffee? Tea? Ice water?" Amelia offered most pleasantly as she led the way into another room. The home was pristine in its décor. The lighter colors with white accents gave the home such a clean look, it seemed like a nearly dust free museum. 
"No, thank you," Meredith politely replied as she followed Amelia into the next room. 
"So tell me, Meredith. Do you work?" Amelia curiously inquired. 
"I do. Yes. I teach at the university." 
"What subjects?" Amelia asked as they both sat down across from one another. They sat on finely upholstered couches with a slender oval glass table separating them. It had a short vase of beautiful fresh flowers in it. 
"Home Economics and Personal Finance." 
"Oh, how interesting. How long have you been doing that?" 
"Four years," Meredith replied amiably as she tried to guess Amelia's age in her mind. Amelia looked to be in her early thirties. That would make her just a few years older than Meredith. Maybe five years, max. Meredith was fine with that. 
"Well that's wonderful! Good for you." 
"So how about you? Do you work?" Meredith asked intrigued. 
"As a matter of fact I do. I work the equivalent of two full-time jobs, according to the estimates of most experts," Amelia smiled. 
"Oh, I get it. You're a full-time choosing-home mom, right?" Meredith guessed slyly. 
"Absolutely! I see that choice to spend the majority of my time personally raising my children as far more rewarding than choosing a career that takes me away from my home and family. My family is my first priority and I love being at home and available for them. I wouldn't have it any other way," Amelia said proudly. “I tried the corporate scene for a few years. It was tolerable. But now that I spend most of my time as a mother I would never go back to working away from home if I had the choice. And right now, I do have the choice. And I love it!” 
Meredith nodded in agreement. "Well, hopefully, that will be me too sometime soon––having children of my own and not having to work away from home," Meredith said optimistically. 
Amelia had a way of helping Meredith feel especially welcome as they sat and talked. Never at anytime did Amelia's upper class style come across as smug or pompous. Amelia seemed genuinely interested in getting to know Meredith although she seemed to come from a more middle class background. Meredith would discover how right she was about Amelia's first impression. Amelia was cool from head to toe in open acceptance of Meredith and the shallow subject of fashionable trends or financial status never seemed to be an issue for either. This was the start of a warm friendship. 
"I always feel that if you have a strong marriage founded upon real love and high moral values, and you couple that with a few common sense means of financial preparedness––such as a truly sufficient income by your husband, similar goals and parenting styles as well as some extra occasional help at home when you're husband isn't available––then you're ready for the tremendous challenges of parenthood once you're married. Otherwise, you're sure to bite off more than you can chew which will cause you to be quickly overwhelmed and more likely to fail and feel awful about it all. But if you've got those things in place first, parenthood will be more of a joy, just as God intended, despite the natural challenges of it all," Amelia shared wisely. 
Meredith looked puzzled. "What do you mean, 'extra occasional help at home'," Meredith asked curiously. Amelia was happy to reply. 
"All mothers who have two or more children should really have some form of hired help to occasionally help a mom stay on top of things at home. If someone else can come in for a few hours about once or twice a week  and  help me with laundry and dishes, then I can focus more on those things that are the most important such as teaching my children important morals and principles, such as when we're making snacks together or when I'm teaching them how to clean their rooms or bathrooms. 
"Extra help with laundry or dishes on occasion helps free up my time and energy to also help my children with their homework or other tasks. It helps me to not feel quite so torn in so many directions at once. I like the reduction of stress the added help brings. I feel less agitated when one of my children comes up to me simply wanting my time, or some praise or needing help to do something. I enjoy my children more and I enjoy being a mom more. The Bible had it right with the concept of a handmaiden to help out busy mothers." 
"That makes sense to me," Meredith smiled. 
"But not everyone can afford it.” Amelia lamented. “That's why it's important for a husband to provide enough money for things like that. Ideally, our husbands would be home often enough to help out with dishes and laundry, but that’s not always realistic since most men are  away at work. And some men just don’t think their wife needs much help until they themselves are left to care for the kids for a day. I highly recommend that experience for all husbands, by the way," she winked to Meredith. 
“A husband who actually has to be  a father for a full-day on his own, without his wife’s help, is usually an eye-opening experience for men that helps them have more compassion and understanding  about the seemingly constant demands a child makes upon a parent. And more compassionate  understanding or more empathy by a husband for his wife’s challenges in child-rearing, is often a very good thing since a good husband and father will usually seek to help out his wife more at home after that.” 
“I’ll have to remember that,” Meredith nodded slyly. Amelia simply smiled. "What does your husband do for a living?" Meredith asked curiously.
"Steve is in commercial banking. He’s the CEO. How about your husband?" 
"Samuel works in construction. Commercial construction." Meredith replied simply.
Meredith was crunching the numbers in her head as to how much Steve might be earning. An experienced commercial banking CEO made an average of about $1.2 million dollars a year and that was just his salary. When you combine the salary with the bonus, insurance, perks, tax reimbursements, stock and options awards the total compensation in just one year can be well over $20 million dollars. 
Samuel only averaged about $500,000 a year for his salary and the benefits and perks he had were limited so Amelia’s husband was earning far more than Samuel. No wonder Amelia talked about being able to afford extra help with an absentee husband. But Meredith wasn’t jealous. Who would want an absentee husband? But Meredith was impressed because those higher executive positions in banking were particularly demanding. So she imagined Steve traveled and was away a lot. Meredith was right. Amelia and Meredith continued getting to know one another as Alex and Leena worked on the Triple-C upstairs. 


“We can't be too loud or we'll wake up my baby sister, Leah. She’s taking a nap," Leena whispered to Alex as they passed Leah's room and entered Leena's bedroom. 
"How old is she?" Alex whispered back. 
"She's three and she's super cute," Leena smiled. “I like your black and white checkered backpack,” Leena smiled.
"Thanks. I like styles from the 1950’s.”
“Or the 1980’s,” Leena joked.
“ Yeah,” Alex shrugged. “Is Julio still coming over?" Alex asked. 
"Yeah. He should be here any minute." Leena said as they entered her bedroom. “So why did your Aunt bring you over instead of your mom? Where’s your mom?”
“I’d rather not talk about it,” Alex said quietly.
“Oh, I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to pry. We can talk about something else,” Leena said sympathetically. 
"I like your room," Alex said as she hoisted herself up to sit on the end of Leena's bed. She then leaned her crutches against a nearby wall. 
Leena's room looked like it was furnished with designs as old as the home itself. Although her room was mostly white and pink colors, two adjoining walls were painted in a pastel pink and the other adjoining wall had a 1950's pattern of white and pastel blue. Other decorative items had additional pastel colors of light greens and yellows. 
"Your room is like my middle name," Alex said. 
"What's your middle name?" Leena asked. 
"Spring. What's yours?" 
"Starlight," Leena replied with a flirtatious smile. 
"Wow," Alex said rather mesmerized. 
"Leena Starlight Lilly," Leena said proudly. "But I think your middle name is a bit misleading," she slyly added. 
"Why do you say that?" Alex asked puzzled. 
"Because I think you're the kind of friend people prefer to have all yearlong," Leena smiled cleverly. 
Alex smiled. "So I'm not seasonal, huh?" 
"I'm an expert in things like that," Leena chuckled softly. 
"Oh. I'll have to remember that," Alex replied. "I really like your middle name. I think the name 'Starlight' is cooler than 'Spring'." 
"I think my parents were on drugs when they named me," Leena quickly joked. 
"At least your mom might have been. After all, she had just given birth to you," Alex joked. They both laughed. 
Leena's laughter died down a little earlier than Alex's did. "I really shouldn't joke about being on drugs,” Leena added timidly. 
"Why?" Alex asked curiously. 
"I used to have another little sister, Lacy. When she was nine, she went over to visit a friend named Sela at her house. Sela had an older sister named Sandra and Sandra had some friends over. They were huffing," Leena said somberly.
“Huffing  What's that?" Alex asked. 
"It's when you inhale the aerosol from a spray can, like sniffing spray paint, or a can of air duster or Freon from an air conditioner. You get a short high that can kill you if you inhale too much. But nobody knows how much their body can really handle since everyone has different body and blood chemistry. So what may kill one person more slowly may kill someone else more quickly. Some people die their first time they try huffing. That's what happened to Lacy. She died on her first time trying it," Leena said. Alex listened intently in shock. 
"Sandra didn't know that Lacy and Sela were spying on them. So Lacy and Sela learned it from seeing Sandra and her friends trying it. Sela was going to try it after Lacy, but she never did after she realized she couldn't get Lacy to wake up. Lacy never woke up," Leena said as her eyes filled with tears. A few tears fell and she wiped them away with an embarrassed smile.
“Sorry, Alex. If I bummed you out, I didn't mean to. I just made that dumb joke about my mom being on drugs and...I guess I didn't think it would remind me of Lacy until I really thought about it," Leena said. 
"It's okay to cry. You're not bumming me out. I would've never known that about you if you hadn't told me," Alex reassured her. 
"Thanks," Leena smiled as she wiped away another tear. 
"When did it happen?" Alex asked compassionately. 
"That was two years ago." 
"I'm so sorry about Lacy," Alex said sincerely. Alex then pointed down to make a statement about Leena's room. "This room is officially a drug free zone," Alex said seriously. 
"Forever," Leena emphasized. 
"Forever," Alex agreed. "That includes my room at my house too." 
"We're going to have a drug free friendship," Leena smiled in relief. 
"One hundred percent drug free. Guaranteed," Alex said. Alex put her hand up to give Leena a high-five. But Leena wasn't a high-five type, so she gave Alex a warm hug instead. Alex hugged Leena back. 
After a few tender moments, a mock police megaphone voice was suddenly heard to say, "Attention: Leena Lilly, please remove your arms from around the hostage and step away from the hostage." Both Leena and Alex recognized the mock voice immediately. They stopped their brief hug. The mock voice continued. 
"This is Captain Julio Lopez of the police, SWAT team and Marines. I am here to rescue the hostage as this is clearly a hostage situation," Julio said as he held a toy cheerleader’s megaphone close to his mouth pretending it was real. He was using one of Leena's toys. 
"I was giving her a hug, Julio," Leena said in slight contempt. 
Julio pointed protectively towards Alex and replied firmly in jest using his normal voice without the megaphone, "Look. She's clearly a hostage who was held against her will!" Leena rolled her eyes. 
"Look how far her crutches are from her. She's defenseless!" Julio argued. 
"They're all of three inches away," Alex said to Julio as she gestured in disbelief at her crutches. "And I'm confident I could save myself if her hug turned into some kind of highly unlikely infliction of a headlock," Alex said in jest. 
"So are we all ready to work on the Triple-C now?" Leena asked. 
"Yep!" Alex replied. 
Julio decided to put the toy cheerleader megaphone on his head to wear as a hat as he asked, "What's our charity going to be that we donate to?" 
"I thought the books and animals charity would be a good one to donate to," Leena said as she walked over to Julio and coolly removed her cheerleader toy from off of the top of his head. She put it back on her desk where he got it. Leena's pet cat, "Ragdoll" came in her room and jumped up by Alex on the bed. Alex began to pet it. 
"What do they do?" Julio asked. 
"After you help a disadvantaged kid learn how to read for an hour, you get to pet some animals they bring. They brought a cute ferret once," Leena answered. She then joined Alex in petting her cat. 
"What about the American Red Cross? They save a lot of lives each year," Alex suggested. 
"Let's do both," Julio said as he gently brushed away some pom-pom threads out of his eyes since he was now wearing one of Leena's pom-poms on his head.
Alex  tried to ignore Julio's silly ways, but it was hard. Then she recalled how they officially met in the lunchroom and her thoughts returned to the possibility of hungry students at North Ivy during lunchtime. "Do either of you know if North Ivy scholarships include meals?" Alex asked curiously. 
"They do," both Julio and Leena replied in unison. 
"Why?" Leena asked. She then couldn't handle Julio's silly pom-pom look and she walked back over to him and pulled it off of his head as she smiled sarcastically. Julio didn't bother resisting. 
"I was just thinking of something different. Never mind," Alex sighed. "I suppose I'm up for donating to both charities. That's a good idea, Julio. What do you think, Leena?" 
"That's fine with me," Leena said as she pulled out one of Julio's hairs from her pom-pom. She gave a look of disgust as she did it. 
"Good. Then it's settled," Alex declared. Since there were no kids to feed at school, Alex decided to focus her attention on the Triple-C as her sole means for an outlet for her philanthropic tendencies until she could figure out another way to help any poor kids she might learn about. 
"I think we should have a name for our team," Julio said. He was now laying with his back on the floor, one hand behind his head and one leg crossed over the other in a gentlemanly fashion. 
"Did you have one in mind?" Alex asked. 
"Maybe we could be the Merry Money Mutants in Muumuu’s," Julio said as he pretended to hula while laying on the floor. 
"Okay. That's absurd," Leena scoffed. 
"'The Success Crew,'" Alex stated. 
"'The Success Crew?' Okay. I like it," Julio said agreeably as he appeared deep in thought. 
"It works for me," Leena agreed. 
"We are hereby officially 'The Success Crew.'" Alex proclaimed. 
Julio distracted himself as he began to scoot his back across the floor. He moved with sudden bursts of speed as he launched with his feet pressed tightly against the floor for leverage. Immediately after his third launch a loud crack was heard as he accidentally bumped his head hitting it fast and hard against a leg on a chair by Leena's desk . 
"Son of a grumpy muffin!" Julio mumbled as he grabbed his head and rolled over in embarrassed frustration and pain. 
Both Leena and Alex started to laugh hard. As Alex laughed, she couldn't decide which was funnier––how Julio hit his head while being distracted in la-la-land, or what he said in frustration. Leena tried to catch her breath to give Julio a break. "Julio is really good at not cussing. We're not allowed to use curse words in our home without getting in trouble. He's got some pretty funny ways to curse without being offensive," Leena snickered. 
Alex actually began to feel sorry for Julio's mishap, but she struggled to stop smiling. "Don't worry," Alex said, "I think cussing is one of the poorest and weakest forms of expression in any language. You won't hear me use foul language, ever." 
"Are you going to be okay, Julio?" Leena giggled while she crouched down near him to check on him. 
Julio had his face to the floor as he continued to hold his head. He gave a somewhat muffled reply, "Yes. I'll be fine." He occasionally winced his face in pain.
“ Well let's go over a few things that we need to have done soon and set a date to practice giving our first presentation by," Alex suggested. 
Julio slowly sat up and said, "I could use something for my head." 
"What do you want me to get for you, Julio?" Leena asked intently. 
"A large bag of marshmallows," Julio whined. 
"What?!" Leena replied in disbelief. 
"It'll be soft and tender for my head," he said as he tried to hold back a smile. 
Leena tossed a pillow at him. "You don't want marshmallows for a cushion. You're just going to eat them," she argued in jest. Julio smiled as he pulled the pillow off of his face and placed it in his lap. 
"Can we do some work now, please?" Alex politely requested. 
"Yes. Let's do some work now," Leena smiled. 
"We're going to need pictures to use in our presentation. Pictures of money, big commercial buildings, a nice home, some people at work at their jobs like at their desk or teaching or providing some service. We'll also need a few pictures of large groups of people. Like hundreds of them walking to work in a large downtown city. A picture of the United States. An image of our planet earth. Some pictures of families. Basically we'll need photographs and artwork of anything relating to the subject of people and retirement," Alex fired off. Leena amazingly had her laptop ready and was typing it all down to refer to later for her own assignments in the project. 
"Create anything you can and buy what images you can’t create or don’t have time to create," Alex added. 
"Got it," Leena replied confidently. 
"Now tell me again, why are a bunch of all-knowing adults going to listen to a group of kids about money when none of us here are experts?" Leena asked hoping not to offend Alex.
“First of all, adults are not 'all-knowing' or else why are so many of them having such trouble over an important subject of adult life: money? And secondly, we're quoting experts. We're providing proven research by well-known experts. Good research provides credibility. Credibility is what makes people listen. Which brings me to you, Julio. You’re the research man. You'll need to find articles from various well-known financial publications. Find out who are the bestselling authors who've written books about money, specific to retirement. These will ideally be books and magazine and Internet articles written in the past five years, but no older than ten years. You'll also need to get me some Census Bureau statistics..." 
Alex stopped talking momentarily as Julio had gone into classroom mode as he laid on his side and had his hand raised, patiently waiting for Alex to call on him. 
"Yes, Julio?" Alex sighed. 
He then dropped his hand and asked, "Are you going to grow up to be one of those women who intimidates and annoys most men she meets because she knows more about money than they do?" Julio asked with a childlike innocence. But Alex wasn't buying it. 
"I'll only annoy male chauvinists," Alex replied unapologetically. 
Julio rolled his eyes and acted as if he knew what a male chauvinist was. Alex went back to delegating and listing everyone's duties. While Alex rambled, Julio leaned over in shy embarrassment to Leena and whispered, "What's a male chauvinist?" 
Leena dropped her head and held her face in her hands. She shook her head in disbelief that he could be so clueless after Alex was so clear to give a name to the pathetic male perspective Julio had just shared. 
"What?" Julio whispered. He still didn't get it. Alex looked at Leena as if Julio were the enemy. 
“He really is harmless,” Leena said to Alex as if to plead his pathetic cause of honest ignorance. 
Alex then looked at Julio who was now smiling cheerfully at her. “What’s a male chauvinist…” Alex mumbled in frustration repeating Julio’s ignorant question. Julio was simply too cute to be angry at for long. She then tossed a pillow in mocked anger at Julio. He barely resisted and then moved the pillow to use behind his head. Alex tried to hold back a smile as she went back to planning. Now Julio was smiling in a more charming way seeing that Alex was softening up for him. After that, both Julio and Alex knew they would get along just fine …most of the time.



Chapter 8: Mysterious Scroll


"So how did it go? Did you guys get a good start on your project?" Meredith asked Alex as they both buckled up their seat belts in the car.
"So far, so good," Alex replied as she pressed the button to make sure all of the car doors were locked.
"Well, I'm glad for you. When it's a subject you really enjoy, you'll generally tend to be pretty good at it," Meredith said encouragingly.
"Are we going to meet Uncle Samuel at work now?" Alex asked excitedly.
"We sure are!"
As Alex and Meredith pulled up to the Linda Wise office building, Meredith coached Alex on more manners. "Alex, if anything in this building looks expensive, it probably is so don't touch it. If you see something that you like, you can compliment it as you look at it, but don't touch it. Understand?"
Alex looked deep in thought for a few moments and then replied, "So if I see a beautiful crystal tea cup, I shouldn't just drop kick it like a football?" She tried to ask in a way as if to show she might not really know the answer.
"Now I can't tell if you're being sarcastic and if you are, that's disrespectful." Meredith half-scolded.
"I'm not meaning to be disrespectful. I know not to touch anything or start a game of football with any of the interior decorations. You just seem a bit nervous and so I thought I'd lighten things up," Alex assured her.
Meredith looked a bit embarrassed yet relieved. "Now where did you inherit your Uncle's sense of humor from, huh? You're only blood related by me. Not him. So try acting more like that family fact, okay?" Meredith jested as she lightly patted Alex's head as if to chide her. Alex chuckled. "Just promise me you won't touch anything, all right?"
"Okay, okay. I promise not to touch anything."
Meredith sighed. "You're right. I am nervous. It's just that this is the biggest contract job your Uncle Samuel has ever had and I don't want to make a poor impression with his biggest client."
"Who's his biggest client?" 
"The woman we're here to meet. The ultimate mega-millionaire of money herself: Linda Wise."
"Oh."
"Actually, she's a billionaire," Meredith sighed. "Millionaire. Billionaire. They're still rich. So what's the difference?" Meredith shrugged.
"More zeroes," Alex smiled slyly. Meredith smiled in wonder of the seemingly constant "money on the mind" perspective of her thirteen-year-old wonder of a niece and continued driving. She then drove into the entrance to the parking lot of Linda's office.
Linda Wise held many successful investments and owned several highly profitable businesses. She had found that a business that is sincerely motivated to best serve its clients while providing a product or service that uplifted the lives of the employees and others around them were usually businesses who were more honest than those that justified the production or sale of products and services that ultimately harm people. But she was always careful not to give into the temptation to buy too many investments or businesses before she could really handle the proper management or supervision of those who had pioneered the businesses she would buy.
She had been featured on the cover of various well known financial magazines, interviewed dozens of times for various financial articles, television and radio programs and was often noted for her philanthropic interests. "Earn well and give well" was a motto she coined for her life.
The office building owned by Linda Wise was located in an especially clean part of town and the building itself was twelve stories high with each floor consisting of 2500 square feet. Although the building was over forty years old, Linda had purchased it just after the whole building was updated and renovated ten years earlier. Ten years earlier it was considered her new corporate headquarters as her company had expanded and needed a much larger building to handle her growing company. 
Every square inch of it still appeared polished and new. With four other locations nationally in states like New York, Texas and California, her corporate firm had become a multibillion dollar success. Just two years earlier, she had opened up three other offices to accommodate her international relations. One in London, one in Tokyo and another in Sydney. But despite all of her success, it was time for her to turn in her key and retire. She was ready for something new. 
“Wanna hear something interesting about how successful she is?” Meredith asked Alex with a sly smile.
“Definitely!” Alex replied eagerly.
“She just recently turned over her firm to her vice-president while she maintains her status as President and CEO. The plan is that in one year, she’ll be officially retired and her now vice-president will buy out her remaining interest in her company and then become president. Guess how much money she’s getting up front to sell to her VP?”
“A hundred million!” Alex guessed confidently.
“Eight hundred million dollars,” Meredith smiled. Alex was in shock.
“No way!”
“Yes way!” Meredith nodded with a smile. She was enjoying surprising her little financial whiz of a niece. “Eight hundred million as cash up front with a stream of income over the next twenty years to pay her a total amount of 2.5 billion.”
“That would certainly be plenty of money for Linda to retire comfortably on.” Alex sighed in awe.
“Well, she’s worked long and hard to build up the global success of her firm and she didn't want to leave it in the hands of someone she didn't really trust. So she chose her vice-president to be the one who would continue to properly care for the well established corporate assets since a significant portion of the profits were set to be given to one of her favorite charities over time.”
“That’s so cool,” Alex said as she watched from the front passenger window seeing them pull up to Linda’s office building.
"We're here! So we’re finally going to meet Ms. Wise and the people she's working with for her museum research project. And hopefully your Uncle Samuel is somewhere nearby," Meredith said as she began to look around as she parked.
Shortly after she parked, Meredith received a text message from Samuel: "100 feet to your left. C U." She turned to her left and saw Samuel waving to her in the distance at the front of a tall, modern building with a three-story glass and chrome entrance. He began to walk towards her as she and Alex unbuckled their seatbelts and stepped out of the car.
"I'm glad you decided not to wear a glittering evening gown," Samuel smiled.
"I figured it wasn't formal but I wasn't totally sure," Meredith replied. She then gave him a kiss. What Meredith wore was certainly nice, but not glittering in high priced fashion.
"Hello, Alex. I'm glad you didn't wear a formal dress either."
"If I did, it would be a lot harder to drop kick anything," Alex said.
Samuel looked confused. "What?"
Meredith cleared her throat. "Alex has agreed to be respectful of Linda's property including all decor while we're here," Meredith jeered at Alex.
"Yes. I will exercise the highest degree of self-restraint and decorum with her decor," Alex joked in a stuffy tone.
"All right you two. Enough with this banter and onto the party," Samuel jested.
"It's okay if I slurp stuff really loud, stuff my mouth with hors d'oeuvres and talk with my mouth full, right aunt Meredith?" Meredith gave Alex a sly look.
"Oh. I see what's happening. You think Alex might accidentally do something that might show bad manners. Am I right?" Samuel asked Meredith. But he didn't wait for a response. "Well, I think that goes along with Alex's views on foul language. She's a good kid. She has a far more mature view on communication than most kids in fact, she's even more mature than many adults I think we can trust her not to..." he thought for a moment, "…say, start a game of football with anything expensive inside," Samuel winked at Alex. 
Alex smiled at Samuel and said, "Don't worry Aunt Meredith. If Uncle Samuel can get her as a client, he can keep her as one too. None of us is going to mess that up." Meredith looked a bit embarrassed.
"I knew it!" Samuel said looking at Meredith. "Honey, just relax and enjoy the evening. We'll mingle for awhile, say goodbye and head back home where you can relax and Alex can drop kick anything she wants." He smiled more.
"Yay!" Alex cheered. Meredith wasn't amused. "Just kidding," Alex recanted.
Linda was introduced to Samuel by Pastor James at the First Congregation of Christ Church just over two months earlier. Samuel was so highly recommended that Linda wouldn't settle for hiring anyone else for such an important project. She wanted only the best and she was confident Samuel would provide it. Samuel and Meredith attended worship services under Pastor James and Linda would also worship at his church whenever she wasn't away on business. Although Samuel and Meredith had attended his church for several years, just as had his own parents, Linda had only begun attending about a year earlier.
Although she was retiring from her firm, she had no intentions of resting on her laurels. Linda's retirement would be spent finishing a project her own father, Jacob, had begun working on but did not complete before his recent death. It was a project she was surprised to learn her father had begun. It was research. Intensive research. But not the normal research on law that he was so well known for and even more well paid for as he had been a successful trial lawyer for well over forty years.
This research he aptly titled: "The Ultimate Trial of Our Lives: Will We Be Both Hearers and Doers of the Word of God as Believers with Faith in His Son Jesus Christ?" He had a side note that he attached to the title that read: It will be our own life's testimony that will bring upon ourselves our eternal verdict at God's merciful and just bar of judgment.
After checking in with the security desk, they got on the elevator. The ride up the elevator was fast as it lifted them up to the top floor. As the doors opened, they stepped out into a vast marble foyer that led to large double glass doors that revealed a large, nearly chest-high front desk where Linda's personal secretary, a woman, and her secretary's assistant, a man, sat working. Both the secretary and her assistant were nicely tailored and manicured a fitting impression for such a high class, professional environment. As Samuel opened the door for Meredith and Alex, the assistant secretary greeted them as a nearby security guard watched.
"You must be the Andrews," he said with a charming smile as he stood up and walked over to meet them.
Samuel shook his hand. "That's right. I'm Samuel Andrews. This is my lovely wife, Meredith, and my adorable niece, Alex."
"Well it's nice to meet you all. If you will please follow me, I'll be happy to show you to the conference room." The man then led them down the hall to a large conference room in the corner where several other guests were already mixing and mingling. A buffet table was laid out in an elegant trim with various hors d'oeuvres and there was a fountain on each end of the table. One was a cascading beverage fountain of pink sparkling punch and at the opposite end was a chocolate fondue fountain that made Alex's heart leap. A few waiters and caterers were on hand to serve up beverages and keep things running smoothly.
Meredith saw Alex looking at the chocolate fountain and asked, "Alex, do you want to go on ahead and eat while Samuel and meet with some people? I could help fix you a plate so you can get off of your crutches for awhile."
Alex thought for a few moments and replied, "Actually, I think I'll wait and eat with you when you're done talking with people. Otherwise, if I stay here and eat, maybe some stranger or two will try and strike up some conversation with me that I don't want to have. You know?"
"I get it," Meredith smiled understandably. "Well, then let's see who's here."
Samuel spied out Linda who was talking with one of the guests across the room. Linda was a tall brunette woman who was Caucasian with flashing brown eyes and a disarmingly warm smile whose natural beauty was often the envy of other women. Although she was in her early sixties, she looked as if she had barely turned fifty. Her dark brown hair had only a few grey hairs in it, most likely due to coloring it from time to time, but that didn't stop others from seeing her as a woman who was beyond gorgeous for she was absolutely beautiful both inside and out. As she noticed Samuel standing in the doorway, she smiled and discreetly waved him over to be introduced to the man she was talking to. Samuel, Meredith and Alex made their way through the small crowd of roughly twenty guests until they reached Linda.
"Samuel! I'm so glad you're here. I'd like to introduce you to Spencer Albrecht. He's going to be a significant part of my think tank since he is a physicist. He has proven to be particularly knowledgeable in the field of quantum physics."
"You can call me Spence," He smiled casually as he held a drink in one hand and extended a handshake with the other. His tie was loose and his sleeves rolled up and his rather straight sandy colored hair looked as if it was about a month over due for a haircut. His face was clean shaven and hinted of his age being in the mid-forties. He looked quite comfortable with who he was. Samuel introduced himself.
"Samuel Andrews. This is my wife, Meredith, and my niece, Alex, who is a lot stronger than she looks so don't let the crutches fool you. She hurt her foot. It's a simple sprain," Samuel said trying to address Alex's injury early on so they could satisfy anyone's curiosity and get it over with so they could talk about other things. He didn't want to cause Alex to feel obligated to talk about her injury.
"Oh," Spence said.
"Samuel is the building contractor who will bring the museum to life," Linda remarked.
"Hello. It's a pleasure to meet you," Spence smiled.
"Don't tell me. Let me guess. You're a scientist that also believes in God, right?" Samuel chuckled. "If that's the case, it's highly unusual. That's not to say that a faith based scientist is an oxymoron. Don't get me wrong," he said in jest to Spence. But Spence just shook his head and smiled. That wasn't the first time he'd heard that joke. 
"I happen to believe that there is evidence of a supreme organizing intelligence or maybe what others call 'God.'
"But do you call it God?" Samuel politely challenged.
"Not yet," came the equally polite retort.
"Fair enough," Samuel replied.
Spence then turned to look at the man near him as he said, "I'd also like to introduce you to my father, Brad. He's been a nuclear scientist for over two hundred years now," Spencer chuckled. His father shared his own sense of humor with his quick response. 
"I told him he can joke about my age as long as I can joke about his wife, Mindy, who has a memory as quick to recall past data history quicker than any woman I've ever met," Brad joked.
"He says that because my lab computer is affectionately called 'Mindy.' I'm actually not married. I just spend a lot of time at work," Spence said with a shy smile.
Linda chimed in. "Well married or not, I'm excited to have Spence on our team," she smiled. "Let's go introduce you to Robert now Samuel. He's right over here." Linda began leading the way through the crowd to Robert.
"Nice to meet you, Spence," Samuel smiled.
"Yes, it was nice meeting you, Spence," Meredith said as they moved on to meet Robert. Spence simply nodded in agreement.
Robert was a handsome, black man in his late twenties who wore designer jeans with a suit coat and a white dress shirt underneath. No tie. His face was clean shaven and he wore a friendly smile. As Linda and Samuel approached him, he held up his hand in a stop position and his smile turned a somber face. With one hand holding a drink, he used his other hand to touch his index finger near his temple. He closed his eyes and said, "I sense an introduction is in my future, and that person is..." he then opened one of his eyes, looked Samuel up and down and then closed his eye and continued, "...a white male, brunette, married and seems to be giving off a vibe of a general contractor." Robert then opened his eyes, smiled and held offered a handshake to Samuel. Linda began another round of cheerful introductions. 
"Samuel, this is Robert J. Fulton, and he is..."
"Telepathetic," Robert interjected matter-of-factly.
Linda continued. "This is his wife, Emerald D."
"Who is absolutely gorgeous tonight and every night," Robert added as he charmed his wife. Emerald smiled proudly at Robert. Emerald was about Robert's age and also a very attractive black woman. She was wearing high heels and a somewhat tight but modest emerald green dress with a hem line that landed about mid-calf.
"Nice to meet you," Both Samuel and Meredith said in near unison. They shook Robert's and Emerald's hands. Alex
simply smiled politely at times through the greetings.
"As Robert had already suspected, Samuel is my new building contractor. He's the one who will be making the museum a reality and I'm confident we'll all love the results and that it will be a tremendous blessing to our city for many years to come," Linda said gratefully.
"Well you certainly look like a man who can work miracles. Twelve months doesn't seem like much time to build it in," Robert said more seriously.
"It might not have been if she hadn't already purchased the land and made sure things were in compliance with local ordinances and zoning laws. But she and I have things wrapped up so that twelve months to build is reasonable," Samuel responded. "By the way, this is my beautiful wife, Meredith, and my very cool niece, Alex," Samuel added.
"Nice to meet you too," Robert said as Emerald smiled and said the same.
"And don't worry, Alex does not pretend at times that one of her crutches is a machine gun." Everyone chuckled and Samuel continued. "She uses her crutches just as she's supposed to for her sprained ankle. And hopefully in a few days she won't need to use them anymore."
"How did you sprain your ankle?" Emerald asked her sympathetically.
"I was running in the house and I didn't notice there was a shoe in the way and I tripped on it. But don't worry. I wasn't running with scissors." Everyone laughed again.
"She's cute and funny. I like her," Emerald smiled. Alex smiled timidly hoping they would all move on to talk about something else. Yes, her sprain was from a circumstance of abuse. But, no, Samuel and Meredith were not guilty of causing it. Thankfully the attention turned to someone else.
"So, you have some spiritual brawn, do you Robert? Do you have a background in bodybuilding?" Samuel half-joked.
"No. Not me. I'm what some might call a biblical scholar. I've studied up on biblical history and learned about a few archaeological digs, but nothing serious," Robert answered modestly. He didn’t mind the teasing at all.
"He says, 'nothing serious' but he has a way of picking up on key gospel points regarding the subject of salvation through Christ like few others," Linda proudly pointed out. "Don't let his modesty fool you. I didn't hire him for his physical brawn but rather for his spiritual brains," she added. She then smiled and waved discreetly to a man across the room who seemed to be requesting her immediate attention. “Please excuse me for a moment. He’s with the catering services. I won’t be long.” She then slipped away to see what he wanted.
“So what do you know about the research so far?” Samuel asked Robert curiously.
“I know that it surprised Linda.” Robert said with eyebrows raised.
“Really?” Samuel wondered. “Do tell,” he smiled.
“Her father’s research was surprising to Linda for a number of reasons, not the least of which was the fact that he was never before a churchgoing respecter of God. Jacob, her father, was known for choosing his worldly wealth and the various indulgent pleasures of life over the life of an equally wealthy but more restrained and highly moral saint.”
“Ahh. I see.”
“This 180 degree about face he chose of giving up all of his sins to know God came as a shock to pretty much everyone who knew him. He lost most of his former so-called friends and many profitable but corrupt business associates in the process. But he found himself all the happier for it and ultimately at peace because of it although, according to Linda, plenty of people were doubtful that his change was permanent and sincere. She wasn’t even sure it was permanent. He couldn't blame them for doubting. But he knew the truth of his sincere change and he knew that God knew it, so he was at peace.”
“His change was most impressive to his first wife, Linda's mom, who had known him best when he was often at his worst.” Emerald added since she was there when Linda told Robert the story. “She had passed away only four months before Jacob had passed so she passed in enough time to receive the pleasant surprise of rock solid evidence of his serious change.” She then leaned in to whisper to Meredith although she was still intentionally loud enough for anyone else to hear. “And get this. All three of his ex-wives were stunned to receive a large paycheck that made up for what he cheated them out of financially in their divorce. Over seven million dollars total in payments.”
“No way!” Meredith gasped.
Emerald was done whispering when she leaned back again and added, “And his last wife told him she would've actually taken him back if she had known he was really going to change for the better as he had.”
“Really?”
“But he had already remarried.”
“No one really knew what it was that brought about such a strong drive to change.” Robert said questioningly. “Something within his heart manifested he was a changed man. Linda said the change was so clear by his more noble and selfless behavior. But regardless of what it was, Linda said his new found joy was just as real as was his experience in sin before his repentance and he welcomed the new peace of conscience he felt within his heart with open arms. The man eagerly evicted his former life of misery, pain and sorrow out of his new life forever.”
“But he had passed away just six months after his most recent wife passed away. He died due to a sudden heart attack at the age of eighty-eight. Isn’t that so sad?” Emerald asked sympathetically.
“Did Linda tell you how it happened?” Samuel asked. 
“She didn’t say much about it.” Robert answered.
“We didn’t want to press such a sensitive subject. Why? Did she tell you?” Emerald asked sincerely concerned.
“Yeah.” Samuel sighed. “She said his home had been involved in severe flooding under a downpour of rain from a sudden storm while he was out on vacation with a friend a few states away. When he arrived home to see part of his research destroyed as various piles of paper were floating among other debris in his house, his desperate attempt to save what was left of his precious research brought on sudden chest pains. His friend rushed Jacob to the local hospital where he called to see how soon Linda could come and see him as he felt his passing might come soon. He wanted to see her one last time to say goodbye. She was in Japan on business when he called her and although she left her meetings early to fly immediately back to the U.S. to see him, his timing was too late. Her plane had touched down to land just ten minutes after his passing.” Both Emerald and Meredith gasped at the same time.
“Oh my heavens,” Emerald said in shock. “I had no idea.”
“That is so sad,” Meredith added. She didn’t bother to fight the tears that welled up in her eyes. Her compassion for Linda was overflowing. Samuel continued.
“She arrived at the hospital only to learn that she would need to plan his funeral before she could say goodbye to him in person one last time. Linda was devastated. As she arrived at her deceased father's home to assess the damage, she began gathering everything that she could find of her father's research that she could salvage. Everything else that was damaged beyond reasonable repair was thrown away. The bulk of Jacob's research that was in the best condition was in the form of several files and semi-organized stacks of paper with pages and pages of handwritten notes. This research later sat in unopened boxes in Linda's home for a few months after her father's funeral.”
“I do know this:… ” Robert chimed in. “When she finally felt up to reading what he was working on, she was fascinated. At the top of one of his pages he had written: Stick of Joseph as ancient scroll a translated record in fulfillment of prophecy. Scroll teaches of Jesus Christ by writings of prophets who received revelations about Him from Him and writings harmonize with Holy Bible while answering deepest questions about life and salvation not found in Holy Bible alone. Scroll is vital second half; Ezekiel 37:15-20.
Meredith wanted to know what the verses in Ezekiel said so she looked it up online with her phone. “Ezekiel 37:15-20 reads, ‘The word of the Lord came unto me again saying: Moreover, thou son of man, take thee one stick , and write upon it, For Judah, and for the children of Israel his companions: then take  another stick , and write upon it, For Joseph, the stick of Ephraim , and for  all the house of Israel his companions And join them one to another into one stick : and they shall become one in thine hand. And when the children of thy people shall speak unto thee, saying, Will thou not shew us what thou meanest by these? Say unto them, Thus saith The Lord God: Behold, I will take the stick of Joseph, which is in the hand of Ephraim, and the Tribes of Israel his fellows, and will put them with him, even with the stick of Judah, and make them one stick, and they shall be one in mine hand. And the sticks whereon thou writest shall be in thine hand before their eyes.”
“Any chance you could put that in modern English for me?” Samuel asked looking at Meredith and Robert 
“It sounds just like what it says. Basically, God is speaking to his prophet, which at that period of history seems to have been Ezekiel. The Lord tells him to write. That usually means to write about the Lord’s dealings with the people of that time.” Meredith paused a moment to read a verse again before she continued. “It looks like there’s supposed to be a history of the Lord’s dealings with Judah and the people of his nation written on one stick…”
“For context, a stick was usually a scroll.” Robert chimed in.
“Yeah, a stick had like papyrus or something wrapped around it and the papyrus was where the words would be written,” Meredith nodded. “So the Lord’s prophet was told to also record the history of the Lord’s dealings with Joseph which is apparently Ephraim and his people. And then the Lord will take these two records or…” Meredith thought deeply trying to find the right word.
“Testimony,” Robert whispered as he thought out loud. Meredith was in awe as he had found the perfect word to describe it.
“So the Lord will take these two testimonies or testaments of the prophets of that time, the prophets in the times of Judah and Joseph, and hold them in his hand. That’s what that seems to mean.”
“Testament…”Robert was thinking out loud. “The Old and New Testaments are of Judah. They were ultimately testaments of Jesus Christ, beginning with testimonies of Jehovah’s dealings with people in the Old Testament and Jerusalem before He was born to live on earth as Jesus Christ.”
“So then where’s the testament of Ephraim?” Samuel asked.
“Do you think that’s what Linda’s father found? The other testament of Christ through Joseph?”
“And Joseph is related to Ephraim?” Samuel asked.
“Yeah.” Both Meredith and Robert answered in unison. Then Robert shared another thought.
“So what’s the meaning behind holding them both in one hand together? And what does it mean when he says they’ll be before their eyes.”
“Well whatever the two testaments are, once they’re finally put together, which they may already be, we don’t know…then people will see it. To have something ‘before their eyes’ means they’ll see it right in front of them. Like, in reality,” Meredith replied as she looked to Robert to see if he agreed.
“That sounds about right,” he said. And he thought further and tried to figure out if he should say anything he was thinking.
“What?” Meredith asked to encourage him to share his thoughts.
“It seemed that her father had somehow learned of a scroll presumed to be ancient that exists and has already been discovered and translated into English. She thought that if it had already been translated into English, then it had likely also been translated into other languages as well. She tried to recall any stories over recent years of any archaeological digs that might be similar to the general description of the scroll her father was learning of, but nothing came to her mind. She told me that as she searched further, she was really impressed with the thoroughness of his research. She said she wished she had not only talked more with him about it, but had not lost to the flood what was damaged. She wondered what else of his research may have been carried away by the flood that she hadn't even seen.”
“She told me it looked like he had poured his heart and soul into his research just as devotedly as if he were anticipating a billion dollar trial settlement from which he would receive thirty percent in fees.” Samuel said before taking a sip of water from a glass he picked up off of a passing tray. Meredith and Alex picked up water glasses as well and sipped as Samuel spoke. “But it was precisely because of the fact that he was not anticipating any financial prize in pursuit of this research that struck a deep chord within Linda confirming to her just how priceless he found this new teaching on Jesus Christ to be. 
“Well , technically, he had long since retired and didn’t really need more than the hundreds of millions that he already had, right?” Robert smiled.
“Yeah, but, according to Linda, if he hadn’t been a changed man, he would still be chasing more wealth just to be selfish about it. But since he changed, he used his wealth for good.”
“You know what she said to me about her inheritance from him?” Robert asked. Both Samuel and Meredith shook their heads no and were eager to hear. “Seventy million dollars was what she inherited.”
“You’re kidding!” Samuel gasped in shock and Meredith and Emerald shook their heads in awe. Robert continued. “She said she felt that the seventy million dollars she had received from him as an inheritance seemed ‘paltry and dull’ compared to the ‘shimmering light she felt emanated from each and every page’ of his notes on God. Now that’s amazing!”
“It’s so sad she didn’t have time to say goodbye,” Meredith said solemnly.
“I know,” Emerald added as she looked down briefly at the ground to take it all in. She then looked back up at Meredith and said, “I pray she stays strong every day she works on this.”
“So how about you two. Are both of your parents still living?” Meredith inquired sincerely.
“Yes.” Robert and his wife answered in unison.
"Do you two have children?" 
Emerald practically glowed in her response. "We do. A girl and a boy. Ruby is four and Maxwell just turned two."
"That's wonderful," Meredith responded sincerely.
"Is Alex tagging along for the night?" Emerald wondered.
"Oh, no. We are blessed to have her live with us for awhile," Meredith smiled as she lovingly stroked Alex's hair.
"How old are you, Alex?" Emerald asked politely.
"Thirteen," Alex answered humbly.
"So how do you like this party with all of these old people?" Emerald joked to Alex.
"You guys aren't old. I haven't seen anyone with white hair other than Spence's dad," Alex said honestly.
"I think Alex might be hungry," Meredith said. "Should we go get something to eat?" She asked Alex.
"Yes! I'm sooo hungry," Alex replied in relief.
"Would any of you like to join us?" Meredith cordially offered.
"That sounds like a good idea," Emerald replied.
"Honey, I think I'd like to hang back for a bit and get to know some of the others first," Samuel said. 
"Why don't you ladies go on ahead and I'll grab some food a little later," Robert suggested. Samuel nodded in agreement as he remained with Robert. While Meredith, Alex and Emerald made their way over to the buffet table, Linda arrived back to see Samuel and Robert.
“Please forgive me for taking so long. I just had to make sure the catering was as ordered,” Linda apologized as she returned.
“No problem,” Robert smiled and shrugged his shoulders.
"So who's the guy wearing the five thousand dollar suit?" Samuel asked Linda. Samuel was looking at a well dressed man who was engaged in conversation across the room.
"I was wondering the same thing. Those are some expensive threads," Robert said as he looked over in the same direction Samuel was looking.
"I'm surprised you don't recognize him," Linda remarked.
One of the waiters overheard them and stopped to comment. "Don't worry, Samuel. I was wondering the same thing and I don't have a clue who he is." The waiter then offered the two men and Linda more drinks. Samuel replaced his empty water glass with a full one while Robert picked up a glass of sparkling fruit punch. 
“Thank you,” Robert graciously thanked the waiter.
"That's the one and only Pastor D. Ananias Faust who started 'Blackdust Shepherd's Faith Ministry' ten years ago on a budget of less than ten thousand dollars with a congregation of less than twenty people and now he earns an average of about four million dollars a year in revenues off of what is now his congregation of about twenty thousand followers locally and another fifty thousand across the country over the internet. I can't believe you missed him in the headlines last year as he decided to build his own stadium sized sixty-million dollar church to fit his congregation more comfortably," Linda smiled.
"Apparently, 'more comfortably' was the sixty-million dollar goal. That must be some building," the waiter scoffed. He was a good friend of Linda’s which is why he felt so comfortable being so candid. 
“Robert, Samuel, this is Eric. He’s the only waiter I wouldn’t have escorted off the property for such frankness,” Linda jested.
“Surely had any of the other waiters made such a comment they could risk losing their job,” Eric smiled warily as he looked around hoping none of his co-workers overheard.
Samuel was thinking deeply. "Pastor D. Ananias Faust. Yeah, the moment you said his name I remembered hearing about the building bids.” He shook his head as he recalled rumors once the bid went out. “A lot of people in the construction industry were talking about him," Samuel said.
"Did you put a bid in to win the job?" Robert asked.
"No."
"Why not?" Robert asked curiously.
Samuel shrugged. "It must not have felt right for whatever reason or else I would have."
"No offense, Linda, but he just seems like the odd man out. I'm not quite sure why you've got him on your team," Eric said as he looked at both Linda and Robert. Linda wasn't sure how to respond but she was careful not to be easily offended. "I mean, none of the others are really wealthy or well-known on your research team. Spence isn't some rich bestselling author or Ivy school professor and neither is Robert." Eric wondered.
Linda sighed as she smiled and responded. "I can see your point and I suppose it should be said that he is the only one I actually didn't invite to be on the team. I had already approached those who I was interested in and it wasn't until after my invitations were accepted and I had put the team together that he then approached me and convinced me that he would be an asset to the team. So, I said yes. But I really do think we can learn a lot from him, just like we'll learn a lot from Robert, Spencer and Eve."
"Who's Eve?" Samuel asked.
"Three o'clock. Khaki pants, white long-sleeved dress top, brown pumps, short bleached blonde hair," Linda directed. "Follow me. I'll introduce you to her."
As Linda led the way through the crowd, Robert and Samuel began to follow but Eric pulled them both back for a moment. "I've been to one of Mr. Faust’s ministry speeches with a buddy of mine. We decided not to go back because all the guy does is boost everyone's ego and talk of hope without teaching much about God. My friend, Dale, and I tried to talk to him after the meeting and we asked him about what he thought of some things in the bible. He said he suggested we just go by what's in our hearts rather than trying to understand the bible. He actually said that it's not expected that people should understand the bible or even God. Now what kind of a man says that? That just didn't feel right to me or Dale." Robert and Samuel looked at one another and remained silent. Eric continued.
"Look. I'm not trying to create a problem here but what if Faust is and Linda doesn't know it?" Eric asked.
"I'd like to think that Linda knows what she's doing," Robert said. "She already spoke with the man and certainly she must have seen something that was right about hiring him or else she wouldn't have let him join the team."
Samuel didn't want their discreet conversation to keep them from following Linda to meet Eve so Samuel persuaded them to move on. "Come on. Let's go meet Eve." The two followed Samuel over to Linda and Eve as Eric moved on to serve other guests. Thankfully they weren't too far behind Linda as one of the catering staff had stopped Linda to ask her a brief question and their conversation took about as long as Samuel’s and Robert's did.
Eve Brilliant was a Caucasian woman in her early sixties who was talking to a somewhat older looking man, also Caucasian, who was well dressed in a suit and bow tie and wore glasses. As Linda and the others approached, Eve was talking passionately as if she was in a heated debate, but the man she was talking with wasn't arguing.
"...and that's one of the problems people have today is they simply don't take these things into consideration. But we have to. We have to take these things into consideration. Otherwise we won't learn to think of the needs of these other women who so often don't have a voice. Leaders sit there and they say that they want to achieve these great things and be a successful and independent nation and then they turn around and allow others to weaken and destroy the very foundation upon what they need to build upon and that foundation is of course primarily to be found in the strengthening and empowering of the women and girls in their own country. When they refuse to strengthen the women and girls they sabotage their own efforts at becoming a successful nation and it makes no sense to do that. No sense whatsoever. They have to learn to work together and empower these girls and women in such a way that makes for a mutually edifying partnership among the sexes not a division but a partnership. A healthy, lasting, uplifting partnership."
"I totally agree," the man responded honestly.
"Eve, I'm sorry to interrupt," Linda said.
"No. You're fine. Are you about to introduce me to some people?" Eve chuckled as she quickly went from one second of heated debate to pleasantly smiling and laughing.
"As a matter of fact that's exactly why we came over. This is Robert Fulton."
"Oh, yes. I believe we met earlier. Nice to see you again, Robert," Eve quickly replied with a smile. Eve often spoke at a rather fast pace.
"This is Samuel Andrews, the general contractor who will be overseeing the building of the museum," Linda said as Eve shook their hands.
"This is my husband, Peter," Eve said as she gestured to the man with glasses who stood next to her.
Peter gave a serious look and said, "I must warn you. Don't give a job to my wife that you don't want finished perfectly because she'll move h-e double hockey sticks and high water to get things done when she's committed to a project. She's a trooper." Peter then smiled and shook hands with Robert and Samuel.
"So, Linda, what other assets were you thinking Eve would be bringing the team?" Samuel asked cheerfully.
"Eve has used her knowledge of social culture and our individual pursuit of closer relations or lack thereof to become a bestselling author," Linda remarked matter-of-factly.
"I have personally enjoyed reading her books," Robert said to Samuel. "And I'm thrilled to have the opportunity to work with you, Eve," Robert smiled to her.
"Thank you, Robert. It's an exciting project idea," Eve admitted.
"I wasn't sure I'd be able to convince Eve to join us. So I'm glad she said yes," Linda added. She then saw one of her staff motion to her to tell her of the time. "If you'll excuse me for a few minutes, it's time for me to officially welcome everyone here tonight," she smiled as she set down her empty glass on a beverage tray being carried by a passing waiter. She made her way to the front of the room where one of her assistants began speaking to the group through a microphone.
“I look forward to talking with you again sometime,” Samuel said as he began to walk over closer to the buffet table.
“Pleasure to meet you,” Robert said as he followed Samuel. Both Eve and Peter smiled with a look that told Robert and Samuel they too looked forward to working together later. Once they were out of Eve’s and Peter’s hearing, Samuel shared a discreet thought with Robert.
“I couldn't help but to wonder just how much more emphasis Peter may have preferred to put on the word 'trooper' in describing his wife.”
“Why’s that?”
“There’s something about her.”
“Like what?” Robert shrugged as he briefly looked around to see where Emerald was. He then turned his attention back to Samuel.
“Eve bears a strong resemblance personality-wise to one of my professors in college.” Samuel said this with a sigh as he squinted his eyes in remembrance. “She was a woman who cared more about speaking the truth than what the results of that truth might bring. 
“Ah,” Robert nodded with understanding. “She wasn't exactly sensitive to the feelings of others when she spoke.”
“Sad but true. Every time I look at her I remember a valuable lesson I learned about the harsh nature of my past professor.”
“And that lesson would be…” Robert waited for Samuel to finish the sentence. 
“I learned there were times when the truth should not be spoken. It shouldn't be spoken with the sole intent of hurting another person emotionally. Unless it's to save a life, prevent crime or get a man to leave a woman alone when he gives her unwanted attention, the truth should be spoken with tender care for the feelings of all listening. The highest form of truth is uplifting in its effects and inspires bad people to become good and for good people to become better. Am I right?”
“Yeah.” Robert conceded. “It shouldn't be spoken when its effect or intent would potentially destroy faith in God because the truth was spoken either in a spirit of contention or self-righteous pride.”
“Exactly. To me, self-righteous pride shows an ill-justified contraction of love by one person to another in what is otherwise a mutually agreed upon relationship of love. A contraction of love is especially damaging in a parent-child relationship –– even in a grandparent and grandchild relationship –– where one should feel love from another in a circumstance that is appropriate for an increased expression of love but instead that love is withheld for a self-serving reason.”
“I totally agree.”
“I heard one of the worst things from this professor once. She actually said, no, she actually bragged to one of her students about a conversation she had with the little children of her adopted child. Her adopted grandchildren asked her once if she loved them as much as she loved her own grandchildren that were naturally born to her own children. You know what she said? She had no problems being crass as she proudly said, ‘Nope. I love them more.’
“You have got to be exaggerating. Really? A woman… actually said that? Oh, that’s ice world cold, man.” Robert imitated shivers just thinking of it.
“Personally, I found her coldness in that example to be utterly creepy. She was proud to cause those little children to feel less loved… and all in the name of her proud reputation for being known for being ‘honest’ no matter who suffered. 
“She doesn't seem like a very bright woman spiritually or emotionally. That was an immature comment she made, to say the least.”
“Even if her lack of compassion was due to how she herself was raised, she still had a personal responsibility to become a better example for her own family.”
“Amen to that,” Robert agreed strongly. He then wondered out loud, “If she would just be more mature enough to see that and accept it, then that would be a brighter day for herself and those around her. 
“I know that those who truly love God are usually better at loving others and they don't see sensitivity and compassion as a weakness. Here this woman was supposed to be a role model of deity for her grandchildren since our parents and grandparents are often our first introductions in life to the eternal principle of parenthood.
“I agree.”
“Since God is the role model of parenting for all of humankind, I find it more true to see God as encouraging all of his children to feel loved by him equally since we may choose to be adopted into God's family by Christ's sacrifice.” Samuel let out a frustrated sigh and mumbled, “Maybe I should  actually take a moment to quietly pray in my heart that Eve won’t turn out to be like my past professor.”
“That’s probably not a bad idea since you are bound to see her from time to time while you’re working with Linda. We all want to get along, right?”
“Yes, we do.”
“Pray on my friend. Pray on.” Robert gave Samuel a soft smile as he gave Samuel an encouraging pat on his shoulder.
“I’m going to choose to believe Eve will be a much better example than my professor.”
“Good choice,” Robert said as he picked up a pastry from a passing catering tray.
"Ladies and gentlemen, may I have your attention please?" The chatter of the guests became more quiet as they soon stopped talking and turned their attention to the announcer.
"Thank you for coming out this evening. It's good to see so many of you enjoying conversation together. We'd like to turn our time over to the woman who has invited us all here tonight. A very special and inspiring woman who has a unique vision and way of recognizing whatever good exists in any person or circumstance. She has a gifted way of expanding her vision to bring about more good. Ladies and gentlemen, it is my privilege to introduce you to Ms. Linda Wise." The guests applauded as Linda began speaking.
"Thank you so much for attending here tonight. I should let you know that one of the guys in our shipping department offered to personally cater this event and he made it a point to emphasize how one of his specialties is chocolate covered anchovies." Most of the guests chuckled and several subdued tones of disgust were also heard. "This clearly was a bad idea. I'm glad you agree," she jested. The guests laughed. Samuel and Robert nodded as they laughed. Meredith and Emerald took a closer look at the food on their plates to make sure no masquerading anchovies were found. Alex shook her head in disbelief that they would actually check.
"So I'm glad I didn't rely on someone from shipping to provide our food this evening. And Marci is glad too as she enjoys catering and owns a very successful catering business that not only serves the nearly half a million residents of Silver Streams but the outer lying towns and cities as well." Marci, who was standing at the back of the room, smiled and mouthed a gracious 'Thank you' to Linda.
"I'm sure we'll be using her delightful services again in the future unless she has snuck in some chocolate covered anchovies to frighten us all with. And if anyone sees this, please let me know," Linda jested. Once again, the crowd laughed. The caterers and waiters continued to replenish the hors d'oeuvres and drinks. Linda moved on to other subjects.
"Well, as you know, I have some aspirations that are quite a bit different from the financial industry that I've dedicated so much of my life to. And as much as I have enjoyed succeeding in the world of business and investing as I’ve raised others and myself to higher financial heights, I have since learned of a different kind of height to aspire to which I believe will be of much more worth not only for myself and my time but hopefully of greater worth also for those who may be the beneficiaries of the fruits that will come from these new labors.
Some of you may wonder where these new aspirations come from. Well, it was late one night as I studied my father's research that I suddenly knew what I wanted to do with my time and resources during my retirement years. As most of you already know, I decided I would put together a research team of my own to help me figure out what this scroll was, what it answers about the deepest questions about God and life that so beautifully harmonizes with the bible. I then plan to open a museum that will spotlight artists from around the world who have created artistic representations that seem most in harmony with the research of my father as it pertains to the scroll and God's truths.
“Certainly if my once-wayward- father-turned-saint had heard of the scroll, then others must have too and maybe someone has already created some art from inspiration of the scroll's answers to the great questions of life. I have no interest in debate, which is why I never became a lawyer.” The crowd chuckled understandably. “I prefer instead to simply share with others the truths I have learned and will learn of God and His blessings thanks to my father's own studies. I want to share with the world God's perfect design towards happiness for all those that sincerely seek it and freely choose it, and share it in such a creative way visually that sparks a peaceful interest for all who visit the museum.”
“I had met with several other commercial general contractors and had seen dozens of design suggestions for my museum but it wasn't until I had met with Samuel Andrews that I knew I found the right person for the job. With a planned layout of approximately 16,000 square feet for the new museum, and a time frame of twelve months to complete it all, this job is now in the competent hands of what I feel is the best man in the industry. Please join me in thanking Samuel for the dedication and high quality he’ll be giving to such a noble enterprise.” Linda then began to clap her hands in praise of Samuel for their new partnership in building and the rest of those in attendance were quick to join in applauding him sincerely. Samuel gave a gracious smile and nod and thought about what she just said. Yes, the 4.5 million dollar job was now in his competent hands. Alex's and Meredith still had yet to comprehend how he would spend the next twelve months totally dedicated to turning Linda’s vision into a reality.
“Thank you again, Samuel,” Linda added as she stopped clapping and the applause died down. “Once the building of this museum comes to completion in one year we’ll gather together again to celebrate its grand opening. In the meantime, those of you who will be working with me on this rather unique team of researchers already know of the inspiration behind this vision as I have shared with you the story of my father's death and the unfinished work he left behind as he has learned of a scroll or other possibly ancient record that he felt to believe fulfills the prophecy described in the Holy Bible's Old Testament, specifically Ezekiel 37:15 -20. This scroll or possibly a series of scrolls or other sacred writings – answers many of the deepest questions of life and important aspects regarding salvation through Jesus Christ answers that are not found in the Holy Bible alone. Yet these answers also harmonize in a remarkably perfect way with various teachings found in both the Old Testament and the New Testament.” She continued.
“The teachings and revelations this scroll teaches about Jesus Christ are greatly uplifting and have such a feeling of divine truth about them that it is most difficult if not impossible to ignore. At the very least, the teachings feel so peaceful and joyous that I, and others, have felt a desire to learn more. The writings of the scroll appear to have been written by prophets of old who have recorded teachings of Jesus Christ and even some of them have had actually spoken with Jesus Christ as special and sacred revelation that answers many of the mysteries of life, such as: Does God exist? Is Jesus Christ really our Savior? Why are we all here? Where we came from and What happens to us after we die. It is my personal quest to achieve the following things:
“First: To find the scroll or at least discover it's name and origin. Second: Recognize how it harmonizes with the Holy Bible to aid in answering life's greatest questions. Third: Confirm if the scroll or its writings were either manmade or if it's truly divine in origin. And last, but not least: if it is divine in it's origin, as I am strongly inclined to believe it is, then I feel it's important to have this information available to the public and to the world not as a means for debate –– especially debate that kills faith but rather as a way to inspire others through various media arts to come and bring any uplifting truths they have about Jesus Christ and let us add to it. 
“Let us allow men and women and children to judge for themselves for someone has clearly labored to bring this ancient record to light and if it's a false record created of man, then it's false. But if it's true, then Jesus is the Christ and whoever brought this record to light did it under the power and inspiration of God and it must be for our benefit everyone of us individually as all things that are good are of God and I know it has always been and continues to be God's primarily aim to bless us individually as His children. To help us to understand what my father discovered, I am providing each person on the team a typed draft of my father’s notes." 
Two of Linda's assistants began handing out the roughly three inch thick drafts to each member of her research team. Each typed draft came in a white box with a gift bow on top.
"The draft you are receiving is approximately four hundred pages of his notes. It's essentially all that was left after the damage to his home. Since our first official meeting as a research team will begin one week from today, I encourage all research members to familiarize yourselves with these notes of my father, Jacob, over the next several days in preparation for that first meeting. I look forward to working with those who are on this vital new team as a means of recognizing more of God's truths wherever we may find them and hopefully inspire others through art to get to know God and His beloved Son, Jesus Christ and find out for themselves what is true and what is not about the answers to many of life's greatest questions. Thank you again for coming out tonight and I invite you to stay and enjoy the great food and new friendships we're all forming. Enjoy the evening."
All of the guests applauded and returned to socializing. Linda decided to head over and talk with Meredith and Emerald.
"Thank you both for coming out tonight," Linda smiled.
"I don't know if Samuel is going to be able to sleep tonight. He's so excited to get started building," Meredith smiled. She then took a sip of her drink.
"I think that makes two of us," Linda smiled anxiously.
"Looks like a certain someone has taken a special interest in your pre-museum art," Emerald said as she saw Alex had wandered over to a far wall where various biblical pictures were on display. Linda politely excused herself and walked over towards Alex. Meredith and Emerald remained behind to watch curiously from a distance.
Alex slowly walked along the length of the wall where various scenes from the King James Version of the Holy Bible's Old and New Testaments were displayed as art. Nearly all were older oil paintings. Several images were of Jesus Christ portrayed in various New Testament events. Some of the Old Testament paintings were of miracles by prophets such as Moses and still other pictures were of angelic visitations. Alex stopped in front of a picture of the angel Gabriel delivering the holy message to Mary about the glorious news of the impending birth of the Christ child who will save the world from sin. Alex noticed how the angel was painted as having wings. Alex's thoughts were expressed as she wondered in subdued tones, "Do angels need wings? I bet they don’t."
Linda, standing behind Alex, was surprised to hear Alex's observation and asked curiously, "How do you know?" Linda's question, although sincere, startled Alex as she was unaware of Linda's nearby presence. Alex turned around speechless and was unsure how to answer. "I apologize. I didn't mean to startle you," Linda said gently. "I'm just curious as to why you would say that. Actually I'm more than curious. I truly am interested."
"Say what?" Alex asked nervously.
"Did you say, 'angels don't have wings’? How do you know that? And I'm not saying that I doubt you. I'm actually inclined to believe you, although I can't explain why at the moment," Linda said thoughtfully.
"I just… I don’t think they do," Alex replied not wanting to talk to Linda about her recent dream. "I'm sorry. I have to go now." Alex quickly hobbled on her crutches back over to Meredith.
"How long do we have to stay here at the party? I'm getting tired," Alex said, which was true because they had been there for awhile and hobbling around on her crutches made her tired and eager to get back home to a more familiar and restful environment.
Meredith put her arm around Alex. "We can leave now, if you want. That's fine. I bet you're tired of using your crutches, huh?" Meredith said as she gently stroked Alex's head. Alex nodded. She definitely looked tired.
"Yeah. Let's go," Alex sighed.
"I guess we'll see you later. It was nice meeting you," Meredith said to Emerald.
"Nice to meet you too," Emerald smiled. 
Samuel saw Meredith saying goodbye to Linda so he headed over. "May I walk you two to the car?" He asked.
Meredith nodded. "Sure. That would be great."
Samuel passed by Linda and said, "I'll be back in a few minutes."
Linda seemed to understand as she waved goodbye to Alex and Meredith. She took a long look as they walked away. She never asked Alex about her injury for the same reason she didn't feel right about pushing her to open up about her thoughts about angels. Some people prefer their privacy and for good reason. But that didn't mean that Linda didn't care to know, so she hoped that if it was ever needed that she would take the opportunity to explain that to Alex. She was empathetic about Alex's reluctance to open up and decided not to push her to do so the next time they met. Again, Linda thought that if Alex wasn't talking about it, she must have a good reason. But yet she couldn't deny the feeling that she should talk to Alex more about what she might know of God. Somehow she knew it would happen. But she knew she would have to wait until Alex was ready.



Chapter 9: A Wise King Would Give Away His Kingdom for This


As Alex crawled into bed, Meredith began to tuck her in. She decided to ask Alex about her old window frame. "I noticed you brought your window frame for your playhouse with you. I'm not sure there's enough room in our backyard to build a playhouse in."
"It's okay. I didn't plan on you or Uncle Samuel building it for me at your house," Alex reassured.
"Then did you want to still keep it here in your room? There's room in the garage for it if you want me to put it there."
"No. No. I'd really like to keep it here in my room, if that's okay."
"That's fine with me. What are you going to do with it here?" Alex remained quiet since she didn't want Aunt Meredith to laugh or make fun if Alex told her how she imagined the window as a means of seeing heaven's view if life, so Alex decided to test the water, so to speak, to see what Aunt Meredith might think by asking her a question.
"Someone at the party asked me a question tonight that I didn't want to answer. What do you do in a situation like  that? You know? When someone asks you something and you're not sure you want to talk about it yet?" Meredith wasn't sure if Alex was trying to change the subject or not but since Alex's question felt sincere and it certainly sounded more important to answer, Meredith decided to help Alex feel like she could find a friend in Meredith then by trying to answer her question. 
"Who asked you a question you didn't want to answer?" Meredith asked with patient concern. She tried not to lead Alex too much in the process.
"The lady Uncle Samuel is working with. Linda."
"What did she ask you?"
"I was looking at some of her pictures of angels and she sort of asked me what I believe about them."
"Did you not want to answer because you didn't really know what to believe? Or was it because you just don't know her very well? Or was there some other reason you didn't want to answer?"  Alex hesitated and then thought of a better question to ask her as she pulled her blanket up to get warmer. 
"What do you do when you know in your heart that God has given you special information that's only for you and someone else wants to know about it, so they ask you a question for the sole purpose of getting you to talk about it?" 
Meredith could see that this question was exactly as Alex felt and so she decided to help Alex learn to protect her own privacy if Alex really felt she had something sacred to keep between just her and God. As she sat down on the edge of Alex’s bed, she moved over to give Meredith some room. Meredith studied Alex’s face and tenderly swept her hair away from her niece’s forehead before answering.
"First of all, just remember, that anytime a person ignores you when you say ‘no’ to something, then that means they are trying to control you. Now sometimes that's a good thing. For example, when parents need to teach their children about safety. So when a parent tells a child to stay out of the street so they don't get hit by a car, when a little child, such as a two-year-old, says no to the parent, the parent must seek to control their child for their child's safety. So that's when it's a good thing to ignore someone when they say no. 
“Now let me give you an example of when it's a bad thing. Unfortunately there are some adults who will ignore a child who says no and that can be dangerous because if a child feels its right to say no to an adult who is seeking to control them by ignoring the child who says no like with stranger danger then that is not an adult you should trust. Some adults even do this with other adults and it's not good then either. So just remember, anytime you say no to someone about something you honestly feel is right to say no to, and if that person –– whether they are an adult or another child –– if they keep pushing you to do what they want you to do, then they are seeking to control you and that's usually a bad thing. Now, the good news is, that when you say no because you feel it's right to do so and the other person listens, and respects you by not making you do something you think is wrong, then that person is usually a good person and is more trustworthy since they are being respectful of you when you say no. If they don't push you to do something you feel is wrong, then that's a good thing. Understand so far?" Alex nodded yes.
"Now to get to the part of your question about special information from God that you feel is just for you. Let me ask you, have you ever read the bible?"
"Not the whole thing! That's a big book!" Alex gasped in shock.
Meredith chuckled. "I guess what I should've asked was if you've read any of the bible. Have you ever read anything in the New Testament about Jesus' teachings?"
"I've read a little," Alex replied more relaxed now that Meredith wasn't actually requiring for Alex to have read the whole bible and know it all by memory.
"Well there's a scripture in the book of Matthew 7:6 where Jesus teaches us to be careful with how we share sacred things of God and who we share sacred things from heaven with. Sacred things like special information as revelation of God needs to be handled the way God says since He is the one providing it. It's his information, it's His property such as a sacred temple, and He is the one we should follow since He created it. It basically says not to cast your pearls before swine because the swine, which are pigs, might just trample your pearls and show no respect for them. So the pearls are symbolic of those things you feel are a sacred gift to you from God, such as special things that are good that you have learned of the Lord, and the swine, or pigs, are a symbolic of people who are not clean spiritually and who probably don't want to be clean, and people like that are people that you shouldn't trust to show respect or appreciation for the things of God. Does that make sense?"
"Yeah."
"Some people will make fun of God's teachings or will treat divine truths with skepticism and even criticize or insult and mock those good people who are putting their faith in Christ. So you have to be careful who you share your beliefs with and how you share them. You have a better chance of being treated with kindness and belief by those who really want to be close to God and open to His teachings, just as you have a better chance of being made fun of or criticized by those who don't care about God and don't feel they have any need to repent."
"But what if I don't want to answer a question and someone thinks I'm hiding a secret, but I'm not actually hiding a secret? You know?"
"Just remember that a secret is usually when we've done something we feel is wrong and so we try to hide it out of guilt. But sacred things are different. Sacred things are often holy things of God that God wants to keep protected away from those who are insincere."
Alex was deep in thought. "Can I ask you a personal question? You don't have to answer it if you don't want to." Before Meredith could tell Alex yes, Samuel was heard entering through the back door and they both were distracted momentarily as he entered.
"It's me. Samuel," He hollered out. He usually did this anytime he came home and he knew Meredith was in a room where she couldn't see if it was him or not. That way she knew it wasn't an intruder. Both of them would do this as a means for added safety at home. This was one of the few times using a loud voice was okay to do at home. Another time it was permitted was in the event someone needed to yell out for help in an emergency. He then shut and locked the door before he headed back towards the bedrooms.
Meredith went over to the doorway so she wouldn't need to yell loudly. "We're here in Alex's room." She smiled at him and then went back over to sit again on Alex's bed. Samuel walked over and stood in Alex's doorway and gave Alex a tired smile having finally returned home from the office party. He had arrived home only about a half an hour after Meredith and Alex had arrived home. Meredith picked up where they left off.
"You can ask me your question if you'd like," she said to Alex as she gently brushed some hair out of Alex's eyes.
"What do you believe about God? I mean, what do you believe about how to tell when someone is sincere and will respect sacred things of God and not make fun of it?"
Meredith thought deeply for a few moments and then replied, "That's a very good question."
"I'd even say that's a rather profound question, Alex," Samuel said in surprise as he was very impressed with Alex's spiritual maturity.
"Definitely," Meredith nodded in humble agreement.
Samuel sat down on Alex's bed close behind Meredith and suggested, "You could tell her what you told me about the two young men at the airport. Remember? September 11th?" Samuel remembered to turn the ringer on his phone down to low now that he was home and would be asleep soon. He then spoke to Alex. "Your Aunt Meredith was stuck in an airport on the day that the United States was attacked by terrorists back in 2001. There were several large United States commercial passenger planes that were hijacked by terrorists and flown into important U.S. buildings so all of the airports were closed down across the country to keep other terrorists from hijacking more planes. Your aunt Meredith was supposed to fly out to her Cousin Nina's wedding but once they arrived at the airport, they were told no planes were allowed to fly out so everyone needed to wait until they decided it was safe for passengers to fly again."
"I waited for about eight hours, just stuck at the airport with about ten thousand other people..."
"Ten thousand? That's a lot of people," Alex said in shock.
"Yeah. We were all crammed together and we couldn't leave for security reasons. So as I waited, I couldn't help but to overhear a small group of people nearby talking about their beliefs about God. The thing that surprised me the most was that it was two young men who were teaching about three or four adults. I mean, the two young men couldn't have been older than maybe nineteen or twenty at the most, and they were well dressed wearing a suit and tie, they wore clean haircuts, no facial hair, I couldn’t see any body piercing or tattoos. They just looked so mature. So pure – like spiritually pure and wholesome. They looked absolutely trustworthy. These two young men were teaching about God with a kind of peaceful happiness about them that really made them stand out. They taught about so many different things that gave so much hope and comfort at such a difficult time. I wrote as much of it down in my journal as I could," Meredith then looked at Samuel and asked, "Should I go get my journal? Or do you remember which story it was I told you about that you think I should share with Alex?"
"Remember about the king who lived over a thousand years ago or two thousand years ago and the missionaries he met and how he said he'd give everything away if he could learn what they knew?" Samuel gently recalled as he helped Meredith remember the story she heard.
Meredith's eyes lit up in excitement as she suddenly remembered the story. "Right! Yes! Thank you," she smiled and clapped her hands. "This is the coolest thing, Alex! You're going to love it!" Alex was wide-eyed in anticipation and eager to hear the story. Meredith began. 
"The young men in the group at the airport were teaching from a book about a story it's a true story about a king that lived over two thousand years ago. He was extremely wealthy and ruled over a lot of people and he owned a lot of land. He had a son who ruled over some of his people in a different part of the land under his dad's kingdom and the son met some missionaries who visited his land and he was so impressed with how much they knew about God and the great questions of life, that he became a better man. Now his father, the king, eventually met the missionaries. The king was so impressed with the positive changes he saw in his son that he wanted to learn from the missionaries too. So the king asked these missionaries, who were young men, to tell him about the Spirit of the Lord and what it means when God teaches that those who repent will be saved and those who don't repent will be cast off and ousted at the last day. There was one main missionary who answered the king’s questions. The missionary answered the king’s questions by asking the king about his own beliefs. He asked the king if he believed in God. The king said, 'if you say there is a God, I'll believe you.' The missionary was really glad to hear this and he said to the king: 'There definitely is a God and He created all things. Do you believe it's true?' And the king said he believed him and he wanted the missionary to tell him more about it. 
“Once the missionary could see that the king was sincere and that he would believe what he would teach the king about God, the missionary began teaching about the creation of the first humans, Adam and Eve, by reading scriptures to the king. He read to him about how mankind was created in the image of God and how God gave commandments and that transgression was the cause of mans fall. The missionary continued to read the scriptures to the king about the creation of Adam and Eve and how their fall from grace brought about a carnal state of being for mankind and how God had already put a plan in place for redemption through Jesus Christ. This plan was outlined by God even before the world was created. This plan of redemption would be available for all who would believe in Jesus or “Christ” with real intent. And now that man was fallen which means to be separated from God that only the suffering and death of Christ could fix the problem. Only Christ could overcome death by resurrection and that He does this so that all of us can be resurrected when we die and we'll receive a perfected body, just as Christ did through His resurrection. And all of this so that we can return to live with God again as well as be reunited with our departed loved ones after we die if we so choose it." 
"What did the king think about it?" Alex asked intrigued. Samuel was just as eager to hear as well since it had been awhile since Meredith had shared it. Meredith continued. 
"Well, the king was so excited about such good news about Christ's role and the blessings God already had planned for those who believe, that the king asked the missionary, 'What must I do so I can have this eternal life you just told me about? What must I do so I can be born of God and get rid of this carnal side of me, this wicked spirit out of my heart and replace it with God's spirit so I can have joy and not be ousted at the last day?' The king then said something that really surprised the missionary. The king said: 'I will give up everything I own even my kingdom so that I can receive this great joy.' Now the missionary could see that the king was willing to give up his riches, but the missionary knew that it's just as important to give up bad habits and poor choices that make us spiritually weak, so he said to the king, 'If you really want this great joy through Christ, you may have it but only if you will bow down before God and repent of all of your sins. You've got to bow down in faith before God and pray to Him with a belief that you will receive that great joy and salvation. If you'll do that, then you'll receive what you hope for.' 
“As soon as the missionary said this, the king bowed down before the Lord on his knees, and he said a prayer with powerful emotions of sincerity. He said, 'Dear God, this missionary has told me about you, and if you really exist, if what he said is true, will you please help me know it's true? Will you make yourself known to me? And I promise to give up every one of my sins so I can know you and so I can be raised from the dead and saved at the last day.' As soon as the king had finished saying these words, he collapsed as if he were dead." 
Alex gasped. "So did he die? Did he die? What made him collapse?" Alex asked eagerly.
"She's getting there, Alex. Be patient," Samuel smiled.
"After the king collapsed, his servants who were there quickly ran off to tell the queen what happened to the king. So when she came in and saw the king collapsed on the ground, she was furious because she thought that the missionaries had killed her husband. Immediately she demanded that the king’s servants should kill the missionaries." Alex was wide-eyed in shock but decided to not ask any questions and let Aunt Meredith finish the story.
"But the servants knew it wasn't the missionaries fault because they had seen what made the king collapse. They also had seen one of the missionaries work a miracle earlier to help the king’s son and they believed the missionaries were good young men who had the power of God with them so they didn't dare lay a hand on any of them. The servants even pled with the queen. They said, 'Why would you tell us to kill these good men when one of them is more powerful than all of us combined? We would die trying!' Now this really scared the queen because she thought some evil curse might come upon her so then she said, 'Go call everybody! Call everyone in the kingdom to come kill these missionaries!' Now when the missionary who taught the king saw that the queen was set on killing him and his missionary friend, and because he knew the whole reason they were there was because the people in the kingdom were really hardhearted, mean and wicked, and because he had hoped to help them to become good people by learning of God, he knew that if the people of the kingdom got together at the orders of the queen, that a huge fight would break out and the missionaries didn't want any contention. So the main missionary who taught the king, stretched out his hand and raised the king up and said to the king, 'Stand up.' And the king of the people who mistakenly believed might be dead, stood up."
"The king didn't die?" Alex asked.
"Nope. The king stood up in full health and strength," Meredith replied.
"Cool!" She smiled in awe over his miraculous recovery.
"The queen and the servants were amazed to see this. And the king walked up to the people in the room and he began to teach them what the missionary had taught him and everyone in his house including the queen became converted to the Lord," Meredith smiled.
"Wow!" Alex said astonished.
"My favorite thing about that story is that it's true," Samuel said.
"So based on that example of the king, how can you tell when someone is sincere about wanting to learn about God?" Meredith asked Alex.
Alex thought for a few moments and replied, "He didn't make fun of the missionaries. He was willing to believe."
"That's right. Were there any other things that showed the kings sincerity?" Meredith asked.
"He was willing to do what the Lord asked. He was willing to repent by giving up all of his sins," Alex said as she thought more.
"Even his favorite sins he gave up. Because we all have certain sins we don't like to give up. But he was willing to give all of them up. And start completely over with his life. Become a new person," Samuel coached.
"You're both right," Meredith smiled.
"And most importantly, he prayed to God in faith that he really would be saved and feel happy after giving up all of his sins," Samuel added.
"Yeah," Alex smiled.
"Pretty cool, huh?" Meredith said.
"Very cool," Alex agreed. “So he was willing to give everything he had to God.”
“That’s what the missionaries did. I overheard one of the people ask the missionaries at the airport if they were expecting any money for teaching them the Gospel. The missionaries said ‘no’ and told them why. The missionaries had already earned their own money to pay for their own needs so they could preach the Gospel of Christ full-time for free for two years. They had also already done like the king in that they gave their all to know the joy that comes from knowing all of the saving principles of the Lord’s gospel and doing what the Lord asks.”
“They don’t charge any money to be ministers? Wow!” Samuel was really surprised. “You know, come to think of it, no where in the bible does it ever say anything about Christ charging money or asking for donations to preach either.” He thought more deeply and added, “I guess he must have done like the missionaries. He earned his own money in advance to pay for His three year ministry. He was, after all, the best carpenter in the history of the world. Certainly he earned good money offering the best service.”
“That makes sense,” Meredith nodded.
"What else did you hear those guys talking about in the airport? Anything else about God?" Alex asked eagerly.
"Well, we were all stranded for several hours, so yes. I heard a lot more of some very good stuff."
"Will you tell me about it?" Alex asked.
"Most definitely. But right now it's bedtime. So we’ll talk about it some other time," Meredith said as she gave Alex a kiss goodnight.
Samuel then kissed Alex on her forehead and mussed up her hair. "By the way, did you get all of your homework done today?" He asked.
"Yep! Aunt Meredith checked it." Meredith nodded it was true.
"All right then. Goodnight Alex," he said as he and Meredith began to leave her room.
"Uncle Samuel?" Alex asked.
"Yeah?"
"Speaking of homework, would it surprise you a lot to know that a single adult has to earn well over fifty thousand dollars per year just to barely survive? That's just to keep their head above water for one adult no pets, no spouse and no debt can be truly afforded. Does that surprise you?" Alex wondered.
"Not really. But it took me several years of living on my own away from my parents before I started figuring that out. That's part of the reason your aunt Meredith and I moved into a smaller home after finishing the renovations on our last home. Does that income estimate you're talking about have something to do with your school project?"
"Yes, indeed," Alex said in a mock dignified tone. Samuel scoffed.
"If you start thinking about that stuff, you'll never get to sleep," he jokingly warned.
"Goodnight, Alex," Meredith said as she kissed her adorable little niece on the cheek.
"Yes. Goodnight, Alex. Try and get some sleep," Samuel smiled somewhat tired.
"Goodnight," Alex yawned.
Meredith and Samuel left Alex's door slightly open and she could hear them walking down the hall towards their bedroom. She heard them turning off various lights along the way. As they started up a conversation, Alex found it hard not to listen. She got up out of bed and stood near her door to listen.
"You know what surprises me more than the idea of needing to earn over fifty thousand a year to survive?" Samuel asked Meredith.
"What? The fact that she's even thinking of these things at her age?" Meredith guessed.
"Exactly," Samuel retorted. I mean, what kind of kid worries herself with those kinds of problems? That's not something most people even start thinking about until they're in their twenties or thirties," he scoffed. "Some people don't even figure that out until they're in their fifties or sixties."
"Some people never figure it out and that's why they struggle all of their lives financially," Meredith shrugged.
"Well, that's not normal. I mean, do we have a kid who any day now is going to sprout a bleeding ulcer over this stuff? Shouldn't she be thinking about normal kids stuff like if we're going to let her wear makeup or have a pet?"
"You know, it was just a couple of centuries ago that kids her age were mastering farming skills or some other family business because they taught their kids as early as possible to take responsibility to learn and do all that they could to become financially self-reliant through honest efforts. So I'm not so sure she's going to get an ulcer over all of these financial facts of life she's learning about. And I say that primarily because she's young. It's not knowing what she knows early enough that increases the chances of ulcers. Now that she's learning to create her own financial game plan for her later success as an adult, so long as she has the right hope she needs to succeed, she's not as likely to have ulcers. And besides, if she does have any ulcers, it'll be from having to tip toe around Dex back home – not from making mature financial plans now so she can be in a better position to recognize the right choices about money when she's an adult."
Samuel sighed and shook his head. He knew what Meredith was saying was true. Meredith continued.
"Okay. So she's smart. Her particular kind of 'smart' may not be normal, but it's a good thing."
"She's not just smart, she's extremely smart," Samuel warned. "She's got an intellectual appetite for information I'm not sure how to feed."
"Well, remember I told you what the principal of her last school said to Francis and I when we met to transfer Alex to another school?" Meredith asked.
"I think when you first told me, you gave me a few highlights but we didn't have time to discuss it all. What's coming to mind?"
"Her principal was obviously a woman who paid close attention to the feedback of her teachers because at least three of them had approached her at various times with reports that said they felt Alex needed to be in more advanced level courses."
"You mean, like where Alex skips a grade ahead of her class?"
"Or skips two grades. Possibly more."
"Wow!" Samuel was astonished.
"They said they tried to tell Francis and Raylene but nothing ever happened. Nothing was done about it. The school wanted to have Alex tested, but since there was never any follow through by Raylene or Francis, Alex stayed in the grade she was in."
"Well, he may be a negligent father, but not me. If Alex is a student with special needs intellectually that we can help meet to feed that obvious appetite she has for advanced intelligence, I say we feed it and let her reach her full potential. That really ticks me off that Francis hasn't been a more involved father for Alex and Glade," Samuel said with a huff.
"Or Dex. Because Dex might not have become such a bully if he felt more of his Dad's love and attention," Meredith added.
"I'd also like to know why Raylene sleeps so much. That's not like her and it's been going on too long. I just can't help but to see Francis as the problem there too. Doesn't he care about the happiness and well-being of his wife?" Samuel asked hotly. "Did you ever get her to talk to you about what happened? One day she's fine and well as an active wife and mother, always taking care of her kids a fantastic mother and then suddenly she's down for the count and sleeping nearly all day and night? Not available for anyone not even her own children?"
"Look, you know she stopped returning my calls years ago. I don't know what to do. And if I think about it too much..." Meredith fought back tears. "I love Raylene. She's my sister. Even if she's never really liked me, I still love her. But I've tried so many things that I just don't know what else to do. And now since we have Alex we're really blessed to have the opportunity to care for her. Since I'm not sure what to do for Raylene, let's not focus on that. But, thankfully, there is something we can do for Alex. So let's focus more on what's truly within our ability to influence for good rather than what isn't right now." Samuel nodded in agreement and hugged Meredith.
"We're tired. It's late. I'm sorry if I said something that upset you," he said.
"Oh, it's not your fault. I'm so happy to have Alex here and maybe we can help her get the right help at school now that she's with us," she smiled. They broke and she wiped away a tear.
Samuel sat at the edge of the bed and began to take off his shoes. "So, what do we do? Obviously we'll need Francis and Raylene's approval if we help advance Alex in school," he said in tired frustration.
"I've already got it.” She said as she grabbed her toothbrush in the bathroom. “We took care of that in our meeting with Principal McDougal at North Ivy. For whatever reason, Francis didn't want Alex to be a part of those discussions. She waited out in the hall while he essentially put the decision in my hands. I just haven't figured out a way to talk about it yet with Alex. I didn't want her to experience too much change all at once since she had just moved to a new school, essentially got a new family, losing Glade, her pets, and her friends all in one day," Meredith said as she put toothpaste on her toothbrush.
"Well, you let me know when you decide to talk with Alex about being tested and possibly moving her up a grade and I will be there to support both of you one hundred and fifty percent," Samuel said with loving determination. He then walked over and gave Meredith a quick kiss on the cheek.
"Part of me just wants to let her make new friends and adjust to living with us. Maybe we should let her finish out the year and then advance. That way she can at least finish the Triple-C since she’s so excited about it. But I’ll talk to her eventually and I'll let you know," she said. She then began to brush her teeth.
Alex leaned back against the wall in her room next to her bedroom door and she let out a tired sigh. She overheard everything. It wasn't much of anything new since she had already had various teachers over the years ask her after class if she would like to be in a classroom environment that would best suit her needs for higher education and accelerated graduation. Although she expressed some excitement with her teachers over the idea of taking classes that really challenged her, she wasn't sure of what changes might be required of her or if she'd be able to keep her friends. But unlike other times when Alex's teachers would talk to her about it, since they always had trouble getting the needed meetings and basic support of Alex's parents, it had all been just talk so far. Now it seemed Samuel and Meredith were actually committed and capable of turning all of that talk into action. Alex was at least grateful that Meredith was sensitive to her need to not have too much change occur too soon. The idea of her skipping a grade let alone multiple grades scared her as most older kids weren't always nice to younger kids. That was a lesson she learned all too well both at home as well as at her last school as she sought to protect other kids from bullies that were often older. 
And if Alex were skipped into high school, she knew that kids grow taller and stronger in high school and that would be a hard environment to defend herself in –– especially for issues of jealousy which Alex felt was usually at the root issue of most school fights anyway. Some students were already mean to Alex because they thought she was more attractive than they were. So some other students would also be jealous to know young Alex was smarter than them. That could be two ironic strikes against her among classmates and that would make it all the more uncomfortable. 
She quickly hopped into bed and pulled the sheets up over her chest. "Try to get some sleep," was the suggestion she remembered Uncle Samuel said to her just a few minutes earlier. But how could she sleep now when the change of being removed from her new friends and forced to be with others who were not her age could happen anytime like a social bomb that suddenly drops from the sky with little or no warning?



Chapter 10: The Meano-trio


After another day at school, Alex was driven by Meredith over to the home of Julio Lopez so she could work with Julio and Leena on the Triple-C. As they pulled up in front of the Lopez home, they saw a security entrance with a guard at a gate to the entrance of a long private driveway. Once the guard established that Meredith and Alex were on the list of expected visitors for the afternoon, the gate opened and the guard waved them through to drive past the gate and up the driveway.
As they drove up the long driveway, they passed a lush green yard of exotic landscaping and fountains and past the view of a backyard pool in the distance. As they arrived closer to the front of the Lopez home, the driveway curved around to a covered parking spot in the front of a fairly large and rather luxurious Spanish style home. Although Julio's father, Manuel, could easily afford a home twice its size, the more modest five thousand and five hundred square foot, five bedrooms and six and a half bathroom home was easier to keep protected than a larger mansion would be. So Manuel's choice to own this smaller home was more for security purposes than frugality as he was in the business of personal and home protection. He had been in the personal security business for many years and he took great care to follow at home what he so often practiced for his clients many of whom were famous actors, musicians and other famous people. He had built his security firm in California and had enough success to leave it in the hands of others who he personally trained so he could keep his clients in California but move to Kansas to enjoy a more quiet lifestyle and care for only a few, but especially rich and famous clients.
While Alex was in Julio's family library working on the Triple-C with Julio and Leena, Meredith was engaged in a getting-to-know-you conversation with Julio's mom, Lucita Lopez. Lucita, was a rather beautiful Latino woman who, like her husband, spoke English well but with a strong Spanish accent. She was dressed in a comfortable elegance that was only slightly casual but truly Latino in fashion. She was particularly charming and often had something delicious she was cooking and the aromas often tempted the senses and awakened the appetites of any who might be hungry for some excellent Latino cooking. Today was no different and Meredith was treated to a light meal as they talked.
“Manuel learned the business of security through his father. My husband has two main teams working for him. The first team consists of certified electricians and video specialists who install various kinds of security cameras and monitoring systems for both home and business use. The second team is a group of professionals who are specially trained in physical protection a.k.a. 'bodyguards' as well as those who are experts in threat assessment.”
“So you’ve met plenty of celebrities, huh?” Meredith smiled curiously as she sipped on her glass of juice.
“Oh, yes.” Lucita smiled back. “Most of Manuel's clients are in or have been in a profession or family that made them well known and in need of protection from dangerous fans or unintended enemies. Manuel's father had wanted his older brother to take over the family business. But since his older brother didn't want it, Manuel was happy to accept the responsibility for his dad's business. Manuel's father had recently turned over the family business to him and now it’s large enough and successful enough that Manuel doesn't have to travel as often. Oh, I hated it when he was away. He was putting himself between criminals and his clients. I didn’t sleep very well in those days. But…he has always managed to remain safe along with his clients.” Lucita then handed Meredith a plate of fresh tortillas and Meredith removed one with a gracious thank you. Lucita then helped herself to one before setting the plate down.
“So does he see himself as semi-retired? He’s so young for that.”
“Yes and no. Much of the day to day tasks have been delegated so that he can fulfill his more personal dream of being more available at home for me, for our children. You know. For family. Not just financially, but also as a faithful and caring husband and father.” Although Manuel was working in his home office down the hall, he stepped out briefly enough to introduce himself to Meredith.
“Meredith? Manuel Lopez. It’s so lovely to meet you,” he smiled warmly as he offered his hand to greet her. Meredith happily shook his hand.
“It’s nice to meet you too. Lucita has some wonderful food here,” Meredith couldn’t stop herself from sincerely complimenting her gracious hostess for the food.
“I’m sure she does. Too bad you can’t be like me. Married to her so I get to enjoy it every day!” he smiled proudly and both Lucita and Meredith chuckled. Manuel was a well dressed, attractive Latino with dark wavy hair and dark brown eyes and a near perfect warm smile. Meredith liked how especially cordial he was as he showed such a natural tendency for gentleness as they talked. 
In the family library where Julio was working with Alex and Leena, some of the aromas from the kitchen came in and sparked Alex's attention. "What smells so good?" Alex asked Julio.
"That's my mom's cooking. She cooks a lot," he replied nonchalantly.
"You'll smell something good like that almost every time you visit here," Leena smiled wistfully. Not wanting to give Julio the rude impression of wanting him to offer her whatever his mother was cooking, Alex changed the subject.
"So, Julio. How many quotes and references have you found on the subject of retirement?" Alex asked.
"Not very many yet," Julio mumbled as he leaned back in a chair. Julio tried to change the subject. Leena sat comfortably on a jumbo sized black leather bean bag chair as Alex stood leaning against a nearby desk.
"Hey Alex. Where are your crutches?" he asked. He looked at her with an innocent child-like look with his usual somewhat disheveled look in his hair and clothing attire. But he always made an honest effort to dress well enough to get away with it. 
"It was a mild sprain and the doctor said I don't need them anymore."
"Good for you," Julio said cheerfully.
"Okay, so how many?" Alex asked him as she looked him right in the eye.
"How many what?" Julio asked.
"How many quotes and referrals have you found so far?"
Julio shrugged, "Probably not as many as we need."
"So how many? Ten? Seven?"
Julio gave no response.
"Three?" Alex asked nearly pleading in hopes he did something for the team.
Julio shrugged, "Less than one."
"That's zero, Julio," Leena said somewhat embarrassed for him as she rolled her eyes.
"Julio!" Alex exclaimed in frustration loudly enough that it startled him and he accidentally leaned back too far and fell over.
"Son of a grumpy muffin!" he mumbled to himself in pain as he held his head and hid his face for a few moments before rolling over on his side. He peaked out under his arm to look at Alex.
"That's your job. You agreed to it!" Alex chided.
"Alright! Alright! I'll start today!" he said matching Alex's frustration. He then began to crawl in pain like a struggling soldier of war on his elbows and knees over to a set of lower cabinets under a shelf of books.
“And what exactly do you mean when you say ‘grumpy muffin’”? She squinted, bracing herself for an odd answer.
“Definitely bran,” he said as he used his index finger for emphasis. “Not blueberry.” 
Alex threw up her hands in disbelief that he would have issues with bran muffins.
“Really? Bran? Why is bran supposedly grumpy?”
“Blueberry is too cheerful to be grumpy. But bran?... Grumpy.” He said it with his eyes closed as if he were the ultimate expert and the last word on personality types for different foods. Wanting to avoid a futile argument over bakery foods, Alex got back to business.
“You’ve got to get those quotes.”
"I'm not so sure you should hold your breath on his getting it done," Leena whispered a bit timidly to Alex as Julio opened a lower cabinet and pulled out a hidden stash of a large bag of jumbo marshmallows which he placed on his head.
Alex had her arms folded across her chest as she watched him. "Julio, I'm not willing to give up on you yet. How about we come to an agreement? If you can get me just ten quotes sometime in the next week, let's say by one week from today, then I'll go easy on you. But if you don't, there will be consequences," Alex said.
"Plan on whatever consequences you want. But I'm going to get you your ten quotes in a week so your consequences will never be justified," Julio rejoined proudly.
"I'll email you the terms of the agreement later today and you can read over them and if you have any questions, or if you think some of the terms or rules or consequences are too much for you to handle, then you can email me back and we'll negotiate. Agreed?" Alex suggested in a very business like manner.
"No problemo." His answer pushed through a forced smile.
"How about you, Leena? Do you have any pictures yet?" Alex asked in a more hopeful tone.
"I've found several pictures and I've created a few. I also bought a dozen for you to look at today," Leena smiled happily as she opened her laptop. "I think my work is a little too easy, so I added something to my To Do list, if you don't mind," Leena added. She handed Alex her laptop to show her a slideshow of some of the images they could use.
Alex was curious. "What did you add?"
"A website for our team," she said proudly. A basketball was on the floor so she picked it up and began spinning it on her finger.
"Whoohoo!" Alex cried out joyfully. "Let's see it."
"Well, actually, a website is a lot of work, so it's not done yet so it's not live yet. I've only finished about a quarter of it. It will look pretty nice but nothing super fancy though. "
"I didn't know you understood web design," Alex smiled. She was pleasantly impressed with Leena's techie skills.
"There are a lot of things Leena can do that you don't know about," Julio said as he held the bag of marshmallows on his head with one hand and pulled a marshmallow out of the bag with the other hand. "She can pick her nose in the bathroom and clean out both nostrils in sixty seconds or less," he jested. He ate a marshmallow as he smiled.
"Julio!" Leena exclaimed as she dropped the ball in embarrassment.
"If it takes her ninety seconds, then that means she actually washed her hands afterwards," he added teasingly. 
Leena quickly yanked the bag of marshmallows off of his head and said, "At least I do so in the privacy of my bathroom which is a very appropriate place for such personal hygiene maintenance, I might add. Unlike some people who are gross enough to pick their nose in public, Julio," she teased back referring to his occasional absentminded nose-picking habits. She then helped herself to a marshmallow but quickly regretted picking a stale one as evidenced by her facial expression of disgust. “That’s not exactly the healthiest snack on earth," she said as she casually tossed the bag onto a nearby library counter top.
"So how much more time before the website is done?" Alex asked sticking to business.
"Part of it depends upon when our presentation is ready because I wanted to show a few highlights of it along with a brief summary of the overall presentation. But I can get most of it done over the next week."
"These are good pictures," Alex said as she clicked through a slideshow gallery Leena had created.
Leena suddenly remembered something important. "Oh! And I don't think it's a good idea to put any pictures of us up on the website," Leena added.
"I totally agree. Stranger Danger," Alex nodded.
"Unless, of course, it's of Julio picking his nose," Leena said playfully.
"Hey!" Julio protested.
"Yeah. That's all we need is to scare off potential clients with a picture of Julio picking a winner," Alex said in good humored disdain.
"Enough with the jokes, okay?" Julio said.
"You started it," Leena challenged.
"Let's call a truce. Who's hungry?" Julio asked as he stood up and became a polite host.
"You're not about to offer us all artery-clogging, cardiac arrest inducing, type two diabetes provoking s'mores or ham and marshmallow sandwiches, now, are you?" Alex asked cautiously as she eyed his bag of marshmallows.
Julio squinted his eyes in mock resentment. "No. I'm offering you my mother's cooking. Hopefully it's only semi-cardiac arrest inducing," he jested as he resealed his bag of marshmallows and hid them back in the cabinet he originally retrieved them from. Julio then asked Alex, "Where did you learn to talk like that? I want to learn to talk like that."
"What do you mean?"
"You always sound so smart," he said.
"Alex sounds eloquent when she speaks," Leena said as she smiled bashfully at Alex who looked bewildered. "Eloquent is a word I learned last week," Leena added proudly. Alex decided to join Leena on the large beanbag chair. Leena scooted over to make room.
Alex shrugged as she continued to look at the pictures on the laptop. "There you go, Julio. Learn a new, smart, sophisticated sounding word every week and make sure you use it in a sentence two or three times a day and then do it again by learning and using another word the next week. Keep doing that and you'll eventually sound like a college grad."
"Give me an example of a smart word for me to learn," Julio requested. He was trying to be serious but his efforts to fight smiling was due to his being antsy about what Alex might suggest.
Alex handed Leena back her laptop before getting up off of the bean bag chair. She found a dictionary, grabbed it, opened it up to a random page and picked a word. "Ironically, this word isn't a smart one to choose as a way of living, but it's a smart one to learn to avoid so you have integrity."
"What word?" he asked.
"Hypocrisy."
"What's it mean?"
"It's when you say one thing and do another. It's like when you say you don't believe in smoking but you still smoke. Or when you say you believe it's important to be honest, but deep inside you think it's okay to lie whenever you want. But with the example of the smoker, if you’re in a program to help you quit smoking but you haven’t mastered it yet by staying quit, then it’s not hypocrisy. So long as it’s evident that you’re trying to improve to actually live what you believe then you’re not a hypocrite. Because when it comes right down to it, none of us is perfect. Just don’t use imperfection as an excuse to constantly mess up and you’re less likely to be justifiably considered to be a hypocrite or one who practices hypocrisy.”
"Hypocrisy," Julio repeated. “That sounds like a way you could also describe sincere people that try and have integrity most of the time but they’re just not perfect. So ‘hypocrisy’ could describe most people even though most people are good.”
"True.” She replied impressed. “Think about it and use it in some sentences over the rest of the week."
"You sound like one of my English teachers," he said.
Alex smiled graciously, "I'll take that as a compliment." Alex put back the dictionary.
“Hey, Leena. Teach Alex a new word like she’s teaching me,” Julio smiled innocently and unaware Alex was a bit offended by the idea that she would need to be taught something new. Leena could see Alex’s face showed quiet offense and figured this was a good opportunity to see if Alex had a humble side.
“You don’t know the meaning of every word in the English language, do you, Alex?” Leena asked with a clever smile. Alex could tell she was being caught with intellectual pride. So she cleared her throat before answering.
“No. That’s impossible at my age.” She still tried to maintain an air of dignity in her response.
“Do you know what an RA-BFF is?” Leena leaned in close to her and smiled softly as she asked.
“No. What is it?”
Leena clapped her hands and squealed a little under her breath with excitement.
“Surprise, surprise. Alex is clueless,” Julio glowed. He was eager to see Leena get a kick out of teaching Alex something new about friendship.
“An R. A. F. is an acronym for Refined Affectionate Friend or Refined Affectionate Friendship. An RA-BFF is a refined affectionate best friend forever. You really should look it up sometime.”
“You’re trying to tell me that’s in a standard dictionary?” Alex scoffed.
“No. I didn’t say that. But I’ll text you the website for it.” Leena quickly grabbed her phone and typed away. “It’s good stuff! But maybe I should let you know it’s about love and friendship. I haven’t figured out yet if that’s anything you’re interested in since it doesn’t have much to do with money.”
“I’m interested in things other than money,” she said in her defense. “I just haven’t had much time for much else.”
“Is that a problem?” Leena asked slyly as if it were a trick question. Alex looked confused. “Well, I guess we’ll see.”
“I’ll check out the website later.”
“Promise?”
“Of course.” Alex rolled her eyes. She wasn’t sure what Leena was up to and Julio seemed to be getting bored. “In the meantime, let’s just get back to the subject of the Triple-C. I vote that we have everything ready and our first presentation done by mid-October at the latest. Are we all agreed?"
"I'm all for it," Leena said although she wasn't sure how realistic it was.
"Count me in," Julio responded as he led the way out of the library and towards the kitchen. He walked quickly as he so often did. Many times he seemed to shuffle along quickly as he walked.
"Be looking for my email, Julio. It's really important we have our first presentation done on time," Alex said rather pointedly. 
"Be looking for my earth shattering results as your consequences will be useless," Julio playfully shot back.



It wasn't the size of Shelly H. Funk that intimidated other students, as she was only five feet tall and didn't weigh more than a hundred and fifteen pounds. It was the dark cloud that she took with her nearly everywhere she went that gave an ominous vibe to those who were unfortunate enough to cross her path. She had no problems with showing her more immature combative side as she could easily engage anyone in an in-your-face confrontation just as well as she could cyberbully. Her long blond hair often looked dry and frazzled.
She wasn't very pretty as her nose looked oddly bumped and her teeth were fairly crooked. She struggled with acne which completed her overall homely look, something many students, she believed, had no real sympathy for. If there ever were a student that would have compassion on her with optimism for her ability to be kinder and have good friends, Shelly H. Funk was about to meet her, but on her own misguided bully terms as she was too bitterly blind to believe that the girl she was about to target could be the one student that would have sympathy for her homely, bitter plight as Shelly walked right up behind her in a school hallway and shoved her hard to the ground.
"Well if it isn't Alex Opalstone," Shelly said in smug contempt to Alex who was now face down on the ground. "You don't have to kiss the ground I'm about to walk on unless, of course, you know what's good for you," Shelly said in a tone of hollow arrogance. 
Shelly's bully companions stood close by and laughed. Jessica B. Johnson, also a blonde, but somewhat prettier, was about the same size as Shelly. But Sarah T. Lindt, a black girl was far more of a wishy-washy follower than a leader. Despite this, her frequent choice of silence often kept people guessing as to just how much more scary she might truly be.
As Alex stood up and dusted herself off, she gave Shelly a bold look of scorn but remained silent.
"What are you gonna do, Opalstone? Do you think you can punish me with a look of disapproval?" Shelly said as she feigned a look of fear.
"I think she's going to cry," Jessica mocked as Shelly and Sarah laughed.
"So that's it?" Alex fearlessly asked Shelly. "That's how you try to get acceptance?" Alex shook her head in continued disapproval and then turned her back and walked away.
That made Shelly so furious she ran ahead of Alex. "You just made a big mistake, Opalstone," Shelly said with a fierce look that truly made Alex afraid but Alex didn't show her fear. She stopped Alex in her tracks and shoved her back but Alex didn’t fall. Since Alex had noticed earlier that no teachers or other students were around to help her, she was relieved to suddenly hear a familiar voice.
"Alex!" Julio yelled as he ran onto the scene.
"I'll be watching you, Opalstone," Shelly said bitterly in subdued tones just before Julio could get close enough to hear. The three girls then left as they gave both Alex and Julio a look of contempt.
"I see you've finally met the 'Meano-trio,'" Julio said somberly.
"Is that what they call themselves or what everyone else calls them?" Alex asked in frustration as she watched the girls walk away. Only Jessica looked back briefly with a smug look. Alex watched in disappointment.
"That's what everyone else calls them. But don't worry. Even though Shelly will definitely punch you if she's provoked, I think she just needs someone to show a good example for her and give her some sympathy from someone she likes and believes really cares for her. If she found that, I think she'd soften up and be nicer," he said insightfully.
"Funny you should say that. I got the same impression," Alex replied. She really did think that and she was glad Julio had the same thoughts.
"She just needs a good friend. Emphasis on 'good' as in a 'good influence,'" Julio added.
"I think you're right. But she sure does make it harder on herself and harder on whomever it is that would offer that kind of friendship as long as she keeps treating others that way," Alex responded. "What's the name of her other two sidekicks?" she asked
"Sarah Lindt is the short one and Jessica Johnson is the blond."
"And Shelly's last name?"
"Funk."
"Does Shelly or her bully friends ever pick on Leena?" Alex asked intently as she and Julio began walking down the hall.
“Occasionally. Here’s the bottom line: if a girl is pretty or popular or looks like she could be popular, the Meano-trio are likely to bully her."
Alex thought of Leena and knew that she wasn't just pretty, she was very pretty, at least to Alex, and the idea of anyone bothering clean, polite, and beautiful Leena brought on strong feelings of anger within her  "I swear, Julio, if any of them so much as breathe a hint of harm on Leena ever again I'll use their heads as batting practice in baseball," Alex said in subdued tones as she tried to control her seething lava-like feelings.
"Well, look who likes Leena," Julio said flirtatiously.
"Back off, Julio," Alex said tersely as she was in no mood for jokes.
"Look. Alex. If you like Leena so much, do you really think she's going to be impressed with you if you stoop down to their immature level of violence?" Julio asked wisely. Alex stopped and answered. 
"Stooping down? I thought the idea of batting practice would be an upgrade." She was still fuming as she spoke. 
"Okay. Now you're creeping me out," Julio said with some concern. But Alex just bitterly blew him off and began walking again.
"You can't be like them, Alex," Julio said as he followed her until he was again by her side. It was because he admired Alex so much that he expressed his disappointment with her. Alex was known for taking the higher road and he didn't want her to be anything less. "I'm surprised at you. I know you feel in your heart that your anger is not the right answer. You're the most grown up of us all. If you want to impress Leena, better yet, if you want to protect Leena, do what you know is right. Set the right example. That way you and your baseball bat won't get kicked out of school which of course would result in both my parents and Leena's parents saying you can't be friends with us anymore. Focus on the big picture and don't let the Meano-trio get to you. Besides, we've got the Triple-C to finish!" he said encouragingly.
"Success is the best revenge," Alex smiled mischievously.
"That's a better strategy than a baseball bat," he replied.
Alex sighed. "No. I guess I don't even want to use success as revenge. After all, our ultimate strategy for the Triple-C Is to help people. Not to get revenge."
Julio liked what he heard. "Now that's the Alex I've become friends with. Good call," Julio smiled. Alex just shook her head in disbelief that she would get too upset over a few misguided girls. Julio patted Alex on the back encouragingly and Alex smiled. "I'll see you later," he said as he hurried off late to his class.
"Julio!" Alex hollered quickly and waved him back over. Julio ran back to Alex.
"Yeah?" he asked.
"I like Leena, but don't blow it all out of proportion, okay?" Alex said.
"What do you mean?" he wondered.
"Don't turn it into something that it isn't." Julio remained silent and looked confused.
"Look, just don't say anything, all right?" Alex smiled embarrassed.
"About what?"
"The baseball bat idea. I don't want to give her the wrong impression," Alex relents.
"Oh, I get it," Julio smiled.
"What?"
"Beautimous!" he smiled more.
"What?" Alex asked more bewildered.
"Leena must be your new BFF," he replied slyly.
"BFF?"
"Best Friends Forever," he said. Alex looked dumbfounded. "It's cool," he said as he pretended to zip his lips. "I'll see you later," he said as he ran off to class.
"BFF? I've barely known her three weeks," Alex mumbled confused. "Julio!" Alex hollered. "What does 'beautimous' mean?"
"Beautiful to an enormous degree or enormously beautiful!" Julio smiled and yelled back as he briefly ran backwards facing Alex to answer her question. He then turned back and ran down a different hall as the school bell rang. Alex was surprised to see how she liked his odd but creative slang. She then ran off to her class wondering just how much more trouble the Meano-trio would be giving the Success Crew…and how soon.



Chapter 11: Wise Pastor James Talks with Linda Wise


The First Congregation of Christ's Church in Silver Streams, Kansas was led by a humble man who was simply called Pastor James by all who knew him. It was never his intention to grow the church in the way that he did when the previous leader, Pastor Mark, retired and turned over the reins to a then younger twenty something Pastor James. When Pastor James first led the congregation it had only a few hundred members. But now, nearly thirty years later, it had become a large congregation of over eight thousand followers. He built a new church to accommodate the growing flock.
This may not seem significant in a city of nearly one million residents as Silver Streams had, but it was significant to the people that attended his church services as so many were faithful to attend each Sunday. Although only ten years earlier, a larger church had been built to accommodate the growing flock, it was not an ostentatious church house built to impress men with it's price tag as the budget was intentionally limited to build a more modest building.
“I’d rather worship God in a building that is nice enough so as to be respectful to deity, but not so nice that I can’t also afford to care for the poor,” he said to a man who was dusting one of the pews.
“That’s why you reduced the building budget by a million bucks, right?” he retorted cheerfully.
“Absolutely! Spending one million dollars less for a more modest building frees up that much more money to care for the poor. The King James version of the Holy Bible seems clear to me as to the difference between building a simple church to meet in on Sundays versus to building an actual temple or more elegant House of God. Building a temple is quite another thing. That’s only done properly when a prophet of God is instructed to do so. And I am certainly not a prophet. So building a modest church was the more sensible thing to do for our growing congregation of worshippers.” He said this as he looked around and admired the new building. It was less than a month old.
“Amen.” The janitor smiled humbly as he worked.
When Linda Wise parked her car in the church parking lot, she turned off her car, unbuckled her seat belt and turned off the ringer to her cell phone. She sat in her car and said a brief, silent prayer in her heart to recognize when she was receiving the counsel God intended for her and the courage to follow it through properly in a timely manner. She often did this whenever she was about to visit Pastor James which was usually on Sunday. She then got out of her car, locked it, and went into the church. 
Pastor James could often be found at the church on certain weekday mornings and today was no different. As she entered the chapel, she saw a custodial person dusting a beautifully carved holy cross hanging on the wall and she took a moment to think about the great sacrifice of her Lord, Jesus Christ. Although she didn't understand everything about Him, she was grateful for God's sacrifice of His beloved Son. The custodial person then moved on to dust several other items within the chapel as she then continued walking past several rows of pews until she was only a few feet away from where Pastor James was. The Pastor was wearing modestly priced attire that consisted of neatly pressed dress pants and an equally neat dress shirt. He was putting away several books of church hymnals.
As a man who was familiar with the sounds of the church, he had heard Linda's footsteps early on and he turned to smile gently at her before she could reach him. He put away the remaining books in his hands and then reached out to graciously shake her hand.
"It's so nice to see you again, Linda. How are you?" he asked with a sincere smile.
"I'm doing well. Thank you," she happily replied. “This new building is simply beautiful.”
"Thank the Lord for that. How's your new research project coming along? I understand you broke ground yesterday on the new museum. You know I would have been there for you if it hadn't been for the unexpected death of Ms. Burke."
"Things are good. We're right on schedule. And please, don't worry about the fact that you couldn't attend it. The Burke family really needed you and I understand that. By the way, how are they?" she asked intently.
"They're doing about as well as could be expected of anyone for their circumstances. A forty-year-old woman dies of a sudden heart attack. It's not an easy thing to go through–– especially with a divided family. Half of them think she should've followed her doctor’s advice about heart care and taken more responsibility and the other half simply say it was her time."
"Did they ask you what you think?" Linda asked curiously.
Pastor James smiled as he sighed. "Yes. But I don't think they liked my answer. It's not necessarily for me to say whether it was her time or not. But it is always right for us to encourage one another to take responsibility for our choices in life. If she truly did the best she could to improve her own health, then I feel the Lord will know it, and so will she. But if she didn't do her best, there are consequences either in this life or in the next and often in both. I simply hope she did her best to do what was right when she could." Linda nodded in agreement as Pastor James so often shared wisdom that made sense. "So what brings you to stop by? Is there something I can help you with, Linda?" he asked genuinely.
She thought for a moment and then said, "You know I don't usually stop by and visit with you very often. In fact, I can think of only one other time I've visited with you when it wasn't on a Sunday and that was..." her voice trailed as she paused reflectively before finishing her thought.
"Last year. On the anniversary of the death of your husband and daughter," he interjected compassionately.  "Tomorrow is the fifth year anniversary, correct?"
"Yes. Tomorrow marks five years," she admitted quietly. 
"How are you doing? I'm sure you still miss them very much."
"I'll always miss them," she smiled halfheartedly.
"But I'm actually here for something else," she said somewhat relieved to talk about something that wouldn't provoke her to painful heartache.
"I apologize if I came across as presumptuous," he replied sincerely.
"No. You're okay. I appreciate your good memory and concern," she reassured him. "I was just about to ask that although I don't usually visit with you very often, I was wondering if, since I'm working on this new research project, if it would it be okay if I stopped by a little more often to get some feedback from you about some of our findings? I mean, for example, if I visited with you once or twice a month during the week, would that be too much to ask? Because if it is, I totally understand. I know you're a busy person."
"That's not too much to ask. I'm happy to do what I can to make myself available for you," he kindly responded. 
Linda was grateful and relieved. "Thank you so much. I'll do what I can to schedule with you in advance out of respect for your time," she said.
"That would be greatly appreciated. Although if you really need me, you should still feel free to reach me anytime," he smiled.
"Thank you again."
"You're very welcome."
"Well, I won't take up anymore of your time, as I know you weren't expecting me today," she said. She then turned to leave.
Sensing she might want to talk more now, Pastor James asked, "Before you leave, Linda, did you have something else you wanted to ask me while we're here?" Linda turned back to him and let out a brief sigh of relief. She smiled as she appreciated his insightfulness.
"Do you have just a few minutes?" she asked.
"Of course. Please, sit down," he said encouragingly. He was genuinely patient and interested. The two sat down on a nearby pew while the custodial person continued quietly cleaning the chapel in the distance. Linda opened up. 
"Well, as you know, I'm hoping to finish the research my father started before he passed away and you know that I'm hoping that the concept behind the museum will provide more of a unifying effect on the people who come to visit and see the art more than something that stirs debate. It's not my desire to have a debate as much as it is to hopefully inspire others to simply want to get to know the love and goodness and wisdom of God and His mercies upon us all. Hopefully, in that process, the museum will bring people together harmoniously in a good way. There are so many things about this research that can help us understand better that God loves each of us so much. He created each of us as his children spiritually so he loves us more than we think.
“Yes, God certainly does love us more than we know. So, hopefully all true followers of God will be eager to hear new truths about Jesus Christ,’ he smiled encouragingly.
“The one thing I'm struggling with as I learn new things about God from my father's notes, which I feel are true teachings, is the fact that it points out clearly but mercifully that some of the things that many people believe are true are actually false. Still other things are simply misinterpretations of what is true and so there are many of us who are innocently led astray on some things while still being absolutely right about other beliefs about God.
“Well, the bible is clear with warnings for our day that we will learn things that are not true about God. In Galatians 1:9 we’re told to recognize that there could be some who preach of some other gospel other than what Jesus and his apostles taught.”
“It is not my intention to offend anyone as I try to bring to light those things about God which I feel in my heart are true and are supported by God's teachings, such as in the bible’s holy scriptures. The things I'm learning are so positive, so hopeful and so uplifting that it brings me such joy. As I said, God loves each of us so much. We’re his children so he loves us perfectly. He loves us so very, very much. But there may still be some who are offended despite it all."
“Do you recall what our Lord said in Matthew 10:34?” Linda shyly smiled and shook her head indicating that she didn’t recall the lesson. Pastor James patiently reminded her. “It says, ‘Think not that I come to send peace on earth: I came not to send peace but a sword.’ Then he elaborates in the verses that follow. He explains how a son and his father will disagree over what is Christ’s gospel and that a daughter and mother will dispute over the same. Even a daughter-in-law with her mother-in-law. In other words, entire families will be at odds, one against another, simply because they don’t share the same beliefs. When one family member holds onto religious traditions that are not entirely correct but only partially correct, and then another family member tries to show the fully correct path to God, arguments are bound to unfold.”
“Is that the chapter that says we must take up our cross and follow him?”
“It does say to take up our cross. It encourages being willing to disagree with one’s own family in favor of following Christ.”
“There certainly was a division among the people of Christ’s day as he taught them,” Linda recalled somberly.
“John 7:43 tells us of that division. That’s true.”
“Isn’t there an Old Testament prophecy, I believe it’s in Isaiah, where he saw our times and how wicked people have a desire to only hear nice things from prophets. It’s a verse that says the people only want to hear what they want to hear, not what God has to say.” Pastor James walked over to his podium and took down his bible and began thumbing through it.
“Isaiah 30…oh where is that?” He sat back down next to Linda and ran his index finger down a column of verses as he searched for the reference she mentioned. “Ah, here it is.” He read it aloud. “Isaiah 30:10 says, ‘Prophesy unto us smooth things, prophesy deceits.’”
“Deceits. That’s referring to false doctrine?”
“Yes. False doctrine.”
“So people want some leaders of churches or some false prophets to tell them things that are lies about…salvation, morals, right and wrong and to say these things as if it’s true? As if God says it’s true?”
“That’s what that verse means,” he sighed heavily.
“So no wonder some people will be upset over what my father’s discovery reveals about God’s true doctrine. But those that love God will love the truth, right? Those that are sincerely seeking God’s will, those that truly desire to make good choices in life, to follow Christ…they’ll be the only ones that won’t reject God.” She then looked up at the ceiling and shook her head as if to wonder what the world was coming to. Then she had a sudden burst of illumination she shared with Pastor James. “It just occurred to me that, in Jesus Christ’s time, only when people refused to be open to more truth did they reject Jesus. Only those people that looked for a savior that resembled their own ideas of who he should be, how he should reveal himself and, most importantly, what he should teach and do, only those people were the ones that rejected him…or worse. Pushed for his crucifixion.”
“Those that rejected Christ’s teachings in His day were those that scorned him.”
“Only scorners are so eager to start contention. It’s like they live to start a fight.”
“Proverbs 22:10. ‘Cast out the scorners and contention will go out.’”
“Cast out the false doctrine and contention will go out. That’s how you bring harmony!” She was so glad to receive more enlightenment as she spoke with him that she clapped her hands once in joy. “That’s what Christ was trying to do was to bring harmony by correcting the problems of the false doctrine in His day. And His followers had peace while they were with Him. There was peace in the truth of His teachings. The only time there wasn’t peace was when the scorners came along because they preferred the false doctrine. Certainly some of the scorners were the authors or perpetrators of the false doctrine He was dispelling.”
“Yes. Truths like that are so interesting to me.” Pastor James thought deeply for a few moments before being briefly interrupted. His secretary walked quietly up to him and handed him a note about a scheduled food drive. He then smiled a quiet thank you and she returned to her desk. The Pastor continued talking to Linda as he folded the note in half and stuck it in his shirt pocket.
"You've mentioned to me before, if my memory serves me correctly, that this scroll or ancient record you believe your father has learned about is very likely a record of an ancient people even of ancient prophets of God that not only teaches of Jesus Christ to the degree that it answers many of life's greatest questions, but that these answers in truth satisfy the deepest yearnings of the soul. But just as importantly, you feel that this ancient record has been brought to light only by divine power through a man inspired of God, but you nor your father know who that man is. Do I understand you correctly so far?"
"Yes."
"Then here's the bottom line: You simply cannot worry about who you may offend or who receives your discoveries favorably. You shouldn't concern yourself with worries over those people in life who look to turn anything and everything into a debate. There are some people that welcome anything God desires to reveal. There are others that are so closed to anything contrary to their imperfect views that they lock and bolt their hearts against truth. If you were to ask me what I think the chances are for your research or your father's research or your resulting museum being turned into a point of debate by others I think the chances are fairly high that it will be debated by some. Just remember a few things. First, some people care more about debate than about finding lifesaving truths and standing up for them regardless of whether it's truths about God for our individual salvation or truths to save our country or our families or our health or even our wealth. You can often spot those who are more interested in debate because their focus as they talk is more about if they are right and how they are right. They seek recognition and are often proud and at times insulting and contentious as opposed to those who do not seek debate.” He shook his head in reflection as if thinking back on some disappointing memories and then continued.
“But more importantly are those that are more interested in being peacemakers. Those that are peacemakers, those with integrity are more interested in what is right so they can make whatever changes they need in life to do what is right since learning about what is right and then doing it changes lives for the better and often times even saves lives and brings peace. Those who focus on learning what is right so they can become better at doing good are usually not rude or contentious or proud in their language and communications, but they are instead very concerned for the wellbeing of all people who are affected by the revealing of or the hiding of certain truths. 
“Good people, when given a choice, simply seek to expand the blessings that come from following what is right to as many as will freely follow correct principles and teachings to do those things that make themselves and their fellow men better people. Better people make for stronger communities, stronger cities and states and a stronger nation. The good fruits that come from it are clear that way. I mention this because debate so often goes with politics. That's why when I vote, I'd rather elect a man or woman who humbly strives to do good and lead a righteous life over someone who has years of experience in government. A good and honest person that may lack experience in government is still more likely to be humbly led by God through prayer and can be better able to recognize sound counsel and wisdom of others than a proud person who is convinced that he or she will do best to trust primarily in their own experience rather than seek divine guidance such as through prayer when making important decisions that affect the lives of others.
“Someone with humility is a person who's willing to admit they might be wrong in the course of corrective conversation and then be open to implementing better solutions suggested by others. A humble person doesn't have clear ambitions for power. A good person doesn't need to brag. Their life's choices, although at times imperfect, will often be right choices that strengthen themselves and others for good. A good person does what they say they will do and they tend to put principle above their party. They are unafraid to speak for themselves and let the consequences follow because they honestly believe in their heart that what they stand for is right rather than using a spokesperson to take the fall. And if you can find someone who has experience in government and is a good person with humility, that's a good choice to vote for."
Linda was deep in thought as she recognized that what he was teaching her felt like good counsel. She knew he was a man who was unafraid to speak the truth yet sensitive to the audience he addressed. This made him especially trustworthy. She continued to listen intently as Pastor James continued. 
"The next thing to keep in mind is that throughout history, God has always followed a very specific pattern. Anytime God has revealed truths it has been through a prophet He has called and the truths revealed are often recorded as scripture and all scripture that is truly of God does three specific things: First, it teaches about God's character and the full meaning of His will as blessings for humankind. Second, truths revealed by God are intended to bring peace and stop contention by pointing out those teachings of the world or of men and women that are false doctrine. But this brings about peace only to the righteous not to the wicked. Because truths of God, true divine doctrine, justifies the righteous, it also simultaneously exposes the work of Satan as the fallen son of God and adversary of God and thereby more fully condemns the wicked who are inspired by Satan or otherwise misguided by him as he leads them to believe the lie that wrong choices can lead to happiness when in fact his happiness is a counterfeit and that always eventually leads to misery and pain. 
“When the wicked feel condemned as they choose not to follow God's path towards true and lasting happiness, too often they seek to stir debate and justify their wrong choices rather than freely choosing to have a change of heart which causes them to confess their sins to God and those who they may have wronged and choose also to forsake their sins and do what is right in true repentance. Rather than become righteous and truly justified in Christ by His salvation, too often the wicked seek to argue to defend their sins and believe in the lie that there are no eternal consequences and the lie that so long as they don’t kill anyone then whatever they do is right even if the laws endorsed by man allow people to do things that are contrary to real happiness or contrary to God. But true doctrine teaches of Christ and brings peace to those who are righteous who are the sincere seekers of Christ and His salvation. The righteous will find joy in the truths of God.
“The third thing that true doctrine of God provides is multiple testimonies or witnesses of His truths. In 2 Corinthians 13:1, the Lord spoke through one of His apostles saying, 'In the mouth of two or three witnesses shall every word be established.' In other words, true scripture and true teachings of Christ will always be supported by other scriptures and other prophets who witness to its truthfulness. It is also particularly witnessed of by the Father Himself, witnessing through His Holy Spirit. I’m still learning about that myself and all I can say about it now is that God witnesses his truth by peace – a feeling in the heart that only God can give. But He will give that feeling to anyone who will sincerely ask about His truths. 
“So my counsel to you is not to worry because those things that are of God will be supported by Him in ways that can only be done by His power. Things of God are eternal and if there's ever anything about God that isn't clear, it's usually because man mixed it up somehow either accidentally or unfortunately intentionally as inspired of the devil. But God always has a way of making Himself and His teachings clear again by removing the often man made clouds of confusion or disagreement. Sometimes God will withhold truths and revelations of Him because we're not truly ready to hear it. But usually God wants His truths to be understood clearly and accurately and always for our blessings. So go forward with the faith that so long as you pray only to do what's right that things will go right and that there's no problem that can come up that you can't handle because with His power, nothing good is impossible."
"You said basically that sometimes we get truths about God mixed up, sometimes innocently from human error?” She asked.
“Yes.”
“Can you give me an example of that?" Linda asked intently. He smiled and motioned for Linda to follow him over to a shelf of books. They were a custom set of individual books of the bible from both the Old Testament and the New Testament. He removed several books from off of the shelf and began to put them back in different places.
"You see I’ve just moved these books that appear to be possibly out of order.”
“I see that.”
“For instance, many people don't realize that the books in the bible weren't put together in perfect order. That simple fact alone causes many people to misunderstand certain verses of scripture. When John wrote the book of Revelation, some of the books in the New Testament had not yet been written and those that had been written at that time still hadn't actually been compiled yet. It wasn't until many years after John's prophetic writings that the sixty-six books that make up the Bible were eventually compiled into one volume that puts at the end of the collection the book of Revelation.” He then took the book of Revelation and added it to the end of the set before he continued.
“So when people read in Revelation 22:18–19 “For I testify unto every man that heareth the words of the prophecy of this book, If any man shall add unto these things, God shall add unto him the plagues that are written in this book: And if any man shall take away from the words of the book of this prophecy, God shall take away his part out of the book of life, and out of the holy city, and from the things which are written in this book ,” people often misunderstand it. The warning to not add to or take away doesn't refer to either the New Testament or to the whole Bible because it only pertains to 'the words of “the book of this prophecy” which refers only to the prophecy contained in the book of Revelation that many scholars concede John wrote while on the Isle of Patmos.” He then removed again the book of Revelation to show it was just the vision in that book alone that was not to be added to. He then put the book back at the end of the set and led the way back over to the pew where they sat down again as he gave another example.
“Another honest mistake people so often make is that they aren't careful enough to notice that the warning uses the specific words of 'the words of the book of this prophecy' and 'the prophecy of this book' which uses the word 'book' in its singular form to refer only to The Revelation of St. John the Divine as is found in the King James Version of the Bible. Since it wasn't associated with any other books at the time it was written it had to be a referred to as a singular book since it wasn't even included in the New Testament canon until after many long years. Most people also don't realize that it wasn't until long after John left the Isle of Patmos that he actually wrote his first epistle. This means that he himself essentially added to the new canon of scripture of the New Testament after he wrote the book of Revelation.”
“I can see how people would misunderstand what John meant when they don’t understand how the bible was put together to begin with,” Linda said with her brows furrowed as she was learning something new.
“This is a vital truth to understand because it shows that he knew and taught by example that revelation of God continues. The verses in Revelation are similar to what was said earlier in the time of Moses in Deuteronomy 4:2, that says 'Ye shall not add unto the word which I command you, neither shall ye diminish ought from it, that ye may keep the commandments of the Lord your God which I command you.' And in Deuteronomy 12:32, it reads: 'What thing soever I command you, observe to do it: thou shalt not add thereto, nor diminish from it.' If those verses were to be misunderstood by us like the verses in Revelation are often misunderstood, then people would foolishly think it's right to throw out the greater portion of the Old Testament along with the entire New Testament. But unless people are more careful in their studies of sacred scriptures, they are prone to unfortunately get things wrong. So we must be patient with one another in what we learn and teach about God since so many of us are at different levels of understanding. Some people have more of a fullness of God's teachings and meanings than do others," he smiled gently. “God loves us so he sent his Son to provide a fullness of understanding what we need to do so we can feel his love better and eventually live with Him and those we love in a place of eternal love and happiness after we die.”
"Thank you so much, Pastor James. That really helps me have the right perspective about all of this," Linda said gratefully. Pastor James continued to smile understandably as he gave Linda a few encouraging pats on her hand.
"I don't have all of the right answers but the ones that I do have I'm happy to share," he replied humbly as she stood to leave.
"Well, what you said certainly feels true to me. It feels right."
"It feels right and true to me too." He then stood and put his hands in his pants pockets and smiled patiently.
"Thank you again."
"You're welcome, Linda. Have a good day."
"You too."
As Linda left, she decided she would record what he said as soon as she had the chance so she could use it as a guide during her research with her team. She knew his counsel and the peace that she felt should be written down so as to help her remember and also as a means of expressing gratitude to God for helping her to receive it.
"Linda," Pastor James called to her as she left. She turned back around and stopped to listen to him. "There's one more thing I'm reminded of."
"What's that?"
"God always let's us choose whether or not we will believe in Him, believe in his teachings or follow His teachings. He never forces us to do what's right. We are free to choose those things that will bring us happiness and salvation or to choose its opposite through choices that bring us misery and condemnation. But God wants us to make the choices to do what's right and to do so freely of our own will as often as possible to prove what we truly value in our hearts. The freedom to choose was one of the first lessons in the Garden of Eden and the freedom to choose to believe in God and his goodness or to not believe through freedom of religion as one of the primary foundations of our country is what makes the United States so very special and great as compared to all other nations. It's no coincidence that you are seeking God as you are at this time and in this place, a place for freedom of religion, freedom of conscience. Remember that the exercise of ones right to choose what is good and what is right in advance in an anticipation to overcome future temptation is one of the highest forms of expression of ones free will choice any man or woman or child can exercise pertaining to the right to choose freely. The best way to remember this is to live it daily."
"Thank you. I agree. Freedom of religion to freely teach and practice sacredly held beliefs, the freedom to be guided by our own conscience, is indeed one of the most important things that makes America great  –– especially because so many of us still freely choose to believe in and worship God the Father through His beloved Son, Jesus Christ. Personally, I believe that when we worship God we have greater love in our lives which is a key to our own personal and individual salvation, just as Jesus taught  when He said to ‘love one another’."
As Pastor James nodded, smiling in humble agreement, Linda walked away wondering if what she was about to discover would cause even Pastor James to be offended. Or worse. To fight against her.



Chapter 12: Revealing God…and His Enemies


As Meredith pulled her car up at North Ivy, Alex came running over to get a ride home. "How was school today?" Meredith smiled.
Alex removed her backpack and hopped in the car. "Fine. I don't have much homework today," she said as she put on her seatbelt. She closed her door and pressed the button to lock all the doors.
"I got an email earlier from Uncle Samuel’s employer, Linda Wise. She's invited us to attend her first research meeting today. I thought it would be fun to go. Do you want to join me?" Meredith asked just before driving away from the school.
"Sure. Do we have time to go home first and get something to eat? I'm hungry," Alex said. Meredith began to drive them home.
"Of course. The meeting doesn't start until 4:00 pm."
"Why does it start so late?"
"I think it's because Linda hasn't retired yet from her financial business so she works at that for most of the day and then uses her last two hours from 4:00 pm to 6:00 pm to meet with her research team."
"Are there any leftovers from dinner still?"
"There sure are," Meredith beamed.
"Can I have that?" Alex asked.
"I think there's enough for us to share. But only for the two of us," Meredith said with a quick wink of her eye. Alex smiled. 



As Meredith and Alex found some extra seats in the back of Linda’s conference room, they tried not to make any noise to disrupt as they sat down and began listening attentively.
The view Meredith and Alex had revealed something similar to a college classroom setting but on a smaller scale. There were about six rectangular tables that acted as desks with two chairs per table so each of the team members could choose their own table and have plenty of room to spread out any materials they used during their meetings. Robert chose the very front table on the right, Ananias Faust chose the second row table on the left and physicist Spence Albrecht chose the second row table on the right not far behind Robert. Author Eve Brilliant chose the third row table on the left to sit at and Alex and Meredith were also seated on the third row at the table to the right of Eve. Two large dry erase boards were positioned at the front of the room in front of a large drop down projection screen where more technical presentations or videos could be projected onto. Some new plants and a large sixty gallon empty aquarium sat on a long granite countertop in the back of the room next to some hors d'oeuvres and a few pitchers of water.
"Let's go ahead and get started," Linda said as she stood at the front of the room. “I feel that one of the best ways for us to identify the scroll and learn of it’s origin is to understand the teachings it contains. So with that in mind, I wanted to share a few thoughts. Have any of you read the bible but felt that there were still unanswered questions about God and life?” Everyone in the room answered ‘yes’ in near unison. “So would you agree with the analogy that the bible starts a sentence but it seems incomplete or unfinished? Sort of leaving you hanging about truths about God and the purpose of life that you’d like to know?” Again, everyone in the room agreed. Then Linda said something profound. “We will find in our search together that my father has found a scroll…or something that provides the kind of insight into the bible that helps it all make sense doctrinally. These insights finish the sentence. These doctrinal insights complete the sentence the bible started. It compliments the bible. It does not compete with it.”
“Are you saying that this completing or complimenting information will provide…a fullness? A fullness of Christ’s gospel as we’ve only begun to understand from the bible?” Robert asked curiously.
“Something like that. And one of the most important questions it answers is the question most of us have asked at one point or another in life. It answers the question of why God allows suffering. And we will learn that the beautiful answer to that question is a two part answer. First, there is no pain we experience and no suffering or sorrow we go through that he will not make up. God will make up perfectly for every loss, every pain, every sorrow we go through. Some of it gets fixed in this life and other things get fixed in the next life. But ultimately He will perfectly resolve all losses, all pains, all suffering. Every negative thing will get fixed in a way that we will agree is the perfect remedy to make up for our suffering. Secondly, the best way any of us can understand and appreciate more fully how God will heal us and make up for all of our losses and suffering is through a correct understanding of the fullness of the Gospel. Understanding the Lord’s gospel fully and following Christ, doing things in our lives in ways He assures us are the best ways to do things for our greatest happiness and success in this life as well as for the next life is the most important way we can understand why God allows suffering to occur in life.”
“I read in the notes something about going through life, including pain and sorrow, so we can appreciate just how amazingly awesome heaven is when we die. But we could never appreciate or understand joy, like heaven is overflowing with, without understanding its opposites such as sorrow and loss and pain.” Spence noted aloud.
“Yes. We’ll be discussing that section of the notes eventually.” Linda replied.
“Would you feel that one way, an important way, to describe the gospel of Jesus Christ is that His gospel blesses families?” Robert asked further.
“Yes. It blesses individuals and families.” She said almost reverently. “I believe that’s the sole point of what Jesus Christ is all about.” Robert nodded confidently in agreement. He was glad to see that she viewed it the same way he did. She then took a few minutes to tell the group of the enlightened perspective she received from Pastor James recently about the research and about how some people follow the pattern of apostasy by rejecting the words of prophets God sends us.
“But, thankfully, the righteous are not contributors to apostasy. It’s the righteous that are most open to hearing more of the word of God. It’s the righteous that are willing to believe the truth of all things and let God speak as he will when he will and to whom he will,” Linda added.
“Pardon me,” Spence raised his hand. “What’s an apostasy?” Eve replied without hesitation.
“Every dispensation of people have gone through a period of time that led to apostasy.” Eve said. It was clear she was thinking deeply as her brows furrowed and she leaned back in her chair. “What creates the apostasy is people doubting revelation given to God’s chosen prophets. People begin to harden their hearts against truth, against God’s revealed words, against His great plan for our happiness. In every dispensation there are some people that reject the truth, mock the truth or spread lies so good people seeking the truth can’t find it as easily.”
“Spread lies? What lies?” Spence asked innocently.
“Well, lies about who God is, for example.”
“That’s an excellent point!” Robert added eagerly. “In Jeremiah 2:11-13 and Jeremiah 16:19-21 there are prophesies being fulfilled in our modern day times. In Jeremiah 2:11-13 it basically says that a nation changes its God to be no God. Changing the glory of God into a way that can’t benefit anyone. Then in Jeremiah 16:19-21 it talks about people in our times being taught false doctrine. It talks about many of our religious traditions being made up of lies, straying far away from the gospel Jesus himself taught. It sounds pretty clear to me that it’s prophesying about people waking up, right here in the United States of America, waking up to the truth about God and the true gospel of Jesus Christ. It reads, ‘The Gentiles shall come unto thee from the ends of the earth, and shall say, Surely our fathers have inherited lies, vanity, and things wherein there is no profit. Shall a man make Gods unto himself, and there are no Gods?’ Isn’t that what some men have already done? Redefining the meaning of God and doing so in a way that contradicts what Jesus Christ taught. Redefining God in a way that makes a God that isn’t really God and then circulating that false and confusing information into specific churches that will allow such a false definition.”
“Isn’t this interesting?” Eve asked openly. “Doing that breaks the commandment God set forth in the Ten Commandments.” She said this before tapping her pen a few times on her desk and raising an eyebrow as if to give Robert a confirming look.
“Which commandment is that?” Spence asked curiously.
“Thou shalt have no other Gods before me,” Eve replied naturally. “For example, when people get together and agree that the official definition of God is one that describes him, in part, as one that is unembodied…”
“A God that doesn’t have a physical body, right?” Robert asked.
“Yes,” Eve clarified. “If people agree to worship a god that doesn’t have a physical body or any emotions then they’re basically agreeing to not worship Jesus Christ.”
“You know that’s such a good point,” Linda said as she walked closer to Eve. “Any man or woman that disregards the concept of an embodied God disregards the teachings of the New Testament and the Old Testament. They disregard both the mortal and the resurrected Christ. So to disregard such is to disregard Christianity.”
“Just speaking for myself, as a Christian, I have no interest in disregarding the teachings of the bible that prove a correct definition of God is just as Christ taught.” Robert added warily.
“Same here,” Eve chimed in as most of the rest of the group agreed. “Especially since so many different verses in the Old and New Testaments describe God as having a face, a mind, eyes, ears, a mouth, hands, arms etc…” she paused to look up the references in her notes. “Revelation 22:3-6, Exodus 19:9, John 12:28-29, Numbers 12:5-8, Hebrews 1:1-5, Philippians 2:5-6, 1 Corinthians 11:7, John 20:27, 1 Corinthians 8:5-6, Genesis 3:22…”
But before she could finish her references, Robert eagerly requested, “If you have a list of scriptures that show God has emotions…”
“Passions? Emotions?” Eve responded confidently. “Yes.” She then quickly ran down another list. “Love… John 3: 16. Anger… Jeremiah 4:8. Fury and anger… Jeremiah 44:6. Hate… Jeremiah 44:4. And God is also long suffering, merciful and gracious. That’s in Exodus 34:6. His emotions are perfectly appropriate, perfectly timely. Perfectly suited to match the circumstance. He’s temperate.”
Then Robert quoted a verse. “In Philippians 2:5-6 it says ‘Christ Jesus’ was, in reality, ‘in the form of God.’”
“And several verses also show how God the Father, his Son Jesus Christ and the Holy Ghost are one in purpose but not one in body. But don’t take my word for it. Read for yourself in verses such as Matthew 26:39-42, John 17: 20-22, John 14:26, 1 Corinthians 8:4-6, Ephesians 4:5-7, John 15:26, Acts 2:38-38, Matthew 12:31-32, Mark 1:10-11, Luke 3:21-23, Matthew 3:15-17, John 17:3-5, John 14:28 and Acts 7:55-56.
“Even Jesus Himself taught us that it’s super important to have a correct understanding of God. He said, very clearly, that it’s both possible to know God and desirable to know God. The fact is, how can we exercise faith correctly in a God we can’t accurately identify?” Robert mentioned openly.
“The bible will back you up on that too,” Eve smiled confidently. “See for yourself in John 17:3 when Jesus teaches us that it’s ‘life eternal, that they’ meaning all of God’s children –– obviously including all of us here today –– ‘might know thee the only true God, and Jesus Christ, whom thou hast sent.’ Jesus used the word ‘know’ in that verse. The word ‘know’ means not having to guess but to have accurate information. And since He described it as ‘life eternal’ He’s saying that salvation requires we have that information right. How quickly does God want us to have His salvation? Ideally A. S. A. P.”
The room became quiet with the exception of some in attendance flipping the pages of notes to look for other references or write truths they were learning.
“Please feel free to ask any questions or point out anything that stands out to you so far about my father's notes,” Linda said openly to the group to encourage more discussion. Robert was the first to comment. 
"If you don't mind, I'd like to mention a basic pattern that I've seen in his notes here," he said to Linda as he opened up to a page in his copy of the notes.
"Please tell us your thoughts." She said as she sat down in a chair that faced the group near the front.
"It seems to me that he has a pile of scriptural references marked in various colors. On the first few pages he's clearly marked 'Old Testament' and then it looks like he's written the book, chapter and verse number he's referring to with his notes." Robert then turned over a few pages and said, "But then by page three, it looks like he thinks it takes too long to keep writing it out that way and after a few attempts to modify them into a form of shorthand, it seems by page four that he ultimately ends up simply writing what appears to be the bible page number and then the verse number. Now he starts doing this in brown ink. It seems clear to me that he's using the King James Version of the bible or what some of us simply refer to as the KJV bible which was first made available to people several hundreds of years ago.” He looked over his notes briefly and continued.
“I mention the brown ink and the KJV holy bible because, for example, his later reference to '1139:7' seems to be calling attention to the book of Amos 3:7 since his notes say 'God often waits to do things –– especially regarding the destruction of a land or people –– until he first tells His prophets what He'll do so that prophets can then warn anyone who will believe. This is a pattern of love from God to give us a chance to be ready so we don’t have to suffer from the destruction with the wicked but rather to instead be protected by His Divine Providence because God is merciful to those that obey his laws for happiness." He then looked to see if everyone understood what he was saying.
“May I ask you a question?” Eve politely asked with her hand respectfully raised.
“Of course.” Robert answered casually. “We’re all here to contribute together, right?”
“You mentioned how Amos 3:7 shows us a pattern of God, that he speaks to us through his prophets. Have you noticed the pattern throughout both the Old and New Testaments that the righteous people believe them because they are humble and teachable? The righteous are more open to Gods truths but the wicked are not open to any more truth. The wicked don’t want more of Gods words. The wicked don’t want to hear that God has something new to say that is especially for the period of time they live in. So there is also a pattern of wicked people disbelieving those same prophets God sends us.”
“Yes.”
“Have you also noticed that disbelief occurs, in part, from priests and ministers changing the teachings of God to suit their own preferences so they can basically create their own religion rather than let God be the one that guides them?”
“Yes. It’s a sad pattern.” Robert reflected on what he’d noticed about the pattern and added, “I actually think we’re seeing that pattern again today.”
“That’s exactly what I was about to say. There are people today, good people that would honestly believe God would again send prophets to teach us today. But there are, unfortunately, others, more wicked and proud people, that would probably never believe it if God had followed his pattern again by sending us prophets to teach us today, in modern times.” Eve shook her head in disappointment that some people would be so incorrigible.
“It’s interesting,” Robert said thoughtfully. He then moved his chair around so he could see everyone in the group more easily. “In Moses time, he was the prophet God had called to save his people from both spiritual destruction as well as physical destruction. The people in Moses’ time didn’t rely on just the teachings of the previous prophet. They had different circumstances than the people of the previous dispensation. So it made sense that God would have a new prophet teach his people what they needed for the times they lived in. It was the same with Noah. God called Noah to teach the people of that time period what they needed to learn and be warned of for their unique circumstances. They didn’t rely just on the teachings of the prophet before him. Neither did the prophet Jacob or the prophet Jeremiah. Otherwise, why did God continue calling new prophets?”
“Clearly, God has a pattern that he keeps since God is an unchanging God. He reaches across heaven down here to earth to ask someone to do his work for him. To teach his words to his children for him. The men he has asked have always been men that were humble, men that never expected God to ask it and men that always gave the same promise to those that heard the words.” Eve added like an after thought.
“What promise?” Spence asked curiously. He then began shuffling through some of his papers thinking he might have recalled seeing something relevant.
“That if anyone that hears the words wants to get a confirmation from heaven for themselves by praying, by asking God if the things being taught are true, God will confirm it if it’s true. That means that if the teachings are true then the man teaching them is actually called of God. He’s a prophet. Then after other prophets, the long awaited fulfillment of the greatest prophet was fulfilled when Christ Himself was sent of the Father. Time and time again, God hoped people would believe the prophets he sent to teach us as his children. Although many people believed and were saved, the ending in each dispensation was the same. 
“How do you know God will confirm truth?” Spence asked somewhat skeptically. He had stopped looking through his notes in favor of catching what ideas he could from the ensuing discussion.
“Matthew 16:13 - 18. Specifically verse 18.”
“Which means…” Spence waited impatiently for Robert’s reply.
“Jesus was asking his apostles who they thought He was. They gave some suggestions of the rumors other people were spreading. Rumors like maybe he was John the Baptist returned to life or that he was Elias or Jeremias or one of the past prophets. Then Jesus clarified his question. He said basically, but who do you say I am? He put the question back on them. Then Peter said, ‘Thou art the Christ, the Son of the living God.’ Now that simple reply was huge. It broke ground for what Christ was there to do. Jesus was thrilled that Peter was finally understanding and was setting the exact good example Christ hoped for. The reason why Peter’s answer was so important was because, as Jesus taught, God the Father was the one that taught it to Peter. God the Father helped Peter to know for himself by personal revelation that Jesus was and is the Christ, exactly as he said it. The very Son of the living God.”
“I’m sorry,” Spence chuckled. “I’m still not following you. Could you expound a bit further, please?”
Robert smiled with an abundance of patience and clarified kindly. “Jesus taught Peter and the rest of his disciples, in that moment, two very important things about revelation from God. First, that God gives each of us personal revelation to teach us what is true and to guide our lives. Secondly, that it’s through revelation that God still leads his church, just as He did with Adam, Noah, Abraham, Moses and others. In other words, there is a promise with any truth we hear from someone else. We don’t have to take some pastor’s word for it. If some minister or priest tells us something about God and we want to know for ourselves if what we are learning is true or not, all we have to do is ask God. Pray to God with the kind of heart that is both willing to believe the truth and then to do what God asks us to do with the truths we receive. We don’t have to just take someone else’s word for it. God will tell us himself.”
“How?”
“In verse seventeen, Jesus explains, basically, that the revelation came through the kind of power that can’t be created by man. No human could convince him of that saving truth. It was by the power of God that Peter came to know what was true about the sacred identity of Jesus Christ.”
“A power not of this world.”
“Yes. Heavenly power. A divine power not of this world.”
“I wonder if that’s where John began to understand that promise for himself. If he didn’t learn it there, with Peter’s inspired answer, then he learned either before it or after it that God would show us what’s true and what isn’t. I mean look at what John 7:17 says,” she said as she pointed in her copy of a KJV bible. “It reads, ‘If any man will do his will, he shall know of the doctrine, whether it be of god or whether I speak of myself.’ Both Peter and John were actively doing the will of Christ, which means doing the will of God. So they knew that the doctrine was of God and from just some guy teaching some of his own made up stuff.”
“And what about wicked people in the past changing things in their churches. Creating their own teachings. Doing their own thing. That’s a pattern in the history of mankind too?” Spence asked. Robert didn’t hesitate to answer and he couldn’t help but to stand as he spoke.
“They changed the way they worshipped to satisfy their own wants and to justify wickedness and they usually tried to kill the prophets. They were killing the true prophets, the prophets sent of God who tried to fix it or tried to discourage the false worship. Eventually, God decided to be even more clear with His teachings. God figured that certainly if he sent his own Son that the people would accept Him. But even though many did accept Jesus as the only begotten Son of God, there were powerful people who didn’t. Priests and rabbis didn’t. So they provoked an illegal order to execute or kill Jesus.”
“You said they changed ‘the way’ they worshipped. Since Jesus Christ is ‘The Way’, in fact, He is the only way, to salvation, they changed the meaning of God and His purposes and even the purpose of life.” Linda added.
“Then Christianity was labeled as a cult.” Eve chimed in.
“That’s true.”
“If you were a Christian just a few years after Christ’s death and subsequent resurrection, you were targeted for extermination for belonging to that cult called Christianity,” Eve said as she rolled her eyes at the thought that followers of Jesus, good people, could be labeled as a cult. “That’s so stupid to me that people could be so ridiculous to call them a cult when all they were doing is being kinder to one another, more gentle, loving, living lives of greater integrity and compassion.” Robert nodded his head and smiled in agreement. He then continued.
“Some of those that practiced false forms of worship weren’t evil but they were just misguided.” Linda chimed in. “Page 45 of my father’s notes, in the margins, is written how people misunderstood the teachings of Peter when Peter said that all you had to do to be saved is to believe in Jesus. But Peter learned about how people in his day were misunderstanding what he said so he clarified that obedience to the Lord’s commandments was essential to qualify for the grace of Jesus’ great atoning sacrifice. Even Jesus said obedience is needed. James also confirms that obedience is needed. The scriptures that correct the misunderstanding of Peter’s words in the bible are clear. In Romans 6:15 it reads: ‘What then? Shall we sin, because we are not under the law, but under grace? God forbid.’ And in verse sixteen we are reminded that whomever we obey, we’re servants of, whether to be servants of sin by obedience or to God’s righteousness by different obedience. Just read Romans 6:12-16.”
“That’s right. I’m looking at that page now in his notes. Jesus knew people would be mislead by some to think that simply saying Jesus’ name or believing alone wouldn’t be enough. That’s why he ended His Sermon on the Mount in a very specific way that’s quoted in Matthew 7:21. It reads, ‘Not every one that saith unto me, Lord, Lord, shall enter into the kingdom of heaven; but he that doeth the will of my Father which is in heaven.’ So Jesus is saying righteous words spoken are not enough. Righteous works must be done and He is the one to say what righteous works we are to do. And that’s what we’re learning about.” Robert agreed.
“So although salvation is a free gift of God through the sacrifice of Christ’s death and atonement, we must do good works ––even though the good works won’t save us. Right?” Eve asked.
“That’s right. Good works won’t save us. Only the grace of Christ’s gift of His great atoning sacrifice can save us. But in order for us to qualify to receive the great gift of His salvation, the Lord says we must do good works.”
“James also wanted to put an end to the confusion of what the Lord requires of us. He said faith alone isn’t enough and that there are works we must do to be saved. That’s in James 2:14-20. Look especially at verses 14 and 20. He says even the devil believes in Christ Jesus.” Linda said as she pointed at the verse in the bible.
“But the devil doesn’t do any righteous works. Satan doesn’t do any good. So I’m going to say it’s probably a bad idea to just simply believe and thereby neglect to obey the Ten Commandments and all of God’s laws since even the devil neglects to do so.” Eve was half-chuckling since she thought what she said seemed pretty logical and that most people would agree with such common sense.
“Yeah…there’s a word for doing whatever you want or ‘sinning’ in any way you want and not worrying about having a conscience over it. When you ‘sin’ and feel no regrets it’s called sociopathy.” Spence chuckled adding more logic to Eve’s comments. “Aren’t most sociopaths in jail right now if they aren’t out on the streets committing some horrific crime?” He chuckled more. Although most everyone in the room understood he was speaking the truth about such disturbing psychology, no one else laughed.
“We’re not here to criticize other churches. Right?” Robert asked addressing everyone in the room.
“That is absolutely correct.” Linda was glad he took the high ground. “Other churches may criticize other churches but I’d prefer us to be better than that.”
“I agree.” Eve added humbly feeling bad for any disruption she may have caused by her previous comment “Besides. Most people that start a church are honest people. They’re trying to do a good thing… even if they may be mislead and thereby innocently mislead others.”
“Do you think if we uncover information about Christ’s Gospel that proves other churches are wrong that the pastor that runs the church will just say ‘Oops! My mistake.’ And actually tell his flock how he was wrong?” Spence wasn’t entirely convinced that most people that owned or started a church would be so willing to admit an innocent mistake.
“The honest ones will.” Linda was confident.
Spence laughed quietly to himself. “I’d give a hundred bucks to see that.”
“You don’t think there are honest pastors in this world?” Linda countered.
“Look. You’re saying that if this project proves how some or many churches are…misguided,” Spence was looking for polite words to use. “…then they’d let go of the money? You really think they would not only admit they were wrong but then shut their doors to go join the better or more correct church? That would be one humble preacher to just quit and go get a regular job like everyone else so he can attend a different church.”
“Well believe it.” Linda replied politely. “Because those honest people exist either as pastors or regular people that are part of a congregation.”
“Okay. Okay,” Spence held up his hands briefly as if to surrender. “I’d like to know which church admits they were mislead and closes its doors if we discover something that they admit is correct that they didn’t understand before… especially if it proves them wrong.” He then asked curiously, “Are there some churches you already think are wrong?”
“Not at this time,” She replied honestly. “It’s my personal belief that it does no good to criticize another church by name. What we’re doing is discovering correct principles so we can better recognize truth from error and the doctrines of God versus the doctrines of man. I’ve met pastors and other good people that have told me that if Christ were to send them a message today, in these modern times, that He Himself has put His original church back on the earth then they, as pastors, would close the doors of their church and send their flock to His church or, if they hadn’t started their own church, that they would stop going to the church they were attending and begin to go to His church instead. Honest people are eager to learn what God has for them and to do what the Lord directs.”
“I completely agree.” Robert said. “Do you mind if I share another thought about accepting versus rejecting God’s chosen prophets?”
“Please do.” Linda answered kindly.
“When someone teaches the wrong things to people about God or teaches the wrong things about what’s needed to be saved then the one teaching is misguided… that is if you’re not intentionally trying to get fame or praise instead of honestly being interested in saving the souls of people. But either manner of teaching rejects the prophets, either innocently or by willfully rebelling.” Robert added solemnly.
“So that means that in every dispensation, after people rejected and drove out the prophets, there was an apostasy from Gods saving truths. This was followed by several years of people living without prophets and therefore without enough saving truths and lawful ordinances. Then in his repeated pattern of mercy, God called and sent another prophet to teach the new dispensation of people his laws for happiness and salvation. That pattern repeats over and over and over ever since the time of Adam.” Eve looked at Robert for confirmation to see if he noticed that same pattern. He nodded, again, that he had.
“It’s an amazing cycle of human history.” Robert said thoughtfully. “And certainly the holy word of God is the most accurate record of human history we have.” He said half-smiling from a mix of emotions. He was grateful for God’s perfect and eternal love for each of us as his children. Grateful for the Lord’s tireless efforts, refusing to give up on his children over the centuries and yet, sadly, so often there were only a few that accepted God’s love and ways for happiness.
“Please forgive me,” Spence said with his hand raised. “But I just was wondering if we’ve confirmed yet what the colors mean about which holy writings come from which sources, such as which ones tie into the Old Testament, which ones tie into the New Testament and which ones tie into the scroll? And what do you think he was doing by this…numerical sort of system he used in his notes? Will any of this actually tell us what God is or what God looks like?”
“We will definitely be discussing today the answers to what God looks like and what God is,” Linda smiled.
"Most definitely!” Robert smiled broadly. He sat back down and grabbed a paper he had set aside.” But before we get to that, let’s really quickly answer the first part of Spencer’s question. Basically Linda's father Jacob has essentially created his own shorthand to more quickly write out what verse or verses of scripture he was studying." Robert clarified. He then thought for a moment and made a suggestion for the group.
"I think as we discuss Jacob's research that anytime we refer to his notes that we should differentiate them from actual quotes from scripture. So I propose that anytime we quote a scripture from his notes or quote a scripture from our own notes that we preface our reading of it aloud by saying 'the scripture reads' and then read aloud the actual scripture as a quote. Then, if we refer to his notes and read them aloud here in our discussions, we know the difference between an actual quote from scripture as compared to his summary of what the scripture says when he clarifies his understanding of actual scriptures by book, chapter and verse. So unless we preface a quote by actually saying, 'the scripture reads' then we'll know it's only his summary understanding as notes and not an actual quote of scripture as far as we can tell. All agreed?" He said as he raised his own hand. Everyone else in the room nodded and raised their hand in agreement. The discussions then continued.
"You also mentioned the colors. What do you think the different colors mean?" Eve asked.
"May I?" Robert motioned to the board to ask Linda's permission to use it. She nodded for him to go ahead.
"Thank you." He stood back up and picked up a marker and walked over to the large whiteboard. He began writing which colors he thought referred to which scriptures. "Brown refers to the Old Testament. The color dark blue is obviously referring to the New Testament including, of course, the books of Acts to Revelations of the KJV because the reference in dark blue ink of '1195:48' appears to be referring to Matthew 5:48 as the notes next to it say: 'the only way we can be perfect is through the great atonement of Jesus Christ and it is a commandment of God the Father to do so and accept the sacrifice of His divine Son, Jesus the Christ, so that we may be as God the Father and Jesus Christ so that we may also be perfect.' So I've figured out what the brown colors are and what the dark blue colors refer to but I haven't figured out the connection between Jacob's use of the word 'scroll' in light blue is or what '39/17=36' means that's also written in light blue," Robert mentioned curiously as he went back to stand by his desk and then thumbed through various pages. "If anyone else has gotten further than I have please let me know," he said briefly looking up at the group as he continued to thumb through his notes.
"You know what comes to my mind is the book of Genesis. Even though the reference of '39/17=36' appears to somehow relate to the scroll and is written in light blue, the notes for it say 'Jesus Christ created the earth as Jehovah for the purpose that God's children should live on it and own it and experience joy.' That just brings my thoughts back to the first few chapters in the book of Genesis in the Old Testament," Eve added thoughtfully.
"Although that makes sense, there aren't any notes I see right now that connect that light blue reference to any brown Old Testament references," Robert said as he still searched through the two-inch thick draft of notes Linda provided.
"While you guys are searching for the significance behind the use of the light blue color, I just wanted to ask if any of you took a look at his notes on page thirty-two about God. Does anyone have any thoughts about page thirty-two they're open to share?" Spence asked.
As Eve turned to page thirty-two of Jacob's notes, she said, "As I recall, I believe I marked a few things on that page as I went over it. Here it is. If you'll look near the middle of the page it has written in light blue notes that 'God has a glorified and perfected body of flesh and bone.' It also says that 'God is our merciful and loving Father in Heaven.' That makes sense to me since He is perfect and we're told in Genesis 1:26, as the scripture reads, 'And God said, Let us make man in our image, after our likeness' and in verse twenty-seven, the scripture reads, 'So God created man in his own image, in the image of God created he him; male and female created he them.'
"Also in light blue ink his notes read that he has emotions like we do although he is in perfect control over them. 'He is overjoyed when we do what's right and he cries with us whenever we grieve or are in pain.' Then it also says that prayer was specifically designed so he can communicate with us as well as our being able to communicate with Him." Spence said curiously.
Eve thought more then added, "I like that more notes say, 'He intended for us as His children to be successful in life,' and that, 'life is an opportunity for us to experience growth and to learn.' Then it reads, 'Our Father in Heaven in His mercy has made a way for us to come back to live in his presence.' "
“Welcome to University Earth. This is a course called Life 101,” Spence half-joked. “I’d believe it,” he added with a grin.
“Yeah, I like that.” Robert nodded.
“That makes perfect sense to me that a loving Father in heaven would want so eagerly for each of his children to return to him and live with him again.” Linda added wistfully. “I mean, think of those parents that have missing children. They are such unfortunate parents but their love for their children drives them to hang up pictures of their missing child all over the city and to travel wherever they think they need to go to find their child literally year after year after painful year. They never, ever give up. Their love is forever and they never forget their child. To have their child back means everything to those parents. Although God knows exactly where each of us is, we are spiritually lost without His salvation. So he’ll never give up trying to help us find our way back home through his plans for happiness.”
Spence chimed in as he continued reading the notes. " 'The only way to do that is through obedience to God's commandments which helps us become pure and clean while our disobedience further separates us from God. Obedience to His commandments and making good choices is the way we show our faith and our love for God.' " He then looked to Robert to see what his thoughts might be about that reference.
"What seems like the key point in all of this is that the atonement of Jesus Christ is the foremost part of our Heavenly Father's plan. Both Christ's suffering and death on the cross along with His suffering in the Garden of Gethsemane is what constitutes the Atonement which gives us the strength to face life's challenges because we have a better world to look forward to for ourselves in this life as well as the next life specifically because the Atonement of Jesus Christ frees us from the stain of our sins. This makes it easier for us to have faith in the blessings God intends for us through the Atonement of Christ." Robert added. He then returned to the large dry erase board to write again.
"This is a God I've never even heard of before. Is anyone else surprised to learn this?" Spence asked timidly.
"Yes! I love it! Don’t you?” Eve asked excitedly.
“This is really exciting truth, isn’t it?” Linda smiled with agreement matching Eve’s excitement. “Some of this is new to me too, but not all of it."
"And it gets even better. Apparently there are teachings of Christ that the scroll refers to that help us to understand that God states that little children are so important because of their purity that all little children who die before an age where they can understand the basics between right and wrong – such as the age of eight – those children who die before that age immediately inherit the highest blessings of salvation in His highest kingdom of heaven. So little children are considered perfect and already saved by God no matter what. That’s wonderful to me! That is incredibly good news!” Robert smiled widely. “And we’ll talk more later about that highest level of heaven." Robert said eagerly. Everyone in the room looked to be in pleasant shock over the immediate blessings of salvation for infants and other children. He then referred to a sheet of paper with his own notes on it. 
"Out of the roughly four hundred pages Linda provided us of typed up notes from her father, more than half of them were written in this light blue ink that clearly represents this scroll or ancient record he somehow learned of. Now here's some of the things that I noticed." He then drew a series of bulleted points and proceeded to write down various core points. God is our merciful and loving Father in Heaven, We are God's children, God seeks to bless us, His gospel blesses individuals and families, His gospel includes a plan for us which outlines both His role in our lives and our role in His life, Why He created the earth for us to live on, One of the first lessons in the Garden of Eden: God encourages our freedom to choose right from wrong.” As he continued speaking, Meredith quietly grabbed a few snacks from the counter behind her for her and Alex to enjoy. She then sat back down and Alex was the first to enjoy a refreshment 
"Now this last point about choosing between right and wrong ultimately encourages our freedom to choose our own destiny of happiness or misery, success or failure." Robert continued. "We've already discussed the first point of who God is and the second point of who we are since He is our Father and we are His children. We've already reviewed the third point because the greatest blessings we receive come through our Heavenly Father's greatest sacrifice of His divine and beloved Son, Jesus Christ, for us by helping us to have the faith and strength we need to live this life successfully –– especially when it's hard –– plus, the greatest blessing which is to be able to go back and live with Them in heaven. Since He's making these available to everyone who will freely choose it, that means there's a good chance we'll see our deceased loved ones again and be reunited with them in heaven after this life. We’ll recognize our loved ones and they’ll recognize us and God will heal us of any pains we’ve had in life so that heaven can be a place of blissful reunion."
"Now the fourth point, 'His gospel blesses individuals and families' is key because according to notes in both the light blue ink and the dark blue ink but especially the light blue Christ's gospel gives answers that help with modern challenges and anything that applies to us as individuals and families," Robert said enthusiastically.
Eve added thoughtfully, "Healthy, productive relationships are such a vital part of life and there's no question in my mind that God's truths understood correctly by His gospel help us as we aim to establish stronger relationships. It's these eternal truths that help us to have spiritual strength that we need to have successful and happy families."
"Did any of you see the notes he wrote on page thirty-four about God the Father having a plan for happiness for us all again as either individuals or families?" Linda asked curiously.
"I certainly did." Robert answered eagerly. "And I'll tell you what really grabbed my attention was the apparent link between  Christ's atoning sacrifice as the foundation of that plan for happiness primarily because the Lord created families so we could experience happiness and have a much better understanding of God’s love for each of us as his children. God is clear in His purpose for the family being the most vital social unit in this life as well as in the eternities. That tells me that part of His plan for our happiness is a way for families to remain united forever throughout the eternities if they freely choose it. Nothing says 'ultimately supported of God' more clearly than the concept of an eternal family unit. Husbands and wives together for eternity. Parents and children together for eternity. That to me is beautiful!"
"I agree it sounds wonderful but what about the reality of so many couples who aren't happy and their children who sense it." Spence asked reluctantly.
Linda decided to address Spence's question first. "If you look at the notes in light blue near the bottom of page thirty-four, they read, 'teaching children correct principles is best done in a loving atmosphere with the most effective point of origin for such lessons being the home.' Now we're all adults and we know we need to learn correct principles for ourselves and then live them to the best of our ability before we can teach them to our children most effectively at home. And in a way that's what we're all doing here today. We're learning correct principles so we can choose to live them and experience a natural byproduct of happiness by that choice so we can more effectively pass on those lessons and blessings to others, usually those we love, such as our children. The notes continue to say that doing this 'prepares both us and our children for eternal life' and that 'eternal life' isn't as much of a length of time or length of existence as much as it is a quality of life since living in heaven again with God is the highest quality of experience and happiness one can hope to attain."
"That reminds me of what you said earlier, Linda, about your conversation with Pastor James. True doctrine of God  brings peace to the sincere seeker of Jesus Christ. When you look at the notes in light blue, they read, 'the Spirit of the Lord will be a natural presence in a home where gospel principles are taught and His Holy Spirit is often detected by feelings of happiness, peace and joy.' " Robert added.
Linda looked as if she was learning at that moment and said, "Just like Pastor James said: God has always followed the same pattern when calling prophets."
"Do you mean like every prophet called in the past learned about God's perfect plan for happiness for us all and that these past prophets taught it to their people?"
"And very likely even recorded it as scripture." Linda continued.
"How did I know you were going to say that?" Robert smiled.
She then smiled in deep, peaceful thought and added, "The scroll."
"The scroll." Robert nodded as he smiled.
"Okay. I can see how we just covered point number five but what about point number six? I agree I'm getting a better perspective of life but what was it that stood out to you that you wrote 'Why He created the earth for us to live on'?" Eve asked.
"That's an excellent question, Eve. Let's get to that. In fact, would you mind coming up here and drawing a timeline of the life of mankind according to whatever notes you've already read?" Robert asked as he moved out of the way. 
"Draw it on the second board to the right if you don't mind," he added as he pointed to the additional dry erase board.
"My pleasure." Eve began to draw a horizontal line from left to right in the center of the board in red and then drew a mark at the far left and wrote: 'Adam and Eve are created' and at the far right of the line she drew another mark and wrote near it: 'Present Day.' She then made a mark a few inches to the right of the center part of the line and wrote: 'Birth and later death of Jesus Christ.'
"Is there anything else you want to add to it?" He asked her.
"No. I think that pretty much sums it up. I mean we all know the Old Testament covers the time before Christ and that the New Testament covers the life of Christ along with His death and resurrection." She answered.
"That looks a lot like how I would've drawn it too. But if everyone wouldn't mind turning to page forty-two, I'd like to show you what some of the dark blue notes and light blue notes have to add to this timeline," Robert said as he joined the others in turning to the page.
Meredith and Alex felt a bit lost without having notes of their own to refer to but they enjoyed learning as they did.
Robert used a light blue dry erase marker to draw a large circle to the far left of the red timeline. He then pointed to the circle and continued in a softer, more reverent tone. "We lived with God as His literal spiritual offspring. We lived with Him as His children before we were ever born to earth to receive a physical body."
A hush fell across the room as this sunk deeply into the minds of all present.
He continued. "Now, looking closer at page forty-two, we were encouraged of our Father in Heaven to be like Him but we weren't yet like him back here or what was our premortal life," he said as he pointed again at the light blue circle. "And the only way for us to have all of the blessings he enjoys was for us to get a mortal body and that required we leave the blue circle or leave the state of premortality and come down to this red timeline and be born on earth. Now since doing this separates us from God, He provides for us a way to return to live with Him again in heaven while also helping us to have ways to find peace in this life by pursuing now the path of ultimate joy to live with Him again in the next life. The way He provides all of us for our safety and happiness is through Jesus Christ. Now, if everyone will turn back to page thirty-four...no...thirty-five," he said as he turned the pages of notes,
"Going back to God's perfect plan for happiness for us as His children, His glory and ultimate goal is to help all of us to enjoy every single blessing He enjoys and we not only learned of His perfect and merciful plan for a happy and successful life, but we all actually voted on it. Two thirds of us voted in favor of it before we were born to earth."
"As I look back on page thirty-four," Linda added, "he wrote out to the side: 'God's merciful plan of salvation' and also, 'God's plan of redemption.' It's written in light blue. So it's called by a few different titles." She said as she looked at the notes.
"Regardless of which of those titles you choose to refer to it as, the bottom line is that Jesus the Christ, as God's divine Son, is at the very center of that plan. Our opportunity to enjoy eternal life and immortality is made possible only through the grace of the atonement of Christ. Without His great sacrifice, none of us could become like our Father in Heaven and so our Heavenly Father's plan for happiness would be frustrated." Robert added matter-of-factly.
Eve sighed and said, "And only one being wanted to frustrate that plan because he is so opposed to it, and that being is Satan as he is the bitter enemy of God's plan."
"Which brings us to the vital subject of freedom of choice so we can choose to either follow Jesus Christ in life or Satan," Linda added thoughtfully.
"Choosing freely to follow Jesus Christ and God's plan means we will become like our Father in Heaven, which is the ultimate way to share the ultimate power of all things that are good. No other plan is so generous. No other plan is so merciful. No other plan brings about greater blessings. This is so loving of Him to encourage us and enable us and ennoble us toward the ultimate in universal success for good to the blessing of as many as will freely choose it," Robert said reflectively.
"I noticed his notes also mention that because we don't remember our life with our Father in Heaven before we were born to earth that this is why we learn to live by faith as opposed to living by sight." Linda noted.
"That idea of living by sight tells me that if we could recall or see that previous world we lived in then we wouldn't need faith. That tells me two things: a) that previous world exists, and b) that there is a way for us to actually see it with our eyes." Spence said curiously.
Robert looked confused. "I'm not sure what you're getting at."
Spence chuckled, "Okay. I'm the odd one out of the group, I admit. After all, I'm the only one here who isn't yet convinced that there is indeed a God although I will say that the God that has been described here today certainly has the most appeal to me simply because it makes so much more sense than any other description I've heard before. But I'm still not quite convinced yet to move from my current personal belief in a supreme organizing intelligence to actually calling that same supreme organizing intelligence by the title of 'God.' However, I still want to mention that it fascinates me that there could be a way for us to see that pre-life world or premortal place with our eyes and the reason that seems to strike me now is primarily because it's safe to say most of you here believe that God created this planet we call earth that we're also living on, right?" Everyone nodded in agreement and Robert sat down to let the attention focus on Spence's thoughts.
"Now in order for that to happen He would have to be outside of earth in order to put all of the elements together that are needed and do so in just the right sequence to get the result known as the planet earth." Spence said enthusiastically.
"Because two objects can't occupy the same space at the same time, right?" Ananias reluctantly chimed in.
Spence coughed lightly and answered, "According to one theory, an older one, I should say. But quantum physics disagrees as there is the belief now that multiple dimensions can occupy the same space. Multiple as in maybe six or seven. Some even believe a dozen or more." Ananias looked confused.
"Sorry. I'm getting ahead of myself," Spence chuckled softly. "My point is, we're able to see planets and galaxies from incredible distances across space and know that so much of what is also out there is billions of light years away and if we could create the technology to see that premortal world that this scroll and the bible suggests that we came from, what would it take to actually see that world with our own eyes?" he eagerly wondered.
The room again became silent as all were deep in thought and were imagining such a possibility. Alex easily visualized everyone that was ever born or would be born as living before physical birth and being dressed in all white, existing as living, talking, walking, and thinking beings that were free to choose. She could see groups of premortals as radiant spirits living in a beautiful world filled with white light. A place where all life was created spiritually first. This meant that such a world would include beautiful and colorful trees, flowers and animals where we all lived in a peaceful environment of happiness and learning with the freedom to vote for what we felt was right regarding God's plan for our eternal progress.
Linda then broke the silence and suggested, "What if all that is required to see it is simply spiritual sight for those with enough faith to believe it?"
"It makes sense to me to have spiritual sight in faith. It's the simplest answer." Alex said in a childlike innocence.
Meredith then whispered a gentle chastisement to Alex, "We're here to listen. Not to participate."
"Sorry to interrupt." Alex added humbly.
This surprised Linda. "No. Please contribute as you'd like. I invited you two to come. I certainly don't expect you to sit in silence if you feel you have something to contribute." She said warmly.
"Thank you. I guess we'll start chiming in if we have a thought we think might help." Meredith replied graciously. She then whispered "Sorry" to Alex for misunderstanding. Alex smiled and felt glad they could feel free to participate.
"So if spiritual sight is the answer, then why did man invent the telescope?" Spence asked curiously.
"Personally, it's my belief that God inspired man with the ideas of how to use resources the Lord already provided so that once man made the telescope, that man would find additional witnesses towards the most logical conclusion that the supreme organizing intelligence that exists is, in fact, God, and that such understanding comes in the most convincing manner possible via our spiritual eyes as the inspiration of certain truths flows through to us as thoughts and ultimately rings true in our heart." Robert replied with a wink and a smile.
Eve then picked up on another pattern in Jacob's notes as she said, "So the light blue references work in harmony with the brown reference of '942:5' which is Jeremiah 1:5 in the Old Testament. The scripture reads: 'Before I formed thee in the belly I knew thee;' so the Lord is saying He and Jeremiah had a friendship and were therefore well acquainted with one another as friends before Jeremiah was even born to the earth by Jeremiah's mothers belly or womb."
Robert stood by the board again. "I like that, Eve. That's an excellent point." Now addressing the group, he asked, "Is it safe to say we've got a good idea of why God created this earth for us and that He is in fact the One who created this planet and all other planets and that He created every living thing here on earth?" No one in the room objected.
"Maybe we should summarize what we've gone over so far. Would anyone like to volunteer to do that?" Linda asked openly.
"I'd like to." Meredith offered.
"Please do." Linda smiled.
"To summarize, God's plan is a perfect plan for us to be happy and that at the core of that plan is our Savior, Jesus Christ, and that we are here to learn and choose His plan by choosing to learn what is right, meaning to learn God's will and to do His will which is to follow the Savior by of our own free choice as opposed to following Satan who is opposed to God's plan." Meredith said.
"Exactly." Robert smiled.
"And if we do what's right by obeying God's commandments then we get to live in heaven with God and all of our friends and loved ones." Alex added optimistically.
"I couldn't have said it better myself." Robert smiled as he winked at Alex. Both Meredith and Alex were glad to be learning such wonderful lessons of hope.
"If I may, I have a thought about God's creation of the earth." Meredith said. Robert and the rest of the group listened attentively. "Well, early in the book of Genesis, the first role we see in God is the role of a Creator. So this shows us that this is one of His primary roles is to create. His sharing of His power with us to create –– especially to procreate or reproduce–– is such a sacred power with such a sacred purpose that this is why it is a solemn mockery of God for us to use that power of procreation for selfish indulgences outside of the bounds that He has specifically placed for our Eternal happiness. That sacred gift to create families and thereby experience and discover some of the greatest joys in life is of God. But Satan would have us mock God by the abuse of that sacred gift since Satan rebels against God and rebels in misery. As the adversary and opposer of happiness he wants us to also rebel and be miserable too as a natural consequence of making wrong choices. But when we know this we can recognize his various temptations for what they really are choices for misery and instead choose what's right and avoid that misery and enjoy instead a life of happiness by following Jesus Christ," she said insightfully.
Everyone in the room were deep in thought and many were nodding that it made sense to them. "You know, I am really enjoying this!" Robert added enthusiastically.
"So am I. Thank you, Meredith, and all of you for your thoughts," Linda said. "Does anyone else have anything they'd like to add to the subject of the creation the God's made of the earth?" she asked inquisitively. No one responded. "Okay. I suppose we'll move onto the last point for today about our freedom to choose."
Robert began. "So most of us who have read the brown references have read the passages in the Old Testament in Genesis 1:2631 and Genesis 2:1517. The light blue notes confirm these biblical teachings as true while also shedding more light on the meaning of the teachings in Genesis." He then briefly thumbed through his notes. "Now the things we come to understand are that the first of Heavenly Father's children to be put on earth were Adam and Eve. At that time in the Garden of Eden they had the ability to live forever. They were also still living in the presence of our Father in Heaven. God provided everything they needed because Adam and Eve were inexperienced and innocent. Neither Adam nor Eve had learned anything yet about good or evil. In the garden, there was one specific tree that had fruit on it that God commanded them not to eat of. The tree God spoke of was known as the Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil. The fruit of this tree was called 'the forbidden fruit.' Now here's where a lot of the light shines from the light blue references.
"So long as Adam and Eve continued to obey the commandment to avoid eating the Forbidden fruit, they would not be able to progress through experiencing mortality and the lessons about opposition and the challenges that it brings. Sure. They could still live in the Garden of Eden no harm, no foul and they wouldn't get kicked out, but they also wouldn't progress towards becoming like their Father in Heaven because they would be stuck in a state of innocence. But remember joy is the state of being God lives in, yet Adam and Eve wouldn't have a clue what joy felt like because they wouldn't have a clue what pain and sorrow feels like and going through mortality by eating of the Forbidden fruit was the only way to learn and appreciate the difference between happiness and sorrow and joy versus pain.
"When Satan, also known as Lucifer or 'the devil', came along and tempted Adam and Eve to eat the Forbidden fruit, this was actually all part of God's plan to begin teaching them by experience the right way to use their freedom to choose. This was all a part of God's plan to move Adam and Eve along the path of eternal progression so as to activate God's plan for happiness. Remember, God allowed Adam and Eve to choose freely regarding whether or not they would choose to eat of the Forbidden fruit. This is a vital insight into God's character. Heavenly Father never forces us to do His will. But He does allow Satan to have power with limits to influence us, and if we will let God turn our mistakes into something good, that is exactly what God will do for us – so long as we don’t keep looking for excuses to keep making the same mistakes.
"Now since Adam and Eve chose to eat of the Forbidden fruit, they got kicked out of the garden because they became mortal. Their getting kicked out is known as 'the Fall' of Adam and Eve.”
“Like the Original Sin?”
“Exactly. The Original Sin made them mortal and being mortal means they were now able to experience physical death as an inevitable part of being mortal. Physical death means the separation our spirit from our physical body as we all started out as spirit children of God before we got a body through birth on earth. But worse than physical death is spiritual death since spiritual death is when we are separated from God's presence. Because it's the presence of God that sanctifies us when we have a body and are progressing in God's plan for happiness. To 'sanctify' means, of course, to purify us and prepare us to be able to live with God again and experience joy in it.
"Being mortal, as we all know, means we can experience a whole variety of types of suffering and diseases and sicknesses. Now although this gift of the freedom to choose helped Adam and Eve to progress and have the option to make right choices, it also gave them the choice to sin and this is an important challenge to understand about the fall because mortality is essentially an imperfect state of being which by nature makes it harder to do everything right. So even though Adam and Eve were now learning and progressing in their mortal state, the risk to sin and not have salvation was very real so they needed a Savior and the plan was for Jesus Christ to fulfill that role to atone for Adam and Eve's transgression so that the rest of humankind is not punished for Adam and Eve's transgression.
"Also, now that Adam and Eve were mortal, they could have children which is exactly what needed to happen so that the remainder of God's spirit children could also be born to the earth and receive a physical body to progress and become like Him as they are also tested in life to see if they will freely choose to learn of and follow God's beloved Son, Jesus the Christ or to follow God's enemy, Satan. 
"The core meaning behind why so many people around the world call the United States of America 'God's country' is because it is the only country on this planet that was specifically founded upon the principle of freedom in religious worship. It is freedom of religion that allows U.S. citizens and those living here to choose what religion they want to practice, if any. Remember, one of the primary character traits of our Father in Heaven is that He is opposed to tyranny and thus He is a champion of freedom and will never force any of us as His children to do what is right. And since God is the creator of the miracles that helped America to be born so we could enjoy these and other freedoms America enjoys as a nation, He simply hopes and encourages us to honor Him as the author of such freedom by choosing Him to be the one true God we all worship and to have us as a nation reflect such worship by keeping a wise balance of mercy and justice in how we deal with ourselves and others by following the example of His beloved Son in showing us the way to follow His perfect plan for our happiness and success.” He paused for a moment and smiled softly with gratitude for Christ in his heart. He then continued. 
“This is the sacred principle behind the concept of 'one nation, under God' and 'indivisible' as our founding fathers had envisioned as men who were inspired of God. It's clear by the lessons in the Garden of Eden that God encourages us to worship Him according to the guidance of our own conscience while also encouraging each of us individually to be obedient to the laws of the land as laws are designed to provide peace and order to best serve the very people the laws serve."
"What does it mean to worship God according to our own conscience?" Alex asked.
"It means to do what we feel and know is right to do. It's an inner feeling and knowledge of right from wrong. So when you do what's right, what you feel God would approve of to help you live according to His plan for happiness, then you're following your conscience to do things that are good for you and others," Meredith replied.
"That's about how I would describe it," Eve added. Linda and Robert nodded in agreement.
Spence looked lost in thought for a moment before asking another question. "As much as this stuff is actually blowing my mind," he chuckled softly, "and I say that as a compliment since it seems so rational I'm still stuck back on the concept of God and how we look like Him. I mean, I look at Eve and Linda and Meredith and even Alex all who are females who don't look male to me. Do you see where I'm going with this?" he asked the group inquisitively. Robert looked intently at Spencer picking up at what he was likely getting at.
"Some of the other light blue notes explain how both Heavenly Father and Jesus Christ are the God's as in plural who created Adam and Eve." Linda replied.
"I propose that we simply believe that what's written in Genesis 1:2627 is actually true. In other words that we look like God and He looks like us." Eve said frankly. Spencer shrugged his shoulders as he looked at Robert.
"No. No. That would just make too much sense." Linda jested. Most of the others chuckled understandably. But Robert didn't laugh as he was thinking rather deeply and then began to add insightfully, "And also that the word 'God' here means a holy union of both a male God and a female God." The entire room became completely silent in awe as Robert continued. "As in two different sanctified and perfected beings make up the word 'God' simultaneously and that 1 Corinthians 11:11 is right, that you can't have, as the scripture reads, 'the man without the woman or the woman without the man in 'God.'" As Robert continued, he addressed the room in subdued tones that teemed with reverence. "I'm talking about the concept of loving, merciful, godly parents. Parents in heaven are not single parents. How else do we have women on earth if our first earthly mother Eve wasn't made after the image of a godly mother?" Robert asked. Silence and awe filled the room.
"Now that would definitely make too much sense." Linda added in a humble and more serious tone.
Spence nodded with a soft smile being glad that Robert sensed correctly what Spence was thinking of. Eve slowly stood up and in a most dignified and reverent manner said, "In light of the clear logic just proposed, referring to the concept of heavenly parents, I think such matters are too sacred to discuss."
"I wholeheartedly agree." Robert answered reflectively. Eve quietly sat back down.
"We've all heard and read about the historical violence and injustices and modern day vulgar jokes men make about Christ, the most sacred male representation of God, and the very fact of how the devil encourages men, and at times women, to destroy the virtuous power of women says it all. The evil of constantly abusing women by treating them as an object primarily for the selfish satisfaction of the lusts of men. Let's not dwell on the likely sacred reality of God Himself having a loving wife deity that He treats as an equal to Him as I feel any possible thing said or done to mock the very eternal and holy companion of His bosom would bring down the kind of righteous indignation and justifiable wrath that can destroy entire planets quicker than the blink of an eye. No. Let's not bring down such divinely justifiable biblical calamity on ourselves now.
"I propose out of all respect and reverence for the very holiness which sustains deity that we follow the example of God and protect the sacred subject of the reality of our Heavenly Mother by leaving that subject undiscussed and for God to continue to protect… unless someone here would like to voice that he or she doesn't believe these truths of the sacred union of both a Heavenly Father and a Heavenly Mother," Robert said most reverently. All in the room remained silent. He then added humbly, "That's what I thought."



At the edge of an empty parking lot, Ananias pulled up to park in his shiny black luxury sedan. All of the windows on his sedan were tinted dark black. Once he parked, he quickly dialed a number on his cell phone.
“Yes?” A man’s deep voice answered.
“Did you make the changes I asked you to?”
“Yes. I put some typos in the information Linda Wise handed out to your group. The numbers in the notes about the… hypothetical ‘scroll’… might just be a little tougher to figure out. So unless she made a copy to back up her original information and stored it elsewhere before I got to the one on her computer, she’ll never know the difference.”
“Excellent. I thank you for your services.”
“No problem. Anything else you’d like?”
“I just received an e-mail from Linda. I’m going to forward it to you. Note the list she’s going to get to us next week. Hack her computer and remove from the list the name of the church, the religious organization that I discussed with you earlier.”
“Will do. Anything else?”
Ananias thought deeply for a few moments and then answered bitterly. “Hack everyone’s computer in the group. Make sure they all have the same list. The one we provide without the name of the church I’m referring to.”
“Then what do you want me to do with the vacancy that creates on the list?” the anonymous man asked.
“Move up the other names. Make number twenty-six become number twenty five. Make the churches after the one that’s removed get moved up the list.”
“Gotcha.”
“Funny how those other churches will all have me to thank for their sudden promotion, even though they’ll never know themselves,” he laughed mischievously. The anonymous man simply hung up the phone leaving Ananias to gloat privately over his own strategy to keep the group in the dark. He then dialed another number and another man answered.
“Hello?” The sound of this man’s voice was kind.
“I don’t think they know what they’re looking for.”
“Good to hear from you Ananias,” the man said politely. “So are you going to tell them? Did you want me to snail mail them each their own personal copy of the book?” he laughed.
“Do you actually want to see my church destroyed, Bill?” Ananias asked coldly. He was deadly serious in his question.
“Come on, Ananias. Are you kidding? Look. I know what you’re concerned about and I agree. But just remember there could actually be a scroll out there that they’re onto. It might have nothing at all to do with the book. But if the scroll isn’t a scroll, but it’s really the book, then so what? So even if they did find the book and read it, all you’d have to do is say what a lot of preachers say. Just lie. Say it’s a bunch of crap. Discourage them from ever reading it. You know the drill.” Bill counseled confidently.
“Yes, I do.” He replied coldly. “And it’s that very same drill that’s been discussed today in our little group discussion. They’re figuring it out faster than I expected.”
“Figuring out the drill? Really?”
“Yes, really. They called it a pattern of human history led by the wicked.”
“Holy crap. You aren’t kidding.”
“No…I am not.” He retorted in dark disgust.
“Well, what do you want to do? We can’t burn every copy of that book that exists. The church will just keep printing more copies.
“Linda and her new friends are going to figure out that the book they’re looking for encourages a deeper understanding of the truths of the bible. We’re talking about shedding the kind of light on both the Old and New Testaments that gets rid of any further need for disputations about the teachings of God. Who wants to go to a church that you know is incomplete? Or, in some cases, who would continue attending a church the whole congregation knows is false? No one! We’ve got to stop them.”
“What if we can’t stop them? Look. Just tell them not to read the book if they hear about it. Make up stuff about the book that isn’t true so they won’t want to read it. Lie to them by telling them the book competes with the bible rather than compliments it. Or give them some other B.S. that convinces them the book is meant to replace the bible even though you and I know it isn’t.”
“Have you ever noticed that people continue to disregard the lies and read it anyway?” Ananias was bitter in his sarcasm as he asked how much his phone friend had actually been paying attention to trends over recent years. “It’s one of the fastest growing churches on the planet. There are people willing to learn for themselves rather than just take someone else’s word for it. Then guess what they discover?”
“They discover it compliments the bible.”
“Yes. And what else do they discover?”
“That it destroys our craft.”
“Is that what you want?” Ananias was practically seething with anger as he asked in a very controlled tone.
“Hell no. Why would you even question my loyalty? Look. If you go down, I go down with you. Obviously I don’t want that. We’re talking about a multi-million dollar loss to me. I like my yacht. I like my mansion and my stock portfolio. Just yesterday I bought a collector’s car at an auction for over a hundred grand. I’m not going to let anyone or anything separate me from my prize possessions.”
“Well my loss is greater. It’s more than just the money.”
“I get it. I get it.”
“I’ve got an important meeting later. I can’t be late.”
“Did you want to discuss it before you go? Or is it a need-to-know and invitation only appointment?”
“Yes. It’s closed doors. But I’m not sure if I should tell them what the next group discussion will be about at Linda Wise’s yet.”
“Why not?”
“The next conversation with her group could easily steer them right into the answer they’re all looking for. My work could be destroyed before the time is finished.”
“So steer the conversation in the direction you want. Control the conversation. Place doubt where it benefits us and encourage myths that work to our favor. Easy. By the time they’ve held their last meeting they’ll still be in the dark, typical Christians will still be confused about various things about the bible and we’ll just keep the same old same old confusion stirring in the minds of our congregation and most other congregations. No big deal.”
“That’s why I’m there. But these truths are not easily confounded. Remember, there’s one global congregation that’s not in the dark at all. The truths they know are profound and difficult to dispute.” He then hesitated before adding, “I’m considering simply playing the role of spy for our leader.”
“So just exactly what is it that they are planning to discuss at Linda’s in the next meeting?”
So powerful were the truths Linda’s group were discovering that even Ananias knew that his own evil allies could abandon him upon learning of the truths Linda and her new associates were discovering. So he decided to answer that question with the silence of simply hanging up the phone.

TO BE CONTINUED

Good news! Part 2 of the ebook “Alex Opalstone and the Window of Heaven’s View: Life 101” by T. M. Meek is available through Smashwords.com or you can check your favorite authorized retailer So go download it now and keep reading about Alex’s adventures!



Dictionary of Terms : Faith, Financial and Social


Faith Terms

NOTE: All biblical scriptures referenced are specific to the King James Version of the Holy Bible.

Angels of God " ministering spirits" (Hebrews 1:14) that are messengers of the Lord. Some non-mortal angels serve God in heaven (1 Kings 22:19) and other of the Lord's angels minister to people on earth so as to do the will of God (Genesis 28:12; 32:1, 2 Samuel 24:16, 1 Kings 19:57; 2 Kings 1:15, 19:35 & Psalms 91:11). Jesus the Christ mentioned angels (Matthew 13:14-30, 37-41, 16:27, 18:10, 22:30, 24:36, Luke 15:10). During his mortal life on earth God's angels helped Jesus the Christ (Matthew 1:20, 2:13, 19, 4:11, 28:28; Luke 1:11-20, 26-30, 2:9-15, 22:43). Some of God's angels have not yet been born to earth which means they minister as spirits. Others have already been born to earth and have died and been resurrected and thus have a perfected immortal body that is whole and can never again be subject to disease or death. 
There are several other New Testament references to angels, including in the Revelation of John. Because Heavenly Father is the one true God we worship through His Son Jesus Christ, we are specifically warned not to worship angels (see Col 2:18).

Atonement The reconciliation of man (humankind) to God as man has estranged himself through sin. The word 'atonement' means to be 'at one' with God for the purposes of overcoming the consequences of sin. The scriptural use means to suffer the punishment of for an act of sin to eliminate the effects of sin from sincerely repentant sinners so that they may be reconciled to God. The foreshadowing of Jesus Christ's sacred atoning work was emulated symbolically by the services of the Day of Atonement as referenced in Leviticus. 4, 23:26-32 and Hebrews 9. Because Jesus Christ is the only begotten Son of God and was the only perfect person to live on earth (he never committed any sins) He is the only one who has the ability to make an atonement for humankind. 
God the Father provided the atonement through His Son Jesus Christ's life. Christ made a perfect atonement for all humankind through His sacrifice both in Gethsemane and by His death on the cross in Calvary followed by His bodily resurrection from the tomb. 
His atoning sacrifice allowed Him to experience each individual's life from the point of their birth to the point of their physical death so that He would know exactly what each one of us personally experienced in life both physically and emotionally so He could have the greatest compassion for us and give us the perfect guidance and blessings in answer to our prayers of faith in Him in addition to making an infinite sacrifice for our sins. He experienced all of our individual suffering, pains, sicknesses, imperfections, weaknesses and temptations. He also experienced all of the times we've experienced joy and happiness. He did this so we could be assured He is very aware of each of us in our lives and He cares deeply and certainly like no one else can. His power to do this comes from our Heavenly Father. 
Two key benefits that come from Christ's atonement are the first form of salvation which is a physical salvation that is unconditional and pertains only to the fall of Adam in that all humankind will receive a perfected immortal body after death the highest form of physical healing for any and all of the bodily imperfections we have been born with or received in the course of our lives regardless of whether we caused some of the imperfections or if someone else did. This great blessing of resurrection is made possible only by Christ's first resurrection. 
The second key benefit Christ's atonement provides is a conditional form of salvation, a spiritual salvation, that pertains to each individuals sins specific to the level of faith he or she has in Jesus Christ as manifested by his or her individual efforts towards repentance of sins as well as his or her personal efforts to obey the gospel. Spiritual salvation provides forgiveness of ones sins as well as a perfect healing of all emotional pains we suffer –– especially those traumas that are not of our own creating but were caused by others.

Being spiritually clean To be washed from sin. Because the unclean can't enjoy God's presence or be with God while in sin, those who chose sin are stained by sin spiritually. The only way to become spiritually clean and thereby worthy to live again with God in heaven after physical death is to become clean through the atonement of Jesus Christ which provides forgiveness of sin.

Bible The word 'bible' originates from the Greek word, 'biblia,' which means 'the books' like a library of books. Later, it became more often referred to as 'the book.' Therefore, the word bible does not mean just one book but rather it is a heavenly library or record of divine revelations. The centuries of work of many prophets who wrote under the divine inspiration of the Holy Spirit of God is what we know as the Bible. The sacred writings of prophets have been referred to as 'holy scriptures' (Rom. 1:2, 2 Tim. 3:15, compare to Rom. 15:4) as well as 'the scriptures' (Matt. 22:29, John 5:39). The Old and New Testaments are the two sections that form the Christian Bible. 
The Old Testament that the Christians have received is the same canon of scripture that the Jews in Palestine had during the time of Christ. The Old Testament, written primarily in Hebrew, covers several centuries as the records of a nation. The New Testament is deemed to have the same hallowedness and divine authority as Jewish scriptures. The work of the New Testament consists of just one generation of people during the Apostolic age and were written in Greek (although it is believed by some that the Aramaic language was used to write the Gospels of Matthew and John). 
The word 'testament' in Hebrew means 'covenant.' Prior to the time of Moses, people since the time of Adam had the higher laws of God given to them by Jehovah through His prophets. But during the time of Moses, the children (people) of Israel were given a lesser law to follow most likely since they had proven that it was too difficult for them to stay faithful in their obedience to the greater laws of God that previous generations had obeyed before. Too often, humankind proved again and again that they would depart from the ways of God and form their own ways of worship that always proved to be their destruction. But always God has reached out in mercy to warn them of their pending destruction as a means of encouraging them to freely repent and return to God before it’s too late (Amos 3:7). 
The Jehovah of the Old Testament had promised to provide a prophet redeemer who would make an atonement for all humankind since the days of Adam which would also fulfill (satisfy) the law given to the people of Moses which would signify an end to the need to continue to follow that lesser law. The death and the resurrection of Jesus Christ fulfilled the Mosaic law of carnal commandments and much of the ceremonial laws. The lesser law of Moses was meant as a preparatory gospel for the sole purpose of leading people to Christ. Although the law of Moses was a good law, it required less spiritual potential to follow and some of the Jewish leaders had added unauthorized bans, provisions and ceremonies (a. k. a. “traditions of the elders”) – so much so that the law became burdensome to abide and had lost most of it’s spiritual meaning as too often people would act as if they worshipped the law more than the Lord (see Matt. 15:19, Mark 7:1-13, Gal. 2:16-21).
Jehovah fulfilled His promises he had made to prophets since the days of Adam to send a redeemer as He was born to live on earth as Jesus the Christ to restore the gospel and thus the greater law to the Jews in Palestine. His restoration of the gospel to the Jews meant He believed they who sincerely sought Him were ready to once again obey the greater laws as previous generations prior to the time of Moses had done before. So although the New Testament was not a new covenant (as generations from Adam until Moses had the covenant of God already) it was a new covenant for the people of Christ's time since they had not known anything greater since the time of Moses. In Greek, the word “diatheke” translates to mean 'testament' but more with regard to laws that govern what happens to one's property after death as may be outlined in a will or testament. 
Therefore, it may be of further benefit to understand the will of the Apostles was clearly to have their witnesses of Christ and His great atoning sacrifice in fulfillment of past Old Testament prophecies to be recorded as an event of actual fact through their testimonies and that the sacred sacrifice of Jesus the Christ by His death is also vital for us to remember as a testimony of His life and the importance He placed on giving to each person ever born the opportunity for ultimate and eternal happiness in salvation. 
It is interesting to note that William Tyndale (born in Wales 1494) was a man who simply desired to translate the New Testament into English but in the process discovered how the truths of God as found in holy scripture often exposes the false doctrines and corruptions of religious leaders. He was executed for heresy (speaking out against the popular opinions, theories and practices of the times he lived in) on October 6, 1536 simply because he openly favored the higher ways of living that truths of God had encouraged through holy scripture for the happiness and success of those who freely choose to abide God's laws. 
The King James Version of the Bible was used for much of the biblical research in the Alex Opalstone books.

Covenant Although a covenant can be between two people, more often in the bible it refers to an agreement between God and His children. Since we are not equal to God, the conditions for the covenant (agreement) are set by God and we agree to do what He asks of us. God promises to give us specific blessings to reward our individual obedience. When we make covenants we promise to honor them. 
God's people are a covenant based people. Those who make and keep sacred covenants don't have to be told what to do all of the time by their religious leaders because individuals who keep their covenants tend to live a principle based life which more naturally results in individual self-government for good. If they had to be told what to do all of the time then they would be compelled to do good and this is contrary to God's designs for freedom of choice for individuals. As the gospel is designed that principles and ordinances are to be received by covenant, the person receiving the principles and ordinances is put under a strong and sacred obligation to fulfill their commitment. 
The Lord loves to bless those who are faithful to Him. When we decide to not keep covenants then we can't receive the promised blessings that always follow those who keep their covenants. There are also times when we experience a penalty as a consequence for not doing what we agreed to do (just as one might be penalized for speeding when he or she originally promised to obey the speed limit. Other cases can bring a more severe penalty such as in the case of Ananias and Sapphira who intentionally lied to God and broke their covenant. See Acts 5:1-11). But for those who keep their commitment to Him the Lord is generous in His blessings.

The Creation As taught in the early chapters of the book of Genesis in the Bible, God the Father directed His Son, Jesus Christ, to create a place for us to live and experience mortal life so Christ created the earth. Living on earth and out of God's presence means that we don't remember our life with God as His spiritual offspring before our mortal birth on earth. This is by divine design so we will walk in steps of faith here in life rather than only going by what we can physically see to believe in. In order to have the opportunity to advance and become like God we needed a body and a time to be tested to see if we would freely choose to sincerely seek after God or to follow after our own path away from Him and so earth was created for that divine purpose.

Eternal Life (a. k. a. Exaltation) Eternal life is not so much a length of time as it is a quality of life experience. It means to receive the opportunity to be exalted by God in His highest of inheritances the Celestial level of heaven. 'Exaltation' can only occur for those who live in Celestial glory (the highest degree of glory possible). It is the only form of salvation that allows families and loved ones to live together forever in God's presence. It is the greatest gift God can ever give to his children. (See also God's Plan for Our Happiness)

Faith To have confidence in someone or to believe optimistically in something. Real faith always leads to some kind of action. To have faith for salvation is to hope for things that are centered in Jesus Christ for salvation yet are not seen with physical sight but are still true (see Heb. 11:1). Jesus Christ has provided numerous truths that teach us of His love, power, knowledge, unchanging nature, justice, mercy and everything we need to help us each put our confidence in Him without hesitation. 
Ultimately faith is a gift of God. We obtain faith through sincere prayer and righteous actions. We can be assured as individuals that we are exercising faith correctly in Jesus Christ for our salvation when we honestly feel we are living our lives on the Lord's side and that we are assured of personal salvation after death in part because of blessings we are already receiving from the Lord in this life that help us to place our confidence in Him. Although miracles don't create faith, miracles can confirm our faith after we've made righteous choices to have strong faith. True faith can only exist on the foundation of accurate knowledge or it can't provide the results hoped for.

The Fall of Adam and Eve (a. k. a. 'The Fall' or the 'Original Sin') The way humankind became mortal (which means to become subject to death and sin). Prior to the fall there was no death and no sin and none of the creations on earth had any children yet. Although Adam and Eve had physical bodies there was no blood in them before the fall. God gave two commandments to Adam and Eve. The first was to multiply by having children and the second one was to not eat the fruit of the tree of knowledge of good and evil because it was considered forbidden fruit. 
Neither Adam nor Eve were able to reproduce (nor did they even understand how to create children) prior to the fall. Satan came and tempted Adam and Eve to rebel against God by getting them to eat of the Forbidden fruit since Satan wanted to destroy God's children through the physical destruction of their bodies and also create spiritual death by eternally separating them from God. (Satan is thus the one who encourages all practices and consumptions that result in bringing sorrow and destruction upon humankind, starting with the destruction of the physical body, to reduce them to the lowest state of existence possible. 
The first two lessons we learn about him as the adversary is to disobey God and then to fear God rather than to learn the truths of God’s plan and obey His laws that are designed for our happiness and helps us to trust in God.) Since Eve understood that the commandment to have children was more important to obey than avoiding the Forbidden fruit, she felt there was no other way to reproduce and ultimately provide an opportunity for all humankind to obey that same law than to break the lesser law of eating the Forbidden fruit. So Eve wisely ate the Forbidden fruit and Adam wisely followed her example. 
After Adam and Eve ate the Forbidden fruit they became mortal which brought about sin, as blood formed in their bodies and death became an inevitable part of mortal life. Adam's fall caused everything else on earth to become mortal. Both physical and spiritual death were brought upon all of humankind due to the fall. They were no longer allowed to live in God's presence in the Garden of Eden and thus Adam and Eve were sent away to live in the world. 
The fall of Adam and Eve was expected by God and His plan to have a Savior to save Adam and Eve and all humankind was in place before the earth was even created. If Eve had not wisely chosen to eat the Forbidden fruit and have Adam do likewise, humankind could not have had the opportunity to obey the law to reproduce and progress towards an eventual exalted state in eternal life. This is why both Eve and Adam should be honored for making the first sacrificial step of initiating the fall (by condescending to leave the beautiful garden by taking that vital step into mortality through eating the Forbidden fruit which gave all of us a chance to be born and choose to learn of and follow Christ). Therefore, the fall is a blessing for all humankind.
The idea that Adam and Eve caused the fall by breaking the law of chastity (by an immoral act of sexual sin) is a false doctrine. Both Adam and Eve lived in purity of mind and heart both before and after the fall. There are no other records that show either of them ever transgressed again or sinned after the fall (so they lived nearly perfect lives by their righteous actions and desires).
The fall of Adam and Eve is one of the most valuable events in the history of humankind. Satan's plan is to enslave humankind in sin (spiritual death that keeps those who choose to sin from experiencing the freedoms that can only come by living in God's presence). Satan also wants to destroy our physical bodies through physical death and other painful forms of degeneration. Eternal salvation in the Lord's highest of heavenly kingdoms (Celestial glory) through the atonement of Jesus Christ frustrates Satan's plan by giving all humankind the opportunity to choose to learn of the way back to God's presence through His gospel and do all they can to obey the Lord's laws and thereby have eternal life.

Forbidden Fruit A fruit found in the Garden of Eden on the tree of knowledge of good and evil. The fruit of this tree was considered by God to be forbidden of Adam and Eve to eat because the fruit was not suited to their nature and condition. The bodies of Adam and Eve were perfect in form and life sustaining function and only an introduction of an element of lesser substance (such as the forbidden fruit) would alter that perfection to become imperfect and unable to perfectly sustain life and health indefinitely. It was forbidden because consumption of such fruit would bring Adam and Eve to become subject to lower laws away from God's presence (spiritual death) which involved the sad experience of two forms of death: physical and spiritual death. It should also be noted that the false doctrine (the loathsome lie) that the fall of humankind occurred due to a violation of the law of chastity has been used by some to pardon deviations from the divinely inspired path of chastity and virtue. 
Fornication was not committed or introduced by Eve or Adam. They were pure and virtuous souls despite their one transgression in eating food they were forbidden to eat. (See previous definition of the Fall of Adam and Eve.)

Freedom to choose The ability God gives all of humankind as a privilege to freely choose and take whatever actions they want in life towards their own blessing or detriment as a natural consequence of their choices. The gift to choose freely was one of the first examples given in the Garden of Eden of God’s form of loving and wise governance for all of humankind (as we are His children). Because God provides everything, the only thing that isn’t His that He will never force us to give Him is our willingness to follow Him by our freely given obedience to his laws.

Garden of Eden The place where our first parents, Adam and Eve, lived. While they lived in the garden, before the fall, they had physical life because their spirits were clothed in physical bodies made from the dust of the earth. They had spiritual life because they lived in the presence of God and they had not yet made any choices between good and evil. Had Adam and Eve remained in the Garden of Eden they could not have progressed to become like God (since God has offspring as he created us spiritually as his children) and they would therefore have no offspring and no joy (especially the joy of parenthood when procreation is done at the right time, for the right reasons and with the right partner towards an eternal family unit founded upon the principles of Godliness) having experienced no pain or sorrow to contrast it with. (See The Fall of Adam and Eve)

God (Nature of God the Father) God the Father is the first member of the Godhead (Christ is the second member and the Holy Ghost is the third member). He is perfect. In the scriptures we learn a number of good things about God. Our Heavenly Father is a separate personage from His Son, Jesus Christ. Although God the Father, Jesus Christ and the Holy Ghost are united in purpose (one in purpose) they are each separate beings. Both God and His Son, Jesus Christ have a perfected immortal body of flesh and bone. The Holy Ghost does not have a body of flesh and bone but is a personage of spirit. Our Father in Heaven is perfect, knows everything (including our thoughts) and has all power. He is the Supreme Being in whom Christians believe and worship. Because He is the Creator of all things He is also the Preserver of all things (which preservation is made possible by his divine rules). 
Everything on earth shows us God exists even all of the planets prove He is a Supreme Creator. He is perfectly kind, merciful and charitable which are key attributes that make his ultimate strength and power perfect. He has perfect judgment. He is extremely careful with who He entrusts sacred matters to. He is very protective of that which is sacred and commands of us all a proper respect for sacred things. This is in part why oftentimes sacred things are not discussed openly or at length to those who may mock or who have otherwise not proven to be worthy of such sacred trust. He is the Father of our Spirits and he loves each of us perfectly. He is the Author of the plan for our happiness through salvation. 
He created our physical bodies. God can only be God with the help of a woman, His wife, who is His eternal companion and whom he regards as his sacred and perfect equal because parents in heaven are not single. He embodies the perfect attributes of both justice and mercy. God is merciful because He desires all of His children to be happy and to come back to live with Him forever as an eternal family unit after death. He wants us to enjoy our physical bodies and to be happy in life so he provided the perfect guide (via holy scriptures) for how to best do that. He is sad when we choose to break ourselves against His eternal laws by hurting ourselves and others. If we will not repent of actions (or inactions) we took which bring about harm, we must experience the consequences of our choices and so God is just by allowing consequences for our actions. Justice also includes being rewarded for good choices as it is just to do so. 
His mercy is expressed in the opportunity He gives each of us to not have to experience the negative eternal consequences for sinning by allowing us the opportunity to freely choose for ourselves to properly repent and follow the laws of happiness as provided in the gospel of Jesus Christ. God the Father loves each of us so much that He gave us the beauties of this earth, the freedom to choose whether or not we'll return to live with Him in heaven again after death, the power to make a reunion possible through the great atoning sacrifice of the life of His beloved Son, Jesus Christ and the free gift of our bodies resurrected to immortal perfection regardless of whether we choose good or evil in our lives. 
God is a separate personage from His Son, Jesus Christ, and from the third member of the Godhead known as the Holy Spirit. God lives in the highest level of his three heavenly kingdoms known as the Celestial degree of glory. He considers us as His children to be the greatest of His creations and therefore He wants us to be happy and be close to Him through prayer and faithfulness to his laws. He always answers our humble and sincere prayers. He created all things on earth for the benefit of humankind. 
The best way to learn about God the Father and His love for you is to learn about His beloved Son, Jesus Christ. God the Father asks us by way of commandment to pray only to Him with faith in the name of His beloved Son, Jesus Christ. Doing so helps us to treat as sacred those things that are of God and to see ourselves in the proper light as His children who have infinite potential for good so that we may become more like God.

Godhead The Godhead consists of three members who are united as one in purpose and doctrine yet they are each separate and distinct beings with different roles. They preside over this world as well as over the other creations of God. Although both the Father and the Son have tangible perfected bodies of flesh and bones, the Holy Ghost (a. k. a. Holy Spirit) is a being of spirit. All three members of the Godhead work together in perfect harmony towards fulfilling God's divine plan for happiness in salvation.

God's Plan for Happiness (Salvation) God intends for all of His children to experience joy in this life as well as beyond this life. All of His laws, the gospel, prophets He calls to teach of Him, our family relationships and the beauty of this earth are all designed for the happiness of humankind. Many times God's children learn by sad experience that trying to find true happiness and fulfillment by doing things that go against eternal laws of God is to reject the only source of true happiness. Deep and lasting joy comes through serving others and great spiritual growth results in such selflessness. Fun is actually a part of the joy of God's plan for happiness. Most people know that we can have fun in life within the limits established by our loving Father in Heaven. Children prove this every day. Wholesome activities and meaningful service bring far more lasting fulfillment than activities that are self-serving and harmful to ourselves or others. 
The Gospel is God's plan for happiness. Long before any of us were born to earth, God's plan for our happiness was put in place so that we could become as God is and inherit a fullness of joy. The Creation, the Fall of Adam and Eve, Christ's great atoning sacrifice and all of the ordinances, laws and doctrines of the gospel create the substance of God's plan for happiness in salvation. It is the highest level of salvation that the Atonement of Jesus Christ provides that brings the greatest joys and makes it possible for us to live again with God in eternal families. 
The Gospel of Jesus Christ provides truths about three phases of existence that consist of pre-earth life (premortal life), mortal life and life after death that answers the deep questions of the soul such as: Where did we come from? Why are we here? Where do we go after death? 
The premortal life is where we all lived in God's presence. The premortal world was a place of learning where each of us advanced in intelligence. Each of us voted before we were born to come to earth and have the opportunity to continue to learn and advance in intelligence and continue to grow spiritually as well as to freely choose to be obedient or disobedient to whatever of God's commandments in truth we learned in life. 
Mortal life is the time span that starts with birth and ends in physical death. Because birth brings a forgetting of our pre-earth life, mortal life is a time where we are each tested to see if we will be faithful to God through obedience to whatever truths and laws we learn of in life and recognize in our hearts are good and of God. This time of testing helps us to ultimately prove to ourselves by our own choices after all is said and done what is most important to us (be it the things of God or the things of this world). Our time spent in life is our opportunity to choose to learn of the Gospel as taught by Christ and to make and keep sacred covenants with God that ensure us the greatest happiness in this life and in the world to come. Learning of the Gospel and teaching others its truths for happiness strengthens our faith in God as we receive and recognize the blessings God gives us for helping others to learn of Christ and freely choose to return to God. 
The world of spirits is where we go when we die. It is there that we wait to be resurrected. Later, when we are resurrected, each of us will meet God at the time of judgment where we will be judged individually by God regarding what we personally did with what we personally learned of Christ and His teachings. 
To emphasize the fact of God's specific method of individual accountability, it should be said this way: At the time when your spirit and body are reunited through the resurrection, you will inherit one of three possible kingdoms of heaven depending upon how deeply you were converted to the Lord and how sincerely you tried to obey the Lord's commandments. This is why it is imperative to know the saving truths about the goodness of God as manifested in His beloved Son Jesus Christ and His great atoning sacrifice which is at the heart of it all. Your actions in life affect your eternal destiny. 
With a correct understanding of God and His plan for our happiness, we can base important life decisions on principles of eternal truth instead of the fluctuating circumstances of life. All that we learn about in life we can take with us into the next life. All of the work that we do to improve our relationships here in life are not a waste since God has made a way for us to live with our loved ones forever as eternal family units in the Celestial level of heaven God's highest of kingdoms and the greatest possible inheritance He can give us if we freely choose it.

Good and Evil (Concept of Opposition) Life is divinely designed to create choices and experiences that are either good or evil. All of those things that lead us closer to Christ and to doing good such as helping others to be happy by doing honorable things through faithful obedience to Gods commandments and thereby being a blessing to those around us and bringing the greatest of blessings upon ourselves – are good and inspired of heaven. All of those things that lead us away from Christ and encourage to do evil such as to disobey eternal laws of God (disobey God’s commands) and thereby experience the natural consequences of disobedience that bring harm to yourself or others is inspired of the devil. 
Opposition gives us contrast so we have the opportunity to choose and experience the results of our choices. When we learn from the sad choices of others so we don't have to experience that pain ourselves, we can progress even faster in wisdom. The same is true of learning by the good examples of others. When we learn of the good choices of others and then we freely choose to follow their good example, we advance faster towards lasting happiness and wisdom. 
God encourages us to make the best choices for good and to obey the laws of the land in which we live. As pertaining to opposition, we would hardly appreciate the great joy and blessings God gives us if we couldn't also experience sorrow and pain. But God assures us that only in this life is sorrow and pain brief but necessary for us to learn from so we can appreciate those things that are good as well as to encourage us to have compassion for others who suffer. 
We know our suffering is temporary because Christ promises to wipe away all tears (including painful and paralyzing memories that cause deep distress in every form of emotional suffering) in the next life through His salvation when we live in heaven. He heals us in this way because He has literally been through what we have been through (see 'Atonement').

Gospel of Jesus Christ ('The Way') God's plan for happiness through salvation for His children. Only through Jesus Christ's atonement is God's plan made possible. Throughout history God's pattern of teaching His complete or full gospel to those people who were ready to receive it has been done through His prophets (i.e. Abraham, Noah, Moses, Jesus Christ etc). The gospel consists of eternal truths (laws, ordinances, and covenants) that are needed by God's children in order that they can return to live in the presence of God in His highest level (Celestial level) of heaven after death. Because the Atonement of Jesus Christ is at the center of the Gospel in God's plan, this is why Jesus Christ is the only Way back to God. This is why Jesus Christ is considered the Way, the Truth and the Life (Eternal Life the highest degree of salvation).

Grace A divine source of help as can only be provided through the perfect love and generous mercy of Jesus Christ. It's Christ's enabling power that He gives to us in this life to help us through difficulties as well as for eternal life so we may be exalted (the greatest degree of salvation) in the next life because we have done our part to prove faithful to Jesus Christ and God (by personally exercising faith in Christ, properly repenting of our individual sins, and doing our best to keep God's commandments). Each of us needs divine grace because of our weaknesses and because of the fall of Adam. But even if we perfectly obeyed all of God's commandments, it is ultimately by the grace of Jesus the Christ that salvation is possible. Jesus makes this clear in His parable of the vine and branches (see KJV bible John 15:1-11, John 1:12-17, Eph. 2:8-9, Philip. 4:13)

Heaven The place where God lives with his holy angels. It is outside of earth. It is a place of peace, happiness and fullness of joy. We can inherit the highest level of heaven (God's highest kingdom of glory) the Celestial level of glory, when we accept the Gospel of Jesus Christ and do our very best to obey the commandments of God. (See Atonement) 

Holy Scriptures Written recorded histories of God's dealings with His children. Prophets called of God are always commanded to keep a record of the people the prophet is called to lead so as to provide several blessings such as an accurate understanding of the nature of God including His love and mercies as well as His will for the greatest happiness of the people the law is provided for. These sacred writings also provide the current or past evidence of  God's fulfillment of his promises since all true prophets that record prophetic forthtellings eventually find those prophecies fulfilled sooner or later. 
A strong evidence of our faith is how we treat the holy scriptures of God. As we study, believe and obey the Lord's revealed word, we put ourselves on God's side and provide ourselves with the greatest opportunities for happiness in this life and the next. Diligent personal study of God's word for us opens the windows of heaven for revelation to be provided for us individually to guide us to know what we should do and become for our greatest happiness and for our unique individual needs and circumstances. Learning about Jesus Christ is the most vital purpose for sincere and diligent scripture study. Through studying and living God's word and His gospel we can significantly strengthen the faith in Christ that we receive as a sacred gift from God.

Influence of the Holy Spirit of God Also called the ‘Holy Ghost,’ ‘Spirit of the Lord,’ or ‘the Comforter,’ the Holy Spirit of God is the third member of the Godhead. The Holy Spirit is a personage of spirit who works in perfect harmony with God the Father and Jesus Christ to help God's children receive divine blessings both for this life as well as the next. He is a testifier of the reality and divinity of both God the Father and Jesus Christ as well as a testifier of all other truths. 
The way that the Holy Spirit testifies to us of truth is by giving us thoughts that teach us of God's truths while also providing a special feeling within our hearts that can only come from God so you have no reason to doubt the source of the feeling and witness. His unique power of communication with our own inner spirit brings the kind of assurance that is far more powerful and lasting in its witnessing influence than any other means of understanding we could get by our natural senses alone. 
The only way any of us can receive a sure testimony of saving truths –– especially a sure testimony of our loving Heavenly Father and His Son, Jesus the Christ–– is through the power of the Holy Spirit of God. He can provide both physical and spiritual protection for us in life. He can provide us comfort and quiet our fears as needed for proper hope. At other times, He may allow us to feel fear as a warning of danger so we can quickly choose to change our course and He will lead us to safety as we pray (either openly or quietly in our heart by our thoughts) and do all we can to get ourselves to a place of peace and safety or by removing a potential danger far from us before it's too late. He often guides us to know what is right for us to do as we make decisions in life. 
Some of the primary ways we can recognize the workings of the Holy Spirit within us are by a feeling of peace in our heart or a feeling of joy (sometimes both) that help us know something we are learning is true. He can remind us of things we have forgotten if it will help us out in life. He can also help us to feel deep gratitude in our heart for God and/or His Son Jesus Christ. To be baptized with the Holy Ghost is to be sanctified. This goes hand in hand with receiving the gift of the Holy Ghost which provides additional special blessings that can only come after one is properly baptized by one having Christ's authority. 
This sacred power and authority is not something any person can take upon themselves or purchase for the sake of power (Hebrews 5:4). Baptism by water only is incomplete without the baptism of the Spirit afterwards. Because the Holy Ghost is a member of the Godhead, only those who receive the Gift of the Holy Ghost (which is different than the influence of the Holy Ghost) can receive the highest level of salvation in heaven after death.

Immortality The condition of being in a resurrected state (a body that is made whole and is perfected where it will no longer be subject to disease or death) with the ability to live forever. A resurrected body is a perfected immortal body that can only be provided by the sacred powers of God as He wills it. Jesus Christ was the great example being the first to receive a resurrected immortal body of perfected flesh and bone. When He was resurrected after His death, everyone recognized Him as He looked the same as He did when he enjoyed good health and walked and talked among them before He died and His resurrection was such a big deal in part because His death was so very public.

Jesus Christ The second member of the Godhead. As the only begotten Son of the Father, he inherited divine traits and attributes as no other in the history of humankind has ever inherited in birth. Jesus’ mother, Mary, made it possible for Him to receive a mortal body but His Father, God, gave Him power over death along with other divine traits and attributes. Although He is one with God united in purpose, He is a separate being from God the Father. 
Jesus lived with all of us as spirit children of the Father before any of us were born to earth. God the Father chose Jesus to be the Redeemer of the world before the earth was even created. Jesus created the earth under the direction of His Father. In the Old Testament He was the Great Jehovah. In the New Testament, He was the promised Messiah. He came to earth to do the will of His Father. God the Father sent His Beloved Son, Jesus Christ, to fulfill the Atonement so that each of us, no matter where we are located around the world (regardless of race, gender or nationality), can have happiness in this life as well as an eternal fullness of joy in the next life. 
Even though He was without sin, He set a good example for all of us by being baptized anyway since baptism is a vital step in righteousness towards salvation. He encourages us to do as He did and so He fulfilled all of His Fathers laws, including the one that requires baptism as a prerequisite for sins to be forgiven. Peace and goodwill was what He lived and taught. He lived his life doing good to others. He worked many miracles such as healing the sick, causing the blind to receive their sight and the crippled to walk. He even raised the dead. He taught eternal truths including the fact of our spiritual existence with God in heaven before earth, the purpose of the experience of our life on earth and our great potential as sons and daughters of God to become perfected and be as God after this life. 
Ever since the days of Adam Christ's first coming (his birth and his death) have been prophesied and He was identified early on by various titles: Wonderful, Counsellor, The Mighty God, The Everlasting Father, The Prince of Peace (Isaiah 9:6). He created the sacrament so we could remember His life as well as His great atoning sacrifice in death. His death was brought about only because He willed it. All of the false charges and the ultimate conviction that brought for Him a sentence of death upon the cross of Calvary became a priceless vicarious gift for all. He willingly gave His life so that all of humankind might live in eternal happiness through His salvation. 
He is the Great Mediator as He is the Advocate at the time of judgment for all who have sincerely sought to do God's will (whereas those who have rejected Christ and His gospel leave themselves open to spiritual defeat as the accuser (Satan) seeks to prevent his own followers from obtaining any heavenly glory or inheritance after death). 
Jesus the Christ carried out the great atoning sacrifice in total and perfect love for us all in fulfillment of His Father's will and was the first of all of God's children to be resurrected (see 'Resurrection'). Hence the wonderful news: He lives! Jesus Christ is the literal living Son of the literal living God. He taught us to pray to God the Father in His name (in the name of Jesus Christ) and God will hear and answer every sincere prayer. 
Those who have never had the opportunity to learn of Christ in their lifetime will have an opportunity after death to learn of Him and His gospel and to freely choose to accept the gospel or not. In this way, the Father assures all who have ever been born an equal opportunity for the highest level of salvation. There is no other in the history of this earth who has had the profound influence that our Savior, Jesus Christ, has had upon everyone who has ever lived or has yet to live on earth. Just as He has fulfilled His promise as foretold by prophets to be born to earth and provide the great atonement, He will return again in fulfillment of the promise given of His heavenly angels immediately after His ascension into heaven (see Acts 1:11). 
The second coming of Jesus Christ will usher in His Millennial Reign of peace on earth and bring an end to all wickedness and strife. It is up to each of us to prepare to meet God later by how we live now day by day and it is in mercy that we let others learn of it so they may also have the opportunity to freely choose to prepare and inherit the greatest of God's gifts: eternal life.

Lucifer He became the Devil (a. k. a.  the Adversary or Satan). Satan is often referred to as the deceiver (Father of all lies), adversary, slanderer, demon and accuser. He is a spirit who is the enemy of all righteousness. He is opposed to all good and thus he is opposed to God. He uses methods contrary to God's plan for happiness to get God's children to follow in his evil ways. He uses lies to trick people into not following God so that Satan may trap souls into doing evil. Whereas God promotes freedom in choice towards happiness and endless progression to become like God in doing good and blessing others, Satan promotes the stifling of progress for good by enslavement and forcing people to do things that always lead sooner or later to misery, pain and destruction. 
The example of destructive addiction is a clear example of Satan’s efforts to lead people away from God and towards destruction. Even the idea to force a person to do good is a method of Satan (since God opposes the idea of forcing anyone to make right choices) as the concept of forcing others to do good is simply a front (even if it begins with misguided intentions for good) as Satan does not intend to make people better at being good or becoming good but rather a careful study of truth reveals it leads to the all consuming lust for power and forced submission which always ends up leading to the misery of the enslaved people and mass death and destruction. The adversary constantly seeks to stop people from doing the will of the Lord. 
Unlike the unlimited powers of God, Satan has limited powers as he does not have the ability to read our minds or to give us feelings of peace or joy. Satan does have many very real powers but God has all control to limit the influence of Satan at any time, in any place for anyone as often as the Lord likes so we may pray to God in faith that God does in fact have the ability to overpower Satan as the Lord wills it for our benefit so that we are not given more than we can handle in life (although we may choose to give ourselves more than we can handle when we choose to sin by going against God's plan of happiness. But even then, God still helps us out when we sincerely ask for it. That's a vital part of the Atonement of Jesus Christ.) But it is a mistake for any of us to underestimate Satan's abilities. 
With deception being the devils craft, he often uses counterfeit means of tricking people into following after him. His primary measure for counterfeit is to take the Lord's gospel and pervert it by mixing it with the ideas taught by humankind which result in false doctrine that is often taken to extremes with the first extreme being a counterfeit of hope as false hope where the false doctrine is taught by good people (most often because they simply don't know the truth) that everyone is saved equally regardless of what sins they may commit in life (meaning there is only mercy and no justice since there are no negative consequences for doing wrong and harming oneself or others so there is no appropriate motivation for doing right. 
We are taught in the bible that our One true God is unchanging which means that only humankind can make changes to how we define God although our changes can never change the truth of who God really is as He Himself has defined in holy scripture. God has taught us that He is a God of perfect love which means a God who is both merciful and just. It is therefore a misunderstanding of truth to believe God is anything other than what He Himself has taught us about Himself.) The key indicator that false hope is used as one of Satan's counterfeits is that it leads people away from the teachings of Christ the author of all truth by offering an alternative method of salvation that is only founded upon partial truths (mixed with the ideas of men and women) rather than God's full truth as only found in the fullness of the gospel. 
The other counterfeit Satan uses (that seems to be more prominent) is a total lack of hope for humankind. Satan uses two methods to remove hope and replace it with despair: by discouraging any belief that the One true God really exists (and therefore neither mercy nor justice exists) or the other extreme of belief in a false God who exists only as a God of justice so once we mess up, the lie is that there is no mercy or forgiveness. But with either method, false hope or none at all, Satan succeeds if we innocently believe his lies or if we maliciously promote them (which is rare for most people to knowingly do). 
Despite his efforts to hide his existence by causing others to not believe the Bible's teachings that Satan really does exist, his path is easily recognized by those who are careful to observe as his path always leads away from Christ and all that is good and instead leads to various forms of destruction, misery and pain. In the battle for our souls it is more of a battle of ideas rather than a physical battle. Satan's strategy is always the same to call good evil and to call evil good. Only where the freedom for a people to openly discuss their beliefs about God and allow freedom of religion to exist can the potential for God's children to learn eternal truths and find lasting peace and happiness become and remain a blessed reality. Take away that freedom and misery eventually engulfs the people and leads to their eventual destruction. If you can't see the enemy coming (such as convincing oneself that no devil exists in life or that there is no right or wrong in our choices) then you're at a tremendous disadvantage that leaves you vulnerable to be tricked and trapped by Satan's deceptive and destructive ways. This is why his enemy, Jesus Christ, is One he doesn't want the world to know of. 
For those who know Christ's teachings have learned who the enemy is and how to spot him (how he deceives us in our lives) and thereby avoid most pain and suffering and live a life of true and lasting happiness. Ultimately Christ will prevail over Satan since the message of all of God's true prophets and apostles have been that truth and righteousness (the fullness of  the Gospel) bring the peace and triumph that will bring an end to deception, sin and war. 
Those who are faithful to Christ will prevail victoriously over their enemies and all other afflictions including the final triumph over Satan. It is through the power of Jesus Christ that the triumph of righteousness over wickedness will be a lasting triumph.

Mercy It consists of feelings of patience, tenderness, compassion, love and forgiveness. Mercy is a natural byproduct of humility. Mercy is a characteristic trait of God. He expresses His mercy perfectly in the humble atoning sacrifice of His divine Son, Jesus Christ. God's mercy through Christ is available to each of us upon His conditions of our repentance.

Mortality (a.k.a. Mortal Life) The time period starting with birth until physical death. Because birth brings a forgetting of our pre-earth life, mortal life is a time where we are each tested to see if we will be faithful to God through obedience to whatever truths and laws we learn of in life and recognize in our hearts are good and of God. This time of testing helps us to ultimately prove to ourselves by our own choices after all is said and done what is most important to us (be it the things of God or the things of this world). Our time spent in life is our opportunity to choose to learn of the Gospel as taught by Christ and to make and keep sacred covenants with God that ensure us the greatest happiness in this life and in the world to come. Learning of the Gospel and teaching others its truths for happiness strengthens our faith in God as we receive and recognize the blessings God gives us for helping others to learn of Christ and freely choose to return to God.

Obedience and Disobedience to Commandments Because God's commandments exist for our benefit, our keeping of his laws results in our living happier lives of more abundant freedom. One of the first lessons God gave in the garden of Eden was the freedom to choose between good and evil or obedience and disobedience to his commandments. Although disobedience always proves sooner or later to bring sorrow, God never forces any of his children to do what is right. The best way we can show we love God is to keep His commandments (John 14:15) and the best way for us to feel close to God and to most easily feel His love for us personally (individually as His children) is when we keep His commandments (John 15:10). 
It is through our best efforts of faithful obedience to His commandments in this life that activates the saving effect of Christ's atoning sacrifice for those who prove faithful to receive blessings and peace in this life as well as the great gift of eternal life in the next world. He knows we are not perfect and therefore God is patient with us when we at times struggle to obey His laws. No matter how many times we mess up, as long as we keep trying our honest best, starting over with real, sincere intents to do better next time, we’re more likely to be better at doing good. As long as we do our best to obey Him, God blesses us.

Physical death when our eternal spirit leaves our body. Our spirit cannot die or in other words, our spirit cannot cease to exist. You have been you (and I have been me) for a very, very long time. Spiritual death is when we are out of God's presence and removed or separated from his influence. The Atonement of Jesus Christ solves both problems of physical death and spiritual death.

Prayer Because God is the father of our spirits He is eager to help us in our times of need. Prayer becomes easier to do when we have confidence that God is good and loves us perfectly (this is just one of many reasons it is vital for children to have a father who is a good role model who sincerely tries to follow Christ since our first introduction to the concept of fatherhood is when we are children. Those who have good dads are more likely to have a belief in the goodness of God and His love whereas those who have absentee fathers or abusive fathers may find it more difficult to believe in God's love for us. But despite the example of our earthly father, our Heavenly Father loves us deeply and perfectly and forever and His primary work is to help us to live after the ways of happiness (God's ways). 
When we pray to God effectively, we get Heavenly Father's will and our own will to communicate one to another not for the purposes of changing God's will but rather to receive for us and those we love those blessings God wants to give us. In order to get the blessings God is eager to provide for us all we have to do is ask with sincere intent (meaning that we are willing to do our part to get the blessings God has for us and use them for good). 
The proper way to pray is that we must pray to our Father in Heaven in the name of Jesus Christ. First we thank Him for our blessings and then we ask for those things we need as well as praying for others to be blessed. A key we can remember for success in prayer is that if we want to get specific answers to our prayers, we must ask for specific blessings. If we pray as if everything depends upon God for the answers but go and work as if everything depends upon us for our prayers to be answered, we'll find we work hand-in-hand with God to get the blessings He has for us and for those we pray for. God does not desire to do for us those things we can honestly do for ourselves since the more dependent we become upon others the less freedom we have and our Father in Heaven is a God who encourages the freedom to do for ourselves and enjoy the strengthened self-confidence that comes as well as encouraging us to be a blessing for others. 
Many times God answers our prayers by the selfless service of others. Another way he answers our prayers is by helping our abilities to be suited to our tasks. 
We can ask him if something is true and He will let us know through the power of the Holy Ghost if we ask sincerely and do all we can to discover the truth for ourselves in preparation for the special witness of His Holy Spirit. Do your best to show respect for God when praying by using words that convey feelings of reverence and love. Also try not to use 'vain repetitions' (Matt. 6:7). 
It is best to address Him during prayer with sacred reverence for His name by using the pronouns used in scriptures such as Thee, Thou, Thy and Thine. Ultimately your prayers don't have to be perfect as long as you are sincere. As we make personal prayer a daily habit we will learn more about God, feel closer to him, understand His teachings and find our lives are happier and more fulfilling as we use prayer for the highest of God's designs for us to become like He is. Through counting our many blessings each day we will learn just how generous and wise God is in how abundantly He blesses each of us as His children. So when we offer to Him prayers of gratitude that tell Him we recognize that all of our blessings and our rights come from Him, we will see how He desires to bless us even more. 
Prayer was specifically designed by God to ultimately provide each of us his highest of blessings if we freely choose to ask for and accept them as He provides for us in his own time and in his own way the very best of His blessings.

Pre-earth life (Premortality)The time before we were born when we lived with God as his spirit children in heaven. (see God's Plan for Happiness)

Prophet Those men who are inspired to speak for God. Prophets such as Moses, Isaiah, Noah and Jesus Christ are some of the prophets God has called to teach people the Gospel. The pattern of God calling prophets has been around since the days of Adam. True prophets called of God have always done the same things: they have taught people God's character, revealed the full meaning of God's dealings with humankind –– especially pertaining to the house of Israel and kept records of the teachings God has revealed during their time as prophets as well as what happened with the people who received or rejected the teachings God revealed by His prophet. 
It has always been the prophet’s duty to speak out against sin and warn of the eternal consequences of sin while emphasizing a love for all of God’s children (as sinners) despite our weaknesses and imperfections as prophets also are to set a good example by living an honorable life and treating others with the proper care and respect. 
Prophets are called first and foremost to preach righteousness and in cases where people have pushed away a true belief and faith in Jehovah (in the Old Testament) or Jesus Christ (of the New Testament) a prophet is to help restore God's truths as a means of bringing God's children back to a proper worship of and faith in God. True faith in God comes from correcting false views of God's character and clarifying what God requires for our salvation. 
As pertaining to predictions, prophets have frequently been forthteller's of important events often with a focus on the kingdom of the Messiah. Other key patterns of true prophets have been that they testify of the divine Sonship of Jesus Christ and His great atoning sacrifice as well as quoting other prophets who have done the same for the purposes of strengthening our faith in Jesus Christ. Prophets also may receive power from God to translate ancient records.

Redeemer (a. k. a. Jesus Christ) The only One who is divinely appointed to remove the consequences of sin. When any of us commits sin we become a slave to the Devil who holds our souls unless we are ransomed by a power greater than our own. Jesus Christ is the One who holds the power to ransom us by saving us from spiritual death and hell (one of the negative consequences of sin) as well as the ability to deliver us from the hold the grave has on us in physical death. Because spiritual redemption refers to a deliverance from sin, it is imperative to have a correct understanding of Jesus' Atonement which makes such redemption possible. Because Jesus Christ is the Son of God and only sinless person on earth, He was the only one capable of paying the price of sin for all of humankind and also the only one who could make resurrection possible for all people. (See Atonement)

Redemption See Atonement, the Fall of Adam and Eve

Repentance Faith in Christ and a love for God and others leads us to sincere repentance. Repentance is a significant change in how we think, what we believe and a change to stop doing things that are not in harmony with God's laws. When we sincerely repent, we see God in a better light as well as ourselves and the world in a better light (often with optimism for our potential to improve our efforts for doing good). We stop doing things that are wrong and we keep doing things that are right. True repentance is at the very core of the test of our lives. 
To pass the test of mortal life we should be diligent in working towards sincerely aligning our will with God's. It is a mistake for any of us to say God is on our side but it is always right for us to seek to put ourselves on God's side. Through the grace of Christ the atonement is made possible for our salvation after we've done all we can do to prove our obedience to the commandments of God. Sincere repentance means caring more about what God thinks of our sins rather than what people think of our sins. It means we care more about what happens to others we may have harmed as well as our eternal salvation more than caring about any embarrassment or material or other worldly losses that come as a natural yet uncontrolled consequence from our choice to sin. We must confess all of our sins to God through personal prayer as well as confess to those we have harmed or deceived in any way. 
Serious sins need to be confessed to God's authorized leaders in His church. All sins should be corrected to the best of our ability (via restitution) and we should not wait to confess our sins only after evidence proves our guilt. 
Repentance changes us for the better, makes the world a better place and gives us hope in our potential to inherit the highest level of heaven after death thanks to the Atonement of Jesus Christ. The results of repentance also include feeling God's love more easily in our hearts as we experience peace of conscience and divine forgiveness. It plays a key role towards our individual happiness. But since we are not perfect we are bound to make mistakes from time to time in life. So we must keep repenting. 
As we practice repentance daily (not as a means to excuse sin by planning to repent later since true repentance requires we make a daily diligent effort to never repeat the same sin again) we will find ourselves happier and more successful in our abilities to master a more productive use our time for good and our desires to do good will increase. Real repentance leads us to Christ who can ultimately provide for us and those we love the greatest of joys. (See also Atonement, Jesus Christ and God's Plan for our happiness.)

Resurrection The reuniting of a person’s spirit body with their perfected physical body of tangible flesh and bones after death to never be separated ever again because of the immortal state of the newly resurrected body. The resurrection is possible only because of the Atonement of Jesus Christ. He was the first of God's children to be resurrected.

Salvation See Jesus Christ and Atonement

Savior of the World See Jesus Christ

Sin A refusal of an individual (man or woman or child old enough to understand the basics of right and wrong) to keep the commandments (laws) of God. Sin brings about an estrangement from God which results in a spiritual death. Because we are all free to choose to sin or not, we are not, however, free to choose the consequences of sin. Therefore, when we sin, we lose control over our own will by becoming a slave to sin and thus experience spiritual death. Sin and sorrow go hand-in-hand since even if the sorrow takes time to manifest, it always comes sooner or later. The atonement of Jesus Christ causes us to all be accountable for our individual choices in life. We may receive forgiveness for our sins as we do our best efforts to obey the laws of God as taught by the gospel of Jesus Christ which will help us to be forgiven so we may have eternal life and live again with God in heaven (a state of eternal peace and happiness) after death.

Time of Judgment After death there is appointed a time for each of us to meet God. This time is known as the 'Judgment' or 'Final Judgment.' At the time of judgment, we will each be resurrected and be held accountable for our own individual sins as we are judged individually by God through Jesus Christ. The final judgment results in our receiving an eternal reward of God. The reward we receive will depend upon how obedient we were to the commandments of God which includes if we chose to accept or reject the atoning sacrifice of Jesus Christ.

To Die Spiritually This is a death of (or end of) choosing things that are righteous. It is when we become separated from God and His influences. To be spiritually dead while still living on earth is what happens to those who choose evil behaviors, entertain evil thoughts and/or speak lies and other forms of wickedness in their communications with others. Christ gives us hope that each of us can overcome our own spiritual death through the Atonement of Jesus Christ and thereby become cleansed from the spiritual stains of sin as we do our best to obey the principles and ordinances of the Gospel.

To Have Sins Forgiven The Lord has taught us that in order for us to be forgiven of God, we must forgive others who have sinned against us (Matt 6:12, 15). Although we may forgive others for their sins against us, that does not remove the guilty person's responsibility to fully repent as the Lord requires which includes doing his or her best to correct the sin(s) he or she committed. For us to be forgiven of our sins, the Lord provides for us His great atoning sacrifice for our salvation upon conditions of our repentance. (See Repentance, Atonement and God’s Plan for Happiness)

To Live Again with God See Eternal Life 

Tree of Knowledge of Good and Evil See Fall of Adam and Eve



Financial Terms (This is not a complete list of terms.)


401(k) Plan A retirement savings account partially funded by employer contributions (often referred to as a company or employer “match”) which allows employees who contribute to postpone or “defer” paying the income tax on their contributions and earnings accumulated by those contributions until they take out or “withdraw” that money after retiring. Without the company match, a 401(k) may not be as good as an IRA that you have yet to contribute the maximum to. (Historical reminder: Buying your employers stock with your retirement money is probably not a good idea. Remember what happened with Enron and Worldcom. The people who made millions off their employers stock are the exception (it doesn’t happen very often), not the rule. More often it’s the people who invest in their employers stock in their 401(k) or receive their employers stock as a matching contribution for retirement or allow their employer to pay them in stock options that the day comes when they (the employees) realize what they have in their account is basically worthless and there’s no turning back the clock to correct what has become a devastating financial loss for those who naively let it happen.

Asset Anything that makes you money can be considered an asset. If it brings you a positive cash flow, it’s an asset. If it puts money into your pocket it’s an asset. Some examples of assets would be Real Estate that provides you with a positive cash flow, your savings in your bank, debt that someone owes you and pays you with interest, etc. You get the idea. (Note: A person can be an asset to a team or group effort by the contribution of their talents or skills rather than providing a financial benefit.)

Bank a financial institution, often insured by the FDIC, to store or save your money that may or may not earn much interest.

Budget (or Budgeting) A means of controlling your spending and creating responsible personal financial habits so as to reach some desired goal. Often the best reason for saving money through a personalized budget is to create capital that can then be grown through wise investing (obtaining an ROI that will beat inflation and taxes enough to also create a surplus of money thanks to the fact that you did your moneymaking homework by researching to find great investments) to create wealth. This way you don’t have to live out your retirement years in a place that has so much junk in the front yard that people drive by always thinking you’re having a yard sale but are too scared to get any closer to see just exactly what it is that’s possibly for sale.

Budget Priorities To make sure you are budgeting the right things in the right order for the greatest chances for financial success. For the highest success, budget to pay tithing first (ideally you'll pay at least ten percent to your favorite church or charity), then you'll pay yourself by creating needed savings and investment accounts (emergency savings, then retooling and retirement accounts), then budget taxes, then insurance (primarily miscellaneous health insurance needs including dental) and then budget for living expenses and all other needs. Those who put savings last never seem to save enough to handle life successfully or learn that they probably need to earn more to save more and thus enjoy more of their own money. 
To be truly financially self-reliant and charitable (by paying tithing), it is best to plan on pursuing employment that will bring in at least a half a million dollars a year. Pursuing entrepreneurial endeavors that most effectively utilize your talents (those things you seem to be naturally good at doing and/or most passionate about) while making the world a better place and praying to God for guidance to know you're on the right track for accumulating your wealth in the right ways and for the right reasons is the best and fastest way to achieve the financial success you desire. Seek to help others in your success and give God the credit for all of your blessings and the rights he so benevolently bestows upon us and miracles will happen for your good. Then teach others to do and experience the same. (And don't give up on doing what you know and feel is right for you to do when obstacles get in the way. When you make sure you're on God's side, things eventually work out.)

Business Owner Also known as an entrepreneur, when someone owns a business (usually a large business) but has a system in place that is proven reliable for 4 or 5 years, then the business owner who created the company and its system may eventually leave the business to run on its own and yet make even more money because he or she (the business owner) is not there but is out either opening anther franchise of that business or starting a different one while someone trustworthy keeps the first business running profitably. 
Often times a business owner recognizes he or she has a good idea (such as Dave Thomas – the founder of Wendy’s fast food burger franchise) but cannot be the expert in everything nor can he or she be everywhere all the time. So, with the example of Dave, he hired accountants to help him track his money, employees to make burgers and drinks etc, attorneys to help with the legal aspects of owning and running a business, investment advisors to counsel him on how to protect and invest his profits etc. Usually the person with the idea for a business will have an active role in creating the system for the first 4 or 5 years or longer and then eventually lets go (yet still maintains ownership) by delegating responsibilities to others so that he or she may grow the business in other ways. 
Once you have a proven business system in place (where it shows steady growth for the first 5 years or more and you know who will handle what responsibilities to keep it running smoothly etc) then you can begin to look into expanding by adding more locations. By the time Dave Thomas had over a dozen successful Wendy’s restaurants in operation, it became clear that the opportunity for Wendy’s restaurant franchises was his future. Owning successful franchises is a key to making tens of millions to hundreds of millions in profits. McDonalds is certainly an extreme example of this. (See also Entrepreneur)

Capital Money you invest or any form of affluence that is used to create more affluence.

Capital Gains Tax Taxes on profits from the sale of an investment such as stock.

Charitable Self-reliance This is a form of self reliance where you actually practice one-on-one, face to face charity rather than passing the buck by sending someone in need to someone else. The primary reason so many churches and other charitable non-profits go into the red in their local charitable budgets is because too many people have been passing the responsibility to care for those in need to someone else. When we work with the goal of becoming wealthy enough to be in an economically independent position to personally provide money and other assistance generously to the poor on a one-on-one, face to face basis –– of our own free will, without being pushed to do so by someone else and especially without expecting reimbursement for it (because we don’t need reimbursement)–– then we are practicing charitable self-reliance. It’s this practice that keeps local churches and charities in the black with their charitable budgets and better able to care for those in need when no one else is available or willing to help. 
It’s better to give to someone that asks for help rather than to withhold in skepticism because if you don’t give to someone that asks for help and claims a need because you think they are lying BUT then you find out from God after you get old and die that the person who asked really was telling the truth and really did need the money or help for good reasons, then God will blame you and hold you accountable if you decided not to help someone in need when you could have helped them. If you are in a position of power to help them, such as having the money they need, but you don’t help them then you could be at fault in God’s eyes for whatever challenges the person in need had because you withheld your help.
On the other hand, if someone asks you for help, such as for money, and you help them and if they were lying then that’s on them and they’ll have to answer to God for lying to you. You’ll get a stamp of approval from God for following the Christian virtue of generous charity. You’ll get a stamp of approval for treating them with kind belief rather than cold skepticism because kind belief is charitable.
So by giving to someone that asks you for help, when you can give them whatever help you can, you can’t be wrong. That’s an important way we can ‘love one another.’ It’s the best route to take because you can’t go wrong by helping. But you can be wrong if you don’t help when someone really needed it but they may not have had the time or the circumstances or ability to prove they were telling the truth and needed the help they were requesting. So just help when you can. Besides it’s the true Christian thing to do. (You may want to remember that the next time you pray for the Lord’s generous blessings in your life and you don’t want Him to turn you away –– especially when you’re asking for forgiveness of sins.)

Company (Business) A group of people that handle the running of a commercial or industrial operation.

Contract A legal document (usually expensive pieces of paper because of the combined cost of expertise and needed paperwork to make it enforceable by law) that outlines an agreement often between two or more competent people (or companies) that offers rewards for doing what you agree to do and consequences for breaking the rules. A contract is ultimately a binding agreement used for two or more people who are trying to work together to achieve a basically unified goal. Contracts are a large part of doing business in the world of money and investments.

Debt Money owed to an individual or business. But you probably already knew that. Ultimately, those people that are the most financially successful and live with integrity have no debt. None. They don’t owe anyone any money ever.
But if you have to use debt, keep in mind that there is good debt and bad debt. Good debt has a low interest rate and the money is used to eventually increase your net worth – such as a small business loan or a college loan or a mortgage with a large up front payment (at least 50% up front or a.k.a. “the down payment”) to buy a home. Bad debt is usually in the form of those plastic cards in your wallet known as credit cards when you only pay the minimum balance on them. Bad debt often has high interest rates and the money is often used to pay for things you really don’t need and that often depreciate in value. Really bad debt is when you purchase on your credit card 10,000 Rubber Ducky Sponge Bath collectors items “just in case.” (“Just in case” of what – I don’t know.)

Defined Contribution Plan Created decades ago to primarily save money for employers, defined contribution pensions put the burden of saving for retirement primarily on the employee (who often do not earn enough money to properly assume the tremendous responsibility of saving and investing for their own future retirement). Because defined contribution plans limit the level of contributions that can be made to the plan, unless the investments get absolutely stellar returns on a continual basis (such as a minimum 16% or more ROI) the employee simply will not be able to accumulate a sufficient amount needed for a secure retirement (primarily because the employee can't contribute enough 1) due to rule limits and 2) because of the employees insufficient income during his or her working years.
But even with a stellar return of 16% ROI it is still not enough to overcome the eroding power of taxes.
Although defined contribution plans are often praised for allowing employees the choice of where to invest their account, this isn't always the case since many employers make the primary decisions about the account choices and since the employer is looking to save money for themselves, this often results in poor account selections for employees. Also, even when employees are given the choice, too often they are not educated enough in matters of investments to recognize what makes a good investment for their unique circumstances (as every person must be considered unique in order to get the best financial advice) and when they do pick the right account for their needs, they too often don't earn enough to begin with to save enough each year for retirement.
So although the older practice of employers providing defined benefit plans that didn't offer the option for employees to participate in the account selection process, employees didn't need to participate (and often weren't educated enough in matters of financial literacy specific to investment decisions to best do so) since the employer paid often for the best experts to help them to get the math right so that faithful employees who gave their best work for several decades of loyal service wouldn't feel ripped off after such dedicated service to their employers. But since defined contribution plans are far more common today, many employees no longer expect their employee retirement plan to accurately reflect their value as an employee after several years of loyal work for their employer.
Common defined contribution plans of today are the 401(k), 403(b) and 457 plans. The choice by companies to move the liability of successful retirement savings and planning onto employees via the concept of the defined contribution plan may prove to be one of the biggest contributing factors to what may very likely be seen as one of the largest financial catastrophe's to have ever hit multiple generations (beginning with the baby boomers) since the Great Depression.
The fact that most major corporations have switched to offering more defined contribution plans to save money begs the question that, if a major multibillion dollar corporation can’t afford to pay for an effective retirement plan for an employee then where is the logic in thinking that the average lower income employee can afford it? If big companies can’t afford to set aside the minimum twenty five percent or more needed to ensure a sufficient retirement income for each employee, then where is the logic in thinking that the average employee, who earns no where near the billions that big companies do, can afford it?
This is yet another reason for people to do all that they can to find the entrepreneurial spirit within them to create their own wealth through career choices that make the world a better place and allow them the greatest chance to earn six figures or more (ideally a half a million dollars or more per year) and to give back by tithing first and teaching others to do likewise through their own efforts towards true financial self-reliance as only the power of entrepreneurism can bring.

Dental Insurance An insurance policy that covers or pays for a portion of various dental related procedures and services such as cleanings, fillings, extractions etc. Dental costs in any given month can be the most expensive health related costs a family can face, paying easily four to five times the amount compared to other typical doctor related expenses such as seeing a doctor for flu related symptoms or keeping a doctor’s appointment to deal with a skin rash. If you’ve ever had a really bad toothache, you know how important dental insurance is to have when you least expected you’d need it. Word to the wise: If you don’t have enough (or any) dental insurance – get it as quickly as you can. 
Remember, the first stage of effective digestion to optimize your chances for obtaining the maximum nutritional benefit possible from any meal, begins in the mouth. (And most dentists will probably tell you it’s best to floss daily the teeth you want to keep. Usually that’s all of your teeth.)

Disability Insurance Insurance that covers you by providing money in the event you become unexpectedly disabled (like from a car accident) and cannot work. It’s a good idea to have a good disability insurance policy (as well as good health insurance) as a part of your emergency preparedness plan (which includes having at least six to twelve months of emergency savings to cover all of your personal or family living expenses in the event you become unemployed or temporarily disabled) before you start to save money for investing.
(Reminder: Your emergency savings is never to be used for investing. Ideally it is after you have twelve months of income and needed supplies set aside for emergencies that you would then begin to set aside money for investing.) If you are not self-employed (where you own your own business) many times you can get disability insurance at a discount through your employer. And if you’re one of those people who thinks “I could never become disabled. That would never happen to me…” then you’re like a lot of people and should therefore go back and read the previous definition of bankruptcy –– especially the last few lines of it. 
Living your life without disability and health insurance and then getting into an accident or getting a crippling disease is a great way to have your life fall apart financially for years in ways that are incredibly difficult to overcome. You’d be surprised how many people are in homeless shelters or are living out of their car because they got sick unexpectedly (after previously having great health) and were not prepared financially. Don’t let that be you.

Emergency Savings Something people too often don't save and plan adequately for. Unexpected financial emergencies are a key factor in why many people unrepentantly become homeless. Emergencies that are 'unexpected' are considered such usually because of either denial or a lack of intelligence (or more accurate understanding) regarding proper personal financial planning and budgeting. Common unexpected life problems that are often expensive to solve are: medical (health) problems, a loved ones unexpected major needs (spouse, child, parent etc), property damage (home or car), income loss (job loss, death of spouse, divorce, investment losses) and legal problems (litigation – prosecution or defense needs) are some of many problems that can occur in life when you least expect it or worse, when you can least afford it. It is imperative that an adequate emergency savings be in place at all times throughout life. 
Because most of us are not wealthy, we must do our best to work towards greater financial self-reliance so we can properly support ourselves during an emergency and teach others to do the same. For some, the least amount needed for an emergency savings is roughly sixty-five thousand dollars and it could go up to one hundred and sixty-five thousand dollars or more. Every time money is used for an emergency that money needs to be replenished as quickly as possible. The two primary reasons most American's do not have a sufficient emergency reserve in place is due to an inadequate annual income earnings (low paying employment) and because people make the financially fatal mistake of putting the goal of savings at the bottom of their budget to be done last if at all. 
So to solve the problem of emergency savings deficiencies, earn enough income each year (ideally five hundred thousand dollars minimum or more), live frugally and put savings for emergencies (as well as for retirement and retooling) near the top of your list right after tithing (which should come first). Just make sure that your emergency savings are 'highly liquid' which means it's easy to access and use (like cash or gold) or easy to convert into cash such as money market fund shares or US Treasury bills. Using 'illiquid' investments is a mistake for emergency use since illiquid investments (such as stocks, bonds or commodities that are not actively traded on the market) are harder to sell quickly without experiencing a large loss. 
Those that earn a sufficiently high income and save enough for all emergencies are basically self-insured. Those Americans that are wealthy enough to be self-ensured through honorable career and budgeting efforts tend to sleep better at night than those that struggle to pay their own bills due to their low income and high debt.

Employee Someone who works for someone else.

Employer Someone who hires someone to work for them.

Entrepreneur One who owns a business and therefore often assumes any risks in that business. Entrepreneurs make up a significantly large portion of the demographics for millionaires and multimillionaires. If you are an entrepreneur, you choose your own hours of when you work and you choose who you work with. Although it provides great freedom in many ways, it comes at the price of risk. If you are careful with your spending, planning and time, and if you do your research and work with the right experts to increase your chances of success (making calculated risks) by following their advice, you will enjoy your work more because you will have a greater likelihood for success. Entrepreneurs are many times good for the economy as they provide more jobs –– especially when they provide better paying jobs. 
An Entrepreneur who focuses on making the world a better place is one who practices higher, more noble strategies as an entrepreneur who earns their income with integrity and high moral values. Honorable entrepreneurs provide products and/or services that truly bless the lives of others such as improving medical technology (for both humans and animals), providing high quality education (including high quality financial literacy), advancing automotive safety technologies, supporting families, and helping people to become better in as many good and noble ways as possible (such as strengthening their faith in Jesus Christ) and gives back to his or her community by donating to good causes or through creating philanthropic programs that truly bless the lives of others and make the world a better place. 
This usually means they avoid selling destructive products and services such as alcoholic beverages, tobacco, gambling, violent entertainment (such as extremely violent video games or extremely violent movies) or things that are sexually explicit in any way or support the adult entertainment industry through pornography etc. (See also Self-employed Business Owner)

Familiarity Something you must have with any investment you are thinking of putting money into. Yes, this usually means doing your profit producing homework to make sure it’s a good investment that you’re comfortable with and have some confidence in. A good example might be choosing to invest in a large oil and gas company versus a snow boarding and athletic apparel company. If you snow board regularly, know the brand names that are the best, read up on what’s new and basically live and breathe the snow boarding lifestyle because you love it – yet the only thing you know about the oil and gas industry is that it somehow is connected to the convenience store where you buy snow boarding magazines and gas for your car so you can catch the next fresh powder of snowfall – then you might want to stay away from the oil and gas industry and look more closely at considering the industry you already love: that of winter recreational activities such as snow boarding and the industries related to it (winter athletic apparel, snow boarding manufacturers, winter ski resorts etc). 
The same principle applies to real estate versus commodities. If your dad managed a gold mine for 30 years and you worked there for a few years before graduating college, you may be more up to date on gold as it relates to the commodities market. If this were the case then you may be more comfortable and confident in your decision making regarding gold related market trends and investment opportunities than any real estate investing that you’ve never ever done before.

Fee Only Advisor Professional advisors who charge an hourly rate for services and make no money on clients who follow their plan. Not commission based advisors.

Financial Literacy A concept whose time has come! To be sufficiently educated about money and investing for the purposes of being truly financially self-sufficient with integrity and being able to teach others (such as your children and your children’s children etc) to do the same. It’s a great ulcer prevention program when understood and applied correctly. It can be taught at almost any age but ideally it should be taught as early in life as possible; the sooner the better.

Fixed Income Investments Another way of describing an investment bond.

Fund A pool of money. (i.e. A mutual fund, insurance fund or pension fund etc)

Gain Money made as profits on the sale of an asset. When you sell a bond, stock, mutual fund or other financial investment for more than the purchase price a gain is realized.

Gold A mineral that’s considered a precious metal. It has intrinsic value which means it can never be worthless. (See also Precious Metals)

Health Insurance An insurance policy that usually pays a portion of your health related expenses such as doctors bills, prescriptions and inpatient or outpatient hospital expenses. Since medical bankruptcy is one of the leading forms of bankruptcy in the U.S., it is very unwise to live without sufficient medical insurance through an insurance company that is truly reliable meaning they actually have a good track record of honoring and paying the claims their clients submit (unlike some companies that are unethical in that they take your money but then suddenly tell you they won’t cover your medical needs once a real life-or-death emergency arises – such as Cancer.)

Homeless When you don't have a place to live on a regular basis because you can't afford to pay for your own housing. People who are homeless are often the most vulnerable to becoming victims of a variety of crimes. Many people that are homeless actually have a full-time job. They are known as the working homeless.

Hope – Something that gives promise for the future; an expectation of a fulfilled dream or promise. Hope is something each of us must have in order to exercise proper faith for both our temporal (financial) salvation and spiritual salvation. Do your best not to let anyone tear you from hope unless your expectations are extremely unrealistic. True friends help us to recognize realistic hopes vs. unrealistic hopes but tend to lean more towards optimism because miracles still happen. Many times miracles still happen even when doubters tell you something isn’t possible. 
Generally speaking, when someone doubts a truly realistic possibility for an expectation for success that you feel justifies hope, the doubters either don’t understand the subject matter (of your hopes and/or dreams) well enough to see how it could work, or they don’t know (or believe in) God and His miracles very well or – worse – they don’t want you to succeed because if you succeed in reaching your dreams then they may no longer have a justifiable excuse for their own mediocrity. (And the worst of the worst is that they don’t want you to succeed because then they will lose a degree of power over you if they have aspirations against your freedoms or a lack of belief in your potential to wisely handle whatever freedoms you may receive in your success.)
Do well with your life and treat others with the proper kindness and respect and you’ll prove to them that you’re very capable of being responsible and noble with your independence. This often results in finding others who are also good, successful people (responsible with their wealth) who will support you in your freedom and success. It already takes a lot of determination to succeed even with a cheerleader, but you have to especially be one tough and determined person to make it financially when you feel that you yourself are your only cheerleader. Do what you can to surround yourself with those who give you the right hope and cheer you on to fulfill your noblest of aspirations and you’ll be far more likely to succeed.

Income A financial increase or gain that usually comes from labor (such as working at a job), or owning a business or from investment property (such as owning an apartment complex).

Individual Retirement Account (IRA) An account or fund that is tax-deferred and is used to save and invest money for retirement planning. IRA’s can be opened whether or not you are employed and are separate from a 401(k) and thus do not receive any employer matches or contributions. IRA’s, like 401(k)’s, have tax savings but IRA’s have more investing options than 401(k)’s (with IRA’s you have the whole market to choose from). As with most retirement accounts there are limitations to how much money can be put in (based upon your income) and there are fees and penalties for early withdrawal of funds. But be sure to check the tax laws to make sure they haven’t changed how an IRA is defined or operates.

Inflation A fact of life we all live with when consumer demand increases as it relates to the supply of goods or services which then causes a rise in prices of goods and services. Lots of demand and low supply brings inflation. An example would be that if the supply of toilet paper suddenly dropped (maybe because everyone at the toilet paper factories went on strike) to the point where only a few rolls could be sold to a single family per month – then the cost of toilet paper would rise higher than normal since there are more people with money to buy it than there are rolls to sell. (Probably Kleenex, napkins and paper towel costs would rise too since any one of them could be used as a substitute for toilet paper in an emergency.)
Not having your national currency backed by gold (or a bimetallic system) and then having a government print money and increase the national debt is a major cause for excessive inflation that can impoverish (create poverty among) the masses and impoverish a nation. To understand the risks of hyperinflation that historically quickly collapses (destroys the value of) a national currency, study to understand the practice of Quantitative Easing or Q. E..

Insurance A way for an individual or company to have a guarantee of protection or safety (usually financially – but not always). Insurance is something you get in writing (a “policy”) that provides coverage through a contract where your insurance provider (i.e. State Farm, Allstate or Geico etc – companies that are in the business of insuring people or property) agrees to guarantee you against a specified loss. Insurance can also be referred to in a specific total amount such as if a person says: “I have $1,000,000 in life insurance with a company and I need to increase it because it’s not enough to support my family long term in the event I die.” There are a number of different kinds of insurance. Examples of some are: life insurance, auto insurance, health insurance, homeowners insurance, renters insurance, fire or flood insurance and various forms of business insurance (such as medical malpractice insurance and Errors and Omissions (E&O) insurance).

Interest This is not the kind of interest you express in a new game you want to play or the kind you express when you really like someone. Again, like all of the other definitions here, this one has to do with money. There are basically two kinds of interest affecting what’s in your wallet or bank account. The first has to do with debt where the interest is a charge for borrowed money that is usually a percentage of the amount borrowed (i.e. Money is loaned through ABC bank with an interest rate of 15%). The second has to do with investing where the interest is the return received by money (or capital) on its investment (i.e. “I just had a great last quarter with my portfolio because I earned 18%!”). If you’ve ever heard the saying, “Those who understand interest earn it, and those who don’t understand it pay it” now you know why that is so often quoted by people who are working to be an Enlightened Millionaire in the making. (See also the definition of R.O.I.) Another meaning for ‘interest’ can refer to one’s ownership in a business or their opportunities to profit from a business.

Intuition This is often described as a feeling you get when you’re making a decision and you feel it’s either a good choice or a bad choice. It’s also called a “gut feeling.” This is something you should always listen to and never ignore. Just as with anything else, in the world of financial investments, your intuition can be helped along by learning all that you can about what you’re considering doing or investing in. 
An example may be of when you’re about to sign an investment agreement to buy a thousand shares of a certain company’s stock, and you get an uneasy feeling and the thought comes to you of something like, “I still haven’t had the time to look at the company’s income statement, balance sheet, and cash flow statement –– especially since looking at its balance sheet and cash flow statement is a big factor in knowing if the company I’m about to invest in is actually viable (having a good chance for success). I really need to do that.” If you were to hypothetically get a thought like this –– especially if you’re also feeling hesitant –– that probably means you should wait to sign and hand over your money until you’ve looked at the things that you were thinking about (the company’s income statement, balance sheet and cash flow statement –– especially the balance sheet and cash flow statement) and then make your decision after you’ve finished your profit producing and loss preventing homework (research) on those things. 
Whether it relates to money matters, moral matters or any other matter, when you follow through on your thoughts or intuition with serious decisions that make a big difference in your life or the life of others, you increase your chances of having a happier and more successful life as well as reduce the number of experiences of decisions made that you’ll regret. Intuition has a close cousin that is known as a “conscience” (also phrased as “having a conscience”) to help you decide in moral matters of right and wrong. It’s a great blessing when you listen to it and make right or good decisions. It can help you live a life with far fewer regrets.

Invention The creation of something (like a device) after a lot of research and experimentation. A few examples are: the light bulb, the computer, air conditioning, the heart-lung machine and mobile phones (cell phones). Creating a new invention that makes the world a better place is a great way to help others while creating honorable wealth. Making improvements to existing inventions (such as smaller GPS devices for helping parents to keep their children safe in ways that are hard for child predators to identify or tamper with) is another way to create wealth honorably.

Invest When you invest, you are usually providing and committing money so that you’ll earn a monetary (or financial) return (profits). You can invest anywhere from $1,000 in an investment all the way up to millions or even billions of dollars (such as when buying an established successful company). An example might be when someone says, “I just invested $100,000 in my neighbor’s home business and she’s promised that in return she’ll pay me 10% on my money.” Or “My Mom invested $150,000 in Hologic stock in 2008 and she is going to show me how her investment has done over time.” When you invest a specific amount regularly (such as $200 a month into a mutual fund) then you are using the power of "Dollar Cost Averaging" which means that when the price of the stocks are high you'll buy less but when the price is lower you'll buy more. This can help reduce the average cost you're paying per share over time. Dollar Cost Averaging (DCA or a constant dollar plan) may be useful in reducing the risk of investing a large amount at the wrong time.

Investment (a. k. a.  Security) – Money (as a sum) used for the purposes of creating income and/or profits. It can also be property (an asset) that’s bought.

Liability Anything that takes money away from you is a liability. If it doesn’t bring in money or profits for you, it’s a liability. Some examples of liabilities are: paying your electric bill, paying debt with interest (mortgage loan, credit card debt, medical bills, auto loans etc) making repairs to your car, buying a new TV or home stereo or new clothes etc.

Life Insurance A guaranteed amount of money to be paid upon an insured persons death to a specific beneficiary or beneficiaries (or person or people who will receive the benefits) by a company who is insuring that person according to a contract agreement (insurance policy) that the insured purchases from an insurance company. An example would be: “My dad pays every month for a life insurance policy of $2 million dollars in coverage since my mom wants to remain a fulltime choosing home mom if he dies and there are four young children in our family – one of which is disabled (my brother) and he will need care for the rest of his life. So when my dad passes, he’ll make sure that my Mom gets at least $1,600,000 and any of his children that are over the age of 18 can get $100,000. My mom also has a life insurance policy on her for my dad if she passes before he does. My parents really care about the financial future of our family.”

Loss Where the cost is higher than the selling price; opposite of profit.

Mompreneur A choosing home mom that also owns her own home business so she can be an entrepreneur while still remaining close to home to raise her children. There is a rising trend of mompreneur millionaires who have family as their top priority and manage to work their business around the needs of their family – a home and happiness success trend that doesn’t seem to be going away anytime soon. They learn from the best and follow the advice they receive and that’s the recipe for their success. It shouldn’t come as any surprise to learn that nearly all mompreneurs follow the enlightened path to millions by making sure they give back to others and their communities while still providing prosperously for their families in the process. Many of them either donate to their favorite charity or create a charity to bless the lives of others. And the moms who go the extra mile to only provide honorable products and services are often far more successful than those who choose a lesser path to wealth. Good for you!

Mortgage A legal document (another term for describing an often expensive piece of paper) that provides a transfer of rights to a piece of property commonly used as security (or collateral) for the payment of a loan or debt which becomes void when the debt is paid. If you aren’t paying a mortgage for the house you’re living in and you’re over the age of 18 then what you’re paying is a rent or lease (which is usually a waste of money – unless it’s a lease with an option to buy where at least a portion of the payments go toward the purchase of the home and then it’s not quite as much of a waste of money).
But for those that want to avoid getting into enormous debt then renting or leasing a home or apartment is a way to avoid huge debt for housing.
Those who have a high enough amount of steady income along with a good credit history (or good credit score) can get a mortgage. It’s true, you can get a bunch of tax breaks as you pay off your mortgage but it’s not truly an asset yet. 
Anything you have to make payments on that does not bring you any profits (ROI) or residual income is, in my opinion, a liability. Although many people in the mortgage industry believe it’s acceptable for someone to use over ten percent of their income to pay for a mortgage, it’s a fast way to kill your budget and make you poor as you live paycheck to paycheck. Getting a mortgage often leads to greater dependence upon other debt such as credit card debt, car financing and payday loans. Although many in the mortgage industry will usually disagree, getting a mortgage is a terrible idea unless you pay a high percentage down (such as over 50%) and pay off the mortgage as quickly as possible –– such as within fifteen years or less. If you own property (a free and clear property title) that brings in positive cash flow then it’s an asset.

Mutual Fund A management company (open-end management company) that creates and maintains a diversified portfolio of investments that is actively managed, and then continually issues new shares and redeems old shares representing ownership in the portfolio. Other funds are passively managed and are often referred to as index funds. An example is an S&P 500 index fund that has very low fees and buys all the stocks in the S&P 500 index and holds them. If I put $200 a month into that fund then I could see how well it does over time because the man or woman who manages the fund ("manage" meaning he or she makes sure the right stocks are bought to produce the highest profits possible for the fund) will often provide a quarterly report (through the company they work for) that details why they made some of the decisions they made that could affect profits as well as forecasts of things that may affect the fund in the future so that investors can have confidence that the fund manager is always trying to get the best ROI for their clients (investors).

Passive Investing Investing money into an index fund (a mutual fund that duplicates a market index to try and assure the investment results are no worse (but possibly also not much better) than the overall market. Passive investing may increase profit potential since index funds charge less than active investments (such as ordinary mutual funds).

Patent A great way to amass wealth if you've invented something that can easily be sold and used to help improve the lives of millions of people. A patent gives you an exclusive legal right for a set period of time to use a process or to sell or make a specific product. Patents in the U.S. are issued by the Patent and Trademarks Office. As of 2009, utility and plant patents are good for twenty years and design patents last for fourteen years unless laws have changed those limits.

Pension Money paid to a person on a regular basis (monthly or annually) who is retired from service or from working for a company. Defined benefit pension funds are going the way of the dinosaur. Although that usually means it’s not good for average investors and employees, there may be circumstances where it may be a good thing since you might have more say in how the money in your 401(k) is diversified (for those wise enough to do their profit producing and money saving homework). Otherwise, a defined benefit plan may be better. Keep in mind that the 2006 Pension Protection Act can be a bit deceptive just judging by its name. One of the concepts behind it of automatic enrollment in your employers 401(k) can be a bad thing since it doesn’t encourage any real involvement in the decisions of your 401(k) regarding the allocation of your retirement capital (money). 
Remember, letting your employer invest your money in company stock, generally speaking, has historically proven to be a big, naughty no-no. Historically speaking, more employees have lost their retirement money that way than those who have made it big. And also be aware that if your company has target-date funds as the default investment (also via automatic enrollment and instead of their own company stock) this “one size fits all” way of investing is not the best idea. It can cost you more than you realize. Just make sure you take an active hands-on approach with your money by doing your homework (research) and being more involved in the allocation of your retirement money. (See also Defined Benefit Plan and Defined Contribution Plan)

Philanthropy (Tithe) Financial donations used to fund nonprofit programs (often created by privately held companies) that help humankind to have a greater chance for success for good in various ways (such as increasing chances for true financial self-reliance through financial literacy and other educational opportunities or aiding people in overcoming challenges of health, domestic violence problems etc) If you’re worried about getting scammed by an organization that claims to be a support worthy not-for-profit, consider going online to see which charities are honest and actually give as they claim by checking out Give.org or CharityNavigator.org. Another way to get a good idea of how honorable a charitable organization is (although it’s not totally foolproof) is to consider donating to the church you attend or to a charity that you’ve volunteered with or have personally benefited from. Many people strive to donate ten percent of their income to their favorite church every month.

Portfolio Owning a combination of more than one asset (commodity, stock, bond, cash equivalents or real estate investment) by an individual or institutional investor usually in an effort to reduce risk of loss through diversification.

Portfolio Manager A professional who is accountable for handling the portfolio of securities owned by an individual or institutional investor.

Poverty The state of being poor; it's a lack of money (or a lack of material things). When someone says, “They live below the poverty line,” the term “poverty line” is a way that the government measures a level of family (or personal) income. To say that someone lives below that line is to say that he or she is poor. One of the largest indicators that our nation needs a variety of good financial literacy programs is the fact that approximately 94% of people continue to retire in poverty in the U.S. Sadly, poverty occurs right here in the most powerful and one of the wealthiest nations on the earth – the U.S. But by learning what we need to about money and taking personal responsibility for our financial security and independence, poverty can be significantly reduced and eventually become a thing of the past. Financial security happens one person at a time, one family at a time, one day at a time, one choice at a time (such as frugality or increasing income). Financial security can happen for you if you choose it by taking the right actions with integrity a little at a time, day by day by day.

Profit Another word for “gain.” Most people see it as the money made from an investment; a valuable return. It’s also considered to be the surplus of the selling price of goods over their cost or the money you make from selling something of value over the cost of the item sold. 

Prosperity Thriving financial success.

Re-tool – To learn what you need to about business, money and investments so that you can achieve true and lasting financial self-reliance when your current ‘tool’ of employment does not adequately provide for your needs (even when you’re frugal with your money). Most people who have gone to college chose a career without doing the math to see if the career choice they made would truly be able to sustain them in life through both good times and bad. For those who got their degree and then struggled to make ends meet – even while living frugally – it’s time to retool for more income. Aim to earn six figures or more (about half a million dollars) if you want to be self-reliant enough to support a family and be charitable to others. 
To earn that kind of money you have to pick the kinds of careers that pay enough – such as real estate investing, becoming a doctor (specialist), or a CEO of a large corporation etc. Do your best to find or create employment for yourself that best utilizes your talents (find that one thing that you’re really good at or passionate about) and will earn you enough to thrive financially. If you don’t think you have any talents – you’re wrong. God sends each of us to earth with at least one talent that if nurtured and developed (and ideally used to help make the world a better place) can be turned into a form of employment that can help you thrive and be a blessing to your family and others. 
For most adults today, retooling is a must do – not a should do – if they’re going to make it financially. Otherwise, kids, it’s time to plan on earning a significant amount of money consistently throughout your adult life so that you can not only provide well for your own family (marriage and kids) but provide money for your parents too. For many baby-boomers, their retirement will only be prosperous with the help of their own children (many of which, unfortunately, never learned what it takes to be truly financially self-reliant either – so they’re likely struggling too.)

Real Estate Investor A person who invests in either residential real estate (homes or apartments), commercial real estate (office buildings usually in commercially zoned locations) or raw land (undeveloped land where no homes or buildings have been built yet). Another aspect of Real Estate investing is the opportunity to invest in Notes and Tax Lien Certificates (paper). Real estate investing has often been one of the fastest ways to accumulate wealth. 

Residual Income This is one of the best ways to ensure real, lasting financial success. The concept here is you do the work needed just one time and then get paid over and over and over again for a long time even though you only did the work once. The best example of this is how God does it. He creates one apple tree but the apples from the tree each have multiple seeds in them to provide the benefits of literally an entire orchard of fruit trees. Another example is when a movie producer sells a movie in theatres across the nation and then as DVDs. Other examples of this are when music artists, photographers, novelists, inventors and franchise creators make a product to sell for several years to come. One method of receiving residual income is through payments as royalties in perpetuity.
Many multimillionaires and billionaires have achieved their great financial success because they have multiple honorable sources of residual income. They maintain that success by adding new residual income sources regularly (such as several times each year).

Retirement A time in life when you stop working at your career and therefore no longer work to earn money. Retirement has often been seen as a stage in life you enter at or around the age of 65. Most people who successfully support themselves during retirement do so with money they have put into an investment when they were much younger (such as starting in their early twenties) to grow their money over the years (usually over several decades) to prepare them for being able to retire by having that investment begin (when he or she is 65) to provide the person retiring with money to pay for their needs and wants until they die. 
You may have heard your parents say, “Your grandfather is retired, so he doesn’t go to work anymore.” This is the time when many children realize that grandpa doesn’t work at the country club’s golf course. He actually just plays golf all day long. But for many baby boomers and the younger rising generation who have become multimillionaires, retirement is a period of time that is reached earlier in life and is planned to be a time for realizing lifelong dreams beyond golfing all day long. 
For those with a more noble perspective, one would never really “retire” from “working” since their “work” isn’t really work as much as it is fun because they do what they love (by best using their talent(s) and in the process are making the world a better place by serving others. Doing what you love and getting paid well for it while helping others is a concept that is far better than retirement and is becoming a more preferable option and happier reality for more and more people.

Retirement Funds (Also called “Retirement Savings” or “Retirement Portfolio”) An investment you put your money into over the years that hopefully earns a high enough rate of return to eventually pay for your  retirement.

Return On Investment (ROI) A percentage amount earned on an investment. R.O.I. is a good way to compare companies to see how well they are managed and how successful their products are.

Risk a vulnerability (or exposure) to potential injury or loss. In the world of finance it’s the possibility that an investment will lose money or value. Different investments have different levels of risk. (See also Calculated Risk and Risk Tolerance Test.)

Risk Tolerance As much risk as you may be comfortable experiencing from an investment. 

Risk Tolerance Test A test you can take where you answer a series of questions that will provide an investment risk tolerance profile of you based on your answers. The test basically shows how educated you are about financial planning and various investment strategy scenarios so that both you and your financial advisor know how much risk you can comfortably stand to achieve with your investment goals for your current stage of life. There are portfolios that claim to invest based on certain levels of risk such as an aggressive portfolio strategy, moderately aggressive, moderate, moderately conservative and conservative strategy. The more conservative you are, the less risk you can handle. The more aggressive you are in your investment style, the more risk you can handle. (See also Calculated Risk and Risk.)

Roth IRA Also an account used for retirement but are different from traditional IRA’s and 401(k)’s in that contributions made to a Roth IRA are with after-tax income and are therefore not tax deferred. The good news here is that in a Roth IRA you don’t have to pay taxes on your investment gains. Just follow the rules created and your earnings in the Roth IRA are totally untaxed (tax-free). Since you’ve already paid taxes on your contributions, the rules are less strict for withdrawals. You can withdraw the full amount any time without paying penalty fees. (Historical note: This is very similar to how the 401(k) began several decades ago but then the government changed the rules for the worst simply because they could. Time will tell how long the Roth IRA will remain in this nearly ideal investing form.) Roth IRA’s are even better when you’re starting out young (with time on your side to grow your money) and are in a low tax bracket.

Saving To put aside money as a reserve often to be used at a later date for a specific purpose. You may be used to thinking of saving as something you do with an extra piece of pie to be enjoyed later, but the sooner you start thinking of saving in financial terms, the more pie you can enjoy later. Start getting into the habit now of saving enough money and you can enjoy more of any kind of pie you want. And for those who would like to save others from poverty or some other bondage (be it emotional or spiritual etc) the same principle applies. If you want to be a great philanthropist, begin a habit of saving and stick with it. Unless you do this, your philanthropic dreams will remain just that – dreams – and never become a reality. Always save money as a part of your wise investment strategy while diligently increasing your income with integrity (since saving and living frugally are not all we can do to be financially self-reliant). Remember that to save a modest amount does not mean to save an insufficient amount.

Self-employed Business Owner This is the man or woman who has the “do-it-yourself” mentality. Although many business owners and entrepreneurs begin their business this way, it can have its drawbacks since the only way for these people to make money is to show up for work. If he or she gets sick, who will do the work that needs to be done to make money? The Self-employed Business Owner cannot create nearly as much wealth as a Business Owner can. Some examples of self-employed business owners are: doctor’s (dentists, surgeons, pediatricians etc), artists, actors, athletes, teachers, delivery drivers, etc. (Compare to Business Owner.)

Self-funded Philanthropy – A great way to donate to causes you care about since the more successful your for-profit business endeavors are, the more empowered you are to start your own nonprofit charity to help others.

Self-reliance The ability to provide what you need for your life in the way of food, water, clothing, shelter, transportation etc. It is another way of describing financial independence. To be self-reliant means you don’t need your parents to give you money or provide food or anything else for you. It also means you don’t need bank debt or credit card debt or any form of government grants, welfare or loans. It’s the ultimate lifestyle choice for financial freedom and nearly all other freedoms.

Social Security If you’re an employee then you may have noticed on your paycheck stub that it’s an amount of money taken out of your paycheck (FICA taken from your earnings) to be paid into Social Security. Social Security is basically a program developed by the government once upon a time, long, long ago, that our grandparents could depend on to provide money for them in their retirement so they could have something else to rely on other than their pensions. This program is believed by many individuals to be no longer sufficient to rely on.

Stock A small piece of a company often sold as “shares.” You can become a partial owner of a business by purchasing shares of a company (as evidenced by stock certificates essentially expensive pieces of paper). In order to have any decision making influence on a company you own shares of stock in, you usually must own at least five to ten percent in stocks first (often as common stock). This basically buys you a seat at the company’s annual meeting. You’ll probably have to provide your own doughnuts though if you were hoping for anything beyond the reports, budgets, investment plans and forecasts often discussed at these meetings. Ideally you’re hoping for the stock to rise and make you more money in honorable ways and where possible, also pay you a dividend. This should be your primary focus rather than looking for ownership opportunity to tell them you think the carpet on the 4th floor in the presentation room should be blue rather than beige.
Remember: The only amount of money you should have in stocks or bonds is only the amount you can afford to lose.


Tax a requirement for people to pay money (usually to a government entity) for public objectives.

Wealth To have a surplus or abundance of money or resources or possessions that have high financial value. 

Note: The author, company, and/or publisher are not recommending any of the real companies mentioned in the dictionary here as good or bad investments. The information in this book is provided with the understanding that the author, company, and/or publisher are not offering these materials as accounting, legal, investing, and/or tax advice as they may relate to this book. The information provided is intended for educational purposes only. Questions regarding the specific accounting, legal, investing, and/or tax needs of the reader should be addressed to their professional advisor. Please consult with your professional advisor.



Social Terms


Abuse To intentionally harm another either physically or emotionally (by verbal insults, threats or intimidation). Abuse is always wrong to do to someone –– especially when they are weaker or more vulnerable than you (such as a man hurting a woman).

Bullying To be cruel to someone perceived to be weaker or vulnerable in some way. This can include ignoring someone because she or he is not in your clique or “invitation only” group of friends. Ignoring someone you should be kind to, someone that intends you no harm, is an act of cruelty . It also means to harass (bother) someone with intimidation, socially and emotionally. It’s a form of abuse. To use threats or insults against someone who is weaker or vulnerable primarily to intimidate them is a kind of cruelty that could border on sociopathy (a mental illness that may manifest as a lack of sympathy or empathy for the pain, suffering or sensitive feelings of someone else). 
Also the act of physically harming or injuring someone is a way of bullying by violence. Bullying can also be when someone physically shoves someone or physically forces someone to do something or go someplace against her or his will. To make sexual comments to someone is to sexually harass them. Just as the prevention of bullying often requires multiple people to be unafraid to stand up and/or speak out against it often immediately as it is happening (in front of the bully and victim) sexual harassment can most effectively be reduced (especially at places of employment) when others who hear and/or see sexual harassment occurring actually speak up to the one initiating the harassment in front of others (as the harassment is occurring) and discourage it for the sake of higher and more noble ways of living that create a more harmonious environment for the benefit of everyone.

Compassion Having concern for the feelings of others who are or may be suffering and taking action to try and comfort them or otherwise reduce their pain.

Compliment A comment given sincerely and honestly that helps someone to feel better about themselves in some way (ideally to be given without manipulative expectation of some self-serving reward). Many of us don't think as much about complimenting one another since we're often barraged with the destructive examples of others (too often adults i.e. TV sitcoms, stand up comedy and talk shows) who make insults and bullying seem harmless because it's a 'form of entertainment' to cause the suffering of others or to pretend such abuse does not cause the recipients of the abuse (insults, bullying etc) any real suffering. 
The world of entertainment often includes the lie that there are no negative consequences for self-serving, extreme or otherwise harmful behavior. The less we tune in to such programming and the more we spend our time and money supporting more wholesome and certainly more fun and enjoyable entertainment, the more those who peddle trashy, insulting entertainment will see that people really do prefer cleaner entertainment and better role models for children than the barrage of garbage that washes over the youth of America on a daily basis. Pretending the youth who are awash in such destructive messages will walk away unstained and unaffected will never make it a reality as much as simply replacing such messages with better examples of people getting along because they prefer lifting one another to a variety of life successes rather than tearing one another down.

Cyberbullying The action of either insulting or harassing someone through digital means (texting, social networking, etc) or not speaking out against it as it occurs (or shortly after it occurs) and thus remaining silent which lets others have the opportunity to believe you think the bullying that occurred is okay to let happen. Cyberbullying can also include the choice to ignore someone n the internet because she or he isn’t “good enough” (popular enough, well-dressed or fashionable enough or attractive enough) to be replied to by email or on a social networking site.

Honesty as a form of abuse When someone uses honesty with the intent to hurt  someone else, it's not a good way to use honesty. So if someone says, "You asked me if I liked your shirt and I'm telling you that it's ugly. Look, I'm just being honest with you," that's an abuse of someone else in the name of so-called honesty (a weak justification for callousness). If you really don't like someone's shirt, try and find something about it you truly do like (maybe the only thing you like about it is the color) and compliment what you like. And if there's nothing about the shirt you like, maybe find something about their shoes or their hair that you like and can honestly compliment them on. Our world already has too many callous people in it who seem to care little for the feelings of others. Come on. We can all do better. Let's find something today we can shift gears on and restrain ourselves from being too open about for the sake of caring more for someone else's feelings than we do for our own proud, self-serving desires to be blunt or 'right' about otherwise trivial matters.

Insult A verbal comment intended to humiliate someone or cause someone to feel less valuable and often results in some degree of emotional suffering by the recipient of the insult. Even if you are only kidding when you make an insulting comment to someone else, they may not know you're kidding and most often, if they are really hurt they will try and hide it from you since for many people it's easier to act as if they are not hurt than to admit it and leave themselves emotionally vulnerable to being mocked or hurt again by the person who just hurt them by insulting them even if the insult was 'only a joke' in the name of humor. Many times females are much more easily hurt by insults spoken as a simple joke than guys are but even some guys can be hurt by insulting jokes as well. Generally speaking, people tend to be more successful socially (they get along better with others and are liked by more people) when they say honest things that help others to feel good about themselves and hopeful about their future.

Integrity A character trait that is noble; it’s honest dealings with others. When you have integrity you are trustworthy. People that have integrity are responsible, mature people that often give their very best to do good in every situation they are in.

Refined Affectionate Friendship (RAF) A refined affectionate friendship is a step above ordinary friendships into a more blissful kind of association among friends. A refined affectionate friend is someone that enjoys taking friendship to an even higher level for the ultimate fulfillment for both friends involved. This kind of friendship is primarily shared between same gender friends, most often being what women enjoy with other women. But because it’s a friendship of a much higher nature than most currently enjoy, it takes a certain level of understanding and maturity to really flourish.

It’s about pure affection (nonsexual) in a variety of expressions from simple conversation as affection to ambiance as affection and so many other forms of pure, natural affection. It takes sufficient emotional maturity and emotional intelligence to see something that is pure as pure and not twist it into something it’s not. Wisdom is hard to find in the emotionally immature and the unhealthy relationships that result are the evidence of it. 
RAFs are all about enjoying healthy and therefore highly fulfilling relationships by getting back to the practice of natural affection. The acronym of R. A. F. can stand for either Refined Affectionate Friend (such as an RA-BFF) or it can stand for Refined affectionate Friendship (or R. A. Friendship) Check out the RAF wix site at Refinedaffection.wix.com/ra-friendships

Sensitivity This is much like compassion. When you are sensitive to the feelings of someone else then you show consideration for the emotions, self-esteem, likings or preferences of someone else. Sensitivity for another is a noble trait because it can be loving and selfless. 

Sexting Sending sexually explicit pictures, videos, texts or other digital form of communication to another for any reason  (regardless of whether or not it is intended to humiliate or otherwise harass). Sexting will always eventually bring you trouble and sorrow. It’s best to just keep your clothes on when someone asks you to send them a sext of you. The fact that someone might want you to disrobe and reveal your nakedness for their selfish satisfaction is a clear indicator that they don’t really care about you and they’re highly likely to be the first one to dump you cold when a problem with that behavior arises. Just don’t do it and don’t pressure anyone else into doing it either. 
Our bodies are a sacred gift from God that we really can enjoy sexually under the right circumstances (immorality – sexual relations before marriage and infidelity during marriage is never the right circumstance). You should also understand that sending a sexual picture (fully nude or partially nude image of someone's body who is under the age of eighteen) of a child is to engage in child pornography and is a felony offense that is punishable by law (which often means you go to jail for it and then you are labeled as a sex offender for the rest of your life. Most people are afraid of sex offenders and for very good reasons since most sex offenders are rapists and child molesters which are essentially those individuals who are so obsessed with sex that they break the law and commit horrible crimes against innocent victims. The difference between simple curiosity about someone’s naked body and total addiction to pornography and/or the commission of a crime against another can be just one curious look.) 

DISCLAIMER

All characters portrayed herein are intended to be fictional. It is not intended to portray or identify the stories of any specific people living or dead. If you are looking for a school named North Ivy Academy in Silver Streams, Kansas, it doesn't exist as far as I know because I made it up. None of the organizations, think tanks, associations, churches, nonprofits or corporations are real in this book since I made them up (with the only exceptions being MIT, Give.org, CharityNavigator.org, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the American Red Cross and companies mentioned by examples in the dictionary). But much of the information contained in this book is true as it pertains to money and religion. 
As for those who are sincerely interested in learning vital truths about God the Father and His Son, Jesus Christ –– especially as it pertains to finding the truth so as to become better people and find peace with God as much truth as possible has been included. If there's one subject that is the most important to get accurate information on, it is the sacred subject of the literal living God and His literal living Son, our Savior, Jesus Christ. Therefore I have not felt at liberty to provide any other information about God, Christ and the Holy Spirit that is not what I know to be true and has been evidenced thereby through holy scripture. As far as truths about financial planning, again, I included as much truth as possible.

The information in this book is provided with the understanding that the author, company, and/or publisher are not offering these materials as medical, accounting, legal, investing, and/or tax advice as they may relate to this book. The information provided is intended for educational purposes only. Questions regarding the specific health, medical, accounting, legal, investing, and/or tax needs of the reader should be addressed to their professional advisor. Please consult with your professional advisor.



Appendix: Angels to the Rescue: The Miracles Alex Imagined in the Chapter 2 Car Accident


She dusted off the window and then grabbed two nearby clamps and dusted them as well. She then placed the frame in the grips and tightened them into place so the window frame stood on its own and set it up on a box so it would be about as high up off of the ground as a normal window might be. Then she thought of an event that would be hard for people to see any good coming from it. She decided to imagine an event that happens every day in every state across the nation: a major car accident.
What she imagined was so jaw-dropping it was as if glorious light was already shining across her face as she pictured angels in a nearly blinding white light flying in to use miraculous powers of heaven to help several drivers and passengers. This was an astonishing view of heaven’s power shining through angelically orchestrated miracles.
The idea came as Alex remembered hearing the story her mom and her mom's sister, Meredith, used to talk about every year around Easter time about the death of their sister Kelly. As Easter is celebrated in the death of and later literal physical resurrection of Jesus Christ in hope for His ability to overcome death for us all, it was a good holiday to remember Kelly in hopes of an afterlife reunion. Alex used some ideas to imagine heaven’s blessings based upon correspondence between two of the victims after the accident. The two that remained in touch had chosen to comfort one another by being open to the blessings they believed came from such a major trial for them all.
Fifteen years earlier, before Alex was even born, her Aunt Kelly was in a major car accident that involved five cars, including the one Kelly was driving. Kelly was on vacation with her husband, Simeon. They had only been married about ten months and were visiting New Jersey to do two things: (1) pick out a new place to live, and (2) visit one of her best friends, a woman of color named Whitney. Kelly was so excited to be able to live closer to Whitney, a good friend from college. Simeon, a graduate of MIT, was aggressively recruited by a company in New Jersey that created innovative technology for various industries relating mainly to biomedical, automotive and space technologies.
Kelly and Simeon had flown into New Jersey and rented a car to use to get from their hotel to all of the places they needed to go around the city. Because Kelly was more familiar with New Jersey than was Simeon, she drove. After they picked up Whitney early one morning, they headed off to a restaurant for breakfast. Simeon, a true gentleman, invited Whitney to take his passenger spot in the front so the two women could enjoy friendly conversation on the way to the restaurant. They had intended to rent a midsized car but because they had picked up the rental the day before (which was a Friday), previous customers who were due to return their weekly midsize rentals hadn't returned any yet and so they were given a free upgrade of a larger vehicle which was the minivan.
At one point on the way to the restaurant, the thought occurred to Kelly to ask Simeon if he had made sure to bring an extra vial of insulin as he was a type-A diabetic and last night at dinner he was about to finish off a bottle. Simeon said, "That's a good question. I usually do but I'll double check." He unbuckled his seatbelt and turned around to search in his briefcase located in the back of the van.
Whitney remembered that was the time Kelly also said, "Simeon, don't look for it now. At least give me a chance to pull over first."
Whitney chimed in when she turned around to say to him, "Yeah. Stop looking and put your seatbelt back on."
By that point Simeon was stretched over the backseat and was reaching for his business briefcase. As he stretched to extend his reach, he joked back to his wife, Kelly, "I've almost got it. As long as you don't swerve into oncoming traffic, I'll be fine."
Just then Kelly slammed on her brakes as another car from the fast lane of oncoming traffic crossed over into her fast lane and hit her van. Although Kelly had never swerved out of her lane of traffic, someone else did. About halfway into the initial impact of the two vehicles colliding, Alex visualized all motion stopping with everything freezing still. She then imagined the ways God may have blessed the various drivers involved.
This freezing of time was made possible since several seconds before the moment of impact of the head-on collision, a light began to appear several feet in the air just above the section of lanes where the accident was about to occur. The light grew brighter and brighter and expanded until a wingless angel appeared from heaven dressed in a simple but modest robe of pure white, brilliant light. He stretched forth his right hand and with power and authority given him from Jesus Christ Himself, the angel said, "All clocks under my stewardship, halt!"
When the angel referred to the "clocks" he was referring to what are known in heaven as "Mortal Experience Clocks" or "MECs."
Alex imagined that each individual had their own MEC that starts for some in the womb and for others at birth. All individuals can have their own MEC paused for the purposes of divine intervention and always as an answer to someone’s prayer as a blessing for the person being prayed for. The blessings are to be realized either immediately or at some future date and time but always to be realized during their "Life Clock."
A "Life Clock" is different than an MEC in that a Life Clock isn't really measured as a clock does with time, but rather a Life Clock is the gift of the eternal spirit that has the ability to progress and therefore advances (among what we might call a time line) in various phases of progression throughout eternity but only to the degree that each individual freely chooses.
A  person's MEC is only stopped completely by the event of lasting physical death where one does not return to life thus bringing about a permanent end to ones mortal life. As a person’s spirit (which resembles their physical body exactly and includes their thoughts, memories, personality and values held within their heart) passed through physical death and into a world of spirits, their life clock remains eternally working and running as they move onto their next phase in the eternal progression experience.
Alex labeled all five cars in the accident as Kelly's van, the truck, the economy car, the luxury car and the SUV. There were four lanes of traffic where the accident occurred: two lanes that went north and two lanes that headed south. The van Kelly was driving was headed northbound in the far left, fast lane of traffic. (see image next page or below)



The  large full-sized truck, was being driven by a woman with no other passengers in her car and was driving southbound also in the far left-hand, fast lane of traffic. The few cars that were behind the truck were far enough away that they stopped in plenty of time before hitting the truck or each other. There were no other cars ahead of Kelly's for at least a hundred feet so the only vehicle that the truck hit was Kelly's van.
The woman in the truck, who had fallen asleep at the wheel, was an exhausted single parent and overworked nurse who had just finished a long night shift at work and was finally on her way home. The nurse had fallen against the steering wheel asleep which caused her hands to barely hang onto the wheel and she began to dangle with limp limbs. The sudden collapse of her body against the wheel caused her truck to turn off to the left from her southbound fast lane while simultaneously pushing the horn of her truck to blare loudly at a constant pace as it collided with Kelly's van, head-on.
A small economy car, was following close behind Kelly's van and tried to avoid hitting and rear-ending her van by quickly reacting and swerving to the right to get into the right-hand slower lane of northbound traffic. But because there were already two cars in the right hand lane, a luxury car that was slightly ahead of the economy car in distance, and a large SUV, also in the right-hand lane and fast approaching the tail of the luxury car, another accident occurred.
As the small economy car tried to quickly squeeze in between the luxury car and the SUV, the driver of the luxury car, a woman, instantly noticed in her rear view mirrors the sudden movement of the smaller car behind her so she punched her accelerator to quickly feed more fuel to all 240 horses under her hood which caused her to quickly move faster ahead and provided more room for the economy car to move into in hopes of preventing a major rear-ending.
This worked but only in part as the economy car still slightly rear-ended the luxury car. This was still better than having it slam into the rear of the much more expensive car to cause a full impact rear-end collision which is exactly what happened to the SUV as the swift movement of the small economy car into the right-hand lane made it impossible for the driver of the SUV to avoid rear-ending the economy car despite the swift reaction of the driver of the SUV to slam on his brakes.
The small economy car was being driven by a young man who recently had his driver’s license suspended for a DUI (driving under the influence of alcohol or other drugs). He had a particularly bad feeling about driving illegally without his license that morning but he chose to ignore it since he was sober that morning. He figured he could ignore the warning feeling he had since he was only going to run a quick errand and he thought he wouldn't be gone long. There were no other passengers in his small car.
The luxury car was being driven by a grandmother who was a real estate agent and was the only one in the accident who was wealthy enough to have a mobile car phone with her at the time. The only other passenger with her was her grandson, a ten-year-old, who sat in her front passenger seat.
The  large SUV had only two passengers in it, two male construction workers who were on their way to work.
As all of the cars and their passengers remained motionless at the point of initial impact of the minivan and the truck, within each of the vehicles at the scene, a light began to appear, one near each passenger. Each light grew brighter and brighter and expanded until a wingless angel appeared from heaven dressed in a simple robe of spotless white, that radiated in brilliant light. An angel appeared by each passenger in the five vehicles.
All of the angels were adults who looked as if they are in what is often considered among human beings to be the prime of life age-wise of somewhere in their mid to late twenties. Some were men. Some were women. None of the angels have wings as the heavenly power that moves them obeys higher laws of faith in Jesus Christ that allow midair movement and suspension without the need for mechanical aid. Any use of God's power is only granted when it is a true need initiated by faith used in sacred works and efficiency and only as first approved of by the Lord Himself.
Since it is not intended to impress the recipients of such blessings while in mortality on earth, most people do not see such miraculous manifestations of divine power or else nearly everyone would demand a sign so as to justify such a request in the name of personal edification before believing in God's power and still others would simply refuse to believe at all unless they could first see God's power in a manner they wanted, when they wanted and why (which requires no faith at all). But the laws of heaven are clear: in order to see the power of God you must first exercise faith to believe––not the other way around. But most importantly of all, you must be willing to say: "Thy will, Lord, not mine, be done" regarding any manifestations of the Lord's power as the powers of heaven cannot be forced by the will of any man, woman or child.
So in following these higher laws (which are only a few of many), none of the passengers in any of the cars actually saw any of the blessings that were about to be realized by the angels but some of them may have felt or spiritually sensed such a heavenly presence near them if they were willing to believe. Still others may get a glimpse of it after the fact if they looked with a believing eye of faith as Alex was trying to do. Certainly all will know the truth after this life of what really happens when the Lord sends His heavenly angels to bless us in so many unseen ways.
The lead angel that stopped the MECs then went to each car and shared the power to pause and unpause the MEC of the specific passenger each angel was assigned the privilege of blessing. This power was shared temporarily; just long enough to provide the divine intervention needed at various points in time throughout the accident to bless each individual affected in the way that is best as God had already approved for the circumstances.
Now with all of the cars motionless in both directions of the four lanes of traffic and with the collision paused briefly during the initial impact of the truck and van, the heaven-sent guardian angels moved into action all at once during this tragic moment of frozen time.
In Kelly's van, all angels began adjusting various environmental and physical conditions that were needed to fulfill the blessings ordered for each of the passengers. Some faithful prayers that brought on such blessings were prayers of loved ones still living and other prayers were by the faith of those who had already passed.
Whitney's guardian angel, a woman, placed her hand on Whitney's shoulder that gave her a feeling of peace that began to immediately relax Whitney beyond her natural, mortal ability to do under such stress as she was in the moment of having turned back from talking to Simeon and she has just seen the sudden head-on approach of the oncoming truck. Although Whitney had put on her seatbelt when she first sat down in the van, she did not secure it enough to actually click and lock into place. As her seatbelt latch is frozen in the now partial stage of release while on its way to becoming completely released and undone and useless in its means for safety, her angel corrected it by locking the seatbelt attachment securely in place. The angel then left a blessing on it to fulfill its mechanical design towards safety successfully for Whitney's safe protection.
She then unpaused Whitney's MEC for a quarter of a second and then repaused it to allow the force of increased impact to move Whitney's head and body as such forces of nature and physical laws allow but then she adjusted Whitney's paused head to a safer angle as it was about to receive a significant blow from Simeon's mostly airborne briefcase and it is not intended that Whitney pass through death at this time from a fatal blow of his briefcase against her head.
The blessings ordered for her, specific to this accident, are for her to receive only minimal injuries and to live for many more years to come as she will freely choose to become a well-known, successful gospel singer several years later on account of the gratitude she will express to God for her survival although she does not know yet that this will be the future she chooses for herself. Whitney loved to sing and her talent would one day become a blessing of hope, love and peace for millions of people worldwide.
The blow she will receive to her head from the briefcase was changed from the corner of it hitting her temple as a fatal blow, to a smaller part of the side of the briefcase hitting the back of her head with part of the back of the passenger side headrest blocking much of the blow and thereby influencing a better outcome for her safety and neurological health.
The blow will assist in knocking her completely unconscious causing her entire body to relax completely before the full impact of the head-on collision can do the kind of intense internal and external damage that so often happens to the human body of a front seat passenger in such fatal collisions. Whitney needed this added advantage since the airbag in the front passenger side has a faulty computer chip in it which will delay its release by an otherwise fatal one and a half seconds.
The heavenly option to simply correct the faulty computer chip within the airbag is discarded in favor of letting the car manufacturer realize the problem so as to provide enough impetus to learn what they need to correct it in all future car models. Her MEC is unpaused again to allow another half of a second to pass and then its paused again and her angel adjusts her body one last time as the airbag is  partially deployed so that her now limp neck and slumped head are not fatally slammed against the hard rolled up window as the airbags delayed deployment would unintentionally force her head in the wrong direction. With each pause of her MEC the loud sounds of the car crash stop and silence ensues while the angel works and with each unpausing the loud sounds are heard again until the MEC is again paused.
Simeon’s guardian angel, a man, has orders to fulfill for Simeon that will spare his life but will not return him to full-functioning physical health. This is by design so that Simeon will need to create a way to work from home. Simeon will freely choose to become one of the first pioneers to offer online video tutorials regarding the latest innovative technologies. But one of the most important results to come from this will be his good example as a disabled person who ends up identifying the problems that occur in faulty airbag deployment and correcting them so that they go from working effectively 78% of the time to working 96% of the time effectively thereby saving tens of millions of lives for many, many years.
As the guardian angel pauses Simeon's MEC, all motion and car collision sounds are stopped. To spare his life, his guardian angel must adjust Simeon's midair physical position enough to keep him from crashing through the front windshield. The trade off comes when Simeon's body gets bounced around the back of the van in such a way that his neck and spine get damaged and he becomes a quadriplegic.
All of the loudness of the accident returned as the unpausing of his MEC by his angel then caused Simeon's head to hit the top of the inside of the right rear passenger door to knock him unconscious so he doesn't feel the dozens of shards of glass that will soon fly into his face as his briefcase eventually flies free from his hand making its way into a nearby partially open window. His dress tie is guided to fly up and protect his eyes from the flying glass so that no damage occurs to his vision.
Later on in the hospital he'll get a peaceful feeling that the tie protected his vision and he'll then know that the seemingly strange inclination he had to wear a shirt and tie that Saturday morning (something he wouldn't normally do) was a heaven-sent idea he'll be forever grateful he didn't ignore.
Kelly's guardian angel, a woman, had little work to do. Kelly's work on earth was already done. Although her angel had access to all power needed to make the completely faulty drivers side airbag deploy properly against all odds for the saving of Kelly at this time, the airbag deployment system on her side of the car was not to be fixed by her angel.
Her angel saw the bigger picture of life and how happy Kelly was about to be––how deeply and everlastingly happy––and how Simeon, by strength drawn in faith from heaven, would turn his own grief to good and to the blessing of millions of others as their lives would be spared thanks to God giving Simeon the extra guidance and insight needed so that there were far fewer future stories of heartache in preventable death, paralyzation and other forms of crippling bodily injury to future front seat passengers all around the world. Someone's mother, or brother, or daughter, or sister, or father, or child or best friend would not die because of God's mercy to inspire the right person––the one who would work diligently and gladly as well as the most  quickly to ensure the highest quality for the current technology and resources available for the time––and that right person was Simeon.
Kelly had been a loving daughter, sister, wife, and friend in a particularly Christian way. She had a talent for giving others hope when all hope seemed lost. When her dad wanted to give up after failing sixty-four times to invent an affordable cell phone that was smaller than the average size adult male’s hand, she kept encouraging him along with her mom and on his sixty-fifth try, he made it! When her mom decided to start her own catering business, she had a goal to earn six figures in profits within four years and Kelly not only cheered her on, but found better ways to save more money on various business expenses along with getting her larger orders with each year until by the fourth year her mom had achieved her goal of earning $100,000 in profits.
She volunteered whenever she could for her family and local church. Simeon told Kelly on more than one occasion how he never would have graduated from MIT without her help. She used to respond by saying she felt it was him who helped her most of the time since they both graduated from MIT with honors. And Whitney would never have joined her church choir if it weren't for Kelly encouraging her to do so after she would hear Whitney sing along so well to favorite gospel songs on the radio. It would be a newcomer watching Whitney rehearse at church later in two years that would bring Whitney the opportunity of a lifetime in the Christian music industry.
Kelly's influence for good would literally be felt by millions upon millions of people in the decades to come. But maybe the most special blessings of all that came from such tragedy was that just four hours before her death, Simeon's sixteen-year-old sister, Marion, was diagnosed with a rare heart disease and not only was Kelly an organ donor, but her heart was a perfect match for Marion.
Kelly saved Marion's life as well as others. Kelly's talent was now needed directly by heaven. It was time for her to return to her heavenly home where she may have the opportunity to be reunited with family and other loved ones who had already passed. She may also be reunited with Simeon after six years when he passes due to complications brought on by being both a quadriplegic and diabetic. Kelly's guardian angel simply ensured that the impact from the collision caused Kelly's eternal spirit to leave her mortal body behind quickly and painlessly and return to her heavenly home.
As Alex remembered reading the old e-mail Whitney wrote to Alex's mom and Aunt Meredith a few years ago on the anniversary of the accident, she recalled how often Whitney mentioned new blessings she had recognized over the years since the accident––especially as she and Simeon kept in touch right up until his passing. Although the first year without Kelly was especially hard for him, Simeon later attributed his determined ambition to fix the glitch in airbag deployment for all cars in Kelly's honor.
Kelly's van continued to spin completely around a few times before it came to a full stop halfway on the side of the road and eventually faced oncoming traffic. But miraculously, no other cars hit her van again.
Rewinding  her MEC back to a few moments before initial impact, the guardian angel took the nurse’s MEC time and reversed it back to when she first got behind the wheel. Because the nurse was so tired, she didn't properly react to the thoughts her angel gave her to move to the backseat of the large truck and get some sleep before driving home. She was just too eager to get to sleep in her own bed and thought she could handle the drive. So her angel did as all angels from heaven do and that is to not force anyone to do anything but to rather simply persuade until the person either follows the idea or proves he or she will not listen and will not follow it, often due to pride or other hardness of heart (but sometimes due to doubt or any of a variety of fears, such as fear of rejection due to overvaluing the misguided or vain opinions of another).
Some people are quicker at learning that once an idea comes into their mind that encourages them to do something that is good, they should not wonder whether it is an idea from heaven or an idea of their own. A good idea is often something that should be followed. The rare exception to this is often in matters of safety such as a woman who thinks she should try to be nice to a strange man who is hitchhiking by offering him a ride or by being nice and letting an abusive ex-boyfriend or abusive ex-spouse back into her home when he has shown no consistent signs of stopping his abusive ways by seeking appropriate psychological help as such are examples when being nice can get you killed or otherwise seriously harmed.
Once a person has taken the right action on an idea he or she received from their guardian angel, the angel leaves only to return again at times of great need and often in response to prayers of faith in God or more specifically, faith in the love and power of His Son, Jesus Christ, towards the blessing of all who will believe in and follow Him. Neither God, nor His angels will ever force anyone to take the right action on an idea given from heaven via their thoughts. This is why angels leave when people won't listen. At the very least, the driver of the truck, who was too tired to realize after starting her car that she had not yet put on her seatbelt, she did, however, follow the thought provided by her guardian angel to put on her seatbelt before driving.
The guardian angel for the nurse in the truck, made sure she fell completely asleep early enough so that her body would be totally relaxed and thus more likely to survive the impact. The driver’s side airbag deployed just fine in the truck. It too continued on and spun in a few circles until it came to a stop in the fast lane facing mostly crossways as part of the tail was on the left shoulder of the road and the length of the truck crossed the fast lane with its nose partially crossing the right lane.
Another miracle was given as no other cars hit the truck. She survived the accident with minimal injuries and went on to speak to groups throughout her city on the dangers of driving drowsy and helped others to think twice before following her poor example. This penitent effort by her saved many additional lives. She also was able to wisely cut back her hours at work so she could be a more effective nurse at work and even more importantly, be a more available and thus more effective mother for her children at home.
The guardian angels of the other cars needed only to use a simple but vital boost to the senses of the other drivers beyond their normal abilities to help them be more alert and aware of their surroundings including heightened awareness of the actions of the drivers around them.
But in the case with the driver of the economy car, who ignored the warning thought not to drive on a suspended license, who also ignored the warning to not use his cell phone while driving, his fears of getting in an accident and getting caught breaking the law drowned out the more calm guidance he received to slam on his brakes first and then he would have seen that he had perfect timing to jump in the right hand lane after braking which would have allowed the large SUV to pass him.
But because the driver of the small car was so desperate to avoid hitting the van (so he wouldn't get caught driving without a license and using his cell phone at the time of the accident) he used his own judgment and reacted out of fear and thus reacted in the wrong way and wound up hitting one car and then being hit by another––problems that could have been avoided had he not been on the road and brought on the fulfillment of his own fears to begin with.
All of the efforts his guardian angel provided to discourage him from driving today and to still help him avoid an accident so he might at least want to get back home and no longer take the risk to drive until he penitently received his license again didn't work because the driver of the economy car wouldn't receive the intended blessings that would've come had he wisely chosen to heed the earlier warnings to not drive and not text on his cell phone while driving.
The fact that his life was spared was a great blessing for him and at the very least, he was blessed to have not done more damage to the very expensive luxury car that he only mildly rear-ended. That blessing came about as the driver of that luxury car, without hesitation, followed the thought from her angel to speed up and make more room for the economy car to fit in behind her. Her quick following of that divine inspiration significantly reduced the amount of injury she and her grandson could have experienced and it became a blessing for the driver of the small car as it simultaneously significantly reduced his liability.
The guardian angel for the driver of the SUV did try and warn him not to break the speed limit and not tail the driver ahead of him (since his intent was to speed up to pass the luxury car). But he also would not receive the intended blessings of heaven, as the Lord knew of the upcoming collision and that the driver of the economy car would react in fear and quickly pull to the right too soon. But the driver of the SUV did at the last minute follow the idea to finally put on his seatbelt and he did so just moments before their large SUV rear-ended the smaller car. More blessings came for those in the SUV in that they were in a large vehicle which added more impact protection for them and both of their airbags properly deployed. But they could've had the full blessings the Lord tried to provide for them had they simply obeyed the speed limit.
Other angels ensured the timing of other cars traveling on the same roads that day had timing that would limit the event to damage only five cars so as to affect the fewest cars and the fewest people as possible while also honoring the free choice of all of the drivers involved.
After the collisions ended and all cars came to a stop, the driver of the luxury car called for emergency ambulatory services after she knew she and her grandson were okay. The fact that she had a mobile phone in her car, fully charged and working so she could make the needed calls for help, were additional blessings for all involved.
Once each angel had enacted the allotted blessings for that event in time, then that angel reported to the lead angel regarding the blessings provided. Each angel then received more instructions regarding other heavenly work he or she was privileged to do. Much of Alex’s visualization of heaven’s blessings came from Whitney's and Simeon's correspondence  after the wreck. Over the years their e-mails often included times that they both counted the various blessings that they felt came from what was certainly a heart-wrenching experience for them all. They were both very grateful for the blessings they received and much of their comfort came in their gratitude to God and friendship over the years.
They wouldn't have known of the warning thoughts and feelings that the other drivers experienced had it not been for the grandmother, the driver of the luxury car, who spoke with the other drivers as they all waited for the emergency responders to arrive. She spoke to the others gently and with the kind of wisdom only a grandmother of many years could do. She stayed in touch with Whitney for the first year since they both had a mutual friend in the choir director at Whitney's church who had bought a home from her as a realtor just a few months earlier.
This same grandmother even visited Whitney in the hospital and told her of the conversations she had with the other surviving drivers, the two men, because it had such a lasting impression on her to hear them both admit (when she spoke with each of them one-on-one alone), "I knew I should've listened to that warning feeling. Had I just done that I wouldn't have gotten into this terrible mess."
Alex visualized angels helping the emergency medical technicians and continuing onto the hospital to ensure surgeries and various treatments went well while other angels had completed their work for now. As each angel completed his or her work, they took their power to influence the MEC of the individual he or she had stewardship as an angel over and returned it back to the lead angel. Then light collected immediately around each angel followed by the opening of a conduit to heaven where each angel ascended and disappeared into heaven and out of sight.



Copyright 2010-2014 T. M. Meek

END Alex Opalstone and the Window of Heaven’s View: Life 101 Part 1

Good news! Part 2 of the free ebook “Alex Opalstone and the Window of Heaven’s View: Life 101” by T. M. Meek is available for FREE through Smashwords.com. So go download it now and keep reading about Alex’s adventures while it’s still free!



www.AlexOpalstone.com

