


Alex Opalstone 
and the 
Window of Heaven's View: Life 101
Part 2
By T.M. Meek
Published by T. M. Meek at Smashwords
Copyright 2010-2014 T. M. Meek

License Notes
Thank you for downloading this ebook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be redistributed to others for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy from their favorite authorized retailer. Thank you for your support.




Author's Note: If your heart yearns to know all of God's most important answers to the most important questions of life then pray with sincerity of heart for His answers. Pray to the Lord to send you his messengers, missionaries who will teach you scriptural, biblical truths you still may not yet know about the gospel of Jesus Christ. Pray to be able to recognize the difference between those who have only some of God's truths and those others who have all of God's most vital saving truths to teach you in their purity for your happiness in eternal salvation. 
Pray with faith and believe that God hears and answers prayers. You can pray vocally in the privacy of your home or silently with the privacy of just the thoughts and feelings of your heart and the Lord will answer your prayers. You may find the view of life God has to teach you is spectacular as you finally find a vital spiritual element to your life that may currently be missing without such glorious truths. - T. M. Meek




Table of Contents

Chapter 13: A Dangerous Mistake with Alex Behind the Wheel
Chapter 14: A Very Different Kind of Carnival Ride
Chapter 15: Surprising Answers about What Heaven is Really Like
Chapter 16: Heaven’s Many Mansions and Hell’s Place of Torment
Chapter 17: Innocent Trouble for Alex and Leena
Chapter 18: Counting the Cost of Lots and Lots of Cereal
Chapter 19: The Woes of Halloween Trick or Treating for Julio
Chapter 20: Julio Accidentally Goofs… Something Important
Chapter 21: Making New Enemies
Chapter 22: The Dream of Heavenly Lights Tells More
Chapter 23: Heaven’s View of the Future
Dictionary
Faith Terms
Financial Terms
Social Terms
Appendix A: Divinely Inspired Prosperity
Appendix B: The Financial Math of Hope vs. Despair (As included in the original article entitled, “Why Are So Many So-called Expert Financial Advisors Broke?”
Appendix C: Lewis Perry’s Presentation Transcript for “Sexual IQ vs. Sexual EQ”
Appendix D: The Power of Our Youth Today: Everyone’s Hope for a Brighter Future




Chapter 13: A Dangerous Mistake with Alex Behind the Wheel


As the last several minutes of sunlight cascaded across the tree tops giving their last warm rays of light for the day, Meredith stood close to a nearby stream where a variety of flowers in vibrant colors have been beautifully incorporated into the surrounding landscape. Her beauty shined through as her disposition radiated of a happy and content spirit. She smiled as she watched Alex dip her toe in the stream several feet away. 
"You're so cute, Alex," Meredith said. She simply adored her.
Alex took a bite of her ice cream and smiled. "Getting ice cream and coming to the park was a great idea!" she said cheerfully to Meredith.
"I totally agree," Meredith replied before spooning up a bite of her own ice cream. As Alex ran back over to Meredith, Meredith asked, "Are you warm enough out here?"
"I'm okay," she answered. She then took another bite of ice cream. The two began walking side by side while enjoying the beautiful scenery of nature all around them. Samuel approached with a smile. He then held out some carnations.
"I saw these beautiful flowers and I thought of you two beautiful ladies." He handed a lovely carnation first to Meredith and then to Alex.
"Thank you so much," Meredith said before she kissed him. He then took the last bite of his own ice cream.
"Yeah. Thanks Uncle Samuel," Alex said kindly.
"I'm going to throw my ice cream trash away. Can I throw yours away too?" Samuel politely offered.
"Sure. Thank you," Meredith said as she and Alex handed him their trash. He then walked over to a nearby trash dispenser and threw it away. He then returned and began holding Meredith's hand as they walked.
"May I hold your flower?" Alex asked Meredith. 
"Yes you may," Meredith answered. Alex held onto both hers and Meredith's flowers with one hand and then held Meredith's hand with the other as the three walked together.
"So how do you like North Ivy?" Meredith asked Alex curiously. 
"It's not that bad. Their lunches are pretty healthy so I don't think I'll need to bring lunches from home as often since lunch is already paid for."
"How's work coming on the Triple-C?" Samuel smiled.
"I like it. Leena does a really good job with the art and images. She's even putting together a website. But Julio on the other hand...he's not as reliable as I thought he'd be," she said with some disappointment.
"Be patient with him. Maybe he just has too much work of his own right now. Like in his classes," Meredith gently suggested.
"How about what you’re responsible for? How is your own work for the Triple-C coming along?" Samuel asked.
"Most of it's done already. I already have a rough draft of what I'll say and a basic outline of the points I'll cover in the presentation. But I'll have more work to do soon if Julio doesn't get his stuff done in time," Alex replied frankly The three of them walked along in silence enjoying a gentle breeze for a few moments. Meredith looked thoughtfully at Alex.
"Alex, how's Glade? Has he called or texted you lately?"
"He texted me a few days ago. He said he likes being at Uncle Lee's. When will I be able to see Glade again? I miss him," Alex said sadly.
Samuel sighed. "Well, I don't know. Glade is over a thousand miles away and it would be up to your dad and Uncle Lee if Glade took any trips away."
"What if we all went to go see Glade? Can we take a trip to go see Glade?" Alex asked with eager optimism.
"It's possible. I just don't know how soon we could do it," Meredith responded while looking at Samuel for any clues.
"Although it is possible, it would take some coordinating of schedules since I work, your aunt Meredith works and you're in school. It would be at least three or four months, maybe more, before we could do it. But that's only as a 'maybe.' We’d also have to check with Uncle Lee’s schedule. I'm afraid I can't offer you any guarantees right now," Samuel replied.
"We'd also have to get permission from your dad but that shouldn't be a problem. But let's consider that in a few months, okay?" Meredith said. "We want you to see Glade. We really do," Meredith added as Samuel nodded in sincere agreement. "In fact, we'd like to see him again too," she added with truthful optimism.
"Absolutely," Samuel agreed.
"We just have to consider the cost of us taking off from work and getting you out of school for a day or two and how much the trip will cost and things like that," Meredith sighed.
"What if I earn the money for it? Can we go then?" Alex asked hopeful.
Samuel looked baffled. "What if you pay for the trip?" he repeated in shock. "Did I hear you correctly?" he asked as he looked over to Alex.
"Yeah. If I can pay for it, then why not?" Alex politely challenged.
"Wait, wait, wait," Meredith said in a peaceful effort to stifle what she saw as a pending debate. "Alex, let's compromise. Uncle Samuel and I will go over how much the trip might cost. Then we'll all sit down together and discuss ways we can all contribute to paying for it and when we might take the trip based on how soon we can each contribute our part if we can. Okay?"
"How soon can we discuss it?" Alex asked eagerly. "Because if we're all going to pitch in together, we'll need to discuss it sooner than three months so we each know what we're working towards and have enough time to make our own contributions ready to go in three months or so. Maybe sooner, right? If we've got the money sooner, we can take the trip sooner."
"Well, let's wait to talk about it another time. Just not tonight," Samuel said reserved. "We'll let you know when we're ready to discuss it further."
"Okay," Alex sighed heavily expressing clearly her disappointment over not knowing exactly how soon they could begin making more concrete plans.
"Has your dad called you lately?" Samuel asked Alex with sincere concern.
"No. The last time I talked with him was on the phone for just a few minutes on my second day of school. He called me during lunch. Don't worry. I don't expect him to really keep in touch much. I hardly ever saw him or spoke to him when I lived back home. Why would my living with you be any different?" Alex replied apathetically.
Both Meredith and Samuel were at a loss for words over her response. They understood why Alex would feel that way and they were not impressed with the results Francis had shown as a father. But Meredith felt the silence was becoming too much. "Look. Alex, I really wish things were better with you and your parents," Meredith said sympathetically. "And I don't blame you at all if you feel disappointed or angry or let down over everything that happened recently with Dex and Glade and you."
"We'd understand if you feel hurt or upset because this has been going on with Dex for so long now," Samuel chimed in. Alex remained silent as they walked.
Meredith shrugged. "You don't have to talk about any of that right now if you don't want to. Just keep in mind that both Uncle Samuel and I really care about you. In fact, we love you. And if you don't hear me ask you about how you feel about your dad or your mom or about Glade or Dex, or even Twinkles and Bubbles it's not because I don't care but it's more about how I'm worried that I might ask or say something wrong. I also don’t want to make you talk about something when you really don't want to. Does that make any sense, Alex?" 
Alex nodded halfheartedly. "Yeah. It makes sense."
"Good. I just want you to know that I really care about you and so does your uncle Samuel. Usually I prefer to talk with someone I like and trust about things that bother me. For most people, it's a good thing to talk to someone you trust about a problem since it can cause too much stress to keep problems private and not share the burden of sorrow with a friend. I'm always here for you if you want to talk to me. But you don't have to open up until you're ready," Meredith added.
"We definitely care about you, Alex. Or else we wouldn't have taken you in to live with us like we did," Samuel smiled compassionately.
"It's okay for you to ask sometimes. I'd rather you ask how I feel about something then not ask because maybe one day I'll want to talk after you've asked again," Alex said.
"Then I'll keep asking from time to time. But just remember. If I haven't asked you and you want to talk about your family or school or your friends or anything at all, you can come to me and we'll talk about it. Okay?" Meredith added as she lovingly smiled at Alex and put her arm around her giving her an affectionate squeeze.
"You can talk to me too," Samuel said. "Especially about boys. If any boys ever bother you, you just come to me and I'll protect you with the kind of fierce protection that will bear a strong resemblance to the wrath of God," he said with a look in his eyes of serious intent. "No one's going to harm any female I love that's living under my roof. Not on my watch," he added in a determined tone. 
Alex liked feeling safe and protected by Samuel. She knew he meant what he said as he always locked the door behind him whenever he arrived home from work and as soon as anyone got into his car or left his car. He was especially careful to make sure that everyone at home was in the habit of keeping the doors locked. There were alarms for the cars and for their house. Just before going to bed, he made it a habit to make sure the doors were locked and the alarms were on. 
Everyone who lived in his home took personal responsibility for their own safety and the safety of others who lived there so everyone who lived under his roof had a key to the house. He believed it was irresponsible for someone to say that they didn't want to have to carry their house key with them because this would cause others to feel obligated to leave the house unlocked for the one lazy person who didn't mind putting those at home in danger by leaving the house unlocked. He realized there's really no place in the world that's so small or perfect that crime can't or doesn't occur. Such a belief was dangerously naive. He was right. Alex knew he cared for the safety of everyone in his home because he showed it. Samuel's credible assurance caused Alex to smile warmly at both Meredith and Samuel as they walked.
"Hey! Let's go see a movie!" Alex suggested excitedly.
"No. It's getting late," Samuel and Meredith said in near unison.
"Well then let's go to England!" Alex said optimistically even though she was only kidding.
"Yeah, right," Meredith said unexcitedly.
"If we left now, by the time we got there, it wouldn't be late anymore. In fact, it would be early as in early morning," Alex jested.
"Okay. You come up with the money within the next sixty seconds and we'll go there right now," Samuel challenged. Meredith tried to hide her smile over what might happen next because she knew Alex might actually have enough money in her own bank account to pay for it. Samuel put his arm around Meredith and saw her facial expression. He wondered if his suggestion might have been a mistake.
"How much?" Alex asked.
Samuel thought deeply for a moment as he crunched some numbers in his head. "Three round trip tickets, hotel, food and transportation for a two week trip, that would be about eight thousand dollars," he said in a businesslike tone.
"Never mind," Alex smiled a bit embarrassed. That was more money than she was comfortable spending. Samuel simply gave her a look that showed he expected her response. Alex smiled still embarrassed.
“Alex, would you mind if I spoke with Meredith alone for a minute?”
“That’s fine.” She had no idea why he wanted privacy but she actually had a good feeling about it. Samuel and Meredith stepped just a few feet away. He spoke with Meredith in whispers briefly and then made a phone call. As Alex waited she could see Samuel smiling as he talked and Meredith occasionally suggested things for him to tell to the person he was speaking with. After another few minutes of Samuel laughing and Meredith looking over to see if Alex could overhear, he set the phone against his chest and walked over to Alex.
“Someone wants to say ‘hi’ to you,” He said as he handed Alex his phone.
“Hello?”
“Would you mind if I came out to see you in a few days? Uncle Samuel offered to fly me out.” Glade smiled enthusiastically over the phone.
“Glade!” Alex was thrilled to hear her favorite brother’s voice on the other end of the line. 
“My schedule is more flexible than Uncle Samuel’s so he wondered if I’d like to come see you sooner than waiting for his busy schedule to lighten up. I think it’s a great idea! How about you?”
“I love it! I love it! Yes! Please come see me!” Alex instantly began hopping up and down in excitement and Glade laughed lovingly as he was excited for a chance to see Alex too. “How soon will you be here?”
“This weekend. Okay kiddo?” Glade smiled. Alex was so happy. They spoke together for several more minutes and her joy was overflowing as she smiled and laughed and was ecstatic to hear the sound of Glade’s voice. He couldn’t believe Uncle Samuel would be so generous with such a spur of the moment gift and Alex was already planning getting the right ingredients for Glade’s famous homemade cheese ball. Finally they would be together again as brother and sister. Even though it was just for a few days neither of them could hardly wait. Their goodbyes were cheerful before she hung up the phone.
“Thank you! Thank you! Thank you!” Alex hugged Samuel.
“You are so very welcome.” He winked at Meredith who was smiling and crying tears of joy. 
“We love you so much Alex,” Meredith smiled as Alex hugged her too. “We love both you and Glade more than you probably know.”
“You guys are the best Uncle and Aunt ever! I can’t wait to see him!” 



As Alex stepped out of Meredith's car, Meredith leaned over to remind her when she’d be back. "I'll pick you up in an hour. Tell Mrs. Lilly I said hello."
"Okay," Alex responded over her shoulder as she ran up to the door. Meredith waited in her car, made sure the car doors were locked and watched to make sure Alex was safely inside the Lilly home before she left. As Amelia let Alex in the door, she waved goodbye to Meredith.
"Hey, Alex!" Leena said cheerfully as she ran down the stairs to greet her. "Come on upstairs." As Alex followed Leena to her bedroom, Amelia left to go answer a ringing telephone after she shut and locked the front door.
"I think that's my mom's friend, Miriam calling. Miriam is my mom's best friend. Miriam, just moved a few days ago to another state. She used to live just a few blocks away so they're really going to miss each other." Leena then sat down in her chair next to her desk but moved it to make sure it faced Alex.
"So what's the big deal? They can stay in touch over the phone. You're mom can just fly out to see her from time to time," Alex said as she plopped herself down to sit on the edge of Leena’s bed. She then set her backpack next to her on the floor.
"No, Alex, it's more than that. They really, really love one another," Leena said as she looked at Alex to see if she understood.
After a few moments, Alex became wide-eyed. "Oh, I see. You're mom is…"
"Please don’t tell me you’re thinking of the counterfeit version," Leena plead in tired disappointment.
"You don’t even know what I was going to say," Alex scoffed in defense.
“And what were you going to say?”
Alex shrugged. “Why don’t you just tell me why it’s a big deal that Miriam moved.”
Leena was annoyed that Alex didn't get it. "Really?"
"Why are you all upset? You just said that your mom and Miriam 'really, really' love each other. That's two 'really's' you used. What am I missing here?" She then folded her arms defensively across her chest.
Leena held her head in her hands and sighed before she looked up and said, "I can't believe that you, of all people, wouldn’t get it."
"Get what?" Alex asked in a tone of increased irritation that Leena would think Alex might be dumb enough to miss something that she shouldn't.
Leena threw her hands up in the air in exasperation. "I can’t believe I have to explain this to you.” Alex simply smiled sarcastically as she sat.
“I’m listening.”
“Let’s clarify something first. Do you agree that immoral behavior between a man and a woman outside of the holy bonds of marriage is the counterfeit of the moral behavior inside the bonds of marriage?”
“Of course.”
“Then does it make sense to you to also believe that immoral behavior between two women outside of a deep friendship is the counterfeit of moral behavior inside the bonds of deep friendship?”
“Sure.”
“Really?” Leena squinted her eyes in skepticism.
“Yes! It makes sense. Immoral activities are the counterfeit of the good activities. I get it. I get it.” She then relaxed her arms at her side and listened patiently.
“Just wanted to make sure.”
“So your point is…”
“My point is that what my mom had with Miriam was the real thing, not the counterfeit.”
“And just to clarify, the real thing is…what?”
“An R. A. F.”
“Never heard of it.” Alex said disinterested as she checked her fingernails to see if she should get a manicure.
“A Refined Affectionate Friendship. You’ve never heard of it before?”
“Not a clue.”
“We discussed this at Julio’s, remember?” Leena didn’t believe Alex would actually forget so she gave Alex a look that told her she didn’t believe her.
“Yes!...I almost forgot.” Alex smiled sheepishly. “I looked at the website. It’s like a close personal friendship.” Alex smiled hoping Leena would change the subject but it was clear Leena wanted to talk about it. Alex gave in. “Okay. Tell me about R. A. F.s again.”
“Have you ever heard someone say they love their RA-BFF?”
“No.” 
“Well, an RA-BFF is a refined affectionate best friend forever. That’s what my mom had with Miriam. So they were super close friends. I mean, really close. As in really, really close.”
“There you go again with the two ‘really’s.” she said as she threw her hands up in the air.
“So are you saying you have no interest in the benefits and heart-filled joy that can come for women in an RAF?” Leena asked as if she were about to lose hope for all mankind. “Do you have no interest at all in love?” Alex looked at Leena’s face. Leena was wearing her heart on her sleeve telling Alex how much she cared about the value of close friends. Alex finally began to understand. She was quickly learning that Leena had a much better perspective on love than she did.
"I'm sorry, Leena. It's just that, well...that's the world we live in," Alex said humbly. “This world is either totally hot or totally cold. There’s not much to offer in between those two extremes.”
"Not everyone sees it that way. My mom doesn’t. Miriam doesn’t…and I don’t.”
“Okay. That’s good.” Alex shrugged.
“This isn't the world people lived in over a thousand years ago! People could be affectionate without being ‘hot.’ Purely and openly affectionate in close friendships.”
“I see your point. The counterfeit often closely resembles the pure original.”
“Have you heard the stories of David and Jonathan or Ruth and Naomi in the Old Testament?”
“Sure.”
“I hate that in this 'modern' world, at least here in the U.S., that we think we all have to be macho all of the time and keep our distance as if none of us is able to control our hot desires or actually distinguish between affection that is meant to sooth and express love rather than to only arouse for satisfaction of lust," Leena said in disgust over the coldness of society. Alex was surprised to see this side of Leena.
"You're right. We live in an oversexed society. I've always found the latest fashion magazines to be significant contributors to that mentality. They don't have their cover models covered up enough. They show too much skin. That's why I don't subscribe to them," Alex said thoughtfully as she tried to convince Leena that even though Alex had a lot to learn about what Leena was talking about, Alex was on her side.
"I never buy them either," Leena replied as she calmed down more and sat next to Alex on her bed. "Anne of Green Gables probably wouldn't either. She knew what a close, affectionate friendship was. She and her best friend never changed it into a counterfeit version of it."
"Why did Miriam move away?" Alex asked curiously.
"Her husband got a better job and so they had to move. He knew how hard it would be on my mom and her. He even asked his new employer for an extra thirty days and acted like it was for more time to pack up and move but really it was just so Miriam and my mom could spend more time together before Miriam had to go," Leena shrugged.
"Did he get the extra time?"
"Yep."
Alex sighed. "Well, that was really nice of him."
"Yeah. It was," Leena smiled thoughtfully.
Leena brought it up because she hoped Alex would help her to have her aunt Meredith agree to a close friendship with Amelia. But when Leena saw how quick Alex was to sexualize it, Leena thought she had best keep to herself the idea of Meredith and Amelia becoming closer friends to help ease the loss of Miriam's close proximity of a mutually close and affectionate friendship.
"Well I'm sorry your mom is having a hard time with it. I mean, it's not like we can just hook her up with someone else. The best of friends usually just choose each other naturally. Hopefully your mom will meet someone else who will be like Miriam. Then they can both enjoy the closeness because they both freely choose it together."
Leena looked dumbfounded that Alex seemed to have read her mind. "Can you read minds?" Leena asked warily.
"What?" Alex was confused.
"I was just thinking that same thing. That maybe my mom could find another best friend," Leena said in some excitement.
Alex shrugged. "She probably will. Maybe that could be Julio's mom. Or maybe it could be with my aunt Meredith." Leena gasped. Leena was starting to think Alex was able to read minds.
"But I'm not going to make anything happen that isn't supposed to. And neither should you," Alex said. "And no, I can't read minds. At least not without my ESP baseball cap on, which as you can see, I didn't bring with me," Alex smiled.
Leena chuckled. "Extra Sensory Perception baseball cap. Yeah right," Leena said as she figured out that Alex couldn't really read minds. Leena was grateful Alex hadn't figured out what Leena was hoping to do by hooking up her mom with Meredith so Leena didn't have to be openly embarrassed about Alex's suggestion to just let things happen naturally in friendship as an unintended rejection of Leena's idea to be more of a matchmaker in the process. Then Leena could see Alex was momentarily deep in thought.
"What are you thinking?" Leena asked with a curious smile. Alex liked Leena's attentiveness of her and Leena's observant friendly inquiries into the workings of Alex's mind. Alex smiled a bit before responding.
"I couldn't help but to think that both Miriam and your mom wouldn't be in this situation if Miriam's husband had more command over his income." She then grabbed a pillow and set it against the wall to lean back more comfortably on.
"Here we go again. Don't you ever think about anything else other than money?" Leena sighed.
"According to you, just a few minutes ago, I also think about sex," Alex said matter-of-factly.
Leena looked shocked and then she decided to give a rather disarming smile as she said, "Okay. Let's not fight.”
“But that’s what you assumed I was referring to earlier, right?”
“I don’t want to fight.” Leena smiled again and went back to the subject of money. She walked over and grabbed her laptop and asked, “What were you thinking about when you said he should have more rule or whatever over his income?" 
Alex chuckled and shook her finger at Leena. "Gotcha!" Alex smiled. Leena remained silent as she simply folded her arms across her chest and waited for Alex to answer her question. "I also think about love too, ya know," Alex smiled more charmingly. Leena tried to hold back a smile but was unsuccessful. She then sat back down at her desk and powered up her laptop.
"Are you going to explain the income thing or aren't you?" Leena asked as she tried to maintain her own resolve to not give into a possible opportunity to go back to an argument over love and sex. Alex didn't hesitate to respond. 
"Miriam's husband could choose to live and work wherever he wanted had he owned his own successful business and been a successful investor. Then Miriam wouldn't have had to move because her husband wouldn't have needed to move his family away for money. There are a lot of advantages of being wealthy. That's all I was trying to say."
Leena nodded. "That makes sense."
"Exactly," Alex said as she threw her hands up in the air to make her point. "And I don't think about sex nearly as much as I think about money, by the way," Alex added. "In fact, I hardly ever think about sex."
"I know," Leena responded now less defensive. “But I think I understand why you might be more…cold.”
“What do you mean?”
“My mom was talking to your Aunt Meredith and…I overheard a few things.” Alex swallowed heard and waited for Leena to tell her what she may have heard. “I didn’t catch all of what she said but your brother Dex…well…he wasn’t very nice to you, was he?” Alex quickly grabbed her phone and began dialing.
“Can you get me the number for an attorney? A really good contract attorney.” She then began to quickly write down a number. “Thanks.”
“Who are you talking to? Why do you need an attorney?” Leena asked confused. Alex began to quickly dial the number she was given.
“Hello? Yes. How much would it cost to get a contract to make someone keep their mouth shut?” The man who answered was quick and confident in his response as an attorney.
“Do you want an attorney to get a gag order on someone? Or are you looking for a nondisclosure agreement? And if it’s a nondisclosure agreement, I need to know if you’re looking for me to adjust one you’ve already got off the internet.”
“I don’t know. What’s the difference?”
“Wait a second. If you don’t mind my asking, how old are you? And what’s the relationship of the person you’d like to have bound to the agreement?” The man suddenly sounded more hesitant as he asked.
“Thirteen. I want my aunt to sign it so I can have some privacy back in my life. It didn’t know she was a big into gossip until today.” Alex was confident she was getting good help so far.
“Thirteen? Are you kidding?” The attorney began to chuckle.
“No.”
“You can’t sign any contract and expect it to be legally binding unless you’re at least eighteen years old.” The man could no longer control his laughter. “And if Simon put you up to this, tell him that was a good prank. No. That was a great prank! Wow! You really sound thirteen!” The man laughed even harder as he hung up the phone. Alex tossed her phone down onto the bed in embarrassed anger.
“What was that all about?” Leena asked raising her brows as she wasn’t sure if she was about to see more of Alex’s anger.
“I want my aunt to stop talking to your mom about me. A legal document can force her to shut up.”
“Wait, wait, wait. Are you serious? A legal contract?”
“Yes! My past pain is no one else’s business!”
“And you think that making your aunt–– one of the nicest people I’ve ever met–– that making her sign some paper that says she can’t talk about you…will help you guys get along better?” Leena scoffed.
“She has no right to talk about me behind my back!”
“Come on, Alex. Really?” Leena couldn’t believe what she was seeing in Alex. “You think that your aunt was finding…entertainment in talking about you to my mom?
“Well, I don’t know.”
“I didn’t overhear everything. But what I did overhear was how much your aunt really cares about you and how glad she is that you’re living with her.” Leena paused to see Alex’s face soften. “It was good. She complimented you on how strong you were to deal with what you had to deal with. I don’t know what it was you had to deal with. I just know that if your aunt hadn’t taken you in then… you and I wouldn’t be friends. I’m so glad we’re friends.” Alex felt embarrassed for overreacting.
“So…she’s not a gossip.”
“Neither your aunt nor my mom is a gossip.”
Alex wanted to forget how she had just embarrassed herself by overreacting. "Let's get to work on the Triple-C," Alex politely suggested.
"Okay."
"One of the things I was thinking about was that financial pitfalls in life are a lot like crime. Crime happens to all kinds of people. It happens to men and boys and women and girls. But since women and girls are more often victimized than men and boys, females have more to watch out for and guard against. Women even have greater financial needs than men do –– especially if they are single mom's through no fault of their own.
“Now crime is a hard fact of life. But studies prove over and over that women and girls will be less traumatized by falling victim to a certain crime, which means they may recover faster, if they know a certain crime is a reality and thus possible to become a victim of that specific crime than had they never known the possibility actually exists. They will also be more motivated to take the right actions toward prevention thereby significantly reducing the chances of them ever becoming a victim in the first place. Now since crime is like unexpected money problems people have got to start seeing some of these problems coming so they can do whatever they can to avoid them and keep it from happening to them. So hopefully we can help people see some of the pitfalls of retirement planning so they can avoid as many of them as they can. By the way, how's the website coming? Did you get more done?" Alex asked eager to see Leena's work.
"Yep! This is the latest I've done for our website," Leena said as she cheerfully turned her opened laptop around so Alex could see the screen with her. She was glad the attorney issue was over with.
"And I have more information for you to put up on the pages," Alex added as she hopped off of the bed and grabbed a chair to sit by Leena at her desk.
"Here's just a few of the images I showed you before. I figured if I only use no more than maybe five or so images per page then the pages will look less cluttered and therefore cleaner," Leena said. She continued as she pointed to the screen. "Most of the content will go here and we'll put links over here and down here.
"This is looking really good so far," Alex said as she patted Leena encouragingly on the back. Leena heard her cell phone jingle to let her know a text had just arrived in her in box. She checked her phone. 
“It’s Julio. Don’t worry. I’m not going to be rude to you and sit here and text with him for the next twenty minutes.”
“Good. Because we’ve got work to do and the last I heard, he’s allergic to work. Unless, of course, it helps him to get rich so he can buy whatever he wants without having to hope his parents will approve or be able to afford it. He asked me about that once.” Alex jested.
Julio’s text read: Alex will help us get rich! I just know it! C U later – J
Leena then texted back: A lot of adults will get rich too. Got 2 go now. She then tossed her phone onto her bed.
"Are you sure you can’t read minds?” Leena asked after hearing Alex talk about getting rich just before Julio texted about it.
“Where are you getting that idea from?” Alex asked in frustration.
“Never mind.” Leena answered as she rolled her eyes. “Where's the information you wanted to give me to add to the site?"
Alex dug through her black and white checkered backpack and pulled out a small USB drive. "Here. I'll make a copy of my notes for you," Alex said. She then copied a part of her Triple-C file onto Leena's laptop. "One of the things I was thinking of to help people prepare for retirement, is how they can come up with more money. They can either cut back on expenses and put the difference of that savings into their retirement plan, or they can sell off assets and use the money from the sales to put towards retirement. Ideally they'd do both," Alex said.
"I don't get it. What do you mean about using the difference of something for savings?" Leena asked perplexed. Alex tried to explain. 
"Let's say that a family, who we'll call the Stein's, owns two cars. One is a really expensive car that they bought new one month ago for eighty thousand dollars, and the other car is one they bought three years ago for only forty thousand dollars. Let's also pretend that both cars were financed which means that the Stein's had to go to a bank or other lender such as the car dealership's lender to get loans to pay for the cars. Now, if the three-year-old car is a good, reliable car that isn't likely to need any major repairs anytime soon, and if their loan payments are only three hundred dollars per month for the older car, and if the auto insurance is only one hundred and fifty dollars per month, and if gas and maintenance is about one hundred and thirty dollars per month, then it costs the Stein's about five hundred and eighty dollars a month to drive and use the older car. Are you with me so far?" Alex asked.
"I get it. The older car costs the Stein's roughly five hundred and eighty dollars a month to use and that includes gas and basic maintenance, like, say, for occasional oil changes and tires," Leena replied.
"Right." Alex continued. "Now let's pretend that the new car, the one just bought by the Stein's a month ago, has a monthly loan payment of five hundred dollars and an insurance payment of two hundred and twenty five dollars per month with gas and maintenance costing one hundred seventy five dollars per month. That's about nine hundred dollars a month to use the newer, more expensive car."
"Wow! That's almost a thousand dollars a month just for one car," Leena said dazed.
"So with the new car, that means that the Stein's pay the bank five hundred dollars a month to use the car and that the Stein's also pay an insurance company two hundred and twenty five dollars a month since most states have a law that requires you to pay for auto insurance to drive a car."
"I know that the bank gives you a loan to help pay for the car and that the monthly payments to the bank are to pay the bank back while you use the car, but what's the auto insurance for?" Leena asked.
"It's used to pay unexpected costs up to a certain limit if you get in a car accident. So if you get hit by another car, and if it's the driver's fault for hitting your car, if they don't have enough of their own money to pay to repair your car and to pay for your medical bills if you are badly hurt from the wreck then you can call your auto insurance company and say, 'hey, please pay for my car repairs and hospital bills' and you order that because that's what you've been paying for as a customer. As long as you pay your insurance bill on time, also called a 'premium', then the insurance company is obligated to pay for car repairs and medical bills you have if the person at fault doesn't."
Leena looked perplexed. "But didn't you say that the insurance has limits for what they'll really pay? What about that?"
"Okay, let's say that the cost of the wreck is only five thousand dollars to fix your car, but your hospital bills are two hundred thousand dollars. So that mean's you need a total of two hundred and five thousand dollars to pay for your car repairs and medical bills. Now let's say that the driver who hit you can only afford to pay five thousand dollars. That means that you still need two hundred thousand dollars to pay for the rest of your bills. If you, the victim of the accident, only agreed to pay for an auto insurance policy that will only cover one hundred fifty thousand dollars for your bills, then you would have to use fifty thousand dollars of your own money to pay off the rest of your bills so you don't create credit problems that can ruin your reputation with banks if you ever needed to borrow money in the future. But if you don't have any money at all, then you'd have to pay two hundred thousand dollars of your own money to pay for your medical bills. Unless, of course, you decide to sue the driver and make him or her pay for your bills since he or she was proven to be at fault for hitting you and causing the car wreck."
Leena was dumbfounded. "Wow. How do you know all of this stuff?"
Alex just shrugged. "I called around to three or four auto insurance companies and asked them to explain it to me really simply as if I were an eight-year-old." Leena chuckled. She was clearly impressed. Alex continued. "So back to the example of the eighty thousand dollar new car. Remember, the new car costs five hundred dollars a month to pay back the loan, two hundred twenty-five a month for auto insurance and approximately one hundred and seventy-five a month to cover gas and maintenance. So that's a total of nine hundred dollars per month.” Alex wrote down a few figures on some paper and then continued. 
“If the Stein's aren't really ready for retirement even if they still have another twenty years left before they actually retire, then the smart thing for them to do is to sell the newer eighty thousand dollar car, pay off its loan and buy another car that costs a lot less to use per month. Then they use the difference in costs to put towards their retirement. So if they sell the new car and buy a lower priced used car, like a two-year-old car for only forty-five thousand dollars, then if the cost to use the two year old car happens to be the same amount for the three-year-old car to use maybe only five hundred and eighty dollars a month, that's about three hundred and twenty dollars saved per month compared to the previous eighty thousand dollar car. I get that figure since they used to pay nine hundred dollars a month for the new and expensive car, but now that they're only paying five hundred and eighty a month for the second car, nine hundred minus five hundred and eighty equals three hundred and twenty in savings.
“Now they can put that three hundred and twenty dollars a month towards their retirement savings every month  instead of paying for a new car they don't really need, since a less expensive one can be used just as well for their everyday common  needs."
"So how did you learn all of that?" Leena asked curiously.
"I called a few investment companies that sell retirement plans and asked them to give me a few simple examples on how to cut expenses. I asked them to explain it to me in really simple terms. Some of them hung up on me since I was a kid. But a few of them were nice enough to help me learn a few things. I wrote the names of the ones who hung up on me so I don't recommend them to others. But the ones that took me seriously and were nice I'll remember to call in the future."
"Did you say, 'please explain it to me as if I were an eight-year-old?'" Leena chuckled.
"Yeah. Something like that," Alex chuckled cleverly. "But there's a problem with that example," Alex added.
"Like what?"
"Depreciation. That's when something that was once worth a lot of money isn't worth as much anymore. New cars have a fast depreciation which means that within a few minutes of buying the car, when you drive away from the car sales lot and act as the new owner of it, the car starts losing its value right away. So the new eighty thousand dollar car isn't worth eighty thousand anymore because the car is now considered 'used' since it has a first owner who has used the car and driven it. Once it's considered 'used' it's only worth about seventy-five thousand dollars and the value keeps dropping from there with each and every additional mile that the car is driven. Amazing huh? Ten minutes earlier it was worth eighty-thousand but just a few minutes later it's only worth seventy-five thousand or less once it's bought and driven by an original or first owner. So when the Stein's go to sell it, they may only get someone else to agree to pay seventy thousand for it. So that's a quick loss of ten thousand dollars for the Stein's."
"So how can you tell how much value a car has lost once it's used?" Leena asked.
"I don't know," Alex said thoughtfully.
"A lot of cars now a days have a high tech display on the dash board that tells you how good your gas mileage is so you can track gas costs. Maybe there's also a car value display on the dash board," Leena guessed.
"Maybe. Let's go check," Alex suggested excitedly as she jumped off Leena's bed. They both ran eagerly down the stairs.
"Mom? Mom?" Leena called out as they looked for her mom. "I'll ask my mom for the keys and we can go check out the dash board of one of my parent's cars out in the driveway," Leena added. As they continued to walk around the house looking for Amelia, they both began to hear the sound of Amelia's voice out in the backyard. As Leena went into the backyard to get her mom's attention, Alex followed close behind. "Mom?" Leena called over to her as Amelia talked on the phone. "If it's Miriam, tell her I said hello," Leena smiled.
"I'm talking to your dad now. Is it important? Because I need to talk with him," Amelia responded trying to quickly assess which conversation for the moment might be more important. Leena's father, Steve, was a hard man to reach and Amelia wanted to talk with her busy and often absent husband while she could.
"Never mind. It's okay," Leena replied. Amelia then continued her phone conversation as Leena and Alex walked back into the house. "I'll just go get the keys. I know where she keeps them," Leena said as she led the way and Alex continued to follow. Leena then went into the kitchen. On the wall near the entry closest to the garage was a set of pegs where the Lilly's often kept the extra pair of car keys. "There's only one set of keys here. Usually there's three," Leena said bewildered. "Oh well. I guess we'll just have to use these," she said as she reached up high and took the keys down off of the wall. Leena studied the keys and said, "I'm not sure which car these go to."
Alex reached for the keys and said, "I can figure it out." Leena simply shrugged her shoulders and handed Alex the keys.
"Good luck figuring it out. I don't even remember seeing either one of my parents use those keys before," Leena added rather skeptically.
"They look like old keys," Alex said studying them briefly before she led the way. Leena followed close behind as Alex headed over to the side door and out to the driveway. Leena closed the door behind them once they arrived outside. It was a beautiful day outside. "I bet that's the car," Alex said as she pointed at a crisp and clean, cherry red, nineteen sixty-five Shelby GT 350 in mint condition parked peacefully in the driveway. She then began walking towards it. Alex approached the driver’s side and unlocked the door as Leena went over to the passenger side door.
Alex hopped in and leaned over to the passenger side door as Leena said loudly, "Unlock the door." Alex looked at Leena, held her hand behind her ear and pretended she couldn't hear or understand Leena. "Alex! Unlock the door!" Leena repeated in frustration. Leena was not amused as Alex mouthed, 'What? What? I can't hear you.' Alex finally smiled as she unlocked Leena's door. "Very funny," Leena squinted sarcastically at Alex. She then sat down in the passenger seat while Alex smiled and sat in the driver’s seat and they closed their doors. "How did you know those keys worked for this car?" Leena asked curiously as she had quickly forgiven Alex.
"Old keys. Old car," Alex shrugged. "I'm not seeing anything that looks like it might be a value display anywhere on the dash," Alex said as she studied the variety of older gauges along the dashboard.
"Maybe they didn't have those back then," Leena suggested.
"Or maybe they did and they just look older or it's in a different spot," Alex added. "New cars have a gauge that helps drivers track things that are usually an improved feature based on older model cars." Alex then leaned over towards the passenger side floor and picked up a large envelope. "Maybe this is an owner's manual," she said as she opened it up to look inside. Alex's eye's got wide as she saw a copy of a collector's certificate inside. "Oh, no."
"What?" Leena asked.
"This says this is a collector's car. That mean's it doesn't depreciate but instead, it appreciates."
"So?" Leena looked confused.
"That means this car is a lot more expensive than when it was first bought. This is a rare car," Alex smiled nervously. “Why isn’t this car in the garage in a climate controlled environment?” she wondered. She listened for a response by Leena but she was focused on something else.
"What's that say over there?" Leena asked as she pointed towards the driver’s side.
"Over where?"
"Over there," Leena said as she got up out of her seat to point at the dashboard and accidentally fell over onto Alex and unknowingly released the car's emergency brake. Quickly Leena apologized and got up off of Alex and the two kept studying the dash. They were looking so closely at the dash that neither of them realized that the prized collector's car was now slowly rolling backwards.
"I don't think that's it," Alex said.
"But what is it?" Leena still wondered. The car began to pick up more speed as it continued coasting backwards.
"I think it's the..." 
"AAAH!" Leena screamed before Alex could finish her sentence. Leena suddenly noticed in the driver's side mirror the reverse motion of the car which caused her to quickly look out the driver's side window and begin screaming. Leena grabbed Alex's head and held on tight as Alex looked up to see the garage moving further and father away with increasing speed.
"AAAH!" Alex also cried out as both she and Leena screamed together. Amelia overheard their screams as they rolled faster backwards down the driveway. She hurried out to the driveway to see what was the matter and to try and help. Alex pushed Leena's grip from off of her head as she and Leena turned to look behind them to see what it was they were about to run into and this frightens them even more.
"AAAAAH!" They both continued screaming as they saw they were coasting faster and faster backwards right into the traffic of other cars driving along the street. As they neared the end of the driveway, other drivers see that Alex and Leena aren't stopping and the drivers begin to honk their horns and slam on their brakes. As Amelia ran down the driveway, her arms were flailing as a warning to drivers of other cars that tried to swerve to miss hitting any other cars as brakes screeched loudly and neighborhood dogs began barking and adding to the commotion. Alex and Leena's car miraculously slowed down as it hit a sudden raise in the street's intersection. The car finally jerked to a sudden stop as the back two tires hit the curb on the street by a nearby home. No passing cars hit the Lilly's car or any other cars and after one driver yelled in anger at Alex and Leena from afar, all but one of the drivers drove away. One driver wanted to do the right thing and make sure Alex and Leena were alright as Amelia ran over to the girls to confirm the same. 
Before the adults could arrive, Alex said in a subdued tone, "This...was not a good idea."
Then Leena replied sarcastically, "Ya think?!"



Chapter 14: A Very Different Kind of Carnival Ride


Meredith had never been to a parent teacher conference as a parent before. But now that she had Alex living with her, tonight would be the first of a series of meetings she would attend over the school year and for as long as Alex was under her care and attending North Ivy. When it was over, the sun had gone down and many of the parents were socializing with other parents. Most of the students were socializing with other students as they waited for their parents to finish and bring them home. As Meredith spoke with Amelia, Lucita was still talking with one of Julio's teachers.
"I'll bet she's telling your mom about how goofy you are at school," Leena joked to Julio.
"I'm rarely goofy at school," he responded as he managed to maintain a dignified composure.
"Yeah. Right," Leena joked sarcastically.
"Since approximately eighty percent of my time at school is spent in class and another twelve percent of my time is spent eating at lunch and another seven percent is spent actually getting to class, then the remaining one percent of my time spent cracking the occasional joke or being 'goofy' is, in fact, a relatively rare thing for me to be at school," he said as he made up the numbers along the way. Leena didn't know how to argue his point so she let it drop. Sensing her resignation, Julio gave Leena a rather smug smile to which she promptly changed the subject.
"So, how many references do you have so far for our presentation, Julio?" Leena smiled. She decided to start a friendly argument with him that she thought she could win.
"Eight..." he almost lied, "...is my goal for the next few days," he said as he gave himself a specific goal to work towards. So far Alex had managed to ignore Leena's and Julio's banter as Alex was busy reading a text message from her best friend, Chase, a classmate at her former school. Nothing too exciting. Although they missed hanging out together, their texts were occurring less and less often as time went on. It was natural but bittersweet that both she and Chase were moving on and making new friends.
"Do we have to discuss the Triple-C every time we get together?" he half whined in boredom to Leena.
"We're a team. That's what we're working on," Leena said in defense.
Alex sighed. "No. Julio's right. Sometimes we just need a break. Medical Science has shown that it's actually good to have some relaxation or fun and recreation at times. It clears the mind. Strengthens our spirit within. Helps people start fresh and return stronger the next time they get back to work," Alex said in a bit of emotional fatigue over the realization that she may never see Chase or Brenda or other former friends ever again now that she's left them behind by relocating to North Ivy.
"Let's go prove some of that Science," Julio said as he headed for the exit in cheerful relief over Alex's unusual mood of not wanting to work. Alex followed behind and after a brief moment of confusion as to where the two could possibly be going, Leena finally tagged along and quickly caught up to them.
As the three of them stepped outside, the crisp autumn night air gave Leena a quick chill and she quickly folded her arms across her chest to get warm. Neither Alex, nor Julio seemed to find the temperature that night to be too cold as they started to walk out into the parking lot and they passed several cars.
"We shouldn't go too far. Our parents might get worried," Leena said as she hid behind a respect for their parents when really she wished she hadn't left her mom to hold her jacket. She wanted to say that she wanted to go back and at least get her jacket but she wasn't sure if she'd be mocked for her need. She should've realized by now that Alex would not have been impatient with Leena and she wouldn't insult someone for simply wanting to be warm. Julio wouldn't have teased her for being too cold either. So Leena mistakenly remained silent.
"I know what my mom will worry about," Julio said. "She'll worry about that same nightmare she gets that makes her toss and turn in bed."
"What nightmare?" Leena asked sincerely. Alex was equally intrigued.
"The one where I suddenly want to get a clean haircut and start volunteering to mow the lawn and finish other chores around the house. She knows that if that ever happens, then that means I've been abducted by aliens who've left my clone behind."
"What?!" Leena replied in disbelief not realizing Julio was joking. But Alex smiled. She thought he was funny.
"She'll see my strange behavior, walk right up to me who, of course, is really an alien clone in disguise and she'll say, (he then imitated a demanding tone) 'Who are you, really? Where is your space ship?! I want my son back!” Julio joked wryly as they walked. Leena tried unsuccessfully to hold back a chuckle but Alex didn't mind letting out a good laugh that helped her to appreciate Julio's tendency for silliness. Alex needed to be cheered up although neither Julio nor Leena knew Alex was missing her former friends.
"I know which car belongs to the boy’s basketball coach," Julio said as they approached a row of cars. "It's right over here." Alex and Leena followed him as he headed over towards the far end of a row of cars that were parked sporadically among semi-empty spots. They were fairly far away from the building where the parent teacher conference was as the car was parked in a spot closer to the campus entrance.
"Why does he park it so far away?" Leena wondered.
"I don't know," Julio answered with a carefree shrug of his shoulders.
"What kind of car is it?" Alex asked curiously. But before Julio could respond and they could all get a closer look, the Meano-trio suddenly jumped out behind them. They were hiding behind a nearby car.
"I don't think the kind of car coach Rogers drives really matters right now. Do you, Jessica?" Shelly asked Jessica in a pompous tone.
"Not right now," Jessica replied in an equally pompous tone. Sarah remained silent as she watched Julio, Alex and Leena like a hawk.
"I think what does matter is what we're about to do to you three ugly wimps," Shelly said while closing in on them. Jessica and Sarah quickly took their cue from Shelly as they also crept closer to the Success Crew. But Alex isn't having it as she fearlessly corrects the lie Shelly just told about them.
"None of us are ugly and we're certainly not wimps so before you do anything stupid you guys better think about what we might do if you try and hurt us." Julio remained silent although he fully agreed with Alex and he stood close by her to send a message to the Meano-trio that he was in strong support of Alex's confidence. But the potential for open confrontation scared the daylights out of Leena and she started to quietly panic.
"Oh yeah? Like what might you do?" Shelly asked disdainfully.
"Like run! " Leena said cowardly as she took off running as fast as she could away from them hoping Alex and Julio would quickly follow her lead.
Julio and Alex watched helplessly as Leena was nearly halfway across the street in front of the school campus. Julio took a quick look at Alex before deciding to take Leena's lead by also running away. Although he knew Alex and he could probably take on the Meano-trio by themselves, he realized that Leena was now all alone and heading to who knows where and going after Leena to bring her back to their parents was better than getting into a big fight of two against three. So he too was off and running and hoped Alex would run too.
"Oh man!" Alex mumbled in frustration over their cowardice in leaving her alone. But Alex was no fool to stick around and get beat by three bullies so she immediately ran after Julio and Leena.
Although the Meano-trio were now chasing them in the night, Alex was faster than them all as she quickly caught up to Julio. Alex paced him as he ran so she could ask, "Any idea where she's going? The school and our parents are in the other direction." Alex hoped Julio could accurately explain Leena's apparent lack of common sense logic.
Julio answered somewhat out of breath as they ran, "Nope. But we can't leave her alone," he argued. Alex thought that since his dad was an expert in safety that maybe Julio was thinking of the buddy system or safety in numbers so she decided to stay with them. Alex picked up speed, quickly leaving Julio behind as she nearly caught up to Leena. Julio was in shock at how fast Alex could run. "There goes our future school track star," he joked to himself as he kept on running.
"Leena! Leena! Stop!" Alex yelled as she ran. But Leena was in full panic mode and kept running. Although the Meano-trio had not yet caught up to them, they showed no signs of quitting their threatening pursuit. Leena continued running until she arrived at a nearby carnival that had closed down the day before. None of the lights were on as all of the rides were closed. Leena was tired from running and looked for a place to hide. She spotted a dark merry-go-round on the fairgrounds and using only the light from the moon above, she crept up onto it's platform and tripped briefly but got back up to keep moving albeit slowly as she was nearly out of breath.
Back at the school, Meredith tried to pay attention to Amelia but she couldn't ignore the fact that she couldn't see Alex, Leena or Julio. Meredith interrupted Amelia trying not to sound too alarmed. "I'm sorry to interrupt, but have you seen the girls?" Both Amelia and Meredith turned to look around for Alex and Leena. When neither of them could see them, they looked at each other and both of them could sense something was wrong. Amelia jumped into action.
"Wait, just a minute. Leena has GPS on her phone and I should be able to find her." Amelia began to quickly punch buttons on her cell phone to find Leena. "Does Alex's phone have GPS for you to locate her?"
Meredith sighed, "I can't believe I don't know," she regretfully admitted as she held her hand over her furrowed brow and touched the temples of her head in worry.
"Oh no!" Amelia said and Meredith leaned closer to look at Amelia's screen. They both watched the GPS dot that represented Leena and they looked in shock to see it was getting further and further away from the school. Meredith felt certain Alex was with Leena. Neither could deny now that their intuition had been confirmed that something was, in fact, wrong. "Follow me, but you'll need to drive," Amelia said urgently as she took off running towards the exit. Meredith followed close behind.
Lucita turned and saw Meredith and Amelia running out the door and she knew something was wrong. If something was wrong with the girls, something might be wrong with Julio since he was probably with them. Lucita looked around and realized she couldn't see Julio. She quickly yet politely excused herself from the conversation with the teacher and stepped away as she instantly began dialing her cell phone.
"I'm parked over here," Meredith said as she quickly took the lead once outside since she knew Amelia wouldn't know where Meredith had parked. Meredith pressed a remote button on her car key twice. Her car chirped and turned off the alarm and unlocked the driver’s side door only. This was a habit she had to make sure that no potential carjacker or rapist who might be stalking nearby would have a chance to get into her car through another door. Once inside she unlocked just the front passenger door to quickly let Amelia inside. Once Amelia got in the car, Meredith locked the doors and they put on their seatbelts. As Meredith started her car, her phone began to ring.
"Would you answer that, please? I never drive and use my phone at the same time unless it's an emergency and I'm the only one in my car. Even then I still try to stop and pull over to use my phone," She said to Amelia.
"I understand," Amelia nodded eagerly in clear agreement. Meredith quickly passed over her cell phone to Amelia as she backed out her car and Amelia quickly answered, “Hello?” It was Lucita.
"Lucita, this is Amelia. I'm with Meredith right now. I'm glad you called," Amelia spoke fast but clear. "We're going to look for Leena and Alex since we haven't seen them in awhile. We're using cell phone GPS for Leena's phone to find them. So far it looks like they're about a quarter of a mile East of the school but if it's not her, will you stay at the school in case they show up?"
"Yes, of course.” Lucita replied without hesitation. “I don't know where Julio is either. I think he's probably with Leena and Alex. The last time I saw him they were all together. Let me know if you find him with the girls," Lucita said as she was equally worried.
"Will do," came Amelia's terse response just before she hung up Meredith's phone. Meredith drove fast across the parking lot as Amelia looked closely at her screen as she tracked Leena's movements. "Take a left on the street and go about a block or until I say stop," Amelia directed as she tried to remain calm. Meredith began to feel sick to her stomach with worry. 
As Alex followed close behind Leena, she too jumped up onto the merry-go-round and spotted Leena who had crouched down to hide.
"Why didn't you head back to the school? Our parents are there and so are a bunch of teachers. Shelly and Jessica won't hurt us in front of them. We'd be safer there," Alex said somewhat breathlessly to Leena. She then looked behind her to make sure Julio was okay and close to catching up with them. He wasn't far behind.
"I didn’t want people at school to see me running scared to mommy! Besides, I thought they might get too tired to keep running," Leena whispered in angry, defensive fear. Leena was still breathing heavy. Julio finally caught up and jumped onto the merry-go-round. He joined Alex in crouching down to hide with Leena.
"They're still coming after us," Julio replied as he looked behind. "What should we do?" he asked. Leena looked over and watched in increased fear while Alex watched and remained silent as she thought deeply to try to come up with a good strategy to keep everyone safe and get back to their parents at the school as quickly as possible. The Meano-trio were out of breath and stopped running. They were about fifty yards away and were walking towards the crouched and hiding Success Crew who momentarily couldn't be seen. The bullies walked the carnival grounds towards the merry-go-round.
"How did you catch up to me so fast?" Leena whispered to Alex.
"Yeah. You're one of the fastest runners I've ever seen. Even faster than guys I know," Julio whispered. He shook his head in amazement over Alex's speed.
"I used to run home from elementary school every day since I was about six years old. It was about a mile long distance straight down the road. It got to the point where I could easily beat the bus home. So I only rode the bus when I wanted to. I also eat healthy and I don't smoke. The continued habit of daily exercise helps too," Alex whispered back as she kept her eyes on the distantly approaching Meano-trio.
"Smart move. The benefits of that come in handy when you have to run for your life," Julio half-joked still whispering.
"Exactly," Alex whispered back as they all kept a look out for the girls.
"Leena," Julio whispered, "You do realize that running over here puts us all in a worse situation, right? I mean, it's not just the Meano-trio we have to worry about now," Julio said as he cautiously looked around and off into the darkness. Alex knew what Julio meant and decided to expound on it further since Leena looked confused.
"Stranger danger, Leena. Because we don't know if some axe murderer is lurking out here or some child kidnapper or two nearby."
"Or two?" Leena asked horrified as she pushed her back more firmly and upright against the wall as she sat on the floor of the merry-go-round.
"Sometimes criminals work in pairs as they trick people. You know. Two of them committing crimes together," Alex said in subdued tones.
"Or sometimes they work in threes," Julio said as he referred back to the Meano-trio.
"So now that we're all out here, alone, in the darkness, away from where a bunch of people in public can see us, we are officially in danger. Not a good thing, Leena," Alex chided in a whisper. "Next time, head back to a public place where a bunch of people can see you and hear you in case you have to yell for help," Alex added less chiding and more gentle with wisdom.
"Criminals prefer to commit crimes where no one can see them doing it. As in out of the public's view," Julio sighed. Leena had heard enough. 
"Okay! I get the picture! I should've ran back to where our parents were by the teachers in public view and asked for help. Now let's just drop it," Leena whispered back in angry fear as she hugged her knees close to her chest.
As the Meano-trio were only about twenty yards away, one of them spotted the Success Crew hiding on the merry-go-round. "There they are!" Jessica said loudly as she pointed.
Again Leena panicked and took off running. Alex and Julio followed close behind. Leena spotted a Ferris wheel around the corner and she jumped onto a Ferris wheel car and ducked down while Alex and Julio reluctantly followed her lead. Since the seats on the Ferris wheel were more like a closed car design, Julio quickly shut the door behind them once they had all ducked down. The upper half of the Ferris cars were wide open and the lower half were closed so they were quickly out of view. None of them said as a word as they listened intently.
Once the bullies arrived at the Ferris wheel, Shelly noticed that the seat to the right still rocked slightly which gave her the idea that the Success Crew were hiding in the gently swaying Ferris car. She secretly gave Jessica and Sarah a signal to stay quiet as they all slowed down and stopped just a few yards away. Shelly pointed at the suspected car and the three bullies quietly approached it. At first it appeared as if they could see the top of someone's head giving away their hiding spot. But they weren't sure because it was so dark outside. Shelly then walked over to the ride operator's station and used her cell phone as a flashlight to try and see which button would turn on the lights so they could more easily see their prey.
Alex had a thought. She whispered, "Something tells me we should all pray in faith for help. Let's all pray quietly in our hearts." She whispered just loud enough for Leena and Julio to hear without having the bullies hear. Alex, Leena and Julio all prayed silently for help.
Shelly then saw a switch labeled "lights" and she switched it on. The large Ferris wheel was instantly illuminated with a variety of colorful lights that shined brightly. Shelly and Jessica slowly crept up to get a closer look at Alex, Leena and Julio hiding but Sarah was distracted by something as she remained behind.
Sarah gasped. "Stranger danger!" she suddenly whispered loudly to Shelly and Jessica as a large shadowy figure was seen approaching off in the distance.
"Turn off the lights!" Shelly loudly whispered back to Sarah as Shelly and Jessica ran away from the distantly approaching stranger. Sarah panicked and she tried to turn off the lights quickly enough but accidentally hit the switch that started the ride as she turned off the lights. She then ran off. As the Ferris wheel began lifting them up into the air in the dark, Leena began to whine softly in fear but both Julio and Alex told her to stay quiet. In a moment of conscience, Sarah turned back and quickly turned off the ride thinking she was doing the right thing before the Success Crew were raised too high up and too dangerous for them to get out and safely to escape for themselves away from the approaching stranger danger. As soon as the ride slowed to stop, Sarah took off running again to follow after Shelly and Jessica who in typical self absorbed bully fashion took no thought to wait for Sarah to see that she safely caught up with them.
After the ride stopped, the Success Crew sat quietly as they listened for any sounds nearby. After several seconds of silence, Julio whispered, "I'm pretty sure I heard them all running away."
"Same here," Alex agreed.
"Yeah, they ran away," Leena agreed mostly because she wanted to believe it. All three remained crouched down as the ride briefly raised them up before it stopped but none of them had dared to lift their heads up to look outside yet. After several more seconds of silence, the three of them looked at each other and began speculating as to just how high off of the ground they might be.
"The ride only moved for about two or three seconds, maybe. It moved slowly so we're probably not that high up," Alex started. 
"I thought it was five or ten seconds," Julio countered still whispering.
Leena looked nervous as she tried to offer an optimistic guess. "Even if it was ten seconds, if the ride only moves, say, half a foot per second, then maybe we're just a few feet off of the ground." She was trying to reassure herself more than anyone else. A few more seconds of silence passed as they sat and nervously thought. "Well?" Leena asked with an anxious smile.
"Well what?" Alex asked. She was getting annoyed with Leena's spineless smile as she beat around the bush with her and Julio.
"Who's going to check to see how high up we are?" Leena asked more directly and less politely now. Several seconds passed with no response. "Julio. You're a boy. Why don't you check?" Leena suggested.
"I'd rather eat a broccoli and snake salad," he answered bluntly. Both Alex and Leena were repulsed at the thought.
"Why don't you look, Leena?" he politely challenged back.
"I'm not going to look," Leena scoffed in disbelief over the suggestion. Hadn't she been clear enough already that she didn't want to? What was he thinking?
"Well, I'm not either!" he said resolutely.
"Alex!" Leena plead as she looked to Alex to order him to be brave and look.
"All right! Just chill!" Alex sighed in frustration. She could see how Julio might be tired of having to always be the one asked to do the 'brave' stuff simply because he was the only guy around. Even though Alex didn't see that as a justifiable excuse for not taking the gentlemanlike protective initiative, she figured she could find a good solution. Alex became more calm as she began to make her suggestion. "We're all going to look at the same time."
"But..." Leena interjected.
Alex quickly interrupted Leena's objection. "Tsst! Hush!" Leena became quiet. Alex decided she would have to hide her own fears and put on a brave face to save their team. "We can do this. We're all going to look at the same time on the count of three." Alex waited a moment as she took a deep breath. She then followed through. "One...two...three!"  They all raised up and looked out at the same time.
"AAAAAH!" they all screamed together as they realized that the ride had stopped at its very highest point in the air suspending them all about fifty feet above the ground in the dark of the night. Quickly they all ducked back down to hide again.
"I'm never following your advice ever again, Alex!" Julio whined angrily while he kept his eyes tightly closed. Leena was also holding her eyes tightly closed as she quietly whimpered. "I'm not following your advice ever again!" Julio angrily repeated. "Not about school, or the Meano-trio...or about makeup or shoes..." he continued bitterly.
"Makeup or shoes? What?" Alex asked bewildered.
"And you’re never cooking for me again! You make a lousy liver sandwich!" he fiercely added.
"'A lousy liver sandwich?'... What are you talking about?!" Alex fired back in angry confusion. Leena tried to hide a smile.
Julio rubbed his eyes with his fists as if trying to hide tears. "It would taste better if you added marshmallows," he angrily whined. Leena couldn't hold back as she busted out in laughter. Julio uncovered his eyes and smiled.
"What the crumb?" Alex mumbled feeling even more confused.
"Feel better now, Leena?" Julio smiled as he gave Leena a friendly pat on the arm.
"You were more scared than me," she said to him in jest as she wiped away a tear.
"No. You were more scared than me," he protested.
Alex sighed as she looked at Julio. "You are so weird," she said.
He chuckled and Leena added with a smile, "Weird in a good way."
"Maybe," Alex finally smiled. She looked at Leena and Julio and rolled her eyes as she leaned her head back, looked up at the stars and let out a heavy sigh.
As Meredith and Amelia walked in the night among the various carnival rides, Amelia stopped for a moment and looked at her cell phone screen.
"This is it. It's not giving me anymore information."
"But at least we're in the right place so they can't be far, right?" Meredith asked hoping for reassurance.
"We should be within maybe two to three hundred feet of them," Amelia responded quickly as she began searching with her eyes. “Leena? Alex?” Amelia called out using a megaphone Meredith had in the trunk of her car. “Julio?” she called out again. The megaphone was loud but they heard no response.
"Well let's keep going and your cell phone map should be able to tell if we're moving closer or further away."
"In theory at least." As Meredith and Amelia continued to walk, they didn't hear a dark shadowy figure of a man that was approaching them from behind. "Maybe if we're this close we should try yelling out their names louder," Amelia suggested. 
Suddenly, a man stepped just a few feet in front of Amelia and Meredith. He faced them and stopped them in their tracks as he held a gun.
"Duck!" Manuel said firmly. The women dropped close to the ground and Manuel then aimed his gun squarely at the man who was following close behind Amelia and Meredith. The strange man was holding a gun. "Move out of the way," Manuel instructed the women without taking his eyes off of the stranger. Meredith and Amelia quickly moved out of the way and got behind Manuel. Their adrenaline pumped furiously as the three kept an eye out to see if there were any other dangerous people near.
"Put down your weapon," Manuel ordered the man with a loud tone of authority that commanded respect. The man hesitated but then decided he didn't want to get shot so he slowly set down his gun and kicked it away towards Manuel. The man then stood back up and kept his hands in the air. "Who are you?" Manuel demanded.
The man in question answered nervously, "I..."I'm with security. I work for the carnival." Although the man in question appeared to be wearing a standard security issue uniform, Manuel knew that the man could be fraudulently impersonating a security guard on carnival grounds for unscrupulous reasons. People fraudulently impersonate police officers and security guards all of the time these days. It's so common, that most police departments across the country –– especially in large metropolitan cities –– have an entire department dedicated to addressing the claims that come in regularly so Manuel wasn't taking any chances.
"Throw down your weapon.” Manuel ordered him. The guard then tossed over his gun close to Manuel. “Now, get down on the ground slowly. Put your face down with your head towards me and place your hands behind your head." Manuel ordered the supposed guard to do this so his hands were where he could easily see them. "If you move fast, I will shoot you. Understand?" Manuel said with a tone that left little doubt in the strangers mind that Manuel was deadly serious.
"Okay. I understand." The man did just as Manuel instructed and slowly laid face down on the ground while keeping his hands clearly visible to Manuel before placing them behind his head. With his gun still pointed at the man on the ground, Manuel walked over, kicked the stranger’s gun away towards Amelia and Meredith. Amelia grabbed it and held it ready to use against the guard if he suddenly turned against them. Keeping his gun aimed at the guard, Manuel used one knee on the guard’s back to keep him on the ground. He then handcuffed the man's hands behind his back.
"Where are your credentials?" Manuel asked him as he laid on the ground.
"My what?" The man asked.
"Your credentials. Your security identification. Where is it?" Manuel asked.
"Right shirt pocket." As Manuel reached into the man's front shirt pocket, his thoughts were racing. If it wasn't a security firm Manuel was familiar with, then it would take a phone call or two to confirm that it was a legitimate security company that existed with a currently active business license and that the man was truly employed with the security company in question. 
Manuel was hoping the company was one he was familiar with as precious minutes were ticking away and he much preferred to still be looking for his son Julio rather than having the interruption of making sure the security guard wasn't some sex offender posing as a security guard. Even if he could confirm he was a legitimate employee of the security company, he planned on doing a background check on him later anyway since too often men with a history of committing violent and/or sexual crimes often choose careers of power that they can abuse which gives them easier access to the types of people they prefer to victimize. If the guy was a registered sex offender, Manuel planned on turning him into the police and chewing out the security firm for not conducting an extensive background check as sex offenders are not allowed under law to work in careers that give them easy opportunity to commit the same crime(s) again. Manuel knew because he had trained his hiring staff to reject men on a regular basis who applied for jobs to work for his firm without being able to adequately pass his strict background checks and psychological profile tests. 
He breathed a sigh of relief as he pulled out the man's ID and studied it closely. It was a security company he was familiar with and he could tell right away that it was a legitimate ID and he didn't seem to be working in a criminal partnership with another since no one else came to the man's aid.
"Are these new uniforms? They look different than what I've seen before," Manuel said as he helped the security guard to his feet. 
"Brand new as of two months ago," the guard answered somewhat annoyed. "Now if you don't mind, who the hell are you?"
"I'm a concerned father who owns his own security business. Manuel Lopez." He put his own gun back in the holster, uncuffed the guard and handed him back his ID. "Mind if I get my gun now?" The guard asked smugly.
"No. Go ahead." Amelia returned his gun to him.
"So did your son decide to run away or join the carnival?" The man asked in jest as he returned his gun to his holster.
"That's what I'm trying to find out. But I don't think he ran away or joined the carnival."
"How did you get here so quickly?" Meredith asked Manuel.
"I was running late to meet Lucita at the school and by the time I arrived she gave me new plans for the night." 
"Such as following your son's GPS?" Amelia chimed in.
"Something like that," he said as his wide eyes quickly began searching where Julio and the girls might be. The four of them began walking and searching intently as Amelia and Manuel followed the GPS indicators on their cell phone screens.
"Are we looking for more than one child?" The guard asked.
"Two girls and a boy. All thirteen years old," Amelia replied a bit nervously as she worried dealing with the guard had taken longer than she liked. As she studied her cell phone guide, the GPS dot hadn't moved since they met Manuel. Amelia hoped Leena's cell phone battery hadn't died. The thought of Leena's battery dying made Amelia wonder if they were in the right area since Leena's GPS would probably stop working with a dead battery. That made her think it was time to get Leena a spare cell phone battery to keep with her in case of emergencies so she could change it out and keep a GPS signal going and call 911 or her parents whenever she needed.
Within just a few feet of walking, Manuel stopped and listened. "Do you hear that?" he asked as he looked at Meredith and Amelia. They all stopped and listened.
"I think I hear them over there," Meredith pointed as she walked in the direction of the sound. Manuel nodded in agreement and quickly ran ahead of Meredith to lead the way as the others followed. Amazingly, Manuel had technology with him in his backpack that made it easier to hear things in the distance –– such as the voices of others. He put his index finger to his lips to hint to Meredith and Amelia to remain silent as he listened. He then put what he overheard on speakerphone so Meredith and Amelia could also hear.
Alex, Leena and Julio were arguing loudly over which one of them should make the dreaded call to their parents regarding their current and dangerous predicament since they knew they would suffer the negative consequences of likely punishment by their parents. As each one made a lame excuse as to why they couldn't use their own phone, Manuel, Amelia and Meredith were relieved to overhear them and know they were relatively safe.
"I sent too many texts today and my battery is almost dead," Leena practically yelled in complaint as they all remained crouched down and hiding.
"Julio, call your Dad. He's probably the best person to come save us anyway," Alex suggested frankly. She was loud in her frustration but not as loud as Leena had been.
"I don't think I have a good cell phone signal," Julio lied yelling louder than Leena since his anger was based mostly in fear of getting in trouble with his dad.
"Would you like to use my cell phone?" Manuel asked him with the megaphone loudly enough for Julio and the girls to hear him. The Success Crew froze in shock to hear Manuel. They all remained crouched down and didn’t move as they were unsure of just how upset Manuel might be. Julio cringed over hearing his father's voice which made Alex giggle although Julio had no intentions of being funny.
"Or one of you can use my phone," Amelia offered loudly through the megaphone. Leena looked faint as she realized her mother was also there and again Alex found unintended humor in the shocked facial expression of Leena as Alex tried to cover her mouth to hide the sounds of her laughter unsuccessfully. Then Meredith took her turn to use the megaphone and made the final offer.
"Alex, would you like to come down and borrow my phone as it may be the last call you make before I ground you for the rest of your life," Meredith said with a frustrated smile. Alex stopped laughing.



Chapter 15: Surprising Answers about What Heaven is Really Like


Alex was a little nervous having Uncle Samuel pick her up after school the next day. Her feelings were bittersweet. On the one hand the Success Crew was safe. But on the other hand, although they may have had an innocent albeit dangerous error in judgment by running away from the school and into the dark and thus out of the view of those who would likely have protected them, they were still more guilty for trying to avoid calling their parents quickly to get them back into a safe environment and for being too afraid their parents might not believe them when they told the truth about what happened. Thankfully all three of the Success Crew were found safe before it was too late.
Although Aunt Meredith was clearly upset last night, on the way home, she never raised her voice or insulted Alex or used any foul language. Aunt Meredith's tone was firm and clear as she expressed her disappointment over Alex's decision to put herself in further danger rather than immediately returning to Aunt Meredith or another trustworthy adult at school such as Amelia or Lucita or a teacher for help. Alex was relieved to find Meredith believed her about the Meano-trio and certainly sympathized and agreed that a solution to the bullying needed to be rendered quickly. But Meredith didn't say much more about it and felt she and Samuel should talk about it later when he was home. But since Samuel was working late last night, Alex was already in bed by the time he got home so the planned lecture would have to wait. 
Alex's biggest worry was that they might send her back home to live with her essentially neglectful parents where she would have to live every day in fear of Dex all over again. She knew Glade would never go back under any circumstances and without Glade at home, who would try and protect her from Dex? She wondered if she was going to get a preview of the eventual and mostly dreaded lecture with Uncle Samuel now since he was picking her up while Aunt Meredith attended a doctor's appointment. As Samuel pulled up in his truck where Alex was waiting in front of the school, she braced herself for the worst.
“Hi, Uncle Samuel," Alex said timidly as she hopped up into the front passenger seat and sat down. She then shut the door and put on her seatbelt and prayed in her heart for mercy. She then locked the car doors as usual for safety.
“You beat me to it,” Samuel smiled referring to locking the car doors.
“Sorry,” retorted Alex.
“No need to apologize for that. It’s a good habit. Safety is important. If you remain vigilant, you reduce the chances of becoming a victim,” he gently commended her. “You did the right thing.” Alex wasn’t sure if that was the last time she’d be recognized for having done something right. She was nervous about a possible rebuke for last night’s unplanned carnival adventure with Leena and Julio. "So did you have a good day at school?" he smiled. What? No lecture? So far so good, Alex thought.
"It was pretty good," she said a bit bewildered as she couldn't understand why he was being so nice since she assumed she was still in trouble.
"Any problems with the Meano-trio today? Aunt Meredith told me what happened last night," he said in a tone of protective yet gentle concern.
"No. Not today."
"Good. Aunt Meredith and I would like to help you figure out a solution so you're not bullied by them anymore. Hopefully we can work something out with principal McDougal and your teachers and other students so that none of the students are bullied by them anymore either. What do you think of that?"
"Sounds good to me," she responded as she stretched her legs out.
"Good. The sooner we can meet and come up with the solutions needed to stop the bullying at North Ivy the better," Samuel said as he drove. Alex tried to push out any worries about being sent back home to live with Dex. She couldn't stand not knowing so she decided to ask.
"Uncle Samuel?"
"Yeah?"
"You and Aunt Meredith aren't going to send me back home to live with my parents and brother are you? I don't want to live with Dex ever again. I'm sorry for what happened last night, really. Please just don't send me back home," Alex plead rather calmly as she fought back tears. Samuel was stunned. 
"No way. You didn't mess up that badly. Don't you worry Alex. We're not going to send you back home unless your dad asks for you to come back. And even then we'd try and make sure Dex has already moved out." He then reached over and gently stroked Alex's head and smiled. "I know you're sorry." Alex took a deep breath and let out a sigh of relief. For her to be sent back home would be more than she could bear. Thank goodness he agreed with her that it wasn't a good idea for her to live with Dex. 
It was a beautiful afternoon and Alex decided that since Uncle Samuel had no apparent intentions of chastising her right then that it was okay to relax a little and enjoy the beauty of the day and the passing scenery. They both rode along in silence for several moments and Alex began to wonder about Aunt Meredith.
"Why is Aunt Meredith at a doctor's appointment? Is she okay?" she asked thoughtfully.
"She's fine. We're just working on having a baby and so she's in for a check up." 
Alex gasped. "A baby? You mean I'm going to be an older cousin?" she asked in delight.
"Hopefully if things go well then sometime before Christmas we'll know when we're having our first baby," he smiled proudly.
"But that's almost three months away. It doesn't usually take more than a few minutes to get pregnant, right? So why do you say it might be near the holidays before you'll know?"
Samuel chuckled. "It's called planning, Alex. We think our finances should be in order enough for a birth next year. Having a baby is expensive and with each passing year as the baby grows up, it gets more and more and more expensive to raise just one child. It also takes a lot of time out of our daily schedules to care for a baby and the amount of time needed to raise our child right will be fairly extreme for the first few years. Your Aunt Meredith is even considering quitting her work at the University to become a full-time choosing home mom. I think that's a good idea since all of her friends who've started having children also quit their jobs as soon as they could afford to and they say they're so much happier to be at home with their children. 
“I guess that makes sense because neither of us likes the idea of hiring total strangers to raise our kids by having to put our child in some daycare all of the time. We want to have the joys of teaching them about life and being their main source of stability by actually being there actively involved in raising them every day. Besides, experts estimate that the work of a full-time choosing home mom is the equivalent of two full-time jobs so for Aunt Meredith to keep her job at the University and also try and raise children would really overwhelm her. I'll definitely do my part to help her out when I get home from work with things like dishes and laundry and diaper changes and stuff because that's what a good husband and father does and because I love her it's a natural thing for me to want to work with her in raising our children you know as a team. So I want to help lighten the load of my wife as she's the mother of our children. That's why we're being careful about the timing of the labor and delivery so we can be better prepared for the financial demands and time needs of our schedules. This way we enjoy our new roles as parents more. Even the pregnancy is expensive with regular doctor’s visits and checkups. But we're so excited to have our first child," he smiled.
"Hey! I thought I was your first child," Alex said in jest.
"You're our first early teen trial run," he joked back. Alex chuckled. "Hey don't knock it. That's advanced stuff," he quipped. He then remembered Meredith wanted someone to take notes for her at the meeting and so he thought he'd ask Alex if she remembered her offer to help. "Aunt Meredith said you volunteered to take notes for her if we sat in on another meeting at Linda's office today. Is that true?" he asked.
"Yeah. She texted me and asked me to let her know what was discussed and I told her I would. But don't you want to be with her at the doctor's appointment?"
"Yes. I do. In fact this will be the first time I've missed an appointment with her. But she insisted that I attend this meeting at Linda's today since this afternoon was the only time she could meet with her doctor so my attending in her place as a proxy is how she's going to try and be in two places at the same time," he replied. "I've never attended any of Linda's meetings yet. Do you think I'll like it?" he asked curiously.
"Do you like to see the super cool mysteries of God revealed?" Alex asked.
"I sure do."
"Then you'll like this," she spoke confidently.
As Alex and Samuel took their seats in the back of the room, Eve and Linda were finishing up a conversation nearby.
"Glass of water?" Samuel offered to Alex as he poured some from a nearby pitcher into a glass.
"Thanks," Alex said as she accepted the glass and took a drink. Samuel then poured himself a drink.
As Linda walked up to the front of the room, she asked the group, "How is everyone doing today?" Everyone nodded and smiled as if to say they were all doing well. So far Alex had attended every meeting Linda has had with the group, even once when Glade flew in to visit. But this would be the first time Aunt Meredith would be absent. Alex wondered if Uncle Samuel would participate as much as Aunt Meredith had or if he would fall asleep. He looked a little tired but not much.
Behind Linda on the white board to the right was written the various references from the scroll notes as well as from both the Old and the New Testaments in the holy bible as a review of what had already been discussed. It listed several references: 
Truths about God: 155/4=9, 63/38=13, John 3:16-17, 433/12=48, 265/130=22, Acts 17:27-29, 39/17=36, 459-460/27=1322, Romans 8:16, 72/9=6, 4/1=39, Hebrews 12:9, 435/14=911, Matthew 5:48, 1 John 4:79
We are God's children: 182/93=29, Hebrews 12:9, Acts 17:29 
Spiritual life before mortal birth: 7/3=5, 3536/3=2226, 290291/138=5356, Jeremiah 1:5
Purpose of God: 7/1=39, John 17:3
Creation of earth: 39/17=36, 20/6=63, 283/30=44, John 1:13, 5/2=1, 2 Corinthians 5:67
Freedom of choice; Adam and Eve and the Fall: 5660/ 2, 8/3=1517, 12/5=11, 59/2=25, 239/12=2234, Genesis 2:15-17, 811/ 4, 12/5=1012, Genesis 3 (all), 6/2=2631, Genesis 1:26-31
"Now as you all know, I emailed each of you a few days ago asking for ideas of specific questions we could look for answers to today.” Linda reminded them. “Each of you were given the opportunity to ask only one question we could try and find answers to. Interestingly enough, a couple of you asked the same question. So ultimately there were three questions asked. The first question being: 'why are we here on earth?' which was also asked by another person being phrased as: 'what is the overall purpose of life?' The second question was: 'what is the significance of Jesus Christ's atoning blood sacrifice?' and the third question was asked by two people: one asked it as: 'where do we go when we die?' and the other asked it phrased as: 'what is life like after death?'" All of these questions were already written on the other white board to the left. She continued.
"As you may also recall, I then emailed you back those questions and encouraged you to search through both the light blue scroll notes and references along with the biblical notes and references in preparation for today’s discussion. So who would like to get the ball rolling? Who researched to see what truths we could find as the answer to the first question regarding understanding the purpose of life?" Linda asked.
Eve decided to respond first. "Some of what I discovered in the scroll notes was so enlightening because the fact is, the bible doesn't expound on this to the degree that the scroll does and the answer the scroll provides makes perfect sense." She then opened up to her notes. "Ultimately we are to experience joy as a direct and natural result of preparing to meet God so we will be worthy to go back to live in the presence of God. This life is a period of testing to see if we will do what the Lord wants us to do to see if we will obey His commandments and thereby find peace and happiness in doing God's will. That is the purpose of life in a nutshell according to the references to the scroll. Now we all know we're going to experience pain and sorrow at times in life but it's the sincere preparation we do to be ready to meet God and return to His presence that greatly reduces the amount of pain and sorrow we experience since God's work is to help us to all feel joy in this life as we willingly follow His plan to live with Him again after this life is through."
"There's also another aspect to the purpose of life I noticed," Robert chimed in as he leaned forward and spoke. "This life is also a test to see if we will freely choose to follow God's plan of happiness even when it's hard. Or in other words, we're here to prove to ourselves in the end if we spent our time well in life by choosing to do what's right even though life can bring experiences of pain and sorrow either because we brought it on ourselves or because someone else made a choice that directly or indirectly causes us to suffer innocently. I say this since we're learning that God will never force any of us to choose to follow His plan. The Lord never makes us do the right thing every time but He has created eternal laws which means there are natural consequences to our choices. So again, this life is a test to see if we'll do what's right even when it's hard and thus experience more joy in this life and in the next life. Will we do what's right and live happily and at peace with our fellow man or woman? Or will we freely choose to break laws, break ourselves in opposition against the laws of happiness and experience more pain and sorrow as a natural consequence of our own choices in this life? Will we choose to break laws now and thus experience sorrow in the next life when we prove to ourselves we didn't choose to prepare in this life to live with God again, so we can't live with Him in heaven? It's up to each of us as to what happens to us as individuals."
"Exactly," Eve said. She then continued as she referred back to her notes. "Because we're learning that according to the scroll as well as other biblical references, God desires to share all of His powers with all of us as His children and that's His work and ultimate goal is to help each of us to become like Him being immortal and having eternal life the highest quality of life and state of being that any of His spirit offspring can attain to then that means that He hopes we will choose to become like Him and make good choices in life just as He once did to achieve what He has achieved which is the ultimate transformation of both mind and heart or body and spirit which is to become a God. So experiencing life on earth is a tremendous opportunity for each of us as His children."
"And it's a huge blessing," Linda added before taking a sip from her glass of water. Spence appeared to be taken by surprise by such concepts as he clearly recognizes these are the very highest ideals one can exercise faith towards. He continued to ponder these things quietly to himself. Ananias seemed to be thinking deeply as well as he squinted his eyes in silent thought. Alex was amazed by the new knowledge and looked to see Samuel humbled by what he was learning. Eve continued.
"Now our life on earth brings two core realities of many: physical death and spiritual death. Remember, God has an immortal body which means it's a glorified and perfected body of flesh and bones. The only way any of us, as mortals, can, in reality, handle simply being in His glorified and perfected presence and enjoying the blessing of living with Him again, is if we, too, achieve the goal of having a perfected, immortal body of flesh and bones. But since we are all subject to physical death due to the fall of Adam and Eve, there would be no hope for us to return to live with God again unless Jesus became our Savior."
"You know, another hang up is the fact of sin. Sin brings about that spiritual death you also referred to," Robert added.
"And what do we know about sin?" Eve prodded.
"I think that to sin is to do something you know and feel is wrong but you do it anyway. Sometimes people sin out of sheer apathetic rebellion and other times they sin out of an ironic form of hypocrisy. Like when you learn right from wrong and you don't do what's right because you're more worried about what your friend will think of you or a family member will think of you. It’s ironic hypocrisy when you place someone else’s opinion in a place of greater importance than what God’s opinions. And the ten commandments that were taught by God's prophet, Moses, are a good indicator of what God thinks is right and what's not. To go against the laws of happiness and act like we enjoy sinning when deep inside we’d rather do what’s right and we don’t stand up for our heartfelt values of integrity is an ironic form of hypocrisy," Samuel suggested. Linda was glad to hear him chime in.
"That sounds true to me," Eve smiled.
"I would have to agree," Robert nodded as he twirled his pen in his hand.
"Choosing to sin often brings on feelings of guilt and shame so guilt is like a warning, like a triggered spiritual alarm system within our heart and mind that warns us that problematic, if not seriously dangerous, results are coming," Linda said.
"And for those who know what our Heavenly Father expects of us, for those who know His laws and His plan for happiness and yet they still disobey and rebel, those people will suffer greatly in the next life. It's impossible for us to sin and only hurt ourselves. When we sin we harm others either directly or indirectly and often innocent people are victims of our selfish choices. No just God would want one of His children to be harmed innocently and let the guilty go unpunished," Robert added somberly. He quietly wrote down a thought that came to him.
"We also know that no matter how attractive sin can appear to be it always leads to suffering. The lie of Lucifer as the adversary through many voices of the world is that you can separate sin from suffering when it's simply not true. Sin leads to unhappiness sooner or later every time you choose it," Samuel added with certainty. Alex was enjoying learning what her Uncle Samuel felt about important spiritual matters.
"That's another important insight," Eve agreed. "We also know that the fact is, we often give into temptation because of our mortal condition. I mean, think of it. Which is more attractive and appealing to us? To go out in the hot sun and do yard work when we previously committed to do it? Or to stay indoors and waste time on our computer? It's easier to find a way to justify wasting time on our computer, right?" she smiled. Most everyone in the room chuckled. "Overcoming the temptation to be lazy is not easy. It's often rewarding when we do what's right by mastering our own desires and living a life centered on high moral principles rather than choosing activities, thoughts and conversations centered on giving into physical appetites and desires. But since we're all here as mortals on earth, the fact is that we're all going to make mistakes. 
“And just as Robert mentioned, it is precisely because we sin that we render ourselves unable to return to live again in heaven with our Heavenly Father unless we are cleansed by forgiveness first. We are learning what the bible says, in the book of James, when were taught that “faith without works is dead.” It means that we can’t just exercise faith in salvation without also obeying God’s commandments. It means we are saved by Christ's grace while we do our best to obey His commandments since it's impossible for us to obey them all perfectly. We need His grace but we must do all that we can in obeying the Lord’s laws for happiness to be saved as well. It's in this way that Jesus has taught us He is the way to eternal life which means we must do as He has outlined in order to receive the blessing of eternal life. It's not just knowing of Christ or learning of Him that saves us. It's taking the right actions that He has taught for us to take and then using His grace after we've done our best to follow Him daily that gives us eternal salvation. That's the proper understanding of how His grace works to make us all more like Him which means to be saved."
"That is an excellent transition into the answer to the second question regarding the significance of Jesus Christ's atoning blood sacrifice. Unless you had anything more you'd like to add, Eve," Linda smiled.
"That's all for now," Eve answered.
“Thank you for your thoughts, Eve. Would anyone else like to add more truths to what Eve appears to have found?” Linda asked openly. The silence in the room was humbling as nearly every face showed of deep contemplative thought. This indicated to Linda that no one else had anything else to add regarding the overall purpose of life. “Alright, then lets move onto finding answers of truth about Jesus Christ’s great atoning sacrifice. Has anyone here taken interest in finding the answers to this second question?” Linda inquired. She then sipped more water.
“I have some thoughts on that.” Robert chimed in pointing his pen in her direction.
“What have you found?” She smiled.
He was highly enthusiastic but not over-the-top in his response. “The scroll Jacob’s notes refer to have a tremendous amount of information about Jesus Christ and His atonement that harmonize perfectly with the bible in addition to providing insight that can’t be found by relying on the bible alone. Sincere seekers of truth who truly love the things of God will love receiving these additional truths about Jesus Christ because if there’s any one subject that this scroll seems to illuminate and enlighten us on the most, it’s the subject of our Savior Jesus Christ and the ultimate and deeper meaning to be obtained about the atonement.” He briefly looked over some of his notes and then continued. 
“Most of us here know that God encourages and influences us to do good things such as learning truths about God, believing in him and his truths, learning about the purpose of life as it relates to Him and to learn right from wrong so we can make good choices that lead us to happiness. Most of us here also know that Satan is opposed to all that God encourages so Satan tempts us to commit sin and to not do those things that are of God. Satan, the father of all lies, doesn’t want us to learn truths about God so he therefore mixes in lies so as to either get people to believe false things about God or to believe the lie that we don’t need to understand or know God or His Son, Jesus Christ. 
“Also Satan, as God’s and our adversary, mocks us or inspires others to mock those who do good things, those who seek to believe in God and teach and/or learn truths about God. The Adversary wants us to doubt God’s existence, God’s love and mercy and justice and to make wrong choices that lead ourselves and others to misery. But mercifully, our Heavenly Father has made a way for us to learn the truths about God that are necessary for our happiness and salvation and thereby exposes the lies of Satan for what they are. Now, in our mortal experience here on earth – a. k. a. “life” – we get to at times have experiences that provide us joy and happiness. But at other times we experience sorrow and pain, sometimes from our own poor choices and other times from the sinful actions of others. It is directly because of such experiences in life that gives us all invaluable opportunities to learn and grow. This is what helps us to make choices as we learn to recognize the difference between good and evil. Now here’s one thing that really stood out to me: Before this world was even created and organized, Heavenly Father chose Jesus Christ to be our Redeemer, our Savior. 
“Heavenly Father made this vital decision first because we are not able to overcome the effects of sin by ourselves and we are not able to overcome physical death by ourselves. Our loving Father in Heaven made it his number one priority to choose our Savior first because we are totally helpless without the atonement of Jesus Christ. That’s how important it is to him that we all have a way to return safely back to him in heaven after this life.”
“That’s a lot of love.” Spence said thoughtfully.
“As a concerned mother I always made sure my children had a safe way to come back home to me anytime they walked out the door. The Lord knows how many times I’ve prayed for my children’s happiness and safety –– especially whenever we were apart.” Eve added.
“Most parents would say as I do: ‘Amen to that!’ ” Linda responded.
“Absolutely!” Robert agreed. Samuel gave Alex a loving nudge with his elbow and smiled gently to her to let her know he had prayed for the same for her. This made Alex smile with a warm feeling of comfort and peaceful security. Robert continued.
“It’s only possible for us to overcome the effects of the Fall of Adam and Eve because of the atoning sacrifice of Jesus Christ. And since the beginning of the world all prophets have testified that Jesus Christ is our Redeemer. Now here is something I learned about the resurrection of Christ that just blew me away!” He said rubbing his hands together and smiling as eagerly as a kid who was about to be handed his favorite dessert. “Even though we all go through a physical death, Jesus Christ overcame the interference of physical death for us. So for those who may not know what the term ‘resurrection’ means, the divine meaning of resurrection is: the literal reuniting of spirit and body and this as a divine gift that is promised by our loving Father in Heaven to each of us.”
“How is that possible?” Ananias asked rather skeptically.
“Jesus Christ made it possible. You see, when He died by crucifixion on the cross, His spirit separated from His body. But on the third day after His death, His body and His spirit were forever reunited and would never be separated ever again. Literally hundreds of people witnessed this and this is recorded in the bible. His resurrection was recorded in the scriptures and so hard to ignore because His death was so public. So many people saw Him because He appeared to them showing the people that He in fact had an immortal flesh and bone body. He ate with people and they witnessed it. He walked and talked with people and they recorded it as historical fact. He laid His hands upon the heads of His apostles and they testified of it. All of these things happened after Christ’s resurrection. Can you imagine what it must have been like for all of those people to see Jesus the Christ appear to them three days after His death when He showed He forever has an immortal body of flesh and bone?” Robert asked in awe.
“I would have absolutely loved to have been there.” Linda said quietly in a tone of reverence as she leaned back more comfortably in her chair.
“Yeah, I’d have to say that seeing someone come back from the dead while looking better than he ever has before would be a pretty jaw-dropping experience. Even for those who aren’t scientists.” Spence half-joked. Ananias discreetly exited the room. Samuel noticed but just assumed he probably just needed a bathroom.
“But it gets even better.” Robert added with a broad smile. “The ultimate meaning of Jesus Christ’s resurrection for all of us is this: all of us will be resurrected after we die because of Christ’s resurrection – regardless of whether we have made good choices or made evil choices in this life.”
“You mean that everyone of us will receive a perfect, immortal flesh and bone body after we die – a body that looks just like we did before we died?” Spence asked bewildered.
“Exactly. We’ll get our own body back but it will be perfected and immortal which means that our immortal body will never get sick, never again cause us to feel any pain and never again go through physical death. Now how cool is that?” Robert asked eagerly.
“Do we have an idea of how old our resurrected body will look?” Linda inquired. She leaned forward, eager to hear any responses.
“From what I have gathered from the scroll notes, it looks like our body will look the age of what is our ‘prime of life’ which most likely means our mid-twenties. Possibly early thirties.” He said thumbing through his notes.
Eve was also going over the notes and added, “It also seems that the resurrection is what makes simply being in the presence of God possible – otherwise we’d be totally consumed by the purity of his presence since our mortal bodies can’t handle it. But even though the resurrection makes it possible for us to stand before God by returning to His presence to be judged, it does not guarantee that we’ll get to live in heaven or that we’ve earned the right to dwell with Him again. The only way we can be found worthy to be blessed to return to live with Him in heaven again is for us to be cleansed from sin. That means we need to be spiritually clean.” Robert listened intently and felt to bring more emphasis on her last point.
“I noticed that in the notes also. Although none of us are responsible for the Fall of Adam and Eve, we are obviously still affected by it since the Fall changes our natures where we want to do what we want and to be selfish, carnal, sensual and basically not as eager as we should be to do what is right and thus it’s often easier for each of us feel, shall we say, less enthusiastic about following God as we need to for our own happiness and success in life. So we need help from God to have our hearts changed to become better so that we become good and selfless and to desire to follow our Father in Heaven’s plan for happiness. But we also need to realize, however, that we are responsible for our own sins. Now with this fact in mind, we must realize the reality that God can’t allow sins to be brushed off and go unpunished which means that sin inevitably keeps us from being able to live in His presence without a Redeemer. This is why Jesus Christ is the only way for any of us to be saved since it’s His mercy and grace that cleanses our sin so we can live with Heavenly Father and his beloved Son, Jesus Christ again. Jacobs notes about the scroll point out a specific outline of what we need to do to receive the saving grace of Christ.

“We must:
1st: Exercise faith in Jesus Christ
2nd: Repent
3rd: Be baptized
4th: Receive the gift of the Holy Ghost
5th: Endure to the end

“So that’s what we need to do to be saved. Christ has already paid the penalty for all of our sins. Before the earth was even created He was called and prepared to fulfill His Father’s plan for our salvation. I say ‘His Father’ since Jesus Christ was the literal Son of God in the flesh. He was sinless which means He was perfectly obedient to His Father and They want us to follow Christ’s example of obedience to be perfected and filled with God’s love and power towards righteousness. He was tempted in His life but He never gave in to temptation. He chose of his own free will to fulfill God’s plan for our salvation when Heavenly Father asked Him to do so. He volunteered to suffer on our behalf,” Robert said in awe.
“Did you find out what kind of suffering the scriptures talk about? I mean, did you find where the scroll may have gone into more detail about exactly what Christ went through in order to suffer through the atonement?” Linda inquired further as she stood up to go refill her glass of water before sitting back down.
“Yes and No. The “No” refers to the fact that I don’t think any of us can really comprehend what the atonement includes. But, the “Yes” part is absolutely profound in the scrolls elaboration of just how personal the atonement is for us as individuals as it relates to what Christ experienced.” Linda and the others listened attentively as Robert paused to get control of his emotions as what he was about to say was moving him to reverent tears. Robert cleared his throat. 
“In Gethsemane, what Christ went through was that he experienced what it was like to be each and every one of us. He literally experienced what it is like to be you, to be me and to be every single person that was ever born. He experienced every single thing we all went through from the time of our own birth all the way through our physical death. He experienced what it is like to be you every time you laughed or cried or had success or failure in life. He literally experienced all of our lives, one by one for every person who was ever born on this earth or who ever would be born on this earth. Why? Why did He do this? So He could have compassion on us individually by name. So He could give us the very best advice for our own unique circumstances so we can find happiness and success and joy and so He could truly empathize with us in our times of sorrow and pain. He experienced what it was like to be you down to the smallest detail. He experienced what it was like to be you every time you ever scraped your knee or climbed a tree or talked with a loved one or endured the insults of an enemy or had your heart broken. He did this so He could have empathy for you to ‘succor’ you which means ‘to run to help’ you as a special individual and beloved child of God. He knows exactly what it’s like to be you. And He loves you.”
The room fell totally silent as Robert paused again in thought and the others took it all in. He wiped away a few tears from his own face and smiled with gratitude for the benevolent truths he was learning about Christ. This was such a new concept to them but each one could feel how much sense it made in their minds and hearts. It was perfectly logical while having a vital element of the human heart at its core. 
Of course, who could imagine a God who was loving, wise and merciful but who couldn’t also relate to his own children and each of their unique experiences in life? No. It made much more sense and, more importantly, it was feeling true, that a God who knows everything, including our thoughts, would also need to know what it’s like for us to make our own choices and experience the outcomes so He could help us avoid as many unnecessary negative and painful consequences of sin by making better choices to do what’s right and live happier and less stressful lives with as few regrets as possible. Helping his children to make better choices for success and joy in life is what a good father does. He shares his wisdom from his own personal experience and learns from the experiences of others as a means of being of great benefit to and a good example for his children.
“I wasn’t expecting that. That’s a very pleasant surprise.” Spence mumbled in awe.
“Just exactly how this is possible, the scroll notes don’t say. But I believe that just because we struggle to understand how it’s possible doesn’t mean it’s impossible. Just as clouds form in the sky to the disbelief of the blind doesn’t make it any less true.” Robert added.
“Actually you can talk to just about any experienced scientist in the world and it wouldn’t be the first time that a phenomenon couldn’t be perfectly understood.” Spence said with a humble smile.
Eve then asked, “So then if my understanding is right, then the scroll notes perfectly harmonize with the bible in that it helps us to realize that Christ’s suffering in the Garden of Gethsemane and His suffering and death on the Cross were included in the atonement. The Atonement ended with His resurrection. Is that right?”
“That’s what it seems like according to the scroll notes and bible references. It’s becoming more and more clear that the scroll compliments the bible. It doesn’t compete with it. It compliments it,” Robert replied.
“Here’s another thing.” Linda said referring to her KJV bible. “The New Testament gives the witnesses of His apostles that He bled from every pore during His atoning sacrifice in the Garden of Gethsemane. It’s clear that He suffered beyond comprehension.” Linda said thoughtfully.
“I don’t think He wanted to know what it was like to see how His beloved Father in Heaven’s heart gets broken over those that suffer innocently as well as those that suffer from crass rebellion, since our suffering is what breaks God’s heart. I personally believe that it was the experience of knowing what it would be like to feel all of the consequences of sin, all of the misery and suffering that comes from it, from disregarding His own Father’s will that made Him ask if it were possible that the burden be lifted from Him. We know Jesus Christ was perfectly sinless. So it seems he must have learned the sad results of sin without actually experiencing what it was like to sin as each of us has. The most important aspect of sin probably isn’t the sin itself, but rather the most important part of sin is the harm it does to the sinner and the victims of the sin. So Christ experienced all of the sorrows of sin by experiencing each of our lives. But we read in the New Testament of how Christ agreed to do His Father’s will anyway despite His own reservations as He went on ahead and experienced the Atonement. His submission to His Heavenly Father’s will was a superb expression of love for His Father and for us.” Eve said with a humble smile.
“So is this ultimate win of Jesus the Christ first over spiritual death by His suffering and second His additional triumph over physical death by His Resurrection is what defines the Atonement?” Linda asked.
“Exactly. Now another thing that the scroll enlightens us on is how we receive forgiveness from Christ. He promises to forgive us of our sins upon the condition that we accept Him. How do we ‘accept Him’? We do that by doing those five steps mentioned earlier. Place your faith in Jesus Christ, repent, be baptized, receive the Holy Ghost and endure to the end. Again, we accept Christ by exercising faith in Him, repenting, receiving baptism by immersion, and the laying on of hands for the gift of the Holy Ghost, and by working faithfully to keep His commandments to the end of our lives. This means that repentance is a daily thing. As we continue to repent throughout our lives, we can – through the sanctifying power of the Holy Ghost – be forgiven and be cleansed of our sins and our burden of guilt and shame will be relieved from us. It is through Jesus Christ that we become worthy to return to live in God’s presence in heaven.” Robert said.
“Many of us here have hopefully experienced what it’s like to be filled with comfort and peace – even joy – as Christ helps us to better handle the pains and trials of life. All of this help comes from the Atonement.” Eve suggested cheerfully.
“I think of how the Lord promises to wipe away all of our tears which means that everything that is unfair about life can one day be made right thanks to Christ’s atonement. He will remove all negative memories and heal all scars both physical and emotional.” Linda added.
“I believe that’s absolutely true. But I feel we should all remember as it was mentioned earlier, we are still responsible for our own sins which means that when Jesus paid the price for our sins, the scroll references make it clear that Jesus did not remove our personal responsibility. Because it is only by accepting His gift of the Atonement, by accepting Him that we can return to live with our Heavenly Father, we must do our part in that acceptance by keeping His commandments. Again, ‘faith without works is dead.’ Some of you may have heard the old story about the archaeologist who spoke to a carpenter about his latest adventure to look for the ancient stone tablets of the Ten Commandments. The archaeologist said he was willing to spend the rest of his life and the rest of his money looking for them. He would start his search by going off to a far away land. And the carpenter simply asked, ‘Which is more important to do? To go out looking for the ancient stone tablets that simply list the Ten Commandments, or to stay in your own home land and keep the commandments?’ Hopefully we all know the best answer is to keep the Lord’s commandments – not simply as a single day’s event – but for the rest of our days. 
“The ultimate evidence that we are close to God and accept Jesus Christ is not what we hold in our hands but rather what we hold in our hearts. Seeing evidence of God’s miracles, such as an archaeological find, as amazing as they may be, isn’t what brings us salvation or helps us to believe in God. It’s our willingness to go and do the Lord’s will as a choice of faith and thereby learn for ourselves whether it’s of God or of man and then once we know what is of God we discover a priceless blessing that in doing the things of God by doing good works that we are changed and we become better. Can any of us really put a price on literally becoming a miracle by becoming better and being like God? By our own free will by making the best choices we may become the very best and the very happiest we could ever hope to be and in the process become a tremendous blessing to others. That, to me, is truly priceless,” Robert concluded.
Much of the room remained silent for several moments as they took it all in. There was no question about the greatness of the research they were all blessed and humbled to be a part of. Joining the research efforts of Linda Wise was becoming a life changing experience for them all. Linda herself, speechless, could never have guessed that this kind of talent could have been a coincidence to have all together working in harmony in the same room towards the same goal.
“Now I see why you hired Robert.” Samuel chimed in from the back of the room. “He definitely has a sharp mind for recognizing core principles that matter most. We need that vision in life. Especially about God. In fact, all of you have mentioned vital points that clarify spiritual things that matter most and I would just like to express my appreciation to you all for allowing Alex and I to join you today. I’m learning a lot and really enjoying it.”
“Me too!” Alex said enthusiastically. Robert simply smiled and nodded to Samuel.
“Well I think we all appreciate the comments and points mentioned by our group here. I agree with Samuel.” Eve said warmly.
“It’s certainly been eye-opening so far.” Spence chuckled. “That’s not to say I don’t appreciate what I’ve learned.” He said more seriously.
“Thank you for your gratitude Samuel.” Linda smiled.
“You’re most welcome.”
“So we’ve discussed what we’ve found for answers regarding the first two questions. Let’s move onto the third and final question for today’s discussions. Who has taken the time to search the scroll references and biblical references for the answer to the questions of: Where do we go when we die? And What is life like after death?” Linda asked openly.
“I looked for answers to those questions but I know I wasn’t able to spend as much time on those questions as I did on the first question.” Eve responded.
“Ditto that for me too since I spent most of my time looking at answers for the second question.” Robert said.
Ananias had not yet returned from wherever it was he had left to go to earlier ––presumably the bathroom–– so Linda only had Spence left to ask.
“Spence? Find anything interesting or scientific about life after death?” Linda asked curiously. Spence couldn’t help but to chuckle a bit before responding.
“Oh man. Of all the things to ask me.” He sighed as he looked down while tapping his pen on some notes.
“Well?” Linda asked with a patient smile.
He cleared his throat and smiled a little as he sat up somewhat straighter in his chair. “As a matter of fact there are a few things that the scroll notes mention that harmonize surprisingly well with some of the most advanced theories of physics. Especially as it pertains to string theory or more specifically to multiple dimensions and parallel universes.”
“If science harmonizes with the scroll references as you’ve mentioned then it also harmonizes with the bible because I took an interest in finding answers to the questions about life after death and the scroll really illuminates much of the partial teachings found in the bible.” Linda said eagerly.
“Then maybe you should go first and I’ll toss in my two cents worth where it may apply.” Spence said as he sat back more casually in his chair.
“Sounds good.” Linda retorted. She then launched in to share what she learned. “Well, the basics that I found could be summarized like this.” She turned and began writing a list. She numbered 1, 2 and 3 on one of the dry erase boards at the front of the room. She then turned back to face the group as she spoke.
“According to both biblical and scroll references, there is a sequence to what each of us will experience when passing through death. There are two main places we go to before we end up in one of three possible levels of heaven. The first place is to the spirit world, the second place is to the place of final judgment and then depending upon the judgment or verdict of what we are worthy to receive, we then enter one of three possible heavenly kingdoms or levels of heaven.” She then wrote next to the number one: Spirit World, and next to the number two: Final Judgment, and next to the number three: Receive Only One Level of Three Possible Levels of Heaven. She repeated them aloud as she wrote each one.
“Now we all have to go through physical death even though Christ triumphed over death. Physical death makes it possible for each of us to be transformed from mortality into immortality. So when our mortal bodies die, our spirits will go to the spirit world.” She added.
“Just to clarify, my spirit, when it leaves my body when I die, it’ll still look like me? Right?” Samuel asked.
“Right. We look in spirit just as we did as spirits before we took on our own body by birth. Spiritually, each of us looks just like what our body looks like but instead of having a physical body we have a spirit body. But remember, our spirit, both before birth and after death, is in perfect form. So if we were born without an arm or if we were born with twelve toes or any other imperfections, our spirit looks perfect because it’s in absolutely picture perfect form. And when we’re resurrected, any and all physical imperfections will be healed as we will receive a perfected immortal body of flesh and bone that best matches our spirit.”
“But once we’re in the world of spirits, what do we do? Play harps all day long? Sing all day long? Because that’s the story that I’ve heard. Sounds a bit redundant though to me. I, mean, is that all that happens after life?” Samuel wondered.
“Actually no. The world of spirits that we’ll go to is more of an environment of learning, working, and waiting and for those who are righteous it’s also a place of resting from care and sorrow.” Linda replied.
“You said ‘for those who are righteous.’ But won’t everyone want to be righteous once they go into the spirit world?” Alex asked.
“According to the scroll notes, our desires for good or evil – or our personality – is not changed by death. We’re the same people we were in life as in death. That’s why this life is the time to prepare to meet God and we do that by becoming someone who desires good or the things of God. It’s like getting married. We can’t say, ‘Oh, I’ll quit drinking alcohol and smoking when I get married.’ Because the problem is, we’ll be the same person at the wedding altar as we are today. The time to prepare to stop drinking and smoking is now. Long before the wedding day even gets here. Or we can’t realistically expect that we’ll suddenly become a great engineer if we are simply hired to work as an engineer. No. We have to go to school and get an education and probably do an internship or two before we can become a great engineer. Titles don’t make us who we are but our experiences, our choices make us who we really are. So it’s the same with when we die. We can’t say that we’ll start choosing good things after we die because it’ll be too late. This life is the time to become the kind of person qualified to live in God’s presence. And Christ shows us how to become one who is qualified. One who has charity in ones heart, which is one who loves and trusts and desires to do God’s will and finds great joy in it. It starts with a sincere desire to change and then endures by making simple improvements to become better and better each day. That takes time. So that’s why repentance shouldn’t be procrastinated. None of us knows how much more time we have left to live.”
“So the righteous go to a place of rest and care, or a place of happiness right?” Robert asked.
“A place of rest and care. Happiness and peace. Lots of white, glorious, heavenly light where we will be with others who we know and love who have also been blessed to be there after they have died. A place of wonderful light. No darkness.” Linda affirmed.
“Until we are ready for our resurrection, that’s where our spirits will live.”
“Then after our resurrection what happens?” Samuel asked.
“We will receive the level of heaven or degree of glory we have prepared for after our mortal bodies have been reunited with our spirits by the resurrection.”
“What about hell? Does the scroll expound on that?” Eve asked curiously. This question got everyone’s attention.



Chapter 16: Heaven’s Many Mansions and Hell’s Place of Torment


Linda sighed before responding. “It does. Basically, those who do not repent, those who do not choose to obey God in this life will go into a different part of the spirit world that is very much like a prison. It’s a state of unhappiness.”
“What kind of unhappiness?” Eve probed further.
“Unless they never really had an opportunity to learn of Christ in life and learn the Gospel so they could freely choose to accept it or not, then hell is an especially horrible place. Those who knew about God and rejected him anyway are the ones in this prison who chose works of evil in life. This causes the spirit of the devil to enter into them and these particularly wicked souls go to a place of darkness away from the heavenly light of peace and rest. Away from the side of the spirit world – known as paradise – where the more righteous go to wait to be resurrected. The wicked basically live in anxious unrest, or dread and fear waiting in darkness for the fiery wrath of God.” Linda said solemnly.
“Well I suppose that makes sense that those who often choose evil with every subsequent evil choice they make they open the door wider and wider to become possessed. That possibility was proven real by Christ Himself as He many times cast devils out of individuals who were possessed.” Samuel added.
“I think it’s important that we keep in mind that possession by the devil is a concept that basically shows how one spiritual side or another can influence us. Now when I say ‘one side or another’ I mean, one side is the devil who influences people spiritually towards evil thoughts and self serving acts that harm themselves and others and the other side is the spiritual influence of God within us towards good thoughts and more selfless acts that uplift, bless and edify us and those around us. The spiritual influence of God always influences us to bring ourselves and others to willingly believe in and follow Christ by freely choosing good works as a means of blessing as many as will freely choose it.” Linda said thoughtfully.
“That’s a good point because the scroll refers to an absolutely perfect form of justice regarding our works here during our lives here on earth.” Robert chimed in while thumbing through his notes.
“What do you mean?” Eve asked.
Stopping at a page and pointing to it, Robert continued. “The kind of happiness, blessings and joy for the righteous are absolutely astounding. But on the other hand, those who chose to harm themselves and others experience the worst kind of suffering under a perfect method of justice.” He paused as everyone in the room listened intently. He then continued.
“What I’m trying to say is, if you’ll recall that Jesus Christ literally experienced each of our lives from birth to death so He could have compassion on us and gives us the best guidance and blessings we need for our unique circumstances. That happens only through the power of God. We may not be able to fathom how it’s possible, but the fact is, that very personal and divine aspect of Christ’s atonement has a flip side to it that brings justice against the wicked and amazing blessings to the righteous as a significant part of both God’s justice and mercy.
“Let’s start with the bad news for the wicked and get that hard fact discussed first so we can move onto the good stuff about the blessings for the righteous. Now the wicked or those who do not sincerely repent and choose good works in God’s plan for happiness before they die, they will have their evil works ‘restored’ unto them, or returned upon their own heads, which means that they will literally experience what it is like to be the people they harmed. If they knowingly harmed animals they’ll literally become the animal long enough to know what it was like to suffer at their own hands as the animal. Then they’ll move on to know what it was like to harm the next being they harmed, which for most people are other humans. So for example, those that have murdered some innocent person, they will experience what it was like to be the person who was murdered. They will know what it was like to be that specific person suffering. 
“Like in the story of Cain and Able in the bible, an unrepentant Cain will know exactly what it was like to literally be Able and be slain by his (Cain’s) own hands. Or if a person has unprotected sex and knows he or she has an STI–– especially a potentially fatal STI–– they will know what it’s like to be the person who gets the STI and suffers or dies. Drunk drivers who don’t sincerely repent will know what it was like to be the innocent driver who was killed or became a paraplegic or however much pain the innocent victim(s) suffered. The guilty driver will also experience the pain and suffering by the loved ones of the innocent driver who have mourned for the loss of their loved ones. 
“Those who have harmed children physically or sexually or emotionally will know what it was like to be the very children they harmed.”
“Those who are adulterers will personally experience the pains of the one who they cheated on. Murderers, rapists, adulterers, fornicators, liars, thieves, bullies – all people who choose not to follow God’s plans for happiness, those who rebel and mock or otherwise disregard God’s commandments will have a very heavy price to pay that will cause them to learn by firsthand painful experience exactly how much damage their selfish, rebellious thoughts and actions caused those who they have directly or indirectly harmed. This is one of the reasons why the Atonement is so vital. This is why proper repentance is so important to do before it’s too late. For those who don’t repent and have a total change of heart before they die by feeling most concerned with God’s desires and by making full and sincere restitution to all who they’ve harmed and restitute to the best of their ability according to the conditions that salvation requires, then they can’t claim the blessings of the Atonement in time to avoid the degree of suffering that only Christ’s salvation ––the Atonement of Jesus Christ–– can save them from.”
“So the wicked remain in that experience of suffering until the time of their resurrection?” Eve asked.
“Exactly.” Robert answered somberly.
“And how much time might that be until someone is resurrected?” Spence nervously asked.
“According to the scroll references, for some people it can be up to a thousand years.”
“That’s a long time.” Spence said thoughtfully practically shivering in shock.
“That’s an awful way to learn empathy for others.” Eve said.
“But you have to admit, it is the perfect form of justice for the wicked.” Linda said confidently. “But the mercy is even better. Let’s talk about that.”
“Right.” Robert responded just as eager to move onto the more positive side of God’s justice. “The concept of divine mercy goes hand in hand with justice because those who repent receive mercy by not having to experience all of the pain they’ve caused others. But there may be some sins that are so vile that they simply can’t be fully repented of without going through that hellish experience of literally being the victim(s) who suffered. Yet on the flip side, those who choose to do good works get to experience what it was like to be the person being blessed. People who choose good, those who do good works in their life will have their good works ‘restored’ unto them. So for example, doctors who sincerely help their patients have better lives and live longer will know what it was like to have that extra year of life to spend with loved ones before saying goodbye through death. The patient who once couldn’t walk but then later could walk and maybe even run or drive a car or play their favorite sport again – these doctors and health care providers and family care givers will experience what it was like to literally be the person they blessed. They will literally experience their joys, and their happiness over the ability to walk or play a favorite sport or take a trip with their family they thought they’d never get to take. 
“The wealthy person who donates to a charity to save the lives of children or provide safe refuge for women and children who escape domestic violence and make better lives for themselves and their children because of that help – help they could not have provided for themselves – these people will literally experience the peace and joy and healing rest that was experienced by those innocent people in need who were blessed by those who chose to help them by doing good works. The government officials who pass or improve laws or enforce laws to bless and protect those who may otherwise innocently suffer will experience what it is like to live the lives of those who received the blessings that came from their righteous use of their powerful and influential stewardship in their position(s) of government. The spouse that is faithful in marriage living in total fidelity will know what it was like to experience the peace and absence of great worry or insecurity that would otherwise come to their spouse when adultery is confirmed or reasonably suspected. Peace of mind that they can trust their spouse and the emotional security that faithfulness provides their children – all of the varying intricacies of these blessings will be experienced by faithful spouses to their joy.
“The person who chooses not to ever smoke will never have to experience what it was like to suffer as a victim of secondhand smoke. The same goes for other negative exposure such as what is like the ‘secondhand smoke’ of illicit sexual images of various forms of pornography, foul language, offensive jokes, social or emotional ostracism – if you don’t do these things, if you don’t choose evil, if you don’t choose to expose others to evil, you receive the mercy that comes from no regrets as well as the blessings of what you did to help make someone else’s life happier and better.”
“I like the mercy and blessings.” Alex beamed.
“Me too.” Linda smiled back.
“Amen!” Eve added with a chuckle.
“That’s something I hope to look forward to thanks to the blessings of Jesus Christ’s atonement.” Robert smiled thoughtfully.
“Yeah, I’m pretty sure I’d prefer the good side of experiencing someone else’s life. But that hell stuff…I think I’d rather do what I can to avoid that punishment if any of this turns out to be true.” Spence half-chuckled.
“Does any of this feel true to you, Spence?” Linda smiled warmly.
After what was a rather long pause, he answered with a humble smile, “Yes. Yes it does feel true. I won’t deny that.”
“It feels true to me too.” Linda responded softly.
“Well at least we know what our options are with justice. It’s either pain and suffering like we’ve never suffered before – basically the worst kind imaginable – or experiencing the best blessings even beyond our imaginations. I’ll choose the happy blessings side of it, thank you. Choosing good works is the plan for me.” Samuel said with a confident nod and a smile as if he’d made up his mind then and there to be set for eternity.
“But what happens to those people who never hear of Christ in their lifetime? What about those who live in far away places who didn’t obey God’s commandments because they never had a chance to learn about his plan for happiness? Or those who die without ever learning about God’s plan?” Alex asked in pity for such people.
“Excellent question.” Robert said as he turned to look to Linda for an answer.
“Two words.” Linda retorted. “Missionary work.”
“Missionary work?” Alex asked bewildered.
“Missionary work.” Linda repeated confidently.
“What do you mean?” Robert asked.
“The gospel of Jesus Christ is actually preached in the spirit world to those who didn’t get the opportunity to hear it when they were alive on earth as well as to those who didn’t obey His gospel. That’s even more mercy.” She answered.
“You mean that the wicked in the hell of spiritual prison actually get a break from suffering at times to be preached to?” Robert inquired curiously.
“That seems to be the case.” She said contentedly.
“Wow.” Alex mouthed in wide-eyed awe.
“It seems that in God’s continuing mercy, He’s willing to offer salvation to all who freely choose to listen, believe and follow his plan by obedience to his laws. He’d like to save as many as want to be saved. Even in death.”
“God doesn’t want to save just some of us.” Alex said gratefully.
“He wants to save as many of us, his children, as he possibly can.” Samuel spoke humbly as he looked at Alex and then Linda. He saw Linda smile softly at him as he took it all in. “What about those who know God’s laws and maybe even followed it once-upon-a-time but then chose not to follow Him anymore? What happens to them?” Samuel asked.
“They suffer a lot. It actually seems that they suffer the most.” Linda sighed. “Those who know they are harming themselves or others but they choose to harm anyway, they receive the greatest punishment because they knew better but chose evil in clear rebellion. They will receive greater punishment if they intentionally procrastinate repenting thinking they can repent during death. That intentional procrastination is especially evil because it mocks the sacredness of Christ’s great atoning sacrifice.”
“Do we know where the spirit world is? Is it somewhere out in space? Is it anywhere near heaven?” Eve wondered.
Linda smiled and wanted to cry but restrained her tears. “Amazingly, the scroll notes show that our righteous loved ones are who have passed away are not far from us. In fact, it teaches that the spirit world is right here on earth all around us.”
“One world inside another? But yet we can’t see it?” 
“We can’t see it without an eye of faith. But we can feel it. We can sense it.” Linda added.
“How is that possible?” Eve asked.
“This is where the science of this gets exciting!” Spence said eager to contribute further. “At least to me, anyway.” He shrugged with a smile.
“I was wondering when you might jump in with that perspective.” Linda said curiously.
“Let’s see…How can I best explain this?” He wondered as he looked around the room for some impromptu visual aids.
“How many of you here are familiar with quantum mechanics or string theory?” Spence asked as he raised his hand enthusiastically hoping others would indicate likewise. When no one other than he and Samuel raised their hands, Spence tried not to show he was somewhat disheartened. He then, rather timidly, called on Samuel. “Samuel, what do you know about string theory or quantum physics?”
“I know it has to do with the concept of energy being present at the smallest levels in existence and that it’s flexible in ways that may be hard to believe. You know, it proves what some might think is impossible is actually possible. I think you gave some examples before of like a dimension existing within a dimension, multiple dimensions, parallel universes. I personally like the way ‘degrees of freedom’ is shown to be possible.” Samuel responded as if it was nothing new. Spence now tried to hide his further feelings of dejection over Samuel’s lax attempt to match his own enthusiasm for the subject but he decided instead to simply smile and be grateful for the fact that Samuel at least knew something about string theory.
“Very good. You certainly seemed to have at least dipped your foot in the pool of the subject and have a bit of a feel for it, metaphorically speaking. So how about we share this metaphorical dip with everyone else here so we can all be amazed by some of this science?” Spence smiled. “String theory has shown for a long time now that one dimension can exist within another dimension or one world can exist within another and yet be unseen with the naked eye. Here. Let me show you.” He then grabbed a one gallon glass pitcher of water from the table and he went over to the newly acquired empty fish tank and continued.
“The notes in the scroll regarding the concept of the spirit world being right here on earth all around us is particularly interesting to me since, from a scientific perspective, it has a high probability of being possible and therefore true.” He then pointed to the large empty fish tank. “Suppose this fish tank is our planet earth where we all now, of course, live.” Then holding up the pitcher of water he said, “But we live inside this pitcher of water while we have a mortal body.” He began putting in the pitcher a few nearby decorative figurines. The small statues were placed near the bottom of the pitcher and sunk into place. He then placed the pitcher of water and statues in the middle of the large empty fish tank just off center towards the left side.
“Now to help this illustration along, we need to imagine that we are the figurines inside the pitcher and that the inside of the pitcher has been previously coated or lined with a special or magical kind of one-way mirrored tint–– metaphorically speaking–– so that all we see as we look around us is our own world here on earth. Mirrored tint, as we all know, is often used inside fish tanks so that the fish can’t see us but we can see them. The humane intent behind this is so that the fish are not shocked and confused seeing this other strange world of humans all around them while the fish are trying to keep their bearings swimming and living in their own world. Our world might at the very least distract them and for some fish possibly scare them ––not because there’s anything wrong with the higher world of intelligence as humans but simply because it’s so different.
“We live off of air and are not surrounded by water–– although we can be if we want to go swimming or scuba diving–– we have that option. But the fish don’t have that option since their world consists of a world of water such as the ocean or a lake. So the one-way mirrored tint makes it so that those living outside of the pitcher can see into it but those living inside the pitcher–– specifically mortals, staying with the spiritual lessons here–– can’t see anything outside of the pitcher. And of course, since the fish tank is inside the room we’re all meeting in, then that’s like another dimension, again for the purposes of this metaphor. Hence the concept of multiple dimensions within one dimension,” he then looked around to see if anyone understood what he just said. With half of the room looking lost and the other half thinking deeply, he added, “Maybe I just lost a few of you on that. Maybe there’s a better way to explain it.”
“But if you have a strong enough beam of light pressed closely enough against a one-way tinted mirror, you can often see what’s on the other side.” Samuel added.
“Yes!” Spence said enthusiastically that someone seemed to be getting it.
“So mortal light, in that example, is symbolic of divine light as an eye of faith.” Linda said in a more eager tone as she thought out loud.
“Yes. That also may be true from what you might call a ‘spiritually scientific’ perspective.” Spence chuckled.
“Spiritually scientific? Are you kidding?” Robert asked in unbelief that Spence would actually describe this phenomenon using words most scientists would be quick to label as an oxymoron.
“Not really.” Spence said almost timidly as if waiting for other scientists to come barging through the door to haul him off to burn him at the stake for scientific heresy. He then continued more boldly since it was now clear to all that he was willing to use terms that may be an oxymoron if it will ultimately be the most accurate and truthful way to describe something so important. “String theory can describe what some may call a spiritual perspective. The possibility that life as a mortal is only one dimension of human existence while also having life as a spiritual being, so that the concept of living after your body has died is actually another dimension of life’s experience. But even though they are two different dimensions–– the physical world we now see and feel and live in and the spirit world most of us can’t see yet–– and even though one of them appears to be a very separate dimension, meaning that our mortal existence now looks to be separate from a spiritual dimension, in reality they can and likely do occupy the same space.”
“So we don’t go anywhere else after we die? We all just stay right here?” Robert asked thoughtfully.
“At least until we’re resurrected and go on to inherit one of God’s heavenly kingdoms–– one of the three levels possible that we can inherit. That’s what the scroll and apparently science seems to indicate.” Linda replied. “So we remain in the world of spirits until the time of judgment where we learn what degree of salvation or what level of heaven it is that we’ve earned thanks to the grace of God as well as based upon what we did in our lives with our thoughts and our physical bodies as well as what the intents of our hearts were.”
As Spence returned to his seat, Robert asked, “So that means that the spirits of the dead, specifically our righteous loved ones, can see us? I mean, they’re watching us all the time?”
“It seems that yes, they can see us, but since the spirit world of paradise is a place of learning and work as well as rest, it doesn’t seem that they are watching us all of the time. It’s more like they work with other deceased loved ones part of the time and at other times they help us on earth when it’s God’s will. It’s those righteous deceased family members helping those of their relatives that are still living here on earth,” she clarified.
“Fathers and grandfathers and even great grandfathers helping and watching over sons and brothers looking out for and helping brothers. It’s the same for women. Mothers and grand mothers and great grandmothers helping and watching over daughters. Sisters helping and watching over sisters.” Alex thought out loud as she visualized the fact in her mind.
Linda thought Alex’s insight was particularly interesting and she couldn’t help but to show Alex how impressed she was with her insight as she smiled. She waited to see if Alex would expound her thoughts on it but Alex didn’t comment further.
“It seems to me that a merciful Father in Heaven would be in control of which spirits see us doing what and when and thereby allow us privacy as it’s right.” Robert said thoughtfully. “Now that privacy factor–– if we could call it that–– could it be controlled by, say, altering the dimension someone is living in–– living or dead?”
“I believe that a supreme organizing intelligence could do that, yes.” Spence answered just short of giving God the credit for such power.
“It makes sense that God, Whom I believe is the author of that power, would have that ability and it makes sense that He would be very careful with that. I mean, we all know how He feels about sacred things. ‘Cast not your pearls before swine’ is the counsel Christ gave in the New Testament.” Robert said.
“That certainly seems logical.” Spence admitted.
“I agree.” Eve chimed in.
“Well, that was basically what I had to say about that for now if you wanted to continue, Linda.” Spence said.
“Thank you for your very insightful thoughts, Spence.” Linda smiled as she stood back up to return to the front of the room to address the group again.
“You’re most welcome.”
“It had been mentioned earlier that the only way we can be brought into our Father in Heaven’s presence to be judged after death is by receiving the blessing of the resurrection when our bodies and our spirits are reunited.”
Robert raised his hand and Linda stopped to let him speak. “There’s so much of this to learn that I was lost in thought earlier when we discussed what our spirit looks like when we die. Can we go over that again? I just wanted to clarify. This is what I understand and you can tell me if I understand it right. What our spirits look like is answered in the light blue notes that tell us that spirit beings have the same bodily form as mortals with the primary difference being that the spirit body is in perfect form. So no matter what imperfections or deformities or missing pieces our mortal bodies may have, our spirit body is in perfect form. We are either spiritually male or female even if our mortal bodies may not reflect that perfectly. Is that right?”
“That’s what I understood,” Linda said. 
“Same here,” Eve added as Samuel and Spence also nodded in agreement.
“Got it,” Robert smiled happily over the good news. “And the resurrection happens before the judgment and not after?” he asked.
“Exactly.”
“Does having a resurrected and therefore perfected immortal body mean that if we lose a limb during this life of mortality that our resurrected body will get that limb back?” Eve wondered.
“That’s what seems to be the case.”
“So the blind will have perfect vision and those who were born with tumors that deform the spine or other parts of the body…” Spence trailed off to let Linda fill in the blanks.
“Their perfected body won’t have tumors or crooked body parts. Any organs missing at birth or lost during life or deformed through any accident or malicious act–– or any other bodily imperfection from virtually any cause will be perfectly healed never to get sick or to cause pain or to handicap or to die ever again. All physical and mental defects and disabilities will be perfectly healed forever.”
“That’s an incredibly powerful and generous God to give that to everyone freely regardless of what good choices or evil choices they’ve made.” Spence chuckled. “But what about reincarnation? Isn’t that something totally different?” 
“According to the scroll references and the bible references, the concept of reincarnation is a false doctrine. Reincarnation means being born back into the world again in a totally different form. Reincarnation is not a true teaching.” Robert answered.
“That’s correct.” Linda added. “Resurrection is different and perfectly accurate in that it means receiving an immortal flesh and bone body as part of an eternal reward. The doctrine of resurrection is true doctrine. ”
“But remember, that’s a form of physical salvation which is quite different from spiritual salvation. Right? Is that what you’re getting too from the scroll notes and biblical teachings?” Robert asked her.
“Yes.”
“And we know what the difference is between the two now, right?” Samuel asked squinting his eyes. He then asked, “I mean, didn’t we just go over this?”
Linda chuckled, “This is actually the next level of understanding salvation. We’re advancing even further,” she smiled.
“Oops,” Samuel said sheepishly in true embarrassment that he tried to quickly recover from by saying enthusiastically, “Hey! I’m all for it! Let’s keep going!” Alex shook her head trying not to laugh in disbelief over her uncle Samuel’s momentary inability to keep up. But thankfully Samuel was listening too intently now to Linda to really notice.
Linda sat on the edge of a table in front as she answered his question. “Spiritual salvation through Jesus Christ means Eternal life. Immortality is not the same thing as eternal life. Spiritual salvation is like a spectrum in that we will be rewarded according to what we did in life, what are actions were, as well as what our desires were. When we stand before God at the time of final judgment, we will have perfect memories of what we did with our lives. We will remember perfectly the good works we did in righteousness as well as remembering perfectly our guilt. Because eternal life is the highest level of reward possible – which means those who are worthy of it will receive all that Heavenly Father has as well as eternal relationships with our family and friends who chose it also, eternal life is a gift given only to those who obey His laws, obedient to His gospel. This highest reward means to experience the life God and Jesus Christ enjoy since you know them and associate with them. Only those who are freed from sin and suffering by Jesus Christ’s atoning sacrifice may receive the great gift of eternal life. It is living with God in eternal families forever which is also called ‘exaltation’.”
“And what about the different levels of heaven?” Samuel prodded further.
“When Christ taught in the bible that in His Father’s kingdom are ‘many mansions’ this is one of several references to the concept of various levels of heaven or kingdoms. The final judgment is an extremely important event for each of us since the decision and result is final and eternal. We will be judged for all of our thoughts, actions and words. It’s at judgment that we learn what kingdom we are worthy to receive. Will we be found worthy to receive the highest and best reward? The middle or second best reward? Or the third best and smallest reward?” She then got up and went back to the board and began writing again. She wrote at the top, Celestial Kingdom and then beneath it, Terrestrial Kingdom and beneath that to represent the lowest kingdom, Telestial Kingdom. She then began to explain what she had learned of each one as a level of heaven.
“The Celestial Kingdom is the very best of the best. This is the ultimate eternal reward for righteousness. Those who receive this reward are those who are cleansed by the Atonement of Jesus Christ because they have repented of their sins, received all of the ordinances of His gospel and kept the related covenants to the best of their ability on a daily basis until the end of their mortal lives. This highest reward grants not only the privilege to live in God’s presence as well as the presence of those of their family who qualify, but it also includes the great gift of becoming like Him which results in receiving a fullness of joy. The word of God as contained in holy scripture refers to this as the ‘brightness of the sun’ or ‘glory of the sun.’ So that’s the basics of the Celestial Kingdom.”
“The basics? That’s like describing a few unique traits of the finest and most expensive automobile and saying it’s a few bonus features. It’s like downplaying the incredible features of a $200,000 car.” Spence said in jest.
“That’s an understatement. It seems like what we’ve just learned about the blessings of the Celestial Kingdom is just the tip of the iceberg.” Eve chimed in.
“Well I certainly don’t intend to downplay any of the blessings that can only be received in that highest of kingdoms.” Linda replied.
“What about the Terrestrial Kingdom?” Alex asked.
“The Terrestrial Kingdom is the middle kingdom, or second highest level of heaven. It’s referred to as like the glory of the moon and it’s for those who live honest, honorable lives and who accept the fullness of the gospel of Jesus Christ but were not truly faithful in their testimony of Jesus. Perhaps they were ashamed to testify to others about what they know is true about the Christ. It’s also a place for those who don’t choose to accept the fullness of the gospel of Jesus Christ but they were basically good people who lived honest, honorable lives during their mortal lives here on earth. So they won’t be able to live with Heavenly Father ever again but they will be visited by Jesus Christ.”
“What about families? Any eternal families in the Terrestrial Kingdom?” Eve wondered.
“No. Only in the Celestial Kingdom will families be eternal. If you want to live forever with loved ones who are friends or family who qualify for the highest kingdom, you have to qualify for it too by your own free will of obedience to His laws now in this life, during mortality or accept his gospel fully in the next life if you’re someone who never had the opportunity to hear it and accept it in this life.”
“And what about the Telestial Kingdom? That’s the lowest place of glory, right?” Samuel asked.
“The lowest kingdom of glory is the Telestial Kingdom, yes. It’s like the glory of the stars and it is for those who chose not to repent but continued in their sins in this life. These people are often the murderers, liars, pimps, adulterers, child molesters, rapists, fornicators, sorcerers, stalkers, thieves, robbers and other sinners as well as those who don’t promote faith in Christ as the most important source of power with salvation and those who seek His power primarily to abuse it or use it for lustful purposes and basically those who love to bear false witness, stir up contention and those who love to create mischief and cause pain for others. They will not be resurrected until after the Millennium and their time of judgment will be after they have suffered for their own sins in hell. They will not be released from hell until after the Millennium. They will never live with Heavenly Father or Jesus Christ ever again but will only be visited by the Holy Ghost as they live in the lowest kingdom.”
“So the lesson in all of this is what?” Spence asked openly.
“If you have anything in your life that you need to cut out or stop doing and repent of and if there are good works of righteousness you haven’t been doing then the time to start doing good things and to follow the Lord is now. Prepare now to be ready for the Final Judgment. We all have a chance to change. We just have to willingly choose it starting today.” Linda said before she thumbed briefly through her notes to find a place to write some thoughts down.
“It seems to me that in a way, every day is a day of judgment.” Eve added.
“Yes. It’s true that starting that change by repentance is important but keeping it up as best we can, improving more and more every day is the only way to receive the full blessings of the atonement of Jesus Christ.” Linda said.
“And we all hope that we will see our Savior welcome us with love and mercy as He says to us what He promised in Matthew 25:34 that He would say to those who are worthy of the highest kingdom.” Robert replied thoughtfully.
“What did He promise He would say?” Spence asked timidly in slight embarrassment over not being very familiar with the bible.
Then Robert humbly quoted Matthew 25:34 with a gentle smile, “Come, ye blessed of my Father, inherit the kingdom prepared for you from the foundation of the world.” The room fell silent as they each envisioned with an eye of faith that great statement being spoken by Jesus Christ Himself to them personally in anticipation of being found worthy of God’s highest reward.



Each of the research staff Linda hired was given their own office space to use on the same floor across the hall from the meeting room they used to discuss the scroll. As Robert headed over to his part-time office down the hall, he was stopped by Eve.
“Do you have a minute?”
“Eve! I’m so glad to see you!” He said enthusiastically. His keys jangled as he moved to unlock his office. “You will never believe what Samuel just gave me a few minutes ago. This will knock your socks off!"
“Have you seen Ananias?” Eve asked warily. But Robert was too excited to really listen. He was so excited to have someone else to share the cool news with. 
“You’ve got to hear this.” He had a piece of paper in his hands. “Samuel gave me some quotes from the Founding Fathers about their beliefs about God. Here, listen to this.” Eve smiled patiently and listened. “There was a belief among some in the earliest times of America that the pure religion of Biblical Christianity would be restored right here in the United States! Listen to this quote.” He began reading straight from the paper in his hand that Samuel had given him. 
“This is a quote from a well-known minister named Jonathan Edwards. He said, ‘God presently goes about doing some great thing in order to make way for the introduction of the church’s latter-day glory ––which is to have its first seat in, and to rise from [this] new world.’
“That’s great but…” Eve tried to steer him back to her concern but Robert wouldn’t be distracted.
“Wait. Hold up. Hold up.” His eagerness was contagious as Eve gave in and listened. “That was from God’s New Israel as written by Conrad Cherry, p. 57. There’s more. This is sooo cool! Edwards later said, ‘I think ––if we consider the circumstances of the settlement of New England–– it must needs appear the most likely of all American colonies to be the place whence this work shall principally take its rise.’ That was from page 59 of that same writing by Cherry.”
“Really?” Eve was starting to see just how important the quotes were. He had her full attention.
“And one more cool quote! This is amazing!” Robert was absolutely beaming with excitement. “Thomas Jefferson believed the same ideas. He was convinced that America would be the place where the restoration of the true Gospel would occur. But… and get this… he was afraid he would die before he could see it all fulfilled. He said, ‘If the freedom of religion…can…prevail, the genuine doctrines of Jesus…will again be restored to their original purity. This… will advance with the other improvements of the human mind, but too late for me to witness it.’ That’s from The Writings of Thomas Jefferson by Albert Ellery Bergh back in 1907 when he quoted Jefferson from a much earlier letter to a Jaret Sparks, cit 15:288, which was more recently quoted in The Real Thomas Jefferson, written by Andrew Allison, p.366. It comes from the National Center for Constitutional Studies. Isn’t that just… off the charts cool? Do you know what that means?” His enthusiasm was bursting with joy.
“Well I know that the word restore means to bring something back into its original purity, back to its original form.” Eve thought out loud. She began to realize just how huge that would be. She knew it would be one of the biggest events in world history. “Twelve apostles? Twelve prophets called of Christ to keep going? Just as Christ had started before…”
“Before the apostasy.” Robert smiled as he finished her sentence. “Could you imagine how cool an actual restoration by Christ Himself would be in today’s modern times?” He was nearly giddy at the thought.
Eve was taken aback. “That would definitely be very, very cool.”
“Where you trying to ask me about something before?”
Eve was so lost in awe that it took her a moment to remember what she had asked earlier. But she soon remembered. “Have you seen Ananias?”
“No. As a matter of fact, I haven’t. Why do you ask?”
“Don’t you think it’s interesting how he hardly ever has anything to contribute?”
Robert opened up his door and flipped on the light switch. “Maybe he’s just a man of few words.” He shrugged it off.
“You’re going to tell me that a man that began his own tour to give speeches to help people feel accepted and to live life the way they want to…you’re telling me such a man wouldn’t have much to say?” Eve chuckled sarcastically.
Robert sat his laptop bag on his desk and put his hands in his pockets. “I don’t know. Maybe he’s resting his voice from talking so much at his normal job of speaking to his…flock.”
Eve folded her arms across her chest. “Really?”
“What?”
“Do you really think that?”
Robert let out a heavy sigh as he half-smiled and asked, “Look. What are you trying to say?”
Eve let her arms drop as she approached Robert’s desk to talk more quietly. “When my gut tells me something is wrong I listen to it.” Eve waited a moment before continuing to see if Robert understood. “I feel like something isn’t right about Ananias. He’s the only one Linda didn’t invite, he hears about her creating a group…us,… and then suddenly he’s asking to be a part of it yet he’s not acting like he wants to be a part of it.” Eve waited for any reply from Robert but he remained quiet. “Just think about it. That’s all I’m suggesting. The man found out about Linda asking us to join her. How? She made a specific point to keep that information private and out of the news until she was ready to publicly announce the building of her museum. And anyone who really wants to help Linda are those that are giving their best ideas, their best research efforts. He just sits and… sneers.”
“Okay. I’m not going to deny that the guy gives me the creeps for reasons I can’t explain. But I could be wrong.” Robert said as he held out one hand in front of his chest as if to stop her in advance if she might want to interrupt him.
“What are the chances that two people in her group are getting the same bad vibes from this guy? Hmm? What are the chances?” she asked warily. Robert just nodded hesitantly that she had a good point. His hand had dropped and he rapped a knuckle on his desk and looked down as he thought. He shook his head and looked back up at Eve.
“Right now we don’t have any proof he’s a problem. We would need more than just a gut feeling if we’re going to correct… whatever the problem is. So until then, let’s just stick to business.”
“I agree.” Eve nodded discreetly before she began to leave the room.
“By the way…” He had a thought. “Did you get that list of churches Linda said she was going to e-mail all of us?”
“I don’t know. I’ll have to ask my I.T. guy.”
Robert looked confused. “Your I. T. guy? Why? Is there a problem with your computer?”
Eve stopped at the door and turned to face him. “I pay good money to protect my computer from hackers.” She said point blank. “Someone hacked my computer but this was no ordinary hacker. Whoever did it meant business because I’ve paid an enormous amount of money for the kind of cyber protection I use and this person was able to get around it. Whoever did this can afford to hire the kinds of black market help to do so if he doesn’t know how to do it himself.” 
Robert looked in shock. “Oh no.” He mumbled.
“What?” Eve studied his face.
Robert pointed at his computer with one hand as he wiped his face down with his other hand. “My computer must have been hacked too because there was a modification to a file I had about some churches I had begun to study up on before Linda suggested her list. I called a friend of mine who’s a techie like no other ––an expert of the experts–– and he confirmed I’d been hacked but I refused to believe him.”
“Do you think it’s related to what we’re doing for Linda? I mean… why? It’s just research.”
“If it’s just research, then why did Spence tell me he was having computer problems? Somehow his laptop has a virus and he’s worried that the other computers back at his lab also have it. And would it surprise you to learn that the problem he noticed originated with the work he’s doing with us for Linda?”
“But why would research about the mysteries of God be so important to anyone enough to commit the crime of hacking someone’s computer?”
Robert thought deeply for a moment before answering. “Apparently we’re about to learn something someone doesn’t want us to know.” 
Eve scoffed. “You think we’re going to stumble upon information that… exposes someone? Like exposing them for fraud?”
“You can’t have false prophets without them counterfeiting the real thing.”
“So then you’re saying there must be real prophets of God alive today?” She asked just before her jaw dropped. “Oh my…the only way that could even be possible is for Jesus Christ to personally…
“Restore His church Himself.” Robert finished her sentence again almost mumbling it in awe. He sat down behind his desk in shock.
“There’s no other way to have true prophets, real prophets alive today. And that’s exactly how He has always worked.” Eve said. She looked at Robert and he agreed. Then he realized something more.
“Only a false prophet would be afraid of the real thing.” Robert was deadly serious as he looked Eve straight in the eye. She leaned back against the wall for a moment as if to keep herself from fainting over the realization of what the implications could be for their honest interests into the mysteries of God.
“And that would definitely be the ultimate exposure.” She sighed heavily.
“I think we may just find out.”


Chapter 17: Innocent Trouble for Alex and Leena


After the meeting, everyone went their separate ways back home while Samuel, Alex and Linda stayed behind to talk awhile. “If someone had told me ten years ago I’d be doing this job and learning what I’m learning I’m not sure I’d believe them.” Samuel said.
“Why do you say that?” Linda grinned.
Samuel smiled humbly and answered, “Because it’s amazing. I love what I’m learning and it’s an honor to work with the one and only Linda Wise.”
“I agree. It’s cool to be someone in your social circle. Especially at my age.” Alex chimed in as they all stood around a table and talked.
“Well, thank you to both of you.” Linda said graciously.
“Speaking of being in your social circle, how would you like to help me with the Triple-C?” Alex asked openly.
“What kind of help are you looking for?” Linda asked curiously.
“Research help for my presentation on retirement planning. Actually, it’s not just my presentation. My friends Leena and Julio from school are working on it too. We call ourselves The Success Crew. We’re a team. It would be really nice to have a sharp mind like yours to provide some feedback or maybe answer some questions about money from time to time. Maybe I could call you or text you some questions. I’ll pay you for your time.” Alex said confidently.
Now folding her arms across her chest as if to ready herself for negotiations, Linda asked, “How much were you thinking of paying me?”
“I don’t know. How much do you want?” Alex waited for a response but Linda motioned for she and Samuel to follow her to her office. They talked as they walked. Samuel looked on in some fear wondering if somehow Alex will have him ultimately paying with his own money.
“What if I don’t want cash or any money?” Linda asked wryly. Samuel let out a sigh of relief.
“Are you suggesting some kind of a trade?” Alex inquired quickly catching on. Samuel looked bewildered at the sudden business exchange before him since it’s not every day that a thirteen-year-old boldly negotiates with one of the most powerful and famous financial tycoons ever known.
“Why not? You can ask me any questions you have about money if I can ask you questions.” Linda countered confidently waiting for Alex’s response.
“Questions about what?” Alex wondered.
“Questions about God. Your beliefs.”
Alex suddenly became very reserved and quiet as she remembered the night of Linda’s office party when she looked at Linda’s art and mumbled her thoughts of how angels probably don’t have wings. She remembered how awkward she felt discovering Linda had overheard and actually asked her about it. She wasn’t ready to answer Linda then and she wasn’t ready to answer her now either. Then quickly recalling the lesson learned later that night after the party when talking with Aunt Meredith, Alex felt it was right to make the agreement to trade with Linda so long as there were respectful limits regarding matters Alex felt were simply too sacred to discuss.
“If I say ‘Yes’, I’d like your promise not to pressure me to talk about anything that I feel is too sacred to discuss. If you can agree to honor that then I’ll agree to trade your questions for my questions. If you’d like to set some limits of your own to keep it fair I’ll consider them because I want it to be a fair exchange.” Alex said respectfully. Linda was impressed with Alex’s sincerity and maturity in her pursuit of a sense of fairness and mutual respect. She opened the door to her office and the two followed her in.
“I suppose there is one limit I should impose.” Linda smiled over her shoulder to Alex as she headed over to her desk.
“What limit would you like?”
“You can ask me any questions about money–– even about my own personal finances–– but with the understanding and agreement that if I feel your question is too personal at any time I can decline to answer it by politely suggesting you ask another question instead. I’d also prefer to keep this a private arrangement similar to the concept of providing an anonymous donation of services. Fair enough?” She asked just as she stopped in front of her desk.
“Fair enough.” Alex agreed enthusiastically. She stood across from Linda while Samuel hung back a few feet behind Alex.
Linda extended her right hand and said with a serious smile, “So shake my hand and we’ll seal this agreement to trade questions.”
“I’ll sign a contract if you want me to.” Alex said fearlessly.
“You’re not of legal age to sign a contract.” Linda said half-amused. “So a handshake will have to do for now with Samuel as a simple witness.” Samuel smiled and nodded in agreement.
“Fair enough. We’re agreed.” Alex said as she shook hands with Linda. “Can I ask you my first question now?”
“Of course.” Linda answered as she leaned back and sat on the edge of her big, polished mahogany desk. It was an expensive and sturdy antique and she exuded a natural air of authority and expertise as she spoke.
“What’s the biggest mistake most people are making in their planning that causes them to retire in poverty?” Samuel pulled up a chair and sat back feeling thrilled to get a front row seat of an entertaining yet vital education he never planned.
“It’s not really one particular thing investors are or are not doing. It’s more like a series of mistakes they’re making. Some are along the lines of false assumptions they make and other mistakes are made from misinformation–– even from so-called ‘experts’.”
“What do you mean by ‘so-called experts’?” Alex asked as she remained standing. She asked this even though she was fairly certain she knew the answer. But if Alex was misinformed about its meaning, she wanted to double check with Linda now.
“A very good friend of mine is a woman who’s considered by the top two largest financial publications to be one of the most accurate investment forecasters ever known and she’s only right about seventy percent of the time. She is in fact a true expert who is well known and respected in the financial industry. But most people are fairly naïve when it comes to financial planning and investment strategies and so they look to their average stock broker or other investment broker as an expert and that’s often a huge mistake.” Linda said rather seriously.
“So how often are average brokers right?” Alex inquired.
“Well, since over 90% of people in the United States have been retiring in poverty for well over 25 years now and since approximately sixty percent or so receive advice at some point in their lives from one specifically hired by a company to be a so-called financial expert, with about another thirty-five percent who never consult an expert and the remaining five percent who hire the best, it’s these same sixty percent or so that are often the same people who hire your average broker to give them advice. So how often do you think the average broker is right to trust to create a full and positively effective financial plan to follow?”
“Not very often.” Alex sighed. Then after some thought she added, “That means that even a lot of brokers are retiring poor. Right?”
“Unfortunately, yes.” Linda answered with clearly recognizable disappointment in her voice.
“Even the financial TV and radio news correspondents? Are they retiring poor too?” Alex wondered.
“Sometimes, yes.”
“So I guess these so-called financial experts people hire must not be living within their means. They look rich but I guess they really aren’t,” Alex sighed. “I thought they knew better than that.”
“Well, to know is to do. They live in expensive homes that they really can’t afford, they drive expensive cars that they can’t afford to drive and they certainly dress in the image of success but this is often thanks to consumer debt, so they obviously don’t know it’s not right to do until they lose it all. Or maybe they understand or believe it makes sense in their minds to live frugally and to avoid consumer debt, but not until it’s felt strongly in their hearts will they really know and then do what’s right. Lessons of the heart that result in prosperity many times are brought first from some kind of pain. Financial loss hurts. But for some people, experiencing personal and painful financial loss may be the only way they can learn. It’s the wise ones that see the mistakes of others, learn from them and then do those things that are right to keep themselves from having to personally experience such painful lessons.”
“So learn from the mistakes of others, Alex. That’s what I try to do,” Samuel sighed.
“Yes. Learn from the mistakes of others. We all make mistakes at times. But we’ll make fewer of them the more we are willing to learn from others and recognize and do what’s right.”
“So how often are you right with your own investments and planning strategies?” Alex inquired curiously.
Linda smiled and responded humbly, “Only about sixty-five percent of the time.”
“You’re too modest.” Samuel protested. “The last report I read said you were accurate nearly sixty-eight percent of the time.”
“That’s very kind of you.” Linda smiled humbly.
“So what are some of the things people should be doing to retire more securely?” Alex asked.
“What research have you come up with so far?” Linda asked testing Alex to see if she had actually studied up on it or if she was looking for Linda to provide most of the answers.
Alex thought for a moment and then said, “Well, people often pay too high of an expense ratio with their investments. If they’re getting a mutual fund that has an expense ratio that costs two percent then they mistakenly think that’s good because it sounds cheap when in fact it’s more like a rip off. A naïve investor could easily lose the potential for a million dollars or more of investment growth because of too costly expense ratios. It’s better to not pay much more than one half of one percent where possible.” Linda was flabbergasted and nearly had to catch her breath over Alex’s obvious knowledge about investments. Alex clearly wasn’t looking for free information to avoid work. Her efforts at studying proved she was willing to contribute a good amount of her own work to succeed.
“Yes. Watching expense ratios are vital to secure and successful savings and investing strategies. That’s very good Alex. What else have you learned about overcoming retirement planning hurdles?” Linda inquired.
“Other than miscalculating the correct percentage amount of their income they should plan on replacing in future dollars, the only other thing so far is that they’re in the wrong type of funds. Some mutual funds get sold as being a hot investment because of their temporary big returns but the majority of funds people buy into windup getting an average of negative nine percent return on investment or R.O.I. So that’s an average annual loss, not an average annual gain. Index funds with low expenses and minimal fees are often the best investment for retirement as it follows the S&P 500 as its benchmark. But most people don’t know that so they end up putting their vital retirement monies into losing mutual funds. Low cost Index funds are the better winners with modest returns averaging ten percent or more annually.” Alex said thoughtfully.
“You really have studied well.” Linda said feeling deeply impressed with Alex’s advanced level comprehension of investments. “Do you know why so many more people are retiring in poverty than my parents and older adults did?” Linda asked.
“Not really.”
“Part of it is due to underestimating inflation in their calculations.”
“I should write that down and look into it,” Alex said as she stopped to type the idea into her phone as a reminder to research. Once Alex finished, Linda continued.
“Another reason is the tax laws. The tax laws changed back in the 1970’s in favor of the employer and in many ways to the detriment of the employee. It used to be that Defined Benefit Plans were the standard gift for a secure retirement to loyal, long-term employees of large companies. This cost these big companies anywhere from 20 to 30% of their earnings to provide. So they complained long enough and the tax laws were changed so that big corporations no longer had to pay so much out of pocket to ensure a secure retirement for their employees. The burden for a secure retirement was removed from the employer and placed on the backs of the employees and the new retirement plans became known as Defined Contribution Plans – the key word being contribution because it depended upon how much the employee contributed or paid out of his or her own pocket that would determine how securely he or she would retire.” Linda paused to make sure Alex understood. “Are you following me so far?”
“Yep!” Alex responded confidently.”
“So the employer could now limit their contributions as a company to their employee’s retirement plan as a match for their employees. This significantly reduced the burden of cost to the employer so that they only had to pay about 5% – ten percent at most – towards their employee’s retirement. That was a significant reduction when you consider that many companies once paid as much as twenty five percent or more of their earnings towards pension plans for their employees.”
“So companies looking to save money actually hurt their employees by causing them to come up with the extra investment money themselves that the company once provided?” Alex inquired.
“Yes. It also put the burden of smart investment decisions on the employees. Would you trust your average custodial person at a shopping mall with your financial planning?” Linda asked.
“No way.” Alex retorted.
“But yet that’s exactly what these large companies are doing. They have moved to no longer use their own vast corporate money to get good advice on how to plan for retirement for their employees and all of the various needs unique to that stage of life and instead have put that trust onto their employees to provide that same high quality, expensive advice for themselves on their own often seriously inadequate budget as the average employee does not earn enough to pay for the best advice. Therefore the average employee is not likely to succeed in planning wisely for their own retirement and other financial planning needs. That’s a significant disadvantage.”
“That’s two huge strikes against the average employee.” Alex sighed.
“That’s true.”
“That stinks.” Alex said.
“Yes. Yes it does stink.”
“So then what do you do for your employees?” Alex asked honestly. Linda answered without hesitation.
“We educate them about these things so they understand what limits that some aspects of this very industry perpetuate, in part, due to the restrictions of the government. We let them know about IRAs, Roth IRAs and other non-stock market alternatives for financial security. There’s a lot to learn. But for those that are willing to learn and make the right choices, willing to risk occasionally failing instead of totally failing, those are the ones that have the best chance for a secure financial future.”
Linda thought deeply as she sighed in hesitation about other factors Alex hadn’t addressed yet for proper planning needs. She knew that an adequate emergency reserve was vital for more people to have but that too often people didn’t even earn enough to save enough to begin with. She didn’t want to overwhelm Alex and discourage any hope because many people in the U.S. have in fact overcome many odds and become successful by earning enough. But if Alex hadn’t considered the bigger problems of income needs yet, maybe she wouldn’t want to go forward with her presentation ambitions. Linda thought she would simply bring it up and test Alex’s knowledge.
“Alex, have you considered what most people need in the way of emergency savings?”
Alex sighed, “Probably not as well as you have. But I can add that to my list of things to research.”
“Definitely do that. You may also want to consider how much it takes for a person to earn to make it also.”
“I know it’s a lot more than fifty thousand dollars a year,” Alex responded without hesitation.
“Any ideas of how much more?”
“I know it’s six figures but I’m not sure just how much. My latest math shows about two hundred thousand or so is what the average adult needs just to provide sufficiently for themselves. That’s two hundred thousand minimum for income to support one adult. Am I close?” 
Samuel practically broke out in a sweat as the idea to earn so much money as a means of survival for just one adult had never occurred to him before.
“You’re very close. Keep moving in that direction,” Linda encouraged. Samuel felt like passing out but he didn’t.
“I will. But I figure I need to just focus on retirement first. Then when I have that other math figured out, maybe I can add it to my overall planning ideas for future reference,” Alex said as if she were tired of the idea of having more math to do.
Alex and Linda continued talking about other ways for people to plan wisely and early for retirement. Although Linda was there to help, she encouraged Alex to think things through as much as possible on her own before Linda  would chime in with extra advice. After several more minutes of questions and answers, Linda had not yet requested Alex answer anything about her beliefs about God. She figured that could wait for another time. As Samuel and Alex walked out the door, Linda let out a long sigh as she knew the deep waters Alex was entering into over such a sensitive topic as the average American’s lack of preparedness and education in matters of personal finance.
For some people the news would come too late as they would learn just how much more they should be saving (an amount most likely beyond their reach) because they procrastinated planning and saving. For others, the news would be early enough and they would have more hope for a financially secure – if not prosperous – retirement. It would be a bittersweet experience for Alex and her friends of The Success Crew. The sweet side of it would be easy for them to handle. But what about the bitter? This worried Linda. What if the good intentions of these young kids placed them in a metaphorical war zone of angry, emotional adults? Certainly at least one adult would take offense at the honest approach of innocent kids. But as long as the information the Success Crew provided in their presentation provided a good quality education regarding retirement planning, they had little to fear. She then got up and walked back behind her desk and opened up a drawer.
“Perhaps I could review your presentation early to help you fine tune it so that once you present it to the public that you can be more confident in your results towards providing as much beneficial information as possible for the limited speaking time allowed.
“Thanks,” Alex responded in awe. She hadn’t expected to actually have the e-mail of a famous business tycoon available just for her own thirteen-year-old use. Linda grabbed a small notepad and wrote her email address on it and then politely handed it to Alex.
“Anyone in your audience who might get angry are likely to be the ones who did the most procrastinating or otherwise broke common sense rules about money such as by accumulating excessive consumer debt. The ones who will welcome it will be those who are most likely to take responsibility for their own spending and saving habits – even if the advice sounds difficult to follow. But either way it would prove to be beneficial as it would open the door to a conversation about money everyone thinks everyone else has figured out. When they all discover how much they are in the same sinking boat, maybe the subject won’t be so masked by people acting like they have their financial acts together when really they don’t.”
“I’ll email it to you.” Alex agreed.
“That would be fine,” Linda smiled warmly.
“Thank you again for your help. I suppose we should get going now. It was so nice of you to share some of your time with me. I like your office.” Alex beamed.
“Thank you again, Linda.” Samuel said politely as he mussed up Alex’s hair. “I’ve got the update on the museum schedule. You should see it in the morning in your e-mail. Everything looks good.”
“Well, it’s a privilege to help out Alex in any way I can.” She said as Alex began to lead the way out with Samuel following behind. As Alex and Samuel headed out the door, Linda pulled Samuel to the side and requested to speak with him privately.
“Alex, can you give us a minute? Just wait here,” Samuel said curious as to what Linda wanted to discuss.
“Do you know a man by the name of Manuel Lopez? He lives here in Kansas and owns his own private security firm? He provides personal security services–– usually to prominent celebrities, politicians, well-known religious figures. Have you heard of him?”
“Yeah. His son is on Alex’s team. Why?”
Linda let out a discreet sigh of relief. “Just get close to him. You’ll want him to be the best friend you’ve ever had if Alex takes her presentation in the direction it looks like. He’s a good man and Alex could face some serious backlash if her innocent desire to help accidentally exposes some shady aspects of this industry.”
“You mean the financial services industry?”
“Yes.” Linda whispered.
“Well hopefully I’ll have God to help if it ever gets that heated.”
“If it does, you’ll need Him. And, speaking from personal experience, God can work very well in providing miracles of personal safety. I just happen to believe that many times God answers prayers through other people. It’s a way for us to serve one another well. Doing good to one another is the best way to show our love for God.”
“So God will work through Manuel?”
“Stay close to Him. Be his friend.”
“Who? God? Or Manuel?”
Linda gave Samuel a serious look of warning and answered point blank, “Both.”



“Guess what?!” Alex asked excitedly as she plopped herself down on Leena’s bed.
“What?”
“I’m going to be an older cousin soon! That’s almost like being an aunt!” Alex said proudly.
“Really? Who’s having a baby?” Leena asked just as excitedly.
“Aunt Meredith and Uncle Samuel.”
“Wow! How soon?”
“About eight months.”
“Is she going to have a baby shower?” Leena wondered.
“Probably.”
“I’ve never been to a baby shower before. Have you?”
“Nope.”
“That sounds like so much fun! Eating a bunch of good food and opening baby gifts with your friends. Cute little baby clothes, blankets and toys.” Leena said wistfully. Alex could see Leena was starting to get carried away in the ideas of the joys of having a baby but Alex had only intended to share the good news and then get down to the business of working on the Triple-C retirement planning presentation. So she figured she needed to burst the joy bubble Leena was in so they could get to work.
“You know teen pregnancy is one of the fastest ways for people to become homeless. Most single parents, which are often women, struggle financially. If a teenager gets a teen girl pregnant, and if he dumps her because he doesn’t want to support her and their baby financially, he’s essentially shoving her and their child into a life of poverty – and many times eventually into homelessness – if she decides to keep the baby and take a chance that the father of her baby will stay with her. The guys rarely ever stay –– especially once they realize how much everything costs. Plus too many guys don’t want to get married out of obligation anyway. They think it interferes with the sex life they really want which doesn’t usually reflect a real desire for monogamy. But you can’t really expect a guy like that to be responsible with his money anyway. It’s expensive to start a family and only the really good guys do the math and make sure to wait until after marriage to financially support and have children. 
“I think Uncle Samuel and Aunt Meredith were smart to wait to get married when they were older and actually plan it out and save enough money before having kids. Uncle Samuel is definitely one of the good guys. He gives me hope. It’s guys like him that make me love to do the math so I can get things right too. That’s how I know teen pregnancy and homelessness often go hand in hand. Why in the world any girl would take a chance on becoming homeless and forcing her baby to live in poverty when she knows it’s wrong to have a baby before both the mother and the father of the child are responsible enough and mutually committed to starting a family is beyond me. I bet pregnant teens often drag their parents into poverty too – that is if they don’t already come from a lifestyle of poverty.” Alex said matter-of-factly.
“Hey! That’s a great idea!” Leena said excitedly. This was not the reaction Alex had hoped for and her facial expression showed she was clearly perturbed at Leena’s reaction.
“Let’s see how much it costs to have a baby and how much it costs to raise a child. If it’s so expensive that grown adults can’t easily afford it without waiting to save money after they’re married, then certainly a young person like you or me unexpectantly getting pregnant would easily push our parents and ourselves with our baby into homelessness since if our parents can’t afford to retire then they certainly can’t afford to help us with money to raise a baby,” Leena eagerly suggested.
Alex was bewildered. Leena really did have a good idea and Alex was secretly impressed that Leena had figured out a way to work on their presentation while enjoying the idea of having a baby and turning it all into a pragmatic tie-in to the challenges of retirement planning. Alex had always thought how important it was to understand money so as to be a good provider in a marriage. But her young mind was so focused on the costs of the costs of housing, transportation, food, clothing, taxes and investments for just one adult that she had failed to factor in the costs of having and raising a child. 
The financial facts of life had always been of interest to her and even a challenge she enjoyed. After all, she had been clever enough to calculate that it takes at least six figures of gross income per year to take care of the needs of a single adult. She knew that earning such a large amount was not common for most people but that America was certainly the one place in the world that had the best opportunities for the average person to achieve such. So the thought of making it financially was a bit of a stressor for her at times but now the thoughts of additional factors to consider of having a child and supporting a spouse too were factors that would quickly and easily increase the financial demands for properly providing a secure financial safety net for a family. Alex wasn’t prepared to think about these things yet and Leena’s excitement was beginning to stress Alex out.
“Oh! I know what we can do.” Leena said clapping her hands in bliss. “We can pretend we’re married! Okay. Now I’m pregnant and you’re the father of our child…” Alex passed out cold in sudden shock and fell flat on her back over the mere suggestion of the sudden responsibility for a pregnant wife and future children. Leena’s mom, Amelia, downstairs and folding laundry, heard the sudden thud from upstairs and wondered what happened. Leena, not noticing Alex’s passed out reaction of sudden shock, just keeps on talking.
“…But what if I’m pregnant with twins?” Now even more excited, she continued. “Or even triplets! Oh Alex! Wouldn’t that be wonderful?” Leena, smiling blissfully, turned around to look at Alex saw her passed out on the floor. Leena chuckled. “Oh! You are good! That’s exactly how my future husband will probably react when I tell him I’m pregnant with our first child.” Alex didn’t respond. “Okay. You can get up now.”
Leena waited for Alex to wake up and stop pretending to have fainted. Alex still didn’t respond. Leena, looked down at Alex and believing she was still pretending, said with some bewilderment, “I don’t think my husband is going to take as long as you are though to get up.” Leena looked closer and realized Alex was not pretending but really did pass out. Leena suddenly became frantic. “Alex!” she shouted. “Alex wake up! Oh no!”
Amelia heard Leena yelling and ran upstairs to see what was wrong. Leena, was shaking Alex, trying to wake her up as she continued to shout: “Alex! I’m not really pregnant! I’m not really pregnant!” Amelia, running and halfway up the stairs, overheard this and looked in shock. She ran in a panic to get to Leena and Alex. Leena was still shouting and shaking Alex. “Alex wake up! Wake up! I’m not really pregnant!” 
Alex woke up, propped herself up on her elbows and asked with a foggy look, “What just happened?”
“I told you that you were the father of my child and you passed out, remember?”
Amelia, quickly entering the room, asked in a mix of frustration and concern, “What in the world is going on here?!”
As Alex sat more upright, she said in a bit of a daze, “We were working on our presentation. Leena wanted to study what makes a good income by a husband for his wife in marriage when he’s the only income earner. So Leena thought we could pretend we were married…” Alex slowly looked at Leena in some humiliation and frustration added, “…for a few minutes.” Leena was smiling cheerfully at Alex – just thrilled that Alex was okay. Alex, then looked back at Amelia and continued explaining. “We just wanted to know what it costs to have a child and estimate a sound budget for it. Unfortunately I hadn’t thought of the idea of costs for pregnancy and children and obviously the mere suggestion of it caused me to…” Alex then shot a stern look at Leena “…pass out!” Leena just smiled cheerfully at Alex.
Alex then looked up at Amelia and Amelia looked at both of them and feeling absolutely exasperated said: “First it was the car rolling away in the driveway. Then it was the night of the Ferris wheel. And now this! ” She looked as if she were huffing and puffing in anger just short of exploding. She shook her index finger angrily towards them and said, “You two…are going to give me… a heart attack!” She then quickly turned and walked away, moving in angry haste back down the stairs.
Alex held her head in her hands in some embarrassment and then turned to see Leena still smiling at Alex. 
Alex couldn’t believe it. She then said in perturbed shock, “Stop smiling!” Leena stopped smiling.



Chapter 18: Counting the Cost of Lots and Lots of Cereal


“Leena’s mom, Amelia, called. She said something about you and Leena pretending to be pregnant. Something about your… pretending to be the father.” Samuel said hesitantly. He then pulled up a chair and sat down. Alex was already seated and Meredith was close by. It was clear. This was ‘the lecture’ Alex was dreading. Everything she had messed up on recently was about to be addressed and punishments were bound to be given.
“We’re not really angry as much as we are concerned and we think it’s a good time for all of us to talk. Uncle Samuel doesn’t have to work late tonight and we’ve all already had dinner and so we wanted to talk to you as soon as we could to see what you thought about some solutions we could agree on so that fewer problems get repeated in the future.” Meredith said with as much love as possible while still feeling disappointed. They were all seated around the kitchen table. There were a few bowls of sliced fruit and cheese and a fresh pitcher of cold water.
“The Ferris wheel incident was just a few nights ago and the ‘pretend marriage pregnancy’ thing was a few hours ago so let’s talk.” Samuel said leaning forward just before pausing to gather his thoughts. He then looked at Meredith before continuing. “It’s clear to both of us just how much this Triple-C competition means to you. We know it means a lot and that you want to do your best in hopes of winning so we want to help you with that. So Aunt Meredith and I decided we would talk to you a bit frankly about how much it costs to have a baby…”
“The labor and delivery costs with the hospital.” Meredith added interrupting.
“Right. And the cost to raise a child over the years.” Samuel then pulled out a piece of paper that had some financial estimates printed on it as well as a basic outline of the topics that they planned to address that evening. “But before we go over what we have learned it takes to provide for a growing family, we also have a few other things we wanted to discuss.”
“Such as proper manners when you visit at your friend’s home.” Meredith added.
“But I know my manners.” Alex politely protested.
“Oh, you mean like asking your friends parents if you can: a) borrow the keys to their $150,000+ car and b) actually get inside and sit behind the driver’s wheel of the car and c) without the proper immediate supervision of a trusted adult – such as the actual owner of the car…” Meredith said trying to make a point of the things Alex should have known better to not do.
“But no real damage happened to the car.” Alex tried to plead in her own defense.
“Alex it was an expensive collector’s car. It wasn’t just any kind of car. What if something bad had happened not only to the car but to you? What if another car had hit you and hurt or killed you? What if you survived as a cripple but Leena had died?” Meredith pleaded back.
“Look, even in a car that wasn’t very expensive these are real concerns. You can die or become crippled for life in a cheap car just as easily as you can an expensive collector’s car.” Samuel added. Alex looked down in shame.
“We don’t intend to hang this mistake over your head for the rest of you r life but we will ask you now, how do you feel about that mistake?” Meredith inquired patiently.
“Ashamed…and embarrassed.” Alex answered barely able to look them both in the eye.
Samuel then looked at Alex intently and asked, “What have you learned from that mistake?”
“Not to let a friend take car keys without their parents knowing and get behind the wheel even if we don’t intend to drive it because a bad car accident can still happen.”
“But you’re not old enough or experienced…at all to even drive a car. And a bad car accident almost did happen. Right?”
“Yeah. That’s true.”
“So what are your plans now to prevent that from happening again? How do you plan on correcting it.” Samuel dug further.
“I’ll apologize to Leena’s parents and I’ll promise now not to ever let a friend take car keys without their parents knowing and get behind the wheel even if we don’t intend to drive it because a bad car accident can still happen. I’ll figure out a way to earn the money to pay for the damage to the car.”
“That sounds like a sincere and mature way to handle it. Wouldn’t you agree Meredith?”
“Absolutely.”
“Now, let’s plan that that is Alex’s final decision and because it’s a very responsible one that we feel is highly commendable, we’ll move onto the next item to discuss.” She said this as she offered to serve up some sliced fruit and cheese onto a plate for Alex. The snacks looked great so Alex nodded eagerly that she would gladly receive the plate of food.
“We wanted to talk about the Meano-trio and how to solve the bullying problem before we talk about the costs to raise a family.” Samuel said. He then served up some cheese and fruit onto his own plate.
“Your Uncle Samuel and I think it’s probably a better choice to call the girls by their given names rather than to continue to refer to them as the ‘Meano-trio’ since that label just adds to the stigma of their immature choices as well as hindering your ability to see these girls for who they really may be or who they could be if they decided to become better at being kind and considerate of others instead of remaining bullies.” Meredith said before she dipped a piece of her own fruit into a sweet dip she made earlier. She then took a quick bite. “So let’s talk about Shelly. She’s the leader of this small threesome right?” Meredith asked.
“Yeah. Shelly is the ring leader.” Alex said after she finished spooning some extra dip onto her plate.
“How much of her bullying is physical or verbal in-your-face confrontation and how much of it is cyber bullying such as insulting or threatening texts or internet stalking or bullying?” Samuel asked.
“Most of it is verbal in-your-face insults and stuff. No texts yet to me. I’m pretty sure she doesn’t have my number since I only gave it to Julio and Leena and they agreed not to give it out. They must have kept their promise since I haven’t received any bad texts from anyone.” She then took a bite of fruit covered in dip.
“What about on any of your social networking sites?” Meredith asked.
“I haven’t created one yet. You guys limit my internet access so I can’t – and not that I’m complaining. I can get my research done because aunt Meredith sticks around but I’ve never put up my own social page yet. I’d like to do that.”
“Okay. We just need to go over the dangers of internet stranger dangers first.”
“Can I tell you what I already know so you can see I’m ready to have my own page up?”
Samuel and Meredith were surprised Alex was already wisely thinking of internet dangers. “Absolutely. What do you know?” Alex finished chewing before she answered.
“I know I don’t want to end up like Stacy,” Alex said with some fear as she recalled the story of how Stacy died. “She’s the girl who met a guy over the internet who requested that she meet him someplace face to face in a way where no one else knew about it. He lied about something that convinced her that secretly meeting was okay to do. But then after her parents couldn’t find her for a week, her dead body was found over by the lake. She had been raped and then murdered.” Both Meredith and Samuel sighed in sorrow that Alex would learn about such awful facts of life. Alex continued.
“And I don’t want to end up like Patricia either. She’s the girl who thought she had made a new friend with another girl online and when she went to meet her so-called ‘new’ friend, she learned the girl was forced to get them to meet and then Patricia was kidnapped and forced to be prostituted as an unpaid prostitute – a sex slave. Pimps rarely pay the girls and women who work for them. They force the girls to lie and act as if they are choosing to be a prostitute and the pimps watch their every move using hired guys so they can’t ever escape. The girl was a sex slave and then Patricia became one too even though she cried and begged the guy to let her go he just ignored her, beat Patricia up and raped her and then let other guys pay to rape her also for six years until she died from complications to a forced abortion while she was a sex slave. The pimp dumped her body in a field that was discovered by a farmer later,” Alex let out a heavy sigh and then took a drink of her water. Samuel and Meredith simply sat and listened patiently as they ate and Alex talked.
“No. I don’t want those things to happen to me. I’m not going to agree with people I talk to online to ever meet face to face so they can get me alone and harm me.” Alex was clearly more mature and smarter than most kids as she knew these things really did happen in life. “I know it was only those who don’t believe it will happen that are the same ones who become victims of such awful crimes. That’s the reason it’s so dangerous for guys to call a girl paranoid or mislabel her in that way when she is wisely choosing to remain vigilant. Guys and girls who call one another paranoid to get them to do foolish things to supposedly prove bravery are often not concerned with the safety, happiness and wellbeing of the person they’re calling paranoid. How brave is it to stand on a train track when a train is roaring at full speed towards you? It’s not brave at all to be dead as a result of trying to satisfy someone else’s foolish definition of what it really means to be brave. Some feelings of fear are there to warn us of danger. Wise people respect feelings of warning or intuitive fear and don’t silence it but they learn from it early and keep themselves from experiencing serious harm.” 
Samuel and Meredith were glad Alex was thinking enough about things like this so she could be smart and help others be smart, safe and happy too. If someone was going to call her paranoid, she was smart enough to ignore it if it came from someone who mocked her to manipulate her into thinking some lie that something that felt to her was a foolish choice was “cool” or “brave”. 
“I know that if something looks okay but feels wrong that trusting your intuitive feeling that what appears to be okay is probably wrong because feelings are often more accurate in situations like that.” Alex said seriously.
“We’re glad you’re smart enough to recognize the dangers that exist in this world and although not all of them start online, many of them do. That means you have a far greater chance of staying safe because you’re vigilant,” Meredith said as she stroked Alex’s head reassuringly.
“But we still wanted to market our team online,” Alex added. “I’m not sure if we can be cyber-bullied that way yet.”
“Hasn’t Leena created a website for your Success Crew team?”
“It’s not finished so it’s not live yet.”
“Have either Julio or Leena told you of any cyber stalking or bullying they’ve experienced yet?”
“Julio mentioned some texts he’s received that were insulting but he didn’t go into any details.”
“What about Leena?”
“Sort of the same thing.” Alex said thoughtfully.
“Well, your Uncle Samuel and I have some ideas about what might be done to help eliminate or at least significantly reduce the bullying that goes on at North Ivy. But before we share some of our thoughts on it, let’s be clear that although it’s important to make friends and be nice to others and help others to feel comfortable, it’s not smart to make friends or be nice to someone who you have good reason to feel afraid of either because of something they said or did. Even if someone just creeps you out for reasons you can’t explain, it’s never wise to make friends with people like that, okay? You have to be smart when you choose who to reach out to in friendship. That applies for making friends with people whether you’re young or old. Got it?”
“Got it.” Alex fully agreed.
“Before we share any more of our ideas about preventing bullying, do you have any ideas?” Meredith asked Alex.
“Some of the students have certain cliques they hang out with and if you’re not a part of their clique, it’s usually intentional. They figure that if they specifically exclude certain kids then they’re cool for excluding them and the ones being left out are weird or have little social worth. That’s such a messed up way of being if you ask me. Basically I think that it’s actually the ones who do the rejecting and excluding by their ignoring others or by insults or taunts that are the ones who have the problems with self worth because if they were smart enough and successful enough socially then they’d see most every student as someone worth including socially since every kid is really good at something and so we can all benefit from each others strengths. But since sometimes our strengths aren’t easily seen or recognized by others I can see how it might be easy for some of us as classmates to overlook someone’s inherent value and therefore see them as somehow unattractive as a potential friend.” Alex said.
Both Samuel and Meredith were deeply impressed with Alex’s maturity at such a young age. It was even more clear how smart she was and how successful she would be in life because of her gift for seeking to get along with others even when it’s hard.
“So what have you done to help other students feel more welcome and not left out?” Samuel asked. He then used his napkin to wipe off some fruit juice from his hands before taking a long drink of water.
“Leena and Julio and I have an agreement that if at anytime we see another student eating alone at lunchtime that any of us can invite them to sit with us if they’d like. We make room for anyone who takes us up on our offer but we never make anyone join us if they don’t really want to.”
“Has anyone ever joined you for lunch?” Samuel asked.
“Oh yeah. So far we have six other students that have started sitting with us and then some of them have made friends with each other. We’ve encouraged each one we invite to invite others to do the same so we keep an open table. Some are too shy to invite others but a couple of them have invited others to sit with us so we all eat lunch together. If other students who also happen to sit at our table are bugged by so many other ‘outcasts’ sitting near them they just move to another table. That’s sad because they’re bugged and view them the way they do but it’s good for us because we have more seats to welcome more kids. The more we welcome them the less they are ‘outcasts.’ We may not become best friends with all of them but it’s nice that they sometimes wave ‘hello’ to us in the halls and sometimes share their best lunch treats with us. One guy brought a box of cookies and shared it with everyone at our table. So expanding our circle of friends has its perks.” Alex smiled.
“We are amazed at your success and that Julio and Leena felt the same as you do, Alex.” Meredith said in awe as she looked at Samuel nodding in agreement. She then walked over to the sink and added more water to the filtered pitcher before placing it back onto the table. “We already feel Leena and Julio are good kids, but this additional insight causes me to be even more impressed. How about you Samuel?” She then sat back down.
“Absolutely! It’s clear they’re an influence for good on you, Alex. Julio and Leena are getting five stars for being such good examples in my mind,” Samuel smiled proudly as he refilled his glass.
“But what about bullies like Shelly. How do you think their bullying can be stopped?” Meredith inquired further.
“Personally, I think that the more we as students send a message that we’re not going to put up with it because we know that we have strength in numbers then the quicker we can stop the bullying.” Alex answered as she silenced her phone that began to ring. She knew it would be rude to take a call during such an important family meeting as she was in.
“What do you mean by ‘strength in numbers?’ How would you use that strength?” Meredith asked. 
“There are more of us at school who don’t bully than those that do. There are more of us who want it stopped than there are those who want to bully. Even the bullies don’t like to be bullied and some of them are bullied by the older or bigger students. If we all as students were to close ranks when a taunt or insult or bullying occurs then we could send a strong message that we won’t put up with treating others poorly. We can send the message that we’re all smart and we all believe that even if we can’t easily see another’s worth right now that it doesn’t mean that another student has no value. We can let others know by our own courageous Zero Tolerance perspective that we want to try and see one another’s value and worth as a potential friend and ally more than we want to allow bullying to continue in our school by students who choose behaviors of social rejection or actual threats that make our school emotionally or physically unsafe.” Alex spoke as if she had already given this great thought because she, in fact, had.
“How would students ‘close ranks?’ There are a lot of students at your school and you obviously are thinking ahead in some great ways so I was wondering how you’d get the cooperation of so many other students when social rejection and other forms of bullying can occur at any time or place.” Meredith said. She then plopped a bite sized piece of cheese in her mouth to eat as she listened.
“When I talked about this with Julio and Leena, Julio suggested we have everyone at school sign a personal commitment statement that says we won’t just look the other way when it happens and that we also won’t participate in any bullying. He suggested that it be short but specific so that we know not to participate in or to allow or turn a blind eye to social rejection, insults, physical threats, cyber stalking or bullying texts or any other form of social, physical or emotional harm to other students because of race, sexual preference, gender, religion, parents income status or any other reason. Leena and I agreed that was a good idea. We just have to propose it to the school principal and have the teachers sign it also. One of the problems Leena mentioned is that when someone bullies someone else that there seems to be an assumption that someone else nearby will step in and stop it but then most people have the same assumption and then no one does anything because they’re all thinking that someone else will somehow solve the problem. The bully often sees this false assumption working in their favor so they keep on bullying.”
“Leena has an excellent point.” Samuel said thoughtfully.
“So we have to help everyone ––the teachers and the students–– stop assuming that someone else will handle it or assume someone else will turn a bully in.” Alex added.
“She’s absolutely right. Which is better? To have everyone assume it will be handled by someone else or to have more than one student and teacher step in to intervene or otherwise report bullying?” Meredith asked.
“Obviously it’s better to have more than one person intervene or report it.” Samuel replied as he broke off a piece of cheese to eat.
“I agree.” Meredith said.
“So do I.” Alex said.
“I spoke with Julio’s father, Manuel, about the risks of student retaliation and he said that the fact is, statistically speaking, there are fewer students that will actually retaliate against a teacher or another student if they’re peer pressured into not bullying or if they’re reported than there are students that will take a serious form of revenge. So if there are a dozen bullies in a middle school of three hundred students, less than one percent may actually try and get severe revenge which means that of all twelve bullies’ chances are that maybe only one of them would actually try and retaliate in an extreme manner. Unless the specific bully in question has a proven history of extreme retaliation – such as burning down a building or shooting someone with a gun or using a knife on someone, the chances of them trying to seek real or ‘grievous’ revenge is relatively low. We’re talking about really harmful revenge, not just empty verbal or texted threats.”
“Why is that?” Meredith asked.
“He said that most bullies just want attention and that if they have peer pressure to get them to do the right thing and stop bullying that many of them will actually respect their classmates for standing up for what’s right and are therefore more likely to change and stop bullying because of the demand for higher social and moral values. The influence of just a few students speaking out respectfully ––not with insults or ‘out of control anger’–– is so powerful that it turns the problem into an opportunity for everyone to benefit by becoming better people in the process. Very few experiences in life are more powerful than standing up for what’s right.” Samuel said.
“After all, you don’t learn about your potential strength to resist an oncoming army of opposition by simply laying down and letting them conquer you. By the way, that opposition can be physical or emotional ––metaphorically speaking.” Alex added.
Samuel took a hard look at Alex and the thought that so few young people were as obviously emotionally intelligent as Alex was caused him to ask quizzically, “Is there any chance you’re related to Ghandi?” Alex chuckled and Meredith couldn’t hold back laughing as well.
“You think that’s funny? I don’t think that’s funny. I am completely serious.” Samuel lightly protested.
Meredith looked at Samuel with a look of disapproval over his protest and then took on the role of peacemaker by getting back to the goal of finding a solution. “Okay. Look. Alex, we wanted to give you some of our ideas but frankly you’ve already come up with similar or better ideas and the suggestions of Julio and Leena are excellent also. I think at this point we should simply request a meeting with Principal McDougal and as many of the parents and teachers and students as possible…”
“As soon as possible” Samuel added interrupting.
“…to help you and Julio and Leena propose your ideas and get this problem of bullying in all its various forms addressed and resolved as much as possible.” Meredith said. She then took a long sip from her glass of water.
“Sounds good to me. I know Julio and Leena are anxious to share their ideas too.” Alex said confidently. “I also know someone has made a team for the Triple-C that addresses face to face bullying and cyber-bullying but I don’t know which team it is or what they’re putting together to raise money by it.”
“Wow. I’d like to know what that team is doing,” Meredith said pleasantly intrigued.
Samuel thought for a moment and said, “We should get more information on that if we can.”
As Meredith wrote down a few notes, she said, “So I’ll make a note to email Principal McDougal about Alex’s ideas and see what he knows about this other team and we’ll go from there.”
“I suppose we should discuss the next subject?” Samuel suggested as he gave Meredith a knowing look.
“Yes. The costs of having and raising a baby. It’s extremely expensive.” Meredith said soberly. Samuel left the table to go pull out a large bag from a nearby hall closet. It was filled with various baby items. He brought it over to the table to use to show which items cost what amounts. But the first item was a piece of paper with a list of various expenses related to pregnancy, child birth and raising a child. He laid this on the table before him as he sat back down. He left the bag of baby supplies on another chair near him.
“I know. I did the math once for buying a ten years supply of my favorite cereal. It would cost over a thousand bucks.”
“Ummm…okay,” Samuel looked baffled that anyone would count the costs of so much cereal. “Wouldn’t it expire, though, before you could eat it all?”
“Good point.” Alex said with her index finger in the air. “I’ll just buy a six month supply instead and just keep doing that twice a year for ten years... and for the rest of my life.”
“Did you want to discuss how much it costs to have and raise a baby?” Meredith asked trying to steer the conversation away from frivolous cereal purchases.
“So how much does it cost?” Alex asked.
“Labor and delivery has an average rate of between five thousand and eight thousand dollars, depending upon the hospital and any complications during the delivery.” Samuel turned the paper around so Alex could easily read it. Meredith continued. “The cost for a room in the hospital is over a thousand dollars a day and the average stay for most mothers who deliver a baby with few or no complications is about three days.” She explained it patiently as she went over the list.
“But if you have serious complications – such as a threat to the mother’s life or the baby’s life–– then the costs go up even higher because you’ll need more specialized treatment or surgeries.” Samuel added.
“A birth by Caesarean section, also called a C-section, is especially expensive. All in all you could be looking at costs of fifteen thousand dollars or more. And if you have any unexpected complications with a normal birth then a C-section birth may be the only option you’ll have to safely deliver the baby.” Meredith explained.
Alex was deep in thought as she quietly mumbled, “Wow. That’s a lot of money.” 
“If you don’t have the money to pay the hospital bills for the labor and delivery and you’re late paying your hospital and related medical bills then technically speaking the hospital can use their legal right to come and take the baby away from you.” Samuel said matter-of-factly. Alex had a look of quiet alarm since the thought of someone having their newborn baby taken away from them was horrifying.
“Then for the first year of the newborns life there are a lot of expenses needed to properly care for the child.” Meredith said.
“There’s food, clothing, shelter, medical care, babysitting costs, furnishings, cleaning, education ––lots of different expenses you’ll need to have money to pay for.” Samuel added as he pulled out various items with price tags on them to show their costs. There was also a sticker he added to each item that had the number of times per week or per month that the item would need to be purchased and replaced.
“So how much does it all cost?” Alex asked.
“Well…” Samuel cleared his throat, “…it can cost anywhere from eighteen thousand dollars up to twenty-four thousand dollars or more for their first year of life.”
“Why is it so expensive?” Alex wondered.
“First of all, most younger people make the same mistake where they think that someone else will pay for it all. They may have parents or other family and friends who buy you a gift or two for the baby to help you out but really the facts always remain that sooner or later it all falls on you as the parent to provide for your baby. Diapers are extremely expensive since a baby uses the bathroom multiple times a day and you have to change the diapers over and over. As soon as you know the baby has urinated or passed stool that diaper must be removed and the baby properly cleaned and put a clean new diaper on so the baby doesn’t have so much damage and pain with their tender skin. If the baby were to get an infection from unsanitary habits from the diaper not being changed soon enough and the baby cleaned well enough, the baby could die,” Meredith answered with gentle seriousness.
“Damage and pain to their skin? How?” Alex wondered.
“The urine and the stool from the baby can be acidic and have other harmful bacteria that can harm the baby’s skin and cause them a lot of pain and discomfort. That’s why there’s usually a skin cream used on a baby’s bottom to help protect their skin and keep them comfortable –– especially if the baby is having diarrhea and passing watery stool more often. Of course diapers and creams are used only until they become potty trained later,” she said 
“Clothes are super expensive because the baby grows so fast that they outgrow their clothes so you buy clothes far more often than you do when you’re an adult. This tendency remains the same for each child all the way up through high school and sometimes they’ll keep growing for another year or two after high school.” Samuel added. “But this is also super expensive…” he said as he pulled from the bag over a dozen different kinds of baby food and related supplies. He placed them all on the increasingly crowded table in front of Alex.
“Food is expensive because the more the baby grows, the more he or she will eat and it’s important that you feed the baby often so it can grow to a healthy and full maturity over the months and years. Breast milk is usually the only thing the baby will eat for food in the first several weeks as an infant. But eventually you’ll add baby food to the baby’s diet so the baby will still drink breast milk as a vital source of nutrition. Breast milk is not only the most healthy option for the child, but it also saves money when compared to using formula. Lots of hospitals are encouraging mothers to breastfeed as much as possible for the child’s first year and a half or so of life since the vast majority of babies benefit more from drinking breast milk than from drinking formula. There are some babies that find formula more beneficial but that’s not very often.” Meredith said. “Feeding a child is another expense that only increases with every year of age the child gets older. This trend of increasing grocery costs per child also continues all the way through high school since babies can’t live on just breast milk alone as they get older.” 
“Another thing to consider is that at any time the child can become sick or injured with a medical illness that can be very expensive and unexpected. So one year the costs to raise one child may be about eighteen thousand then the next year it can become thirty thousand for that same child just because of a serious medical condition,” she added soberly.
“This happens to literally hundreds of thousands of parents every year so it’s not exactly uncommon,” Samuel said.
“And if it’s a permanent medical condition, such as a major disability or a terminal illness, then it can be thirty thousand dollars or more––even increasing in costs each year––all the way up until the child passes away. Or if you struggle to pay the bills you can still be obligated to pay them off for years after the baby has died. These costs can go on throughout the child’s adult life if he or she lives long enough.” Meredith added. “And keep in mind that one of the top three reasons a couple doesn’t stay together is because of financial disagreements. Most couples have no idea of what it really takes to properly provide financially for a family so it’s one of the first things a couple argues over and they usually keep arguing over it throughout their marriage ––especially if no honest improvements are made to their financial circumstances.”
“So if most couples argue about money, is there any way to prevent it?” Alex asked.
“In many cases the answer is ‘yes’. Those arguments can be greatly reduced by discussing costs long beforehand. It’s like Uncle Samuel and I mentioned when you first began living with us. We made some agreements early on because an expectation is much more realistic when it’s communicated clearly and with love and it’s mutually agreed upon in advance by all of those affected. Any expectation is unrealistic unless it’s thoroughly discussed enough and mutually agreed upon by all involved first. You may not think of everything to discuss in advance but you do the best that you can to think things through and talk about them before major decisions need to be made. Things probably won’t be perfect before you take big steps like getting married and having a baby but if you do your best to plan ahead to make right decisions for the happiness and welfare of all involved then you can have more confidence to go ahead and do what you feel is right when the time comes to choose between one option or another.” Meredith answered. She moved a bit to sit more comfortably as Samuel chimed in.
“But unfortunately most guys aren’t thinking ahead ––especially when they’re young teens.”
“Unless they’re really mature with sympathy and have a strong desire to plan ahead for social, emotional and financial success. Believe it or not those smarter and more compassionate guys do exist. They usually have high moral values and are more confident than other guys.” Meredith added.
“That’s right. But because of this lack of planning and forethought by most young men, the average guy won’t stick around to see the baby born when the baby is born outside of marriage since he doesn’t want to be tied down to a baby and the mother of his child. Often he avoids his fatherly responsibilities since he wants more freedom in his sex life. Many guys will lie and say they’ll stay and help the mother out but the liars always reveal their true intents when they stop calling the mother and they don’t come back. Too many guys are selfish cowards who leave the mother with all of the burdens. Most guys would rather pursue more irresponsible sex with someone new than have the responsibility of actually being there as a good father and husband to financially and emotionally support his baby and the mother of his child.” Samuel added.
“I bet it costs someone even more in medical bills when they get a Sexually Transmitted Infection too, right? So there’s more costs than just caring for the baby.” Alex wondered.
“That’s a very good point, Alex. S.T.I.’s are financially, physically and socially painful. Passing an S.T.I. onto the baby in the womb can really have expensive consequences for the parents and later for the child when she or he is an adult. But right now we’re talking about how expensive it is to have a child even when you’re doing and planning everything right such as waiting to have sex until after you’re married and making sure you don’t marry someone who has different moral values than you do. Not everyone is having sex. Believe it or not, lots of people – young and old – wait to have sex until after their married. Then they practice total fidelity after marriage. That’s the best way to ensure a happy and lasting marriage and a strong sense of confidence and self esteem for yourself.” Samuel replied.
“I married Uncle Samuel for that exact reason. He was willing to wait to have sex until after we were married.” Meredith smiled.
“That’s right.” Samuel said.
“That makes it so much easier to trust each other that we’ll remain loyal and faithful to one another throughout our marriage.”
“Absolutely.” Samuel smiled.
“Now there’s something else most people don’t think of when they have their first baby.” Meredith continued. “When you’re a mother with a newborn, whether you’re eighteen or forty years old, you get tired of the 2:00 am feedings and the 4:00 am feedings and the 6:00 am feedings and the constant diaper changes and the crying of the baby. Even playing with the baby and enjoying the happy times spent with the baby can wear a mom out. This fatigue interrupts a woman’s sex drive and the man usually can’t relate so he gets upset when his girlfriend or wife is too tired for sex. Unless he’s a mature man emotionally he won’t help out with the middle of the night feedings and diaper changes and other needs and he therefore won’t have enough sympathy for the mother of his child. It’s that kind of selfishness and lack of compassion that can easily destroy a relationship and family.” Meredith said.
“Now what I’m about to say is especially important so please pay close attention, Alex.” Samuel said. Alex nodded intently.
“These costs per child per year are only the costs for each child. They don’t include the costs for each adult to live life. So when you consider that one adult usually needs at least seventy-five thousand dollars a year to live on, if they’re going to have any hope for saving some of their income, then you can see that you have to consider that there are two adults in a marriage, which means that the cost for seventy-five thousand dollars a year doubles to make it one hundred and fifty thousand dollars a year in income that’s needed just to support the two adults paycheck to paycheck. If you have one adult that is trying to support one child with just one income source then at least ninety-three thousand dollars or more is needed as gross income per year to support the single parent and the one child. That’s seventy-five thousand dollars needed to support the single parent and another eighteen thousand minimum needed to support the needs of the baby for a total minimum income need of at least ninety-three thousand dollars in gross income. And when most American’s earn only forty-five thousand or maybe fifty thousand a year max in gross income, that’s a huge problem. Most jobs just don’t pay enough for a good income.” Samuel said soberly.
“Do you know what gross income is as opposed to net income?” Samuel asked Alex.
“Yeah. Gross income is the total amount you earn before taxes are taken out. Net income is what’s left over after taxes. I like to remember the difference as being that it’s really gross to see just how much you are making before the government sifts out what they want in taxes and the rest falls into a net for you to use as net income.” Alex answered as if she understood taxes as well as she knew how to pour her own bowl of cereal.
“That’s a clever way to remember the difference. I like that.” Meredith smiled.
“But how are you coming up with the figure of seventy-five thousand as the total gross amount of income needed to support one adult?” Alex asked intently.
“Well, if we’re setting aside ten percent in savings and also paying money to a charity each year then we factor in taxes and insurance and other needs such as shelter and food and transportation and seventy-five thousand seems to be the amount needed.” Meredith replied.
“With all due respect, I think you two may have underestimated how much gross income is actually needed to properly financially plan for the current and future needs of one adult.” Alex said politely.
Now feeling their own adult wisdom was superior to Alex’s young mind, they both gave one another a knowing look. “Alex, we really have thought this through.” Samuel said politely. “With all due respect to your own ideas.”
“If I show you the math, will you reconsider your own financial planning needs?” Alex asked.
Thinking this was a good learning opportunity for all, Samuel answered, “Absolutely. Where do you think we might have miscalculated?” He remembered the conversation Alex had recently had with Linda about needing at least a quarter of a million dollars per year in income for just one adult to start to thrive financially.
“On a few points. But I’m not done with my math yet. But I promise you. I’ll show you just how much more it really takes to provide for one adult when you consider a variety of factors. Most people don’t consider most of the math. But give me some more time and I’ll show you what I mean. I only mention it because I really want you and Aunt Meredith and your future children to be well provided for.” Alex said confidently. 
Samuel and Meredith were intrigued.



Chapter 19: The Woes of Halloween Trick or Treating for Julio


Julio studied a note in his hand closely and tried to figure out who it came from as he stood by his locker in the hall at school.
“Hey Julio. What’s up?” Alex asked.
“Someone put this note in my locker and I don’t know who it’s from.” Julio said bewildered. “They must have slipped  it in through one of the cracks because I always keep a lock on my locker.”
“Me too. Locks are a good idea. But why didn’t they just text you?” Alex wondered.
“It’s more anonymous to leave a note than to text me I guess.” Julio shrugged.
“What does it say?” Julio handed Alex the note and she read it silently. “It’s a warning but it’s not signed. Shelly seems to be planning to frame me and get me in trouble. Somehow she’s going to use my cell phone and send a sext to her brother’s phone from my phone. Alex, I could get kicked out of school if I can’t prove I didn’t really do it.” he worried.
“How is she going to get your phone?” Alex wondered.
“Sometimes I keep it in my locker so I don’t get tempted to use it in class. It’s a personal choice.”
“Maybe you should keep it on you instead. Obviously if she’s planning on getting it from your locker and you’re being warned then you should store your cell phone in a new location.” Alex said.
“But where would I put it that I wouldn’t have it on me and be tempted to use it? I’m trying not to get in trouble anymore for using it in class. I’ve already been to detention twice and my Dad says if I go to detention one more time then I can’t go on vacation this summer with my cousin. Alex I can’t get in anymore trouble. I can’t afford it.”
Alex was perplexed to see such a serious and responsible side of Julio. She tried hard to think of a solution but drew a blank. Then Julio’s face changed to a sly smile. He had an idea. “I know what I’m going to do.”
“What?” Alex asked curiously. “Turn her in? How do you even know the note is real?”
“No. I won’t turn her in.” Julio smiled. “Not yet.”
Alex saw a mischievous look grow across Julio’s face and this worried her. “Oh no. Julio, don’t do anything stupid.” Alex warned.
“Not stupid. I’m going to do something smart.”
“Like what?” Alex inquired in a clear tone of skepticism.
“She can use my phone. In fact, she’s welcome to get into my locker to do it. I’ll have all of the evidence I need when I catch her on a hidden video camera.” Julio said and then started to laugh at the thought of her being the one in trouble instead of him.
“I don’t know Julio. That sounds like a gamble to me.” Alex said cautiously.
“I guess we’ll see. Meet me at lunch. I’ll see you later.” Julio then shut his locker and ran down the hall and turned around a corner disappearing from Alex’s sight. Alex could only shake her head in disbelief at Julio’s resourcefulness and confidence to try something that could end the problems of the bullying by Shelly and possibly others. But she still had her doubts.
“Where’s Julio?” Alex asked as Leena unwrapped a fresh whole grain sandwich at lunch.
“I’m sure he’ll show up as soon as he’s done getting his lunch. He said he’s decided to join us in our healthy living choice of eating habits. I told him it will taste just as good as the junk food he’s eaten – if not better.” Leena answered with a charming wink.
“You convinced him to give up his love of marshmallows?” Alex asked as she took a bite of her lunch.
“I didn’t say that.” Leena politely clarified. “He’s just going to have marshmallows in moderation. He actually brought me some whole grain blueberry bread the other day that he himself made at home. It tasted really good. We were studying together at my house. Maybe he’ll make some again and you can try it too.”
“That sounds pretty good. But he should still cut back on sugars. That’s what’s making too many kids and adults have so many preventable health problems. A diabetic diet is actually a healthy diet for a lot of people to follow – even if they’re not diabetic or overweight.” Alex said.
“Did your dad teach you that?” Leena asked.
“Yeah. He’s a really successful heart surgeon that actually studies nutrition. Very few doctors understand nutrition well enough but my dad knows a lot about that stuff.”
“I remember you told me that once before.” Leena said.
“I think it’s great that Julio is changing his eating habits to be better and more healthy. What’s he doing to reduce bad fats and get more good fats in his diet?” Alex asked curiously.
“I’m not sure but I do know he bought a recipe book that’s really good. It’s not a low carb diet book either. It has more of an emphasis on good carbs, high fiber, fresh fruits and vegetables, more protein and good healthy fats like olive oil and canola oil. The recipes are all low sugar based on glycemic index values of how quickly sugar from a particular food is absorbed into the bloodstream. He was pretty excited and I told him I’d like to borrow it sometime.” Leena smiled.
“Someday there will be more restaurants that choose for themselves to have healthier menus that are affordable for most people.” Alex added.
“But the food has to taste good too.” Leena said.
“True.” Alex agreed.
Now looking around a bit as she ate, Leena thought it was unusual that Julio wasn’t there yet. “Julio should’ve been here by now.”
“Did you hear about the note he found in his locker earlier today?” Alex asked.
“A note? No.” Leena said bewildered.
“Someone slipped an anonymous note in his locker warning him that Shelly was planning on using his cell phone to send a sext to her brother’s phone to frame Julio and get him in trouble.” Alex was clearly worried.
“That’s awful. Shelly is a jerk!” Leena said in a huff just before taking another bite of her lunch.
“Why didn’t they just text him the warning?” Leena wondered.
“Apparently the old school way of leaving a handwritten note can be more anonymous.” Alex replied.
“What’s Julio going to do?”
“Well that’s the problem. Julio is planning on catching Shelly in the act of framing him by setting up a hidden video camera.” Alex said.
“Where?”
“In his locker, I guess.” Alex replied.
“How’s he going to do that?”
“Only Julio knows.”
Then Julio arrived at the table with a big smile on his face. He had no lunch with him. “Problem solved.” He smiled as he sat down next to Leena and across from Alex.
“Why do I have a bad feeling about this?” Alex wondered in a low voice.
“I don’t know why. All that matters is that I feel pretty good right now.” Julio said proudly.
“Are you sure this won’t backfire on you, Julio?” Alex asked sincerely worried for his future as a student at North Ivy.
“Of course I’m sure.” He answered more hesitantly since Alex was obviously concerned.
“How can you be so sure?” Leena chimed in.
“Trust me. Everything’s going to be just fine.” He half-smiled.
“Are you sure?” Alex asked again.
“Trust me. I know what I’m doing. How can it backfire?” Julio asked trying to not worry.
“It backfired.” Julio mouthed two days later in fearful regret to Leena and Alex as they saw him being hauled away to the principal’s office at the start of lunch. Leena and Alex looked on in shock.
As the door to the principal’s office opened Julio saw his father, Manuel, standing in agitated anticipation over the ensuing meeting. Julio’s jaw dropped wide open and a feeling of dread came over him.
“Hello, Julio.” Manuel said in a clear tone of controlled anger. That alone was enough to make Julio regret setting up a small video camera in his locker.
“Two days suspension will hopefully get you to put your head on straight before doing such a foolish thing like that again.” Manuel said in a low voice of irritation as he quickly walked Julio out of the school after the somber meeting with the principal. “I’ve already spoken with your mother and she agrees. You will have no TV, no computer, no internet, no video games, no music, no cell phone privileges and no friends over for the next four days. You will, however, write the report the principal required of you about why setting up video cameras in the school without permission is wrong.” Manuel said in a huff as they walked briskly.
“But the school’s only punishing me for two days. Why are you punishing me for four?”
“Personally, I think they went easy on you by giving you only two days suspension. I think they should have given you three or four days. But this may give you an opportunity to count your blessings that you can still go to school here.”
“But you saw the video footage. Shelly stole my cell phone! Why am I getting in trouble too?” Julio protested. This caused Manuel to stop abruptly in his tracks and address Julio firmly.
“You think that setting up a video camera to catch a girl doing something is setting a good example? Hmm? Do you actually think that once the word got out that you, Julio Lopez, my son, caught a girl – or anyone else for that matter – committing some crime that doing so would actually be a good example to set for the rest of the students here? You are the son of a man who is well known for professional security services, services that often use video cameras, for homes and businesses all across the state and in other states as well and you don’t think that someone might get the false idea that I, your father, trained you to do this? Hmm?” Manuel asked in heated confrontation. This potential problem never occurred to Julio. He was at a loss for words as he stood in silence listening to his father. Manuel, nearly furious but still maintaining his control by not yelling or cussing, continued to teach his son what he knew he needed to learn.
“Son, people abuse video surveillance technology all of the time. Men video taping women on their dates and the women have no idea that the man she is dating is using cameras to record their date at his apartment. These men are criminals. They are perverts. The women are often innocent. If I let you off easy or if the school lets you off easy by not properly disciplining you for your thoughtless actions – even when you use it in your defense – you won’t learn that there are consequences for your actions, consequences that you cannot always choose.” As he considered how angry and disappointed he was in his son, he worried he might be too upset. Pausing long enough to get his anger under even better control, he let out a long sigh and then looked more gently at Julio. Showing a little softer side so he isn’t so firm with his son that Julio thinks his father doesn’t love him, Manuel gently put his arm around Julio and moved him to walk along side him more slowly as they left the school.
“Julio, video surveillance technology, the power I work with everyday in my career, is something that is usually encouraged, yes, to prevent criminals from committing a crime since they will fear being caught, but it is also used to help people see that there are no causes for concern in a certain room or parking lot, for example, so people see the good in a situation. Many people in this world are trustworthy. We should not be looking to prove someone guilty so quickly. It is better to video a room or area in hopes of finding no causes for concern rather than looking to catch someone doing something wrong. It is a mindset of optimism rather than a mindset of pessimism and accusation that I’m talking about. Understand?”
“But I was warned about her and then it happened. I understand now the idea of me setting a bad example as your son and I apologize for that. But even my bill from my cell phone service provider shows who the sext came from and the date and time and then the date and time of it being sent from my phone to her brother’s shortly after – all of that might not have been enough proof of my innocence. I just want to know what else I could’ve done in my defense had she broken in to my locker and used my phone and I had no video to prove it?”
Manuel and Julio stopped just outside his car and looked at one another for a few moments. Then Manuel let out another deep sigh as he looked off in the distance and prepared to answer Julio’s question. 
Looking back at Julio he replied, “I’m afraid I don’t have an answer for that right now because I know you could have brought the note to the principal and that he might simply see it as you trying to get away with a terrible thing by framing Shelly instead. I actually don’t blame you too much for setting up the video camera to catch her because now the principal and you and I have proof of just how mean Shelly can be. Now there is no question that she sent the sext to her brother and you cannot be entirely to blame. In some ways, as a professional in the security industry, yes, that was a smart move on your part to get proof. However, one of the problems here is that you did not have the advanced, written consent or permission of the school to use a hidden video camera in your locker. The locker is the property of the school and you only have permission to use it with certain previously mutually agreed upon restrictions. This ‘sting operation’ you created did not have a willing partner through the school and therefore the school could possibly be held liable if they knew about it and allowed you to do it by not punishing you. Understand?”
“Yeah. I think so.”
“Shelly is being suspended for a week. That seems fair to me. She did commit the greater crime. But you cannot think in the future that you can do whatever you want to keep yourself out of trouble if someone is after you, as Shelly was, and then still control all of the consequences.” Manuel studied his son’s face carefully to see that he understood before reaching for the keys to his car. “By the way, where is the note that warned you of Shelly’s idea?” Manuel inquired intently. 
Julio reached into his yellow and black backpack to dig around and find it. “It’s in here somewhere. Why? It was never signed so we can’t know who wrote it.” After finding it he opened it up to read it again.
“Put it in this bag.” Manuel said as he pulled out an empty paper lunch bag from his pocket and emptied out the few crumbs from crackers he had eaten earlier. “I’ll test it for fingerprints and see what comes up.”
“Sweet!” Julio smiled as he placed the note in his father’s empty bag. Manuel carefully put the bag with the note back in his pocket and gave Julio a confident wink and they got into his car and headed for home.



Alex paced Leena’s room as they waited for Julio to show up. It had been nearly a week since all three of them had last worked on the presentation for the Triple-C and Alex was anxious to see how Julio had kept up his end of the deal. After ringing the doorbell and being admitted into the Lilly home, Julio came bouncing up the stairs and quickly entered Leena’s room.
“Hey! What’s up?” Julio asked a little out of breath.
“Just waiting for you.” Leena smiled politely. Then she snuck behind Alex and mouthed to Julio, “Alex is upset.”
“So, Julio. I understand that you may not have been able to work on the Triple-C when you were suspended at home. But just out of curiosity, how much have you been able to get done. I mean, after all, we were all working on this before you got suspended.” Alex said in some frustration.
“I got some stuff done. I couldn’t use the internet but we do have encyclopedias at my house,” Julio responded timidly as he plopped himself down on a nearby chair at Leena’s desk. He then let himself get distracted by a piece of crystal that had sunlight shining through it displaying a rainbow of colors on Leena’s wall.
“Hey, rainbow boy. I’m talking to you.” Alex said as she folded her arms across her chest.
“Don’t call me rainbow boy! I know what you’re implying,” Julio turned and said angrily back at Alex.
“I’m not implying anything Julio.” Alex said defensively.
“He’s been cyber bullied lately about being secretly gay. He’s a little touchy about it and I don’t blame him.” Leena said in Julio’s defense.
“I was talking about the rainbow on the wall from the crystal.” Alex said apologetically. “I didn’t mean to imply you were gay. But if you were I wouldn’t condemn you for it.”
“But I’m not gay!” Julio added emphatically.
“I just said if you were.” Alex said sympathetically. Leena decided to chime in and use her talent for peacemaking before an emotional war of words breaks out.
“Look let’s just all agree that if any of us were then it wouldn’t have to be a touchy subject. None of us here would condemn anyone else so let’s just leave it at that and drop the subject. Besides, we’re here to work on the presentation right? Not fight.”
“I agree. But I still want to say that I’m not gay and I don’t think it’s right for someone to cyber bully me by texting me and accusing me of it when I’m not. I know I’m not and I’m not offended by someone else being that way, but it bugs me that those people who are offended by something that isn’t even true would be so blind as to see someone for something that they’re not. Some people are just idiots. I just think it’s sad that those who are gay and don’t want to be made fun of for it probably can’t handle the bullying as well as I can. Personally, when it comes right down to it, I don’t really care what other people think unless I am setting a bad example and I’m hurting someone. Other than that, God knows what’s true and if someone else believes something about me is true that really isn’t, then too bad for them. I’m not going to lose any sleep over it!” Julio said in a controlled tone of righteous indignation.
“Unless you’re being framed for sexting. Then it does matter what others think of you.” Leena countered.
“Yeah but that problem is solved.” Julio replied with some regret.
“I feel the exact same way.” Alex smiled. “I don’t usually care about someone else’s opinion either unless they think I’m setting a bad example. If they correct me, I try to be open to it. But otherwise, just like you said, God knows what’s true and that’s good enough for me. If I’m doing something I know is right and someone criticizes me and says it’s wrong, I let my conscience guide my actions, not the opinions of other people.”
Leena looked on in wonder as she saw Alex and Julio revealing a deep inner strength and sense of self confidence in a way Leena at times lacked. That common ground caused Leena to feel a mix of feelings. On one hand she felt a bit jealous and left out of what seemed like super human emotional powers of strength that Julio and Alex shared, and on the other hand, she felt a surge of excitement to have these two as such close friends to her and such good examples by not being so easily swayed to follow the popular trends of peers and others.
“Well, it looks like you two have found something in common that you both agree on. That’s nice. Why don’t we get back to work?” Leena smiled trying to mask her mixed emotions.
“Sounds good to me.” Julio answered somewhat half-heartedly. He was more eager to have fun if the opportunity presented itself rather than to actually work. He felt like he had just been released from prison. He wanted a break from anything too serious.
“My favorite brother, Glade, has been accused by others of it just because he’s still a virgin. And I think it’s great that my older brother values virtue.” Alex said this honesty just in case Julio had also been mocked for setting a good example by placing a high value on chastity. Julio let out a heavy sigh as he wondered if maybe he had overreacted. But he said nothing more.
“So where were we?” Leena asked and then felt a sharp twinge of regret for asking as she quickly remembered Alex started out ready to lay down the law if Julio hadn’t kept up his end of the deal for getting work done for the Triple-C.
“Oh yeah, I was asking Julio what work he’d gotten done so far.” Alex smiled contentedly. Julio looked at Leena with a look of frustration as if to blame her for not doing a better job of staying off of the subject of Julio’s potentially lax attitude about his responsibilities. “Well, not to worry.” Alex said. Both Julio and Leena looked confused. “After all, Julio recalls the agreement I emailed him about a month ago, don’t you Julio? You know, the email that said what you would agree to if you didn’t do your part and you instead opted to have me do more of your work on the presentation for you. You remember, right Julio?” Alex smiled wryly.
“Yeah. I remember.” Julio said.
“And you did, in fact, read the email I sent, right?” Alex inquired of him cleverly.
“Yeah. I read it.” He lied.
“Oh good. Then you remember the part that said that I was willing to do any of the research work you didn’t do and that I would have no problems doing it. Right?”
“Yeah. That’s right.” Julio leaned back with a confident smile.
“So how much of your work have you done. Remembering that I’m happy to do most of your research work instead.”
“Hardly any of it.” Julio said relieved to not have to try and cover up his shortcomings in the research he had originally agreed to do.
“No problem.” Alex said. Julio nodded and smiled naively not even realizing what was coming but Leena knew Alex was not likely to let him off easily and so Leena lowered her head shaking it in regret for Julio’s sake as she could see Alex was coming in for the verbal contractual kill. “Well, Julio, then its settled.” Alex said.
“It’s settled.” Julio continued to smile.
“The email agreement, as I’m sure you’ll recall since you said that you read it…”
“Yes I did.” Julio lied again.
“…It said that if you chose not to respond to my email then it is correct for me to understand that you are agreeing to my terms which of course were that any research work I do that you do not do by October 15th, would cost you in Halloween candy in an effort to encourage you to acquire more healthy eating habits.”
“What?!” Julio exclaimed in shock and disbelief.
“The proceeds will be given away to a much more worthy cause. In other words, your payments due, in candy, will be used to either sell to other students at school in November, with the money raised going to fund any supplies needed for our presentation efforts, or the candy will go to the trash at my option. Unless it’s a low sugar, more healthy candy or treat.” Alex said calmly.
“I didn’t agree to that!” Julio protested.
“Oh, yes… you did.” Alex smiled slyly.
“No I did not.” Julio insisted.
“It’s in the email that you opted not to reply to.” Alex said clearly.
“Well, I’m replying now.” Julio said anxiously as he quickly grabbed his cell phone from his pocket to send a fast email back to Alex. 
Alex quickly swiped the phone out of Julio’s hands as she said, “It’s too late. You had to respond within 24 hours of the date my email was originally sent.” Leena looked on in helpless sympathy for Julio.
“Oh, for a fluffy puppy!” Julio said loudly in frustration. “Leena! Are you going to let her do this?” Julio contested. Leena said nothing but looked at Alex and shook her head giving Alex a strong, disapproving stare. 



Dingdong was the sound heard inside the house as Leena, Julio and Alex stood outside to trick-or-treat on Halloween night. All were wearing glow-in-the-dark necklaces, bracelets and other reflective gear for safety so drivers could easily see them and prevent an accident. Julio was dressed up as a King, complete with a golden crown, golden cape and a simple black top that read in a combination of silver, gold and pink glitter print: King of All Ham and Marshmallow Sandwiches. 
Alex wore a stuffy, professional looking outfit with a simple handwritten name tag that read: “Official Internal Candy Revenue Services Auditor” as she carried a clipboard with a special pen that lit up the paper for easy writing in the dark. Leena looked bored as she sucked a small lollipop while carrying both Alex’s and her own bags of candy. Feeling Alex had sucked the fun out of the evening’s candy focused festivities, Leena  felt sympathetic to Julio’s plight in anticipation of the loss of candy he would experience at nights end thanks to Alex’s unsympathetic determination to bind him to the previous email agreement. So to express her true feelings about favoring Julio over Alex in the matter without losing her own sense of humor, she wore a modest girls white t-shirt over warmer clothing. Her white t-shirt had big black letters that simply read: Save Julio.
The woman who answered the door at this home took Leena’s t-shirt literally and jumped to the mistaken conclusion that Julio was terminally ill. “What’s wrong? Are you Julio?” The woman asked him sincerely as she looked Julio up and down and dumped heaps and heaps of candy into his bag as he nodded sadly in answer to her question.
He responded with a sad and weary face, “You don’t want to know what my problems are.” His eyes then discreetly shifted to the left and right with a slight nod in the direction of the girls as if to signal quietly that the two girls with him are his weary problem.
Not quite catching on to Julio’s intended hint, the woman probed further in heartfelt concern. “You can tell me if you’d like. Sometimes it’s good for us to share our problems with others.” She then dropped a much smaller amount of candy into Leena’s and Alex’s bags. Leena’s jaw dropped as she quickly showed a sour face in silent anger over the clearly unfair and smaller amount of candy given for she and Alex compared to Julio’s much larger amount.
Julio then gave a downcast look and said, “I have Scurvy, Typhoid Fever and…”he sighed heavily and then added, ”Crickets.”
“Rickets!? Plus those other diseases? Oh, my!” The woman gasped. “You really shouldn’t be out in this weather. You could get your friends sick too!” Both Alex and Leena looked at each other and rolled their eyes over the gullibility of the woman in front of them. 
“I would give all of you a ride home but my husband has our car.” The woman offered thinking they should all be out of the cold night air.
Alex halfheartedly put her hand up in a stop signal and said, “No. We’re okay. Really. Even if you did have a car, we couldn’t accept a ride. You know. Stranger Danger.” Leena’s eyes met Alex’s as Leena made a gun shape with her hand and fired a quiet message of approval with a wink of her eye to Alex for making such a quick and smart reply.
The more the woman thought of all the diseases Julio supposedly had, the more she worried about catching something fatal herself. “Stranger Danger. Right!... Well, you kids hurry on home! It’s freezing out here!” She smiled nervously. She then backed herself further inside the house and quickly shut the door.
As the trick-or-treating Success Crew walked back down the walkway toward the sidewalk, Alex was making notes on her clipboard. 
“We’ve trick-or-treated to at least two dozen houses tonight and I bet you received more candy from that woman than from all the other houses combined.” She said looking directly at Julio.
“Hey that candy was charitable candy meant specifically for me!” Julio protested as he pointed at his chest. “She thought I was dying so that candy doesn’t count!” He was becoming desperate to fight against Alex’s obvious inclination to take most of it away as a part her accounting for his debt agreement.
“She thought you were dying because you let her think it.” Alex countered with clear disapproval.
“So?!”
“So that ‘charitable’ candy should go to a truly ‘charitable’ cause.” Alex replied proudly unrelenting.
“Which could also mean: the garbage.” Leena mumbled still sympathetic to Julio.
Julio gasped with a look of fear over the prospects of Leena’s prediction coming true as Leena reluctantly grabbed Julio’s bag of candy and smiled, “Guess we’re done trick-or-treating.” Alex and Leena left Julio to stand alone as he remained lost in thought over the idea of so much of that precious candy going to waste.
“Remember. That was the agreement. Always read the fine print, Julio. Always read the fine print.” Alex said not even bothering to look back at him as she walked away from him and towards Uncle Samuel and Manuel who were talking and waiting for them as they watched them from across the street. 
As Julio began to drag his feet reluctantly following behind them, he hung his head low and angrily mumbled, “Son of a grumpy muffin!” 
Although the next thing Julio would do would be an honest accident, he wouldn’t be able to stop the natural consequences of it… including the consequences of how Alex would react.



Chapter 20: Julio Accidentally Goofs… Something Important


In most situations Alex was generally comfortable speaking to others about money be they adults or kids her age. But today was different. She was actually surprised to find just how nervous she actually was inside over the idea of speaking to a group of adults. She went over some last things in her mind like a checklist to assure herself of tasks already done. After all, she told herself, if she was prepared then what was to fear?
So her checklist began. Was all of the projection equipment here? Check. Was the digital presentation file here? Check. Is it working? Check. Did she bring the custom laser pointer Uncle Samuel had made for her? Check. Were there plenty of adults seated and willing to listen? Check. Had she practiced her presentation at least four times? Yes. Check. She did so in front of Leena and Julio's parents, plus twice for Aunt Meredith and Uncle Samuel with Linda Wise present at the second to last rehearsal. 
But all the checking still didn't drive Alex's nervousness away. It was too late to change her mind and leave. She gave herself no other options but to do what she agreed to do: Teach a bunch of adults who were probably at least three times her own age some of the facts of life about financial retirement planning. All she could do now is hope that the Success Crew didn't get laughed out of the room. She was about to find out.
Julio had already set up a video camera to record the presentation. As Julio tied down the last loose cable, Leena made sure the audio equipment was working. "Testing... Testing," she spoke into the mic. She sounded loud and clear. She then hooked it up to Alex's clothing and gave her a quick thumbs up that Alex was ready to go.
“I want to see your multicolor laser pointer work,” Julio said enthusiastically to Alex. “When did your uncle give this to you?”
“Last night,” Alex said as she turned it on to test it out and let Julio be dazzled by it. The pen had several custom settings to combine up to three colors to show at once. She currently had it set to only two colors at once: pink and purple. The colors could show up as a simple ring of alternating laser dots of colors or as a splay of colors or as a special setting Uncle Samuel made just for Alex where the dots would show up as capital letters of “AO” for Alex Opalstone. At first she had it set to just a ring of all baby blue dots but she later decided that a splay of pink and purple dots looked cooler. Both Julio and Leena were mesmerized. Alex then turned back off her custom laser pointer and she suddenly felt her mouth was dry. “I need to go get a drink,” she said. She then went over to her water bottle to quench her thirst.
“Are you sure you don’t have the wrong presentation set to play?” Leena whispered to Julio as Alex walked away to take a sip of water before speaking.
“What do you mean?” Julio scoffed.
“You didn’t bring the version you used to play a joke on your parents before Alex came by to rehearse did you? The goofy version you made with Peter? The one with the silly pictures in it?” Leena asked sincerely worried.
Julio rolled his eyes. “Trust me. I wouldn’t screw something this important up like that.”
“Hope not,” Leena said with a ‘we’ll know soon’ look of warning to Julio in case he was wrong.
The first slide, the title slide of their presentation, was already being projected onto a large screen in the conference room of what was their first client. A large pharmaceutical company was the first one to be scheduled by the Success Crew and Alex marveled at how it was all really happening. They really did make all of those phone calls. They really did get presentation appointments where each company would pay them $350 per hour of their presentation. They really did get each client to agree to pay an additional $350 if any of their employees came up to Alex after the presentation to ask her any further questions that may delay her and the Success Crew beyond fifteen minutes of their time since they had only planned on a maximum of one hour for discussing retirement planning (with the hour intended to be solely for the presentation.) The team needed to be able to leave on time to be punctual for other appointments that may be scheduled that same day. Any delay beyond the hour presentation would cost them and they would only allow a maximum delay of thirty minutes. But Alex was business savvy enough to ensure that even though they might be delayed by only thirty minutes, they would still have enough time to be on time for the next presentation.
This was the first of thirty-two clients they had secured for business. If Alex wasn't thoroughly convinced by now that she was not dreaming, then the nearly one hundred employees who were already seated before her in stadium style seats, listening and waiting would wake her up to the fact that it was time for her to deliver to these companies what she had promised: A way for the average employee to learn what he or she needed to do to ensure a secure retirement for themselves. 
A rather tall gentleman began to speak over a microphone.
“Welcome everyone. Thank you all for attending. I’d like to also thank the Success Crew in advance for giving our company the opportunity to receive their very unique services. Clearly the most unique part of the Success Crews services is their young ages.” Nearly the entire audience chuckled. Leena and Julio looked over at Amelia and Meredith to see if the joke about their age was meant to mock. Amelia (Mrs. Lilly) was quick to give Leena and Julio a reassuring look to ignore their humor while Meredith's eyes were completely fixated on Alex in an effort to give her any encouraging looks if Alex was in need. Alex couldn't even look at Aunt Meredith. 
“We’d like the technical team to please stand so we can recognize you for your contribution to the presentation.” The emcee politely motioned toward Julio and Leena to stand. “They’re important players as part of the Success Crew from North Ivy.” As the crowd applauded, Leena graciously bowed while Julio gave a simple wave of his hand before realizing he should probably bow also. As the clapping abated, the two sat back down and returned their focus to their technical duties to run the presentation. The announcer then moved to his final introduction of the presenter herself.
"Ladies and Gentlemen, please welcome, Alex Opalstone." The audience clapped their hands for several seconds as Alex walked up to the front. Now that the brief corporate welcome and introductions were over, it was time for Alex to begin her presentation.
The slide that displayed at the start of their presentation had their website address on it. It was centered in large letters followed by a disclaimer that read just a few lines below it:
The information in this presentation is provided with the understanding that the author, company, and/or publisher are not offering these materials as accounting, legal, investing, and/or tax advice as they may relate to this presentation. The information provided is intended for educational purposes only. Questions regarding the specific accounting, legal, investing, and/or tax needs of individuals who participate in any way in this presentation should be addressed to their professional advisor. Please consult with your professional advisor.
Feeling a pang of nervousness, her face was a blush red as she said "Hello" into the mic and addressed her audience but she acted as if she had done this a hundred times already for fun. 'No big deal' was the impression she gave while remarkably still keeping a professional edge. She chose to ignore her sweaty palms as she held her specially made laser pointer and began to speak.
"How many of you here, by a show of hands, know someone who is older than you or younger who is already retired and spends most of his or her time in retirement playing golf?" Alex asked. About a third of the audience raised their hands. "Now how many of you think that spending most of your time during retirement making the world a better place by philanthropic endeavors is a better way to spend your retirement?" Nearly all of the hands were raised in response. She then asked, "Now how many of you would like to get yourselves in a position of wealth at retirement so that you can not only afford to golf, but also afford to start a charity or at least support one?" Again, nearly every hand was raised. "And how many of you actually see yourselves currently on track for a wealthy retirement where you can be a philanthropist?" Less than a dozen hands went up. "This is the problem we're here to address today.
"Now, I'm not saying that by the time I get done showing you my presentation that most of you will achieve a wealthy retirement. I'm not saying that. But what I do want you to know is that for those of you who are serious about being ready for retirement with the intent to help others because you really can afford it then I believe I can show you how. Will all of you be in a position financially or with your own personal time horizons to carry out everything I show you here perfectly? Most likely not. 
"However, if you do follow what I show you here today, then at the very least, you can save yourselves in your own philanthropic way from becoming homeless and dependent upon government money in your retirement years and in a small but no less significant way, make our country stronger and thereby make the world a better place in that way. Now, how many of you, at the very least, would like to keep yourselves from becoming homeless during what should be your 'golden years' by planning and investing now for your future?" Most of the hands go back up. "Seeing all of your hands raised now doesn't surprise me. But I will say that it's good news and it gives me hope and it should give you hope too. I only mention the sad prospects of homelessness because of some startling facts few people know about retirement planning. But you don't have to become homeless if you'll just do a few simple things to improve your overall financial strategy. Once you learn these things you really should teach them to your children as well so they have even fewer chances of becoming homeless later as adults."
"Most have you have probably heard of the idea that in order to achieve a worthy goal, you have to aim high. You need to set your sights high because chances are, on your first try, you're not going to hit your mark.. Now with retirement, you only get one chance to hit your mark. That's it. Once you reach the age of 65, you're either ready or you're not. There's no second chances. Can you delay your retirement by a year? Of course. But for most people, they'll need much more than an extra year or two to be ready if they don't get it right the first time. So here is your chance to learn how to get it right the first time. So the first thing to do is set your goal up high. Here’s an example.”
Leena then advanced to the next slide. It was a slide picture of Julio and his dad smiling as they each straddled their own bicycle. They appeared ready to happily go on a ride together. Each smiled and held tight to the handle bars of their own bike. 
This was not what Alex or anyone else expected. 
As the audience chuckled, Leena angrily nudged Julio for messing up when he assured her things were fine. Alex was mortified. Julio quickly took over as he began to nervously click past each slide––which only made things worse. The second image was of Julio beginning to fall off of his bike while his dad was still smiling and oblivious to Julio’s clumsiness next to him. The third slide showed his father still smiling and unaware as Julio was even further progressed in his fall until by the fourth slide Julio was no longer in the picture and his dad was finally reacting by awkwardly trying to quickly stop Julio from hitting the ground ––but he’s just a moment too late. 
The audience was roaring in laughter and Alex was ready to call it quits and go home.
The humiliation she felt was tremendous as she looked over at Julio and gave him a scornful look. Since Julio had finally clicked past his slides and back to the more serious and intended slides of the presentation, he slumped down into his chair as if to hide from Alex behind a sheepish grin. Neither Alex nor Leena were amused as Leena took back control of the slides.
Amelia bit her lower lip in sympathetic embarrassment for the team as she too found the slides of Julio falling down on his bike to be pretty funny and Meredith simply covered her mouth briefly and then tried to give Alex a reassuring look to keep going anyway. Alex swallowed hard and chose to get back to their presentation.
“As you can see we had some… technical difficulties,” she said as she shot another harsh look at Julio. The audience laughed more. “But let’s get back to goal setting.” Since they were on the right slide all Alex could do was hope that no other problems occurred and that the audience would still somehow take them seriously. Then the audience laughter died down.
"Please allow me to suggest the following goal for everyone here,” Alex said. She then used her laser pointer to point to the screen. A splay of pink and purple laser dots landed on the upper left corner of the screen as she read what the slide showed in all capitals: 
“SEEK TO MAKE THE WORLD A BETTER PLACE. SEE YOURSELF AS A PHILANTHROPIST. BUILD ENOUGH WEALTH WITH INTEGRITY SO YOU CAN BE THERE MORE OFTEN FOR YOUR SPOUSE AND CHILDREN FOR YOUR FAMILY, AND ALSO BUILD WEALTH TO GIVE BACK BY GIVING ANONYMOUSLY TO CHARITY.” Alex then expounded on the slide she just read. 
“Begin by giving back to people and causes that strengthen our great nation of the United States. Teach others what you have learned to achieve success financially so you could give back and teach others to do the same. The more people we empower right here in America to achieve honorable financial success, the more people can do good right here to help others to do the same by becoming financially self-reliant as well as helping others abroad.
"So what's the best and fastest way to achieve this? Here's the answer and it's vital,” she said just before she again pointed at the screen with her multicolored laser and she read the next slide that read also in all capital letters, “PUT GOD FIRST. EVERY TIME YOU GET A PAYCHECK, TAKE THE FIRST TEN PERCENT OFF THE TOP AND DONATE TO YOUR FAVORITE CHURCH OR CHARITY OF CHOICE. HAVE FAITH IN GOD THAT HE WILL HELP YOU TO ACHIEVE RETIREMENT SUCCESS IF YOU ARE WILLING TO ACHIEVE IT IN THE RIGHT WAY AND TO RECOGNIZE, DEVELOP AND USE YOUR OWN GOD-GIVEN TALENTS TO BLESS YOUR FAMILY AND OTHERS AND THEN GIVE HIM THE CREDIT AND GLORY FOR YOUR SUCCESS. 
“That's it. Any other route will be slower and less fulfilling for you." Everyone in the audience looked at Alex in quiet awe over such a bold statement. "How many of you here think that this strategy of having faith in God to achieve enough retirement wealth to help and bless your family and the world and to achieve it by your talents, by doing what you already enjoy doing and are good at how many of you think this makes sense?" Nearly every hand was raised. "I'm glad we agree. For those of you who already see this opportunity as a potential blessing for you and your family towards that end, let's get to it. If you've got a pen and paper or laptop take lots of notes because I have less than an hour to cover a lot of information. If you have any questions, please hold them until the end and ask me after. I truly hope that what you learn today will also increase in you a desire to make sure your kids learn all they need to know about money. Much of this information and more can also be found on our website."
As Leena advanced the next slide for Alex, Julio sat back casually next to her in his chair near all of the equipment and looked on watching Alex do her thing. He could see that she was really doing well so far. Neither he nor Leena had ever noticed any signs Alex was ever nervous. Alex continued their presentation with increasing confidence.
Using her custom made multicolored laser pointer, she pointed at the slide projected. "So once you've set your goal, the next thing is to believe that you can do it. You have to believe it or you won't achieve it. So believe and you'll achieve." Leena continued advancing the appropriate slides at the right times as Alex continued.
"But you can't go into this with too much of a Pollyanna perspective or you won't know how seriously the challenges are against you in your efforts to adequately secure your retirement. Here is the problem that has resulted so far with too many people having a Pollyanna view of their financial future for retirement:
“For over twenty years now approximately 95% of Americans have been retiring in poverty. So why is it that so many have less than $15,000 in income when they retire? There are several reasons. One of the first and most important reasons is that the average American doesn't learn early enough in life (such as during middle school years) just how much money is really needed to simply survive on frugally in life so as to plan to save wisely for the retirement years. So if you don't have a clear and accurate goal in mind, you're not going to be able to properly aim for the right type of success you need."
"Approximately 50% of people have less than $20,000 in their 401(k) for retirement. Those meager $20,000 savings efforts are often achieved by those who are median average to lower than average income earners. This means that for those who earn above the median average as income earners, they are in the other 50% group which usually has closer to $60,000 saved for retirement in their 401(k). When you consider the fact that most people need a bare minimum of $2 million dollars to secure a frugal retirement future to make up for rising inflation plus future taxation as well as rising healthcare costs and that retirement money needs to last longer than for previous generations–– since people are living longer–– the gap to fill between a meager $20,000 and a massive $2 million could be the Grand Canyon of financial dilemmas for the average American who is actually saving money for retirement (as about 25% or more of eligible workers don't even contribute to their 401(k) which is a recipe for ruin).
"Ultimately, unless you change the way you invest your assets while simultaneously dramatically increase the percentage amount of your income that you save for retirement, your retirement may become a financial nightmare of close calls with (if not guaranteed) poverty and homelessness throughout your last two or three decades of life."
Several people in the audience gasped and began to squirm in their seats over the shock of the facts. But Alex knew this was exactly what people need to hear, so she continued.
"But unfortunately, most employers are not doing enough to help their employees navigate the waves of retirement planning. They seem to be dancing to the same tune as the government: 'It's not my fault you didn't know.' That catchy song-and-dance is going to cause our country and it's citizens to catch a nasty virus of poverty that will spread faster than the black plague and ruin even more lives unless everyone learns what they have a right to learn and do whatever is in their power as individuals to do to save themselves from what is certain financial doom for all who either turn a blind eye or give up when there's more that can be done. 
“Some of you may not be able to solve all of your retirement challenges within the next ten years but anything you can do is better than nothing. If you can ensure at least one additional year of adequate savings, isn't that worth it? Or is cutting back one less year of potential poverty out of your future by learning now what you can do now not worth your future security or the future security of your loved ones? Or maybe some of you think that you can handle being homeless easier when you're old and grey as opposed to preventing that near certain likelihood for yourself by doing what you must do , not should do, now.” She paused briefly before continuing.
“Although you will be hearing some pretty hard facts about money and the challenges most face when planning and implementing a successful retirement strategy, just remember one thing: you can do it. It may be hard, but you can do it. If there's any country in this world that has the greatest opportunity for financial success it's right here in the good old U.S. of A. And you are about to learn just how to do it."
Alex went onto explain the problems with so many 401 (k)s, mutual funds, annuities, 403 (b)s and other retirement plans and the problems of not watching the expense ratios, commissions, portfolios and other potential problems. She discussed the positive sides of any that existed and hoped the audience understood and was keeping up. 
“Maybe this next illustration will help." Leena then advanced to what was probably hers and Julio's favorite slide. The two smiled at one another as the slide showed a digitally generated picture of a haunted house at night. The dark and creepy image includes a computer generated night sky with a full moon, bats and a variety of additional eerie things that seem to lurk near in the dark.
"Have you ever seen those horror movies that have a haunted house and someone goes inside only to get a really strong vibe like a whisper that says "Get out!"?  Well, that's the same strong vibe you could be getting anytime you find you have been sold an actively managed fund. 
“Now imagine a much less scary house, like a nice warm home you might see, say, at Christmas time. There are lovely lights on the exterior and a beautifully decorated tree on display in a window. As you approach this friendly home, think of it as a low-cost Index fund. There's a nice welcome mat at the front door entrance because low-cost Index funds welcome equal market returns which means more money for you, the investor, generally speaking, than actively managed funds. 
“So if you're in a hot mutual fund with your 401(k) or IRA or other retirement investment, if you're seeing  negative returns then you're like most others who are in actively managed funds. Therefore you should not be surprised to, metaphorically speaking, feel that warning whisper to "Get out!" as you have found yourself in the haunted house of mutual funds. You're being haunted by the ghost of Once Upon A Time investment returns that for maybe only a year or two provided better than a target market benchmark in returns and had lots of people bragging. But now since that same fund has been sagging under the weight of average annual negative returns, it's not a coincidence for you to get scary chills and have a strong desire to ‘get out.’ 
“So you may want to find out if having your money peacefully at home in a passively managed index fund that has a happy low expense ratio of only about a quarter of a percent (or less if possible) is right for you. Otherwise you’ll probably be suckered into an expensive and ghostly investment. But, there is still a chance that none of these savings retirement plans mentioned so far are right for you. You’ve got to do your own homework even despite low expense ratios and passively managed funds.
She discussed the benefits of hiring a fee-only Registered Investment Advisor and encouraged the audience to consider the pros and cons of hiring them. She discussed the strengths of using asset allocation to determine how to invest in a way the investor may be comfortable with. There were a few slides she used to show the pros and cons of diversification, the problems of misleading information that create investment myths of expensive, actively managed funds (also called hyperactively managed) and some other slides were used to review almost every kind of annuity. The advantages and disadvantages of investing in ETFs as a means of significantly increasing the chances for getting superior returns more consistently was something she went over in some detail as well as discussing further ETF's or low cost, passively managed index funds. 
After going over other investment topics such as calculated risks, risk tolerance tests, certified financial planners, defined benefit plans vs. defined contribution plans, stocks, bonds, commodities and IRAs, she brought up a subject most people hate: taxes.
“Keep in mind that ordinary income tax rates for the future are very difficult to accurately predict. Here is some contrasting information for Pre-retirement tax rate versus postretirement tax rate and things that can impact your tax rate: Tax breaks will be different, maybe fewer. You probably won't have any dependents to claim for tax breaks during retirement (no, your dog named 'Bingo' doesn't count). If you don't have a mortgage during your retirement years, you won't have that as a tax break. You get the idea. If you become single during retirement, such as if you survive the death of your spouse, this means your tax status changes to require you to file as a single person which is likely to put you in a higher tax bracket. If you decide to pursue your life's dream during retirement to teach golf lessons as a means of supporting your golf habits, that income will change how you are taxed. Or any employment that causes enough of a significant increase in your total earnings could also put you in a higher tax bracket.
"There are lots of variables that can affect your retirement without also having to deal with the headaches of insufficient planning and insufficient saving that so often occur with most people who then find they are retiring in poverty. Spending your golden years in what could be termed the Haunted House of Retirement Myths by retiring broke is not exactly the American retirement dream. 
"Overall, you may discover that many fee only Registered Investment Advisors may tell you that a good 401(k) plan (or 403(b) or 457(b) plan) will offer options that allow at least three ETFs, or low cost index funds or passively managed funds. But it all depends. Those same advisors may also confirm that annuities are extremely expensive. If you have very poor health and are looking for a death benefit to pass onto a loved one –– especially if you don't qualify for additional life insurance –– then an annuity may actually be a good choice for you but it all depends. Otherwise, you may learn that advisors may discourage you from investing in annuities as a means of saving for retirement as they are usually too costly.
“Now, some of you may be wondering, Well, should we put our money in the stock market or not? Although there are some wealthy people that still have money in the market, they realize they are taking a risk by doing so. It’s a calculated risk. Ultimately, the only amount of money you should have in stocks or bonds is only the amount you can afford to lose. I’m going to repeat that because it’s important. So if you missed it the first time, here it is again: The only amount of money you should have in stocks or bonds is only the amount you can afford to lose.
“I can see that for many of you this really was shocking information. I understand that. But wouldn’t you rather have the truth than be caught off guard, waking up one day in your car as one of the thousands of working homeless here in the U.S.?
"Now, in closing, I'd like to mention something about how teen pregnancy and the problems of retirement saving as a parent have some important ties. If this information doesn't convince you to sit down with your young children and talk with them about some of the facts of life about money, then consider this: If your teenager gets pregnant and decides to keep and raise the baby, the chances of them pushing you and/ or themselves (and their baby) into homelessness significantly increases since if you as a responsible adult don't have enough saved for retirement then you probably don't even have enough saved for emergencies either and this means that even if your teenager never gets pregnant before getting married then you still have a significant chance for becoming homeless yourself as you try to handle your retirement years financially (if you don't do more to adequately prepare for retirement now). Your teenager needs to understand ASAP just how hard it is for you financially now as a responsible, hardworking adult so that he or she doesn't get the dangerous impression that you will financially support him or her in full –– especially if your daughter becomes a single parent (since this often happens to daughters more than sons).
"And if your teenager still doesn't 'get it' then explain to him or her that the majority of American's are living paycheck to paycheck which means that they are literally one missed paycheck away from becoming homeless since so few American's have enough in savings to help them get by until the next job comes along. So all in all, getting pregnant as a teenager is an almost guaranteed way to become potentially permanently homeless long before retirement. Certainly your teen (who has to care for her particularly vulnerable child once she becomes a single parent) won't see living under a bridge or in a car or in a homeless shelter where other men or women try to steal your stuff from you while you sleep (so they can sell it for money as so few shelters provide you a locker) as a glamorous or successful way to live. And of course there are much worse crimes you become an easy target for when you are homeless. 
"Don't let that happen to your kids. Talk to them now about what everything really costs and how hard it is to be financially successful, how hard it is to thrive unless you learn what you need to learn about money ASAP. And make sure you teach them with love. Use gentle tones and be optimistic by reassuring them that they can learn it and that you believe that he or she will get it right for lasting happiness and prosperity in life. They need to learn this but the message needs to be given with love so they see you as a loving, trusting, wise and helpful ally not as an enemy.
"Remember learning what you need to learn and also teaching your children is a must do not a should do. You can learn it. You can do what you need to greatly improve your own financial future and your kids can learn it and do it right too. 
"Going back to what I said at the start, consider making the following goal your own: SEEK TO MAKE THE WORLD A BETTER PLACE. SEE YOURSELF AS A PHILANTHROPIST. BUILD ENOUGH WEALTH WITH INTEGRITY SO YOU CAN BE THERE MORE OFTEN FOR YOUR SPOUSE AND CHILDREN ENJOY BEING WITH YOUR FAMILY, AND ALSO BUILD WEALTH TO GIVE BACK BY GIVING ANONYMOUSLY TO CHARITY. 
“Start by strengthening our own nation first. What's the best and fastest way to achieve this? PUT GOD FIRST. EVERY TIME YOU GET A PAYCHECK, TAKE THE FIRST TEN PERCENT OFF THE TOP AND DONATE TO YOUR FAVORITE CHURCH OR CHARITY OF CHOICE.HAVE FAITH IN GOD THAT HE WILL HELP YOU TO ACHIEVE RETIREMENT SUCCESS IF YOU ARE WILLING TO ACHIEVE IT IN THE RIGHT WAY AND TO RECOGNIZE, DEVELOP AND USE YOUR OWN GODGIVEN TALENTS TO BLESS YOUR FAMILY AND OTHERS AND THEN GIVE HIM THE CREDIT AND GLORY FOR YOUR SUCCESS.
“My name is Alex Opalstone and on behalf of myself and the Success Crew of North Ivy Academy, thank you for the opportunity to speak to you today."
The final slide looked just as the slide that displayed at the start of their presentation as it had their website address on it that was centered in large letters followed by a disclaimer that read just a few lines below it: The information in this presentation is provided with the understanding that the author, company, and/or publisher are not offering these materials as accounting, legal, investing, and/or tax advice as they may relate to this presentation. The information provided is intended for educational purposes only. Questions regarding the specific accounting, legal, investing, and/or tax needs of individuals who participate in any way in this presentation should be addressed to their professional advisor. Please consult with your professional advisor.
The audience applauded her as she walked over to Julio and Leena. Amelia and Meredith were quick to go over to the crew and congratulate everyone for a great presentation. The emcee then returned to the front of the room and said thank you again to the Success Crew on behalf of the company. Employees were then excused to return to their workstations but some of them came by and made some comments to Alex as she was unhooking her mic.
The first man to come by looked visibly frustrated as he tried to restrain himself enough to speak calmly to Alex. "I'm Sixty-two years old..." he stopped himself from finishing his angry complaint. He then gave Alex a long angry stare before walking away and mumbling, "Save twenty-five percent." He then turned back and looked at her again while walking away and said, "A bunch of thirteen-year-olds have a far better chance of retiring securely than I do. That's pathetic!" 
The young crew looked dumbfounded over the man’s angry remarks. But before they could get too caught up over what may have provoked such hostility, another man came up and thanked them for such an informative presentation before returning to work. While a few others also thanked them still others walked by with facial expressions of either frustration or worry. Both Amelia and Meredith noticed the mix of expressions of appreciation and uneasiness by various company employees on their way back to work and Alex looked to them as if to ask what went wrong. She knew the information would be hard for some to hear but she hoped more people would be grateful for her simple intent to help them retire happy and more prosperously. 
Meredith could see the worry on Alex's own face and she felt it was more important to look on the bright side so she counseled Alex, "Focus on the grateful faces. In time, those who may worry now may be grateful later." Meredith smiled warmly as she stroked Alex's head. Meredith then put her arm around Alex as they watched the employees return to work. 
As Leena and Julio began packing up their equipment, Alex did her best to smile and focus on the gratitude expressed by various employees of the company. But she could feel something wasn’t quite right. It felt like something was missing from their presentation. And what was worse was that she felt like there was something in the future that was going to be horrible. It was if something outside of her, something out in the city was going to happen. Or was it something across the state? Or even bigger. Something across the country. It seemed like something big, something beyond her control was going to change. She worried and wondered how soon? How soon?



Chapter 21: Making New Enemies


The memory of the man that complained after the presentation haunted Alex. She couldn’t get out of her mind his comment about not being able to save twenty-five percent for retirement. She had to do something to get some peace so she sat down at her desk in her bedroom and went to work. It was a Friday night and she worked all through the night and on into the next morning. She kept at it, turning away invitations from Meredith to play or go with her grocery shopping but stepping into the kitchen from time to time only for a quick meal before she went back to study more in her room. Alex was determined to get to the bottom of the problem. When Sunday morning came, Alex finally fell asleep. 
“Samuel, something is wrong.” Meredith whispered to Samuel just after peeking into Alex’s bedroom to see her sleeping when it was over an hour past when she would normally be awake.
“With what?” Samuel asked confused.
“Alex. She’s hardly left her room in two days.”
“Two days?” Samuel could see that would definitely be a problem. But, since he had been busy working himself, he hadn’t noticed.
“Almost two days.” Meredith’s eyes furrowed in worry.
“What do you think is going on? New boyfriend? Texting him all day and night? She’s too young for that.”
“No. Not a boyfriend.”
“Well, then what?”
“I think there’s a problem with her presentation. When she was in the kitchen eating yesterday I brought some clean laundry into her room. She had all of these financial reports spread out everywhere. Statistics and historical news and other stuff about the U.S. dollar and gold…and farming.” Meredith looked especially bewildered when she said farming.
“You think Alex wants to become a farmer?” Samuel asked in a most serious tone. “Now, that’s trouble! I’ll put a stop to that this instant!” He said sarcastically as he threw down a hand towel he was using and began to march over to Alex’s room.
“Get back here!” Meredith smiled knowing Samuel was only joking about getting Alex in trouble for farming.
“There will be no farmers in this house! Drug dealers are okay. But farmers?…No way!” he smiled sarcastically as he returned to Meredith who was already pulling his arm to keep him from getting very far.
“Silly, handsome husband,” Meredith smiled and hugged him close to her. “It’s not farming that’s the problem.”
“I know. It’s the drug dealers,” he shrugged. “They need to be put in jail. Every last one of them!” he smiled but he could see Meredith wanted him to become even more serious for a minute.
“Samuel…” she pleaded. 
“Obviously it’s not farming that’s the problem.” He agreed seriously. “Two days without socializing with anyone at home is definitely an indicator something is wrong.” He was truly serious. He hugged and then kissed her before returning to the kitchen counter where he was slicing an apple. 
“What could be wrong with her presentation? Linda looked over it before Alex gave it.” He was worried but he tried to stay positive.
“Well, what if Linda made a recommendation that Alex didn’t follow?”
“Or what if Alex didn’t tell Linda everything? Or what if Alex changed the presentation after discussing it with Linda?”
“Contrary to what Linda advised?”
“Maybe.”
Meredith sneaked back over to look in Alex’s bedroom. “Oh…I don’t know.” Alex was still sleeping so Meredith tip-toed back over to Samuel. “What if…”
“What?” Samuel asked worried.
“Do you think she …”
“What? What? Don’t leave me hanging! Spit it out! Just say it! What?” Samuel pushed anxiously just before taking a bite of apple.
“I just have this feeling that she discovered something that she’s afraid to tell us about. Or afraid to tell…someone.” Meredith folded her arms across her chest and felt a sudden chill. “I don’t know. I just sense fear.”
“I’ve got it! I’ve got it!” Alex said loudly as she ran over to Meredith and Samuel in the kitchen. “Aunt Meredith? Can you drop me off at Leena’s for an emergency Triple-C meeting?” Alex requested eagerly as she quickly put on a jacket over her shirt. “Please? Please?”
“Ummm…okay,” Meredith replied hesitantly. 
“Thank you! Thank you!” Alex sounded out of breath as she ran back into her bedroom and grabbed her black-n-white checkered back pack and a few other things.
“Find out what’s up.” Samuel whispered to Meredith in a way that encouraged her to be both gentle and discreet. He then picked up his cell phone and dialed a number as he headed to the kitchen table.



In the living room of the Lilly home, Meredith watched Alex and Leena run up the stairs together with Julio trailing close behind.
“Nearly two whole days?” Amelia looked shocked. “That seems so unlike her.”
“No. It’s not like her at all,” Meredith confirmed with a very serious look. “I’m worried.”
“I don’t blame you. What do you think it could be?”
“Shhh…Do you hear that?” Meredith asked as she looked into a nearby room. Amelia looked over in the direction Meredith looked and knew instantly what she heard. 
“Why do I hear their voices downstairs when I know they’re upstairs?” Meredith asked confused. Amelia gave her a knowing look and led the way over into the kitchen. The two paused to stand next to a wall that had an intercom.
“They must have left it on in Leena’s room,” Amelia whispered away from the intercom.
“We can hear everything.” Meredith whispered hesitantly. “We really shouldn’t eavesdrop, should we?” She looked to Amelia for a decision. Amelia simply raised one eyebrow, gave a sly smile and leaned in to listen. Meredith quietly joined her. Leena was talking.
“What’s the school going to do with the money we keep bringing in for the charities? Where does it go? In a bank?” Leena wondered as she noticed her cell phone battery was low. She plugged in her phone to charge it and then turned to listen to Alex.
“Probably in a charitable trust. That’s my guess.” Alex answered without looking at her. Julio and Leena could tell something was wrong.
“So why the big emergency meeting?” Leena asked curiously.
“Did either one of you hear when one of the guys, after the presentation, came over to me and mumbled a complaint? Something about it being too hard to save twenty-five percent for retirement?” Alex asked them in a tone that showed she practically begged them to remember.
“Was that the guy with the grey hat? Like 1940’s style?” Leena wondered.
“Yes!” Alex was thrilled she remembered.
“Yeah. He said something about us having a better chance at retiring than he did.”
“Thank you for remembering, Leena!” Alex smiled.
“So what’s so important about it? Why the sudden emergency meeting here?” Julio asked with clear frustration. “I was less than five minutes from beating my cousin’s record high score in a combat video game. But instead of breaking that record, I’m here. So this better be good,” he scowled. Alex simply handed him a bag of marshmallows. “We’re good.” Julio smiled. “I love emergency meetings.” He was instantly content as he opened the bag and helped himself to a marshmallow.
“Okay. I’ve been doing some research and some math.” Alex sat down on the edge of Leena’s bed and opened up her laptop. Leena sat next to her and looked at the screen while Julio sat on the other side of Alex. With Alex in the middle, she began to pull up some slides she made to explain why the man complained.
“This is The Financial Math f Hope versus Despair.”
“What is?” Julio asked with a mouthful of marshmallows.
“Is it this math?” Leena asked as she pointed at the slide.
“Yes.” Alex replied.
“It’s simple addition. That looks pretty easy.”
“But there was some multiplication and division that was used to get some of these figures,” Alex added as an afterthought.
“So what does it all mean?” Julio asked as he shoved another handful of marshmallows into his mouth. “What’s this?” he asked as he pointed at the first figure.
“That’s the minimum percentage that Americans should be striving to save for emergencies,” Alex answered patiently. “There are so many things that can push a person into a life of poverty and homelessness unless they earn enough to handle the assortment of financial catastrophes that can come along in a person’s life. So far, I’ve figured there are five main categories that people should save for – and that’s just to handle emergencies. Then when you add the need to save for retirement and also handle taxes and insurance and just the cost to live life…it all gets really expensive. And this is all still while living frugally,” She said throwing her hands in the air in exasperation. “Why aren’t we all thinking more about these things. Something has got to change.”
“Well, maybe we can help with that,” Julio smiled softly to cheer up Alex.
“What were the five emergency accounts you were thinking people should save for?” Leena asked to get the ball rolling. After all, if they were going to make changes to their presentation, they might as well consider what those changes might be now.
“Personal medical, like for a negative diagnosis for some disease like cancer or for some major surgery like if you get into a car accident or some other medical needs. Then there’s a loved ones major unplanned needs – so like if your spouse gets sick or your child gets sick or your parents or something else goes wrong with someone you care about and if they can’t afford to solve their problems –– especially if their problems were through no fault of their own, you can help them pay for their needs.” Alex paused for a moment to consider how bad things can get for people financially. It was mind-boggling. She continued.
“One of the biggest risks along with medical problems is the risk of income loss. Income loss can occur from a job loss, the death of a working spouse, a divorce or even an income producing investment that loses money – like the temporary loss of income that occurs when a rental property sits vacant until it gets rented out again (like with real estate). There’s also the risks of personal property damage, like if your house gets flooded from a plumbing problem or if a tree falls on your roof or if your car gets hit by someone who can’t afford to fix it – lots of things. And there’s the legal risk of needing to either prosecute someone or pay for a defense attorney. So that would require having an emergency litigation account ready. That’s five different kinds of emergencies anyone can face multiple times over their life. Life is expensive.”
“Wait, wait, wait,” Julio said as he brushed his hands together to clean off any marshmallow mess. “Give me that. Let me see something for a second.” He then grabbed Alex’s laptop and placed it on his lap. He did some quick math in his head. “That’s ten years worth of work you’re suggesting people do in just one year.” He sighed and shook his head. “What the heck?”
“I know.” Alex sighed.
“Yeah. This is a problem.”
“Would somebody please tell me what’s going on?” Leena squeamishly requested.
“People have to earn more money in order to save enough for retirement. Am I right?” Julio asked Alex.
“Bingo!” Alex gave Julio a high-five.
“But most people can’t afford to quit their low paying jobs to do something else…and that’s basically what they’d have to do.”
“Not necessarily.” Alex disagreed politely. “They could still work for their current employer. They would just need to work fewer hours at their jobs so they have more free time to work on earning a more sufficient income like through starting their own business or inventing something lots of people need and would buy.”
“You think a lot of companies would do that? Just let people work less when they need really them?” Leena asked innocently.
“Maybe the company could help their employees get rich on the side and then the employees would be more motivated to keep working some hours for the company…since they helped them get rich.” Julio was enjoying coming up with good ideas to help people.
“That’s exactly what I was thinking about last night, Julio!” Alex added excitedly as she turned to face him. “But there’s one problem.”
“What problem?”
“Have you ever heard of a billionaire named Linda Wise?”
“Yeah. Isn’t that the lady building the new museum?” Leena asked.
“Exactly!” Alex replied turning back towards Leena. “I asked her about this same idea about a week ago. She said to me that for the past fifteen years she’s experimented with that idea to help her own employees become financially successful, more self-reliant. She said she’s been emailing a survey every year to her employees that they could answer anonymously. The survey basically asked them how many of her employees would like to work less hours while also receiving the benefit of an educational program that would teach them how to use their spare time to become financially self-reliant since she knew it just wasn’t in the company budget to afford super high, but more sufficient salaries for most of her employees.”
“What happened?” Julio asked as he tossed his bag of marshmallows in the air several times.
“She said that the first year she offered it that about a dozen employees signed up to work less and get more free time to pursue their own wealth. But only three of them stuck with it and made it. All three are still employed by her but most of the ones that quit trying to succeed just got scared of failure. They didn’t really stick it out. They liked the paycheck to paycheck way of living because they didn’t have to do much. They didn’t have to motivate themselves to go and achieve on their off hours.”
“It didn’t work?”
“It did work…just not as well as she hoped. Each year the numbers of people that signed up either dropped or stayed about the same. Overall, she learned that people have a hard time believing they can succeed. She also learned that some of them for some reason believe that it’s bad to have so much money…”
“How can it be bad to have what you really need? This math is clear. People need lots of money in order to have enough saved for emergencies.” Julio couldn’t believe people could be so irrational about the benefits of wealth.
“I don’t know why some people think having money is bad.”
“Most people know having enough money is good. It’s good to be prepared. Your math just shows them how much more they really need, that’s all,” Leena chimed in.
“That’s true. Most people do believe it’s good to earn enough. Most people are good and they would do good things with their money if they were more successful and wise in their budgeting.” Alex said as she grabbed Julio’s flying bag of marshmallows. She set the bag down. He was annoying her. “They just have to face the fact that they need to earn…a lot more money.”
“That sucks though.” Julio sighed and then handed the laptop back over to Alex. “People have a hard time believing they can succeed financially. So that’s why so few people ever get rich.”
“But we still have to convince them that they can do it as long as they’re able to work,” Alex said as she studied her math again. “People need to believe in themselves enough to be successful. They also need to surround themselves with people that will encourage their success and be happy for them, not get jealous and be skeptical or negative about their better financial aspirations. We’ve got to convince them they can do it.”
“Good luck with that.” Julio added sarcastically. 
“So what does that mean for our presentation?” Leena asked still fearful of the meaning of the emergency meeting.
“We’ve got to scrap it. We can’t use it. We should’ve showed them this math.” Alex felt sick to her stomach over the possible repercussions. She knew they didn’t have a choice if they were going to get the truth out to the masses of baby boomers and others interested in true financial prosperity. 
“Why didn’t we?” Leena asked in frustration.
“I didn’t have it yet, Leena!” Alex responded with even greater frustration than Leena had shown. “Don’t you think I would have if I had it?”
“It’s a good thing we’ve only done one presentation so far.” Julio tried to fake some optimism. “We should get this math to the company we just presented to.”
“I’m thinking the same thing,” Alex agreed.
“So what do we tell people?” Leena seemed worried.
“We explain to them that they can’t save enough. Not on their $50,000 dollar average income. And not with the current tax laws. The laws put limits on how much people can contribute to a 401(k). They have to add other strategies. Other savings plans…as well as earn enough.” Alex sighed heavily and thought out loud as she mumbled again, “They have to earn enough.”
“Just ten times the amount they’re earning now. That’s all,” Julio shrugged with a bitterly sarcastic face.
“But our parents are doing it, right? So other people can do it too,” Leena said with optimistic naiveté.
“Our parents make up less than one half of one percent of the population as it pertains to earning money, Leena.” Alex sounded tired because she was after nearly forty-eight hours of non-stop study. 
“That’s the equivalent of earning the gold in the Olympics. But we’re talking now about…financial Olympics.” Julio added as he laid back on the bed. He wiped a hand down his face. “We’re toast.”
“We’re not toast,” Alex corrected Julio quickly. “We just have to show them this. This is our new presentation.”
“Okay, Captain Correct-o,” Julio said sarcastically.
“Why can’t people save twenty-five percent or more on their smaller incomes?” Leena asked innocently. “Has anyone ever been able to?”
“That’s an excellent point. It was easier for people to save money they needed for emergencies and future retirement back when inflation wasn’t so high. It was so much easier to be financially self-reliant then. But inflation has pushed the backs of over 95% of Americans to the wall financially. Over 95% of Americans are living paycheck to paycheck.”
“That’s it!” Julio popped back up and sat up straight next to Alex. “We’ll solve the problem of inflation and save America! Let’s stop inflation, Alex.”
“You can’t really stop it…but you can control it.”
“Okay. So how do we control it? Once we do that, everyone’s life will be easier financially.”
“That’s easier said than done.”
“So you actually know how to control inflation?” Leena was wide-eyed and ready to see Alex perform a huge miracle. 
“Yeah…we just have to go back onto the gold standard. Or a bimetallic one, like using silver and gold. We’ll either choose it freely through a return to smart legislation or we’ll practically be forced to use that wisdom once the dollar fails. And it’s likely to fail really soon.
“What do you mean, ‘when the dollar fails’?” Julio asked.
“For several decades the dollar has been more like play money, fake money like you’d get in a toy store to pretend it’s real. But inflation has reduced the U.S. dollar’s purchasing power. So whether we go back onto the gold standard or a bimetallic standard, we’ll have to do something for sure after the dollar becomes worthless. But people need to get ready now by having their own emergency savings. They need to have their own year’s supply of water and food, reliable shelter and other needs for when the U.S. dollar becomes worthless. There are lots of wise and successful Americans that have already, in fact, pulled totally out of the market. They no longer own any paper investments. No stocks. No bonds. Nothing on paper because when the U.S. dollar, which is paper, fails, then all other paper fails because all paper is is a promise of value but that promise isn’t backed by gold. 
“That’s how close the United States is to a total economic collapse?” Julio asked in shock.
“Yep. When multimillionaires and billionaires are pulling totally out if the market, you know something bad is going to happen soon.” Alex said as she sat her laptop over on a pillow. “Even gold certificates could be worthless when the dollar fails. Personally, I wouldn’t want certificates. I’d want only what I could hold in my hand, like actual physical gold coins or bars and other precious metals in my own safe that’s bolted down in my home. Tangible goods. That’s what the smart multimillionaires and billionaires have done. They’ve got physical gold, physical silver, actual water storage, food storage–– at least a year’s worth of food and water. Hygiene kits. Everything. They’re self-reliant in practically every way needed so they won’t need a store to buy stuff once the stores are all sold out of everything.”
“Did you know that there are safes that will silently alert you if they are being moved while you’re away? So if you’re at school and someone is trying to physically remove your entire safe from your room at home, it will quietly send you a text or a phone call with a message that there could be a problem like a burglary in progress at your house. The thieves won’t know that you’re being warned. Pretty cool, huh?” Julio smiled.
“Very cool,” Alex nodded in agreement as he gave her a high five.
“So it’s a good thing that you said in our first presentation that the only amount of money people should have in bonds or stocks is the amount they can really afford to lose.” Leena said thoughtfully.
“Yeah. That’s true. People should only have the amount of money in the markets that they can afford to lose…which for most people living paycheck to paycheck could be…zero.”
“So we go back onto the gold standard. Sounds great.” Julio smiled cheerfully as he dug in his bag for more marshmallows.
“No…we make the argument to go back onto the gold standard...and then…” Alex hesitated.
“Then what?” Leena asked anxiously.
Alex looked over at Leena and smiled shyly before finishing her thought. “Then hire Julio’s dad to protect us from the fallout.” Alex was smiling sheepishly at Leena but Alex had never been more serious.
“Why would my dad need to protect us?” Julio asked curiously as he stared at Alex.
“Well…” Alex cleared her throat. “The prices of practically everything would drop dramatically. Like less than a dollar for gas. Ten cents for bread. Buying a car for about two or three grand. Things would return to normal…like they were before we went off of the gold standard.”
“So that’s great!” Leena smiled widely.
“Yeah and we’d need to go back to the time when land was inherited instead of bought and homes were built most of the time without mortgages. No debt. Lots of food self-reliance, like farming. We’d also create even greater technological advances in practically every good way you can imagine. No more poor people. No more living paycheck to paycheck.” Alex sighed more heavily wondering if they understood how serious the real concern was.
“Wow!” Leena giggled. “That’s great for everybody!”
“Not everybody.” Alex said soberly with her finger pointing for emphasis.
“So who wouldn’t like all of that?” Leena asked innocently.
“Oh no,” Julio said leaving his jaw dropped open.
“Are you seeing where I’m going with this?”
“That’s a problem.” His eyes grew wide. “That’s a big, big problem.”
“Very big,” Alex confirmed.
“Very big problem,” Julio nodded his head in somber agreement.
“Would somebody tell me what’s wrong?” Leena was nearly in tears.
“No debt, Leena. No debt.” Julio answered. “If only a few people need debt…
“…such as just for starting a business” Alex chimed in.
“Then what does that mean for people like your dad?” Julio asked encouraging her to think more.
“I don’t know. Just tell me!”
“Your dad’s job could be eliminated. He’d be unemployed…along with a lot of very rich…”
“And powerful…”
“Evil people.” Julio finished.
“No more need for so many government tax based welfare programs.” Alex looked at Julio and was glad he understood. He shook his head.
“That’s a lot of rich and powerful people that could lose their power to control others. They wouldn’t be able to oppress by debt and economic dependence.” Julio closed his eyes tightly as he realized just how many enemies they might make with rich and powerful people by telling the truth. “They’re going to be so, so angry with us for helping people learn the truth. We could free so many people with this information.”
“Because going back onto backing currency with gold and letting people inherit land to farm on and build on makes them far more free and independent than they are now. Powerful people that make their living by oppressing and limiting freedom won’t like that. No more need for credit cards means no more need for APRs or credit card fees. We’re talking about the kind of unprecedented financial independence among Americans as being the norm. No more need for food stamps or social security or dependence on public transportation because most everyone will be…”
“Rich.” Leena finally got it.
“No more poor people,” Alex smiled softly.
“Billionaires in the banking and financial services industry would lose tons of money. Maybe billions of dollars.” Julio pounded his hand against his forehead a few times in frustration over the kinds of enemies they could make.
“Powerful politicians no longer able to justify taxes and wasteful spending. No more need to budget billions of tax dollars for various welfare programs. Those are huge losses of power. Huge. Politicians possibly getting a drastic cut in their paychecks…maybe even earning only the median average income just like everyone else.”
Julio quickly hopped off the bed to go race home. He knew they would all need serious personal protection now that they knew what they did. “I need to go talk to my dad right away.”
“Not before you talk with us,” Amelia stood in the doorway with Meredith.
“You left this on.” Meredith then clicked off the intercom by the door on Leena’s bedroom wall. “We heard everything.”
“Oh no.” Alex sighed.
“Don’t worry. Things are going to be fine.” Meredith smiled.
“We’ve already spoken with your dad Julio.” Amelia looked seriously at the Success Crew. “You can show them your math and still be safe. He’s on his way over. We’ve got a plan.”



As Alex walked the halls of North Ivy with other students, she saw and overheard another student call a nearby passing girl “fat.” Alex didn’t know either of them nor what grade they were in. But that didn’t stop her from walking right up to the boy who did it and chastising him in front of other students.
“That’s rude! You shouldn’t call her ‘fat.’ You know better than that. How would you like it if someone insulted you in front of a bunch of other people?” The boy just stood there and scoffed. He wasn’t expecting anyone –– especially a cute girl like Alex –– to object to his choice to insult someone else so he wasn’t sure quite how to handle it. The pressure of all eyes upon him caused him to freeze in his tracks. He tried to hide his insecurity of others looks of disapproval by acting like he was cool. He hoped Alex would walk away soon but she had only begun. The clearly overweight girl who was the recipient of his insult, Heidi, stood nearby to watch Alex stand up in her protective defense. Alex was trying to prevent this guy from every bullying again and the girl didn’t want to miss it. She spoke to him further.
“Look. I don’t know who you are or what grade you’re in but I believe you’re smart enough to know that, generally speaking, when you treat people well the chances you’ll impress other people skyrocket through the roof. Being kind to others isn’t weak in most situations. But being someone who enjoys destroying someone else’s sense of self-worth is about as weak as it gets. Even if you’re ‘just kidding’, if you don’t make sure they know you’re kidding and make sure that they’re okay with it, you might find you’re crushing them to death and what happens if they commit suicide? I’m not saying this girl will commit suicide over what you just said but the fact is, we just don’t know what might happen if we choose to insult someone else today. You don’t know that your insult wasn’t the twentieth or thirtieth one she’s heard from someone since she woke up this morning. Do you want to be the one who pushes her over the edge in heartache? I wouldn’t want to be someone callous enough to do that. Think about it for a minute. When someone did something super nice for you, that probably made you feel good and then you liked that person even more. You can be popular and cool while treating people with consideration and compassion if you’ll just believe it. Try it more often and you’ll prove it more often. What’s your name?”
“Dale,” he replied cautiously. He was impressed by what Alex said. She spoke the truth and he knew it and she wasn’t even insulting about it.
“Well Dale, prove me if I’m wrong but I’m telling you I’m not. And I can guarantee you another thing. If I ever hear you insulting someone else again, this won’t be the last conversation we have. Do the right thing and you’ll be all the cooler for it. Why don’t you find something to compliment her on instead?”
Alex then looked over at Heidi’s shoes. “Those are cool. I like boots. Where did you get them?”
“They were a gift from my sister,” Heidi answered somewhat shyly.
“Sweet! Your sister must be pretty nice sometimes, huh?” Alex asked her as the crowd around them grew larger.
Heidi smiled, “Sometimes.”
Alex nodded with a warm smile but her smile faded somewhat after she turned her attention back to Dale. “Think about what I just said and see if I’m not trying to get you the best results in life for more success – which is the exact opposite you did for her. Man up and apologize to her. If you do it now you’ll have less of a guilty conscience later. Be cool, man. These other people around here may not be looking out for you now but I am. Be cool. Apologize.
Dale swallowed hard and walked over to Heidi.
“I’m sorry for insulting you. That was lame of me to do,” Dale said as sincerely since he could for he wasn’t used to apologizing to others. He knew it was a good thing for him to admit his faults and correct them and he hoped she wouldn’t commit suicide over it later for then the whole school might blame him since Alex had brought on so much attention to so many others nearby as to what had happened that there would be little doubt in others minds as to what role he played in encouraging her despair. Heidi struggled to accept his apology so the silent half-smile she gave back to Dale was the best she could do. He couldn’t blame her for not instantly acting as if the world were all rosy now so he simply hoped she believed him and he walked away.
“Thanks for doing the right thing, Dale. I’ll see you later. Stay cool,” Alex said to him as he walked away. He turned back to look at Alex and give a shy smile as he felt a mix of emotions as he was a bit embarrassed yet he liked the good feeling he felt to do the right thing and to see someone like Alex set a good example for others. Heidi was still in shock as Alex walked over to her. Some students began to leave since no fight started but still others hung around to see what would happen next.
“What’s your name?” Heidi asked softly.
“Alex. What’s yours?”
“Heidi.”
“Cool.”
“Thanks. I can’t believe you just chewed out Dale – one of the meanest eighth graders at school,” Heidi said in relief that someone could be so unafraid of such a well-known bully. But Alex swallowed hard and felt faint over this information since she didn’t know who he was or just how bad his reputation was before she approached him. She tried not to look too surprised or afraid though she might have been more afraid to approach him and say what she did had she known more about him. But it was too late now and despite his fearsome reputation held by others things seemed to work out well this time.
“You’re welcome,” Alex said “Look, the next time someone insults you, just remember: They are probably miserable inside and don’t even like themselves so they think they have to be mean to feel better but it doesn’t work. Maybe they heard something about you that makes them jealous. Maybe he wishes he had a nice sister that would buy him gifts so instead of just saying that to you, he thinks he has to tear you down to ‘balance out the injustices of life.’ It’s a creepy mentality but some people just don’t see themselves as creepy or at least very misguided. So feel sorry for them for whatever problems they are hiding that make them that way. I hate it when someone calls someone else ‘fat.’ You’ve probably tried to lose weight and keep a good weight. And if he or anyone else is too stupid to think you’re not trying your best for your circumstances, then their opinion doesn’t matter.”
Heidi was amazed that this very pretty girl who seemed to have a perfectly healthy weight – Alex – wasn’t the one who walked away laughing like so many other prettier girls would do to leave Heidi to suffer in silence. “What lunch period do you have?” Alex asked.
“Second” came Heidi’s cautious reply.
“Same here. Would you like to sit with me at lunch?” Alex asked. This surprised Heidi even more.
“Sure.”
“Great! Just come find me. Sometimes we talk about eating healthy so don’t take it personally. We’re just trying to be smarter about food choices,” Alex then leaned in as if to whisper a secret to Heidi. “This sometimes shocks adults who think that we’re too young and stupid to make the right choices for ourselves. It throws them for a loop that they don’t actually have to force us to make the right choices because we’re already doing it,” Alex said with a sarcastic wink of her eye. Heidi laughed.
“Your parents teach you how to eat healthy?” Heidi asked.
“Yeah.”
“Cool. Same here. It’s just hard to do when healthy foods cost so much. My parents divorced and my mom has full custody of me but she lost her job six months ago and she still hasn’t found another fulltime job. She’s working part-time now until she can find another good paying fulltime job that isn’t some demeaning form of employment.” Alex nodded that she understood. For most families, times seemed tough financially. As more and more people stopped gawking and left, Alex and Heidi walked together down the hall, both now late for their next class.
Heidi gasped with cheerful excitement. “Hey! Aren’t you the one who’s made a team that goes around talking to big companies about investing or something about money?”
“Yeah. Why?”
“My dad is the vice-president of a large company. He’s the head of over fifty different stores. Nearly half of the big stores he’s over are right here in Silver Streams and the surrounding areas and that would be at least two thousand employees. Do you want me to hook you up with his company to give a presentation? I can do that easy. He practically adores me and just last month he set up a trust fund for me that gives me five million dollars after I graduate from high school.”
“Wow!” Alex responded in pleasant shock. “Yeah. That would be great!”
“Okay. Consider it done,” Heidi smiled. “I’ll see you at lunch!”
“Thanks! See you there!” Alex replied. As Heidi began to race off to her next class, Alex had a thought. “Heidi!” Alex called out. Heidi stopped and turned around to listen to Alex. “Hey,” Alex said running closer to Heidi to tell her something quietly so no one else would overhear. “I’d be careful who you tell about your inheritance if I were you. If more people learn about your multimillion dollar trust fund, it might be harder for you to know who really likes you for you as opposed to those who might just be acting friendly in hopes you’ll share your money with them. So just pretend that you never told me about it and then stay quiet in the future. At least that’s what I would do if I were you.”
Heidi knew that once again, Alex was giving the best advice, this time to her and for all of the right reasons. 
“Thanks. I’ll do that,” Heidi smiled. Alex smiled back and couldn’t help but think how good things seemed to be working out as she had never expected she would make friends with someone today that would help her team get more appointments and raise more money. With so many local stores and employees managed by Heidi’s dad, even getting just three more appointments would be great! She would soon discover it would take five appointments to reach most of the employees as attendance was voluntary. If Alex hadn’t known Heidi, she may never have had a chance to get such a big company as a client.
Alex took off running to her own class. She had already been late to other classes before and she would soon be reaching her limit for allowable tardies before she would be in more serious trouble. At least there were multiple witnesses that she and Heidi weren’t goofing off.
After school, Julio came running over to Alex and Leena with a big smile on his face. He seemed eager to share some good news. “Hey guys! Word on the street is there’s a party at Jake Little’s house tonight. Let’s go!” Julio said excitedly as he showed them his text invitation.
"Who's Jake Little?" Alex asked.
"He's the one with the house that has a bowling alley and basket ball court in it," Leena answered. "But that's probably not why Julio wants to go. I think he's hoping Jake's cousin, Amy, will show up," Leena said flirtatiously. Julio gave a big smile. “What time?” Leena asked.
“It starts at 8pm. But I bet a lot of kids don’t show up until after 9pm,” Julio replied.
“Why would people show up at 9pm when the party starts at 8? Showing up late is rude,” Alex wondered.
“Not when you want to look cool,” Julio smiled.
“How is showing up late a cool thing?” Alex asked skeptically.
Julio scoffed, “Because it makes you look like you’re too busy with more important things. It’s an image gimmick.”
“People also get the impression that you don’t care enough about the party to begin with. Like sending a message that you think you’re better than the host of the party. Which, of course, is basically rude,” Leena added as she looked at Alex in agreement.
“Who cares?” Julio protested. “Let’s go anyway. We can show up at 8:30pm for all I care. Let’s just go. A lot of cool people are supposed to come. Maybe Lewis Perry will be there too. I’d like to talk with him about his Dad’s experience with celebrities. That would be so cool to be friends with him when his Dad works with famous people,” Julio said excitedly.
“You wanna go?” Leena asked Alex as if looking for support to go herself.
“Yeah. Why not. Maybe it’ll be fun,” Alex said with as much excitement as a bored kid at a Laundromat.
“Look. We all know that probably none of our parents will let us go to this because Jake’s parents won’t be there. So we have to come up with a plan to sneak out and get to the party,” Julio suggested.
“Whoa. That’s a game changer for me, Julio. No way,” Alex said firmly. Leena wasn’t sure what to think yet.
“Come on. It’s simple. We’ll all just say we’re going over to each other’s place to do homework and we’ll meet up at the park near my house. I can get my dad’s golf car and we can all ride over together,” Julio said trying to convince Alex and Leena it would work. Both Alex and Leena looked unsure of his idea. “Jake’s house is less than a mile away from my place, we all live within a few blocks of each other, we could be there for only a couple of hours and then leave,” He said with a charming smile.
“Maybe it could work,” Leena timidly replied as she looked for Alex’s reaction.
“I really don’t think it’s a good idea,” Alex sighed.
“Okay. If any of us isn’t having a good time, we’ll all leave early. Sound good?” Julio compromised.
“I’m okay with that,” Leena replied with a little more excitement.
“I just don’t like the part where I have to lie to my Uncle Samuel and Aunt Meredith. It’s not right,” Alex worried.
“Look, like I said. If any of us isn’t having a good time, we’ll all leave early together and none of our parents will ever
know.” Leena half-smiled to Alex with an anxious look that told her she really wanted to go and hoped Alex would come too.
Alex looked back at Leena and let out a long sigh before saying, “All right. Let’s go.”
“Sweet!” Julio smiled. Leena gave a small hop and clapped her hands as she smiled excitedly at Alex. “We’ll meet up at the park bench closest to my house at ten till 8pm,” Julio added.
“I’ll see you guys there!” Leena said happily as she ran off.
Julio gave Alex a confident smile.
Alex let out another sigh and mumbled to herself, “If we get into trouble, Aunt Meredith and Uncle Samuel will bury me for this. Maybe I should just put a note in my pocket now describing for you the casket I want to be buried in.”
“We’ll be fine. See you tonight,” Julio chuckled. He then darted off leaving Alex alone to wrestle with her doubts.



Later that night, the party was at full throttle. “Hey! Jake! What’s up man?” Asked another student loudly in an effort to be heard over the sounds of the loud blaring music that flooded out from the front door of the house. The two greeted each other with a series of custom hand shakes before entering the already crowded house. Various party goers mixed and mingled and danced while the music pounded every wall in sight. An assortment of colored lights throughout the house gave it a dim and dark atmosphere common to most house parties and night clubs. As Julio, Leena and Alex pulled up in the golf car, several more students were showing up to join the party.
“Sweet! Let’s hit it!” Julio said excitedly as he parked the golf car high up in the driveway and hidden out of the sight of most passers by.
Leena jumped out excitedly of the cart and said smiling, “Come on Alex! Let’s go!”
Alex felt a twinge of guilt as her conscience pricked her thoughts and triggered a knot in her stomach. She had lied to be there and it hurt. As she got out of the cart, Leena grabbed her by the hand to hurry her along and catch up with Julio. As they entered the increasingly crowded house, the music pulsated and colorful lights flickered all around.
“Hey! There’s Tony!” Julio yelled to Alex and Leena over the loud music. “Come on!” He then pushed his way through the crowd to go see his fellow classmate that he sometimes went four-wheeling with on weekends. They had enjoyed a long friendship for nearly four years now and since they didn’t have any classes together this year they were starting to drift apart.
As Alex tried to follow Julio, Leena grabbed her hand to pull her back as she yelled to Alex, “I need to find a bathroom first. Come with me.” Alex then stopped following Julio in favor of following Leena to wherever a bathroom was. As Leena pushed through the crowd, she asked another girl nearby where a bathroom was. 
The music was so loud that the girl pointed off towards a hall and could barely yell loud enough, “It’s over there down the hall!” 
Leena didn’t even bother trying to yell back as she simply mouthed a ‘Thank you’ with a grateful smile. Leena and Alex began pressing their way through the crowd and saw a light shining brightly from a nearby room. It was the bathroom. Three other girls were already standing in line and Alex was starting to feel suffocated by the crowd, the noise and the stench coming from the restroom which was clearly in use by another. 
“I saw a porch in the backyard. I’ll wait for you out there. Meet me there.” Alex yelled into Leena’s ear as she pointed towards the backyard. Leena simply nodded that she understood and Alex headed off for the fresh air and reduced noise of the great outdoors of the backyard.
Once Alex arrived out on the porch she took a deep breath and let out a sigh of relief to be out in a more peaceful environment. She then gazed up to see the stars but they were too close to the city which made it hard for her to see any. She then took in the view of what made up the Little’s backyard. There was a pool that, for some reason, didn’t have the lights on in it. Alex thought this was odd. She then looked around to enjoy the beautiful landscaping which was nicely sculpted with care by someone clearly talented in the ways of horticultural arts. Just as she was enjoying the view, her thoughts were interrupted as the lights in the pool suddenly turned on and the voice of a girl came out from a bush near the far end of the pool.
“Want to go for a swim, Alex?” Asked Caitlyn, a girl whom Alex had never met but still recognized from North Ivy as she came out from behind the bush where the light switch for the pool lights was. It was Caitlyn who turned on the pool lights and proposed an evening dip with Alex.
“No thanks.” Alex shrugged rather shyly as she wondered why Caitlyn would invite her when they were both fully clothed and showed no signs of having brought any swimwear.
“I hear you’re a real whiz at math and money. You’re the one who’s going to change the world of retirement for adults as we know it, right? I’ve heard about you and the school’s charitable competition.” Caitlyn said with a sly smile as she slinked over near Alex.
“Maybe. But Leena and Julio are working on it too. It’s not just me.” Alex said nobly trying to ensure she didn’t take all the glory.
“Are Leena and Julio the ones you sit with at lunch?”
“Yeah.” Alex said skeptically as Caitlyn crept closer.
“So do you guys ever do anything fun together?”
“We’re here, aren’t we?” Alex asked trying to politely hide her irritation over this girl’s interruption of Alex’s peace she sought away from the party. Caitlyn chuckled at Alex’s response.
“Maybe I should introduce myself. I’m Caitlyn. We don’t have any classes together but I see you at lunch…” She smiled. “...and… people talk.” She added wryly.
“What do you mean, ‘people talk’? About me?” Alex asked curiously as she created more distance between she and Caitlyn.
“Yeah about you.” Caitlyn smiled. “A lot of people wonder why you’re so interested in retirement. A subject about something so boring and far off in the future that only affects old people. Shouldn’t you play with people and subjects your own age?” Caitlyn teased.
“Play? With subjects and people my own age?” Alex asked in a more irritated tone. She wanted to say that obviously you are far more likely to retire in poverty and make little worth noting of your life with that attitude. But Alex held back.
“Yes, play. Here. I’ve got an idea.” Caitlyn then went over to a nearby chair and picked up a can of computer duster.  “We can get a little buzzed and splash around a bit. That’s playing.” Alex looked bewildered at Caitlyn holding the can. “You inhale it. You know. The air inside the can. You’ll get a rush that’ll make swimming a whole lot more fun.” She smiled mischievously.
“No, that’s huffing.” Alex said in disgust. “And that can and that pool is a fatal mix. In fact, inhaling that can is far more likely to get you killed than accidentally falling into the pool.”
“Fine. We don’t have to go swimming. But you should at least try the can.” Caitlyn said as she waved the can playfully at Alex.
“No way! And you shouldn’t either.” Alex said as she then grabbed the can from Caitlyn’s hand and threw it in the pool.
“Hey! Why the hell did you do that?” Caitlyn asked frustrated.
“I may have just saved your life. I’m certainly saving mine.” Alex then headed back into the house among the rest of the party goers and began looking for Leena.
“You’re no friend!” Caitlyn yelled angrily back at Alex.
Alex then turned back around and got close enough to Caitlyn for her to hear her as Alex said, “Any friend of yours who gets you to do that is no friend at all. You may not know me very well and I may not know you but I just did what any true friend would. Don’t sniff cans, Caitlyn. You or your friends who huff can die – if not all of you. That’s not a life to be proud of. Not everyone huffs. You don’t have to either. Pick something better to do. Like swimming sober with sober friends.” Alex said as she gestured to the pool before heading back to find Leena. Caitlyn was left alone with her thoughts as Alex pushed her way through the party crowd. Within just a few moments, Leena grabbed Alex’s hand and pulled her close to yell in her ear.
“Drugs! I saw drugs! People are smoking something strange in one of the bedrooms down the hall. I saw them when I left the bathroom.”
“We’re out of here!” Alex asserted.
“You mean we’re leaving?” Leena yelled back confused.
“That’s right! Let’s go find Julio.” Alex yelled back as she led the way in search of Julio.
A few rooms away was the kitchen where Julio was dancing on top of the kitchen table among a laughing crowd as he wore a hula skirt and lei costume and imitated a Hawaiian hula dancer. He was clearly having a good time as he wore a funny smile and the crowd roared in laughter around him.
“Julio! Julio!” Alex yelled to him as she drew closer to get his attention. Julio looked over at Alex and Leena and couldn’t retain his own laughter now that Alex and Leena were watching him.
“MOVER! MOVER!” Alex yelled the code for 'drug alert' having previously agreed early on in their friendship that this would be their secret code signal that drugs were there so they would buddy-up to keep one another away from drugs if the situation ever presented itself at school or another social experience.
“What?” Julio yelled back as he lost his rhythm trying to dance and talk at the same time.
“MOVER!” Both Alex and Leena yelled. Julio’s facial expression dropped quickly from a smile to a serious face as he pushed himself between two laughing boys and jumped down from the table. 
As he threw off the cheap hula skirt onto the table, Leena said loudly, “Alex wants to leave. What do we do?”
“She’s right! Let’s leave!” Julio yelled back.
Leena looked confused about what to do and Alex gave Julio a knowing look to get everyone out now. “Go! Go! Go!” Julio yelled loudly at Leena as he turned her around to head towards the front door exit. He looked at Alex gratefully acknowledging her wisdom to leave fast. 
As Leena quickly got blockaded by a sardine group of party goers, Julio pushed his way forward squeezing himself in front of Leena. He then yelled back to her and Alex to grab tight to the back of his belt and to each other and not to let go. Once he felt they had grabbed his belt he then began pushing his way steadily yet forcefully like a steamroller through the crowd moving everyone out of his way to get himself and the girls all out to the safety that clearly waited out the front door and away from the party. His father’s influence of protection –– especially the instinct of respect for women and girls by protecting them from harm –– had kicked into high gear as he made a most chivalrous and highly successful effort to use his newly acquired gifts of testosterone as added strength to move them all to a place of safety outside and ultimately back home with family.
As they finally made it out the front door, another of Julio’s friends named Peter was hanging out by the front door with another student and saw him leaving and yelled, “Julio! Hey! Are you leaving? It’s still early man!”
“I don’t do drugs, man! No way!” Julio responded firmly to Peter as he and the girls headed towards the hidden golf car.
“We don’t do drugs either!” Alex and Leena yelled in unison. They then looked at each other in pleasant surprise for saying the same thing at the same time. They were glad they were both courageous enough to take a stand for the same values. Peter looked on in wonder as Julio and the girls piled into the golf car.
“Julio! Hey! Wait for me!” Peter said as he threw down his drink and started to leave. But he didn’t get very far when the guy he was talking to, Lane, grabbed him forcefully by Peter’s shirt collar. 
Lane wore a frustrated smile as he spoke to Peter. “Hey, man! Don’t wimp out on me! Everybody does drugs nowadays.”
Peter looked at Julio turning around his golf car and longed to go with him. After a brief pause, Peter shoved Lane back forcing him to let go of his collar as he said, “Not everybody. Not me.” Peter then ran off and caught up to Julio’s cart and jumped on as Julio drove away.
“Who saw what?” Julio commanded as he drove along as fast as the cart would go.
“I saw some kids smoking something in one of the rooms but I couldn’t tell what it was. It didn’t smell anything like tobacco smoke,” Leena said loudly as the wind swept through her hair from the speed of the cart.
“Some girl offered me to huff a can of air duster with her. I couldn’t believe it!” Alex exclaimed.
“I thought that stuff happened only in high school.” Peter chimed in confused.
“Apparently not.” Julio said angrily.
After riding for a few blocks, Julio stopped the cart and turned to talk to everyone. “We have to come up with a plan as to what we’re going to do. Do we go home and not say anything about the drugs and the party? Or do we go home and tell our parents and risk having them call the police on our classmates?”
Leena and Alex looked at one another knowingly and then said in unison to Julio, “Tell our parents.”
"If the police come, maybe they could save some of their lives from any overdose before it's too late," Leena suggested.
"I really hope it's not too late," Alex added. Julio let out a deep sigh as he figured they had all learned a hard lesson the last time they ran into trouble with other classmates and didn’t go immediately to their parents. The lecture from the Ferris wheel incident was clearly still fresh on everyone’s mind with only Peter being the exception.
“Let’s go,” Julio said as he quickly thrust the cart back into gear and began driving again.
“My house first?” Julio asked as he looked at Alex seated next to him. Alex nodded in agreement.
“Peter, we’d like to head back to my house first. You can either walk home from there or join us as we talk to my parents.”
“I think I’ll join you. I haven’t seen your Dad in awhile. He’s cool. I like him,” Peter said loud enough to drown out the sound of the carts tires and electrical noise. Julio smiled proudly.
Although Manuel and Lucita were angry over the lie Julio had told and that Alex and Leena had followed Julio’s bad example, Manuel was eager to forgive him and the others in favor of possibly saving some lives at the party by calling the police to go interrupt it and see what drugs might be there to confiscate and protect the kids from harming themselves and each other further. 
As Lucita made calls to Leena’s parents and Alex’s Aunt and Uncle, Manuel called a friend who was a police officer he knew would be on duty and familiar with the common drugs on the streets today so as to check out and stop the potential dangers at the party. Both Uncle Samuel and Aunt Meredith came over to the Lopez home to meet with Julio’s parents and talk to Leena’s parents as well before they took Leena and Alex back home. Ultimately Leena’s parents felt as Julio’s did as they were glad Leena had eventually told the truth when she could have kept on lying. They were especially glad she, Alex, Julio and Peter had chosen not to do any drugs. Samuel and Meredith were also relieved that Alex had good friends to not pressure her into doing drugs and were less harsh as they discovered Alex never enjoyed lying to them to go to the party. Peter hadn’t lied to his parents at all since they were out of town and his older brother had given him permission to go.
“The fact that none of us saw at the party any classmates that are known for setting a good example should’ve been our first clue as to what kind of party this was,” Julio said looking back at the experience.
Alex then sighed and said regretfully, “No. Our first clue was that there were no parents there.”
“But even parents can set a bad example. We don’t know what kind of parents the Littles are,” Manuel warned.
Both Julio and Leena nodded in sad admittance and their parents knew that although the Success Crew had made a terrible choice in attending the party under a deceptive front, their failure could have been deadly and since the experience had not turned tragic for Julio, Leena, Peter, or Alex, enough had been said for the evening and it was time to put the matter behind them for now. But they would all learn some harsh lessons about life as they all heard the next day what else had happened at the party that none of the Success Crew had seen.
Since Jake's parents weren't home, he had made a deal with a neighborhood boy who was in high school to come over and provide alcohol through his adult friend. This adult friend, a thirty-three year old man, had set up a room in the back of the Little's house where the man had slipped a drug into a young girls non-alcoholic beverage so she would pass out and the man charged other boys at the party a fee for the opportunity to rape her. While this tragedy was occurring a young man on the other side of the house died of an accidental drug overdose. This was the scene that the police saw when they arrived to stop the party. A girl being raped and a boy dead in the garage. The man who tricked and trapped the girl into being forcibly prostituted was put in jail to await trial for his crimes. There were several boys who were guilty of raping the girl some were caught, others were not. The ones who were caught and proven guilty were kicked out of school and sent to juvenile prison. 
Within three days after the party over a hundred other students at school had received or sent a sext of another girl who was drunk and no longer in much control of what might happen to her. Two guys had held her up and lifted up her shirt and took pictures of her without her permission. By the time she had sobered up the next day it was too late for her to undo what had been done by the boys who took her picture. The list of guilty students involved in sending the sext of the drunk girl was a long one and most were punished by the school and most by their parents. Many of them had their cell phones taken away and they had to go to mandatory counseling and write a five page paper on the dangers of and callousness of sexting. This party was not a safe place for them to be. The things that happened at that party left one student dead and several others emotionally traumatized for life. The often destructive results of intoxication is no way to honorably celebrate life. 
So who's celebrating now? The devil and his dark angels… and one wicked person who was bent on destroying Alex.



Chapter 22: The Dream of Heavenly Lights Tells More


Alex, Leena and Julio were seated together in a school assembly to observe the competition as a team gave a presentation they had created to win the Triple-C. The girls were instructed to sit on the right set of bleachers and the boys were seated on the left side in the school’s large, open basketball court. Julio managed to sit on the farthest side closest to the middle so he would only be a couple of feet away from Alex and Leena who were also seated on the edge of the girl’s section. The competing team had an eye opening banner that read simply "Sexual IQ vs. Sexual EQ." It had everyone's full attention.
The team's leader who was presenting was twelve year-old Lewis Perry. His father was once a manager for many famous music artists. Mr. Perry knew how to negotiate contract deals for musicians and their executive music producers. Kids liked to be friends with Lewis as he grew up since they hoped to meet a famous music artist. But now that his dad had moved onto other business ventures, Lewis was able to learn some important life lessons.
His presentation was a $250,000 production of a forty minute movie that was set to be sold as a as a DVD to other schools and any churches who might be interested. Lewis was the star of the film since he was one of the cutest and most popular boys in his grade. His teammates all played various supporting roles throughout the video. His film included some eye-popping computer graphics and special effects that sometimes had him and his team as if they were living in a video game, other times he was filmed as if he were a famous music artist performing in a video and then as a fashion model complete with a professional photographer and rapid flashes of camera light and later he was portrayed again as being famous and on TV with flashing paparazzi cameras as Lewis tried to press his way through a thick crowd of clamoring fans. He even had his dad and other adults who played roles as rich good guys and others as bad guys to make his points throughout his video presentation. His film oozed with coolness. Perry's team and their movie was money.
After a fairly lengthy but shockingly good presentation about what it means to be beautiful, not just sexual, Lewis began to close. “So choose friends who encourage your true, lasting happiness and wellbeing and you'll surround yourself with friends who have a high Beautiful EQ which is more important than IQ alone and you'll become smarter, happier and more successful for it.
“Wishing you the happiest of friendships and love in your relationships, I'm Lewis Perry. Thank you." His film then began to roll the credits as more great music played.
Leena leaned over to Julio and said, "This is one tough competition."
Julio simply shook his head and said, "May the best team win."
Alex looked at Julio and Leena and sighed, "Looks like we know who the best team is. Good for him. Good for him."



As Alex threw her backpack onto Leena’s bed she let out a long sigh. “We need to make and sell t-shirts to boost our income for the Triple-C.”
“Why?” Leena was bewildered. “Don’t we have enough work to do?”
“We’ve got some stiff competition. We can sell shirts after every presentation.”
“Can we do that? I mean, don’t we have to stick to the description we put in about what we’d do as a team?”
“Julio was flexible in his description when he submitted it. He simply typed in a few words: financial literacy, presentations and sales. So that pretty much leaves us wide open for adjusting as we need.”
“Yeah. That’s a pretty broad definition.”
“So are you game for designing some t-shirts?”
“Ok. I’ll do it.”
“Great.”
“But if we sell shirts after our presentation, then we can’t charge extra for staying behind to answer questions.”
“I already asked my aunt if she would help sell shirts and she said she would. She also said she believes your mom would help too.”
“That’s true. If my mom is giving us a ride or riding with Lucita or your aunt, she’ll help.”
“But will you ask your mom if she’ll help, just so we can be sure she’s available and willing?”
“Sure. But like I said, if she’s there, it wouldn’t surprise me if she helped. She’s just nice like that.”
“Same with my Aunt Meredith.”
“So do you think if we sell t-shirts that we’ll win?”
“There’s no guarantees. But we’ll have a better chance. Especially if the t-shirts are cool.”
“I’ll make a few designs and you tell me if you think they’re cool. If you like them, maybe lots of other people will too.”
“You’ve got good taste. I think you’ll make some cool designs.” Alex was sincere in her compliment of Leena’s talents as a graphic artist.
“Let’s get Julio’s opinions too. If he likes some of them then that’s another good opinion.”
“We’ll need to set up a store on the website to sell them there too.”
“If the t-shirts sell well, when will we ever have time to do homework? Won’t we be packing and shipping all day long?”
“I don’t know. We’ll figure it out.” Alex shrugged. “Just remember that although we may be busier for awhile, it’s just until the competition is over.”
“I hope so.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?” Alex scoffed.
“It just feels like you’re turning this whole thing into a full time business, that’s all,” Leena smiled as she lovingly patted Alex on the cheek. Leena had her limits as to how much she could be used in Alex’s ambitions and she just gave her an indirect warning that Alex might be pushing her too far.
“It’s a part-time business for a good cause.”
“It’s just starting to feel full-time and that’s not what I agreed to. Once Julio finds out how much more work we’ll be doing, I bet you’ll see he’s on my side.” Alex could sense Leena was serious and rather than cause a problem with her that could sour their friendship, she thought of a compromise.
“We’ll sell the shirts for a limited time.” 
“Now that’s a good idea.” Leena felt relief as she was starting to feel like Alex wasn’t going to turn them all into child laborers after all. But then she thought about Alex’s choice of words and began to doubt Alex’s intentions. “Wait a minute. What exactly do you mean by ‘limited time’?”
“If the shirts don’t sell well, then there’s no reason to keep making them or offering them, right?”
“Good point.” Leena smiled cheerfully that the problem was solved. She just hadn’t considered Alex’s other thoughts since Alex was determined to offer the kinds of cool shirts that would sell well…very well.



The moonlight outside was bright as it shined through Alex’s bedroom window. But despite the brightness and beauty of it, Alex was fast asleep. The dream she had was totally unexpected since it was a continuation of the first dream she had. Once again, she was dreaming of the two books that radiated brightly in pure white light. Those same two books shined brighter than the sun as they rested side by side. They were so massive in size that they entirely covered the large body of land on the earth.
Suddenly a large gust of wind blew open the larger book, turning each page quickly while showing what appeared as a movie projected on an invisible screen where the films images of various stories were projected upon the rustling, passing, windblown pages of the book. As this continued with the larger book, the smaller book next to it, also still radiating in equally bright, pure, white light, joined in being blown open and having its stories projected like a movie onto its turning pages. Then the two books showed the same movie simultaneously of a large white ball of human light birthing to the earth more white and brilliant and pure than any other ball of light which had previously been born.
He landed on His appointed place bringing light and love that radiated and expanded with the intent of covering the whole earth.
The movie then showed a cross being lifted up with this most brilliant ball of light attached to it in the form of a mortal, yet most holy, man and His light grew brighter and brighter and brighter until His great light departed, separating from his mortal body and returning back to the Parent Vine from whence He came.
The same movie then showed from both books the calamities that followed. The books became temporarily transparent revealing the earth’s image more clearly. Great sounds of thunder and whirlwinds were shown as the earth began to quake with lightning striking several places. This continued until the largest single land mass suddenly broke into pieces and moved to various points around the earth leaving the only evidence of its once unified form as remaining pieces like a newly scattered jigsaw puzzle.
A dark mist rolled over the earth and covered it in darkness. A different part of the earth experienced more severe destruction as balls of fire shot forth from the Vine destroying various lands. Then the thunderous whirlwinds, lightings, quaking and shooting balls of fire stopped. The dark mist rolled away into disintegration and the suns light shined forth light onto the once dark portions of land as the earth continued to rotate in a profound silence.
Then a daily calendar out in space tore away pages to count the passing of three days before disappearing.
The two books were no longer transparent as they grew in a brilliant white light and continued to project their movie which no longer showed a cross of crucifixion but an empty ancient tomb. This was quickly followed by the return of history's brightest and purest light to the earth. This brightest One now radiated light and love more powerfully than before. Then softly the projection of the two simultaneous movies came to a temporary end as the wind blown pages died down to a rest.
The earth’s once severed life saving strand of life is now connected back again to its life-giving Creator Vine and radiated white light brightly just as sure as it had in the beginning.
The most brilliant and pure ball of light is now resurrected, from death back to life, to have the same face and human body yet to live now with a perfected, immortal body of flesh and bone that is perfectly immune to disease and death. He returned to the earth, first to His land of mortal birth to visit family and friends. Then suddenly hundreds of balls of human light returned also to the earth as resurrected immortals that traveled back to their previous earthly homelands to visit kindred and friends to show that they all have the supreme blessing of a strand of divine light connecting them in blissful, immortal perfection to the Vine.
The purest and greatest ball of light also visited various lands and one by one various humans here and there choose to have their own divine line of light reconnected through Him back to their Parent Vine thus bringing them again into a happier, more secure spiritual, emotional and temporal state of being until they eventually achieve through the Vine’s great atoning sacrifice, the highest state of immortality. Even though after a short period of time of visiting various peoples and lands across the globe, this most brilliant and purest of all white lights left the earth and returned to complete His purpose to become one with the Vine. Yet despite His departure by ascension, still more and more souls of light on earth chose to receive their own strand of divine light to secure their happiness now and forever having faith in the One they can no longer physically see.
Once again, a wind blew the last pages of the two books one last time and further recorded stories of history were projected onto the pages of the books until again the winds died down and the projected movies came to an end. Then the two books closed.
The smaller book began to be covered by wind blown earth until it was completely covered and then blackness covers the larger book and both remained hidden for a few moments that seem to feel like hundreds of years. The earth still rotated in silence.
Gradually a soft light began to appear, slowly revealing the larger book again as it sat closed. The book again begins to shine in a radiance of brilliant white light until a dark shadowy figure is noticed off in the lower distance sending several men in black Dark Ages period clothing to alter the book. These darkly inspired men take the larger book apart and make changes to it. After removing some vital truths and altering others, they put the changed books back together and return the book to where it sat before. Now the radiance of the book is not nearly as white and brilliant as before although much light still continued to emanate from it. This larger but now less radiant book opened at the middle and shined forth all of the remaining light it had to give.
Then the smaller book rose up through the earth and shined just as brilliantly as it had before. It also opened at the middle revealing writings that were in an ancient foreign language. Then the Vine birthed a uniquely virtuous spirit to earth, as the Vine had at other times in history, except that this spirit is of such a glorious human brightness of light that his brightness is second only to the One previously seen on the cross of crucifixion.
This man, a prophet birthed about eighteen hundred years after the brightest and most glorious One was crucified and resurrected, had very little education but was sent by the Vine to make clear the ancient writings for all to read and understand. He was birthed at a place and time of unprecedented national freedom that was prophesied by previous prophets and divinely prepared for the continuation and culmination of the great heavenly work that had been active since the earth’s creation. Shortly after this extremely bright ball of light landed at his appointed place and time of birth, his light emanated as borrowed power from the Vine touching the smaller book’s pages until every page was clear to read in hundreds of current languages. Then the borrowed light reached through him and the smaller book to touch the larger book and this divine power restores it to nearly perfectly to its original brightness so the larger book no longer glows dim. Then darkly inspired men do with him as other previous darkly inspired men did with the greatest ball of light and he was falsely accused and killed.
Gradually the two books, now glowing in intense white light, moved in slowly, closer and closer to each other as a large hand reached under the books and the books become one book held within the hand. Just as the two books become one, a large white tree of light began to grow forth from the book. As the tree of brilliant white light grew larger and larger to full maturity, its branches and leaves bore fruit and grew and shined in an incredible glimmer of pure white light. The beauty of this great tree became ever more breathtaking as a constant gentle breeze rustled through its brightly glowing leaves scattering shimmering white light in every direction inviting all who see it to eat of the sweet, pure white glowing fruit that hung off every branch. Many of the brightly shining fruits hanging were within reach.
As the great tree’s roots wove deep into the book, the tree stood firm and tall while a narrow path formed that led straight and clear to the tree. Down along both sides of the straight path, other wider paths formed that curved off in different directions that ultimately led away from the tree. These wider counterfeit paths began as less illuminated and grow in darkness as they led further away from the great tree.
At the entrance of the well lit, centered, narrow and straight path appeared on the ground a beautifully wrapped gift. Alex tried to enter and start on the straight path to open the gift and eventually reach the tree. But just before she entered, a small lake of waist deep clear water formed a few feet in front of her that separated her from the gift. She knew she must go through the water in order to receive and open the gift. But Alex became hesitant and unsure if the gift would be worth it. She didn't know what might happen if she went into the water or after she left the water to continue on the narrow path.
While Alex waited to decide what to do, an ordinary, clean cut looking young man in his twenties appeared in the water wearing dress pants, shoes and a modest shirt of matching spotless white. He smiled at Alex with a smile that was soft and pure and brought a feeling of heavenly peace to her. She wondered if he was an angel but she figured he wasn’t since he didn’t radiate with a visibly brilliant white light as heaven often creates. But despite this, she realized she felt he radiated with unseen heavenly light. He's not an angel. He's a man. A good man with a pure heart.
But she still doesn't know why he's there in the water. Then she was reminded in her thoughts of the biblical story of John the Baptist. Immediately after this thought, a woman dressed most modestly, also in all spotless white, tried to enter the water but something strange happened. Alex looks on in shock as she sees the woman being approached from behind by a darkly clothed spirit that spiritually blindfolds the woman with a thick, dark, blinding mist in an effort to keep the woman from seeing the straight path so it becomes difficult for her to start on the well lit path that leads to the gift and the tree. The woman, although visibly confused as to where she should go now that she's blinded by a deceptive and dark mist, suddenly stopped, took a deep breath to remain calm and said a silent prayer in her heart that only God could hear. Although Alex didn’t know the exact words the woman used in her prayers, God allowed Alex to feel the main points intended behind her prayer so that God could teach Alex by the woman’s good example.
As the woman prayed silently, she felt the truth of a lesson she once learned in church about how God loves all of his children and that includes her. If she was ever in fear or in danger or had any need at all, she felt that God will help her anytime, anywhere. She quickly prayed for God to please remove the mist of blindness from her and restore her spiritual sight so that she might receive the gift she feels He intends for her to have and to also safely reach the tree of what feels like his light and thereby see the right path to take that will ensure her correct choice and safe arrival. She then felt a reassuring feeling of divine peace and love which slowly disintegrated the misty blindfold from her eyes and helped her to know God really exists, He lives and is answering her prayer.
Then something appearing at the paths entrance before the water catches Alex's eye. Something appeared on the surface of the ground. It was a reference to a verse of scripture from the holy bible. John 3:16-17 showed as letters and numbers of light from above. Then another verse of scripture, Hebrews 5:4, appeared on the surface of the water. Then another appeared just before the gift, and then several other scriptural references quickly lit up along the straight and narrow path filling up the path all the way along it to the end of the path at the base of the tree.
The woman who saw clearly the straight path of light before her started on the path. She entered the water smiling and the man baptized her immersing her completely but briefly under the water. After she rose, she gratefully shook his hand and left the water to go sit in a chair where a man dressed in white stood behind her. He gently placed his hands upon the woman’s head and for a few moments spoke something that Alex didn’t hear. Both the man and the woman then smiled at one another as she thanked him. She stood and walked over to receive the gift.
The woman, now suddenly and completely dry, looked beautiful and wore regular but modest clothing. She opened the gift to reveal what appeared to be an old handheld radio. It looked like an old wartime radio of the 1940s. It was to be used in the continuing battle for the soul to receive the right directions that will lead her by divine power to spiritual safety. The radio was in perfect condition and looked like new. But somehow Alex knew that the principles upon which the radio operated were much, much older than that. She felt that, although it looked relatively modern, it was, in fact, actually several thousands of years old in its origin  but could miraculously give a signal that's far beyond any high tech device man or woman could ever create.
Alex continued watching in awe as she again saw the woman being approached from behind by that same darkly clothed spirit that tried to blindfold her. The woman struggled to use the newly acquired gift of the spiritual radio. But the woman prayed to God again for help to see, and He again answered her prayers so that the deceptive spirit leaves and the darkness is removed. She could then see the light needed to effectively use the heavenly gift.
She then began turning the knob on the radio in faith that she would receive the promised gift of God in answer to her prayers. As she turned the knob closer to the correct signal from God, a brilliantly white and radiant wingless angel began to come into view but fades out again as she turned the knob’s signal too far in the wrong direction. The more finely tuned the divine signal was, the clearer and more powerfully the peaceful influence of the angelic guiding Holy Spirit became. Alex stared in wide-eyed shock at the angelic personage and the power the gift of the radio provides but she then realizes that the woman does not yet actually see the angel but rather feels it's peaceful, loving, and divine presence filling her whole being as the light of the Holy Spirit began to dwell within her. Her own spirit was being strengthened by the Holy Spirit to see things more as God sees, to feel things more as God feels, and have strength beyond her natural abilities to do good and safely reach the tree.
As the angelic Holy Spirit guided her, he pointed to the tree and again spoke peace and joy as feelings in her heart and through her thoughts that this was still the right path to salvation in Christ Jesus.  She was experiencing the ultimate gift of heavenly help. Then Alex recalled a verse of scripture that's often quoted at church: John 20:29 "...because thou hast seen me, thou hast believed: blessed are they that have not seen, and yet believed." This brought an even more important thought to Alex: Although Alex may see what is occurring with the angel, the transmitting symbolic radio, and the woman – Alex could only feel but little of what the woman was feeling at that time. Alex could only feel a glimpse of the feeling of heavenly help.
She somehow knew it's by taking the right actions to become closer to God's love as symbolized by the tree that sanctifies us so we are saved. It's by doing what's right and having faith in Christ’s omnipotent ability to save us that brings salvation. Seeing God's power is not enough. Although we are saved by God's grace, we still must also do what Christ has said is right in order to activate that redeeming power that we need since we are not perfect.
As the woman felt peace and joy from the divine influence of what was becoming clearer as God's gift in the guiding Holy Spirit, the blindfold began to disintegrate more quickly and more powerfully and effectively than before she received the gift so she sees more clearly that the straight path is the correct path to take to reach the tree. She began to take steps closer to the tree with confidence but once again, a dark figure came up behind her and blindfolded her again but this time more trickery and deception was used as he then turned her in circles and stopped her so she would face a curving path that led away from the tree.
As she started to approach the curved path she felt something was wrong. So she stopped, prayed again and began tuning the radio again in faith. Again the Holy Spirit appeared and filled her with divine light as she felt its comforting guidance. This new light drove out the dark spirit of deception and removed the dark blindfold so she could see she was about to get on the wrong path.
She then returned to the narrow and straight path and moved forward towards the tree. But again, after making good progress on the correct path she was blindfolded with more deception. She again sensed something was wrong and again she prayed and received help to see clearly and stay on the right path of the straight and narrow. Even when she was blindfolded and told the lie that she could use her hands to touch the path and know by her outward senses and own physical abilities what is right and to ignore what she feels is in her heart, she prays and recognizes the deception for what it is by the right guidance of heaven through her special gift. She continued to trust the divine guidance of peace in her heart and mind. She never gave up trying to stay on the straight and narrow path. Each time she got spiritually blindfolded she prayed again, tuned the radio to receive divine guidance and strove to remain on the well-lit, straight path until the darkness dissipated and the blindfold dissolved. She saw, again, she was enabled to progress more surely to the safety of the tree.
At last, she reached the glorious and brilliant white tree of light and love where she could no longer be blinded and deceived. As she eats of the fruit of the tree, her heart is filled to overflowing with a joy so great she's never felt such before. Having experienced the greatest joy ever, she hopes her family and friends will choose to join her and experience the same joy and triumph as she feels now.
Alex then saw another person about to enter the water and get on the right path. It's a man, dressed in all white who the woman loves very much. He was also immersed in baptism, had hands laid upon his head and he also tried to successfully navigate the right way to the tree. He succeeds like the woman before him after many struggles and many answered prayers as he too used the same gift that filled him with light, peace and joy. The guiding Holy Spirit appeared to guide him just as it had for the woman. He then rejoiced in eating of the fruit of the tree and being able to join the woman at the tree.
Several more people also get on the path and some chose to be baptized and others didn't. Usually those who got lost on other paths didn't feel a need for the gift of recognizing and following divine guidance so they declined baptism and the offer of the gift and chose instead to follow counterfeit paths that led sadly to misery and pain.
Then a girl about Alex's age entered the water but Alex couldn’t see the girl's face very well. The girl was immersed in baptism, had hands laid on her head and used the divine gift to begin on the path to successfully reach the tree of light, love and eternal happiness in ultimate salvation. Alex then looked closer to see to her total astonishment that the young person using the gift was her. She saw she was using the sacred gift and tuning it until the guiding Holy Spirit appeared so bright in its divine guidance that it was like lightning striking within her soul a thousand times per second. Alex was so excited to see that she had tuned it so well to receive such a stunning result that she wanted to leap over the water to quickly put herself into that position of future blessings immediately. But after a few quick failed attempts to skip over the water and get right to the part of receiving the exciting gift of divine help, her last leaping attempt left her to stumble and fall back unprogressed at the entrance where a single scripture began to appear and glow. It read: Acts 2:37-39.
Alex woke up and immediately went over to her shelf and found a copy of the King James Version of the Holy Bible. She read to herself some of the scriptures from her dream. Hebrews 5:4 read: “…no man taketh this honour unto himself, but he that is called of God, as was Aaron.” She then read Acts 2:37-39: “…they were pricked in their heart, and said unto Peter and to the rest of the apostles, …what shall we do? Then Peter said unto them, Repent and be baptized everyone of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. For the promise is unto you, and your children and to all…”
As Alex pondered on the words she read, she thought more about her dream. She knew she would need to talk to Linda about the possible meanings of these dreams. But if Alex understood the meanings correctly, she could bust wide open the research Linda was pursuing.



Chapter 23: Heaven’s View of the Future


The Success Crew were sprawled out in Leena's bedroom and talking about how well their presentations had gone so far. They had already completed five presentations with three of the five running over fifteen minutes after the presentation concluded which meant an additional three hundred and fifty dollars was earned each time. Now they were enjoying some early celebration time at Leena's. Amelia had decided to invite Julio and Alex along with their parents to a special celebratory dinner at the Lilly home where Amelia had prepared a few entrees and side dishes of her own and had the rest catered. Meredith had dropped Alex off at the Lilly's earlier and had planned to return later with Samuel. As Amelia and her hired help put together the meal downstairs, Leena, Julio and Alex were waiting upstairs to hear when the rest of their parents had arrived so they could know when it was time to eat.
Alex was amazed at how many more clients the Success Crew had picked up since their first presentation. She sat at the edge of Leena’s bed and counted out loud, "Four, five, six, seven more appointments! That makes for a total so far of thirty-nine clients! If we could just get one more appointment that would make forty. Three hundred and fifty dollars times forty clients would make $14,000 dollars. Not a lot but better than nothing."
"Not a lot?! Are you crazy? I thought maybe we'd get only about $5,000 dollars and here we are on track for nearly $14,000? I'd say we're doing a great job." Leena said excitedly. "And you're not even counting the potential for more appointments running past fifteen minutes for more money."
"Maybe that's true. But we probably shouldn't count on all of that money yet." Alex said hesitantly.
"Why not?"
"All it takes is a few cancellations for any reason at all and then we've got to schedule more clients to fill up the cancellations. But hopefully that won't happen."
"I like what we're doing. Helping adults with their future retirement is fun." Leena said cheerfully.
"Yeah. It is." Alex admitted with a smile. "Hopefully at least some of them will have enough saved so that they can spend their retirement making the world a better place for themselves and their families and others. If just one of them has saved enough and has enough faith then God will help them to do what they can to donate to the right cause. When they believe that they'll be blessed to donate ten percent first and then save as much as they can for their future, when they do that, they'll feel it's right in their hearts. They'll know it's the right thing to do."
Julio looked concerned about something and after a few moments he asked with some hesitation, “What’s this?” he asked as Leena moved over closer to him and looked at the notes also.
“Some costs for what it takes to furnish a house, room by room…including the garage.” Alex answered. “It costs about eight thousand dollars minimum. And that’s being frugal. That’s not getting everything you really need and would actually use. It’s just the bare basics. Appliances like a dishwasher, a big enough refrigerator/freezer and washer/dryer sets are the most expensive items to buy. Beds, blankets and bedding, tables, chairs, couches, lamps, light bulbs, drapes and blinds… the costs really add up. No wonder people go into debt through financing as soon as they move out of their parents home.”
“Why is this on paper? Don’t you use your laptop for this?” Julio wondered.
“Of course I do. But were here to eat dinner and I didn’t plan to work on the presentation but I keep thinking about some of the frustrated looks people give us after we finish our presentations…”
“Money on the mind…always thinking about money,” Julio said quietly referring to Alex as he shook his head in disbelief that she couldn’t even relax and allow for some real celebration of their current success.
Alex scoffed, “Look, so far the presentation is great for us. Yes, the money seems to be rolling in. But what if the presentation isn’t great for them? What if it isn’t great for the audience who are supposed to benefit from what we’ve learned?”
“How can they not benefit? Is what you told them true or not?” Julio asked in defense of the team’s hard work.
“Okay. Yes, they can benefit. Yes, what we told them is true in so far as our non-expert minds have learned from others who have had success. It could be hard for them to hear the truth but maybe they shouldn’t worry about retirement right now as much as they should focus on other financial needs such as emergency savings and retooling to increase their income. I mean, after all, if they’re struggling over twenty-five percent or more as a figure, then how can we help them learn quickly enough how to discover their own talents and use their talents so they can earn what they need to earn to be prepared for emergencies as well as have enough for retirement?” Julio and Leena were at a loss for words. If Alex, the thirteen-year-old financial wonder didn’t know, how could Julio or Leena know when they never even thought of these things until Alex came along.
“Well, my dad seems to be able to afford everything well,” Julio shrugged. He never thought to worry over a lack of money because of the success of his dad’s business.
“That’s because your dad is a multimillionaire,” Alex said.
“My dad’s successful too,” Leena chimed in.
“I know that. What’s your point?” Alex asked a little annoyed.
“We know earning enough is possible,” Leena answered somewhat cheerfully.
“Yeah. All hope isn’t lost. People just have to choose the right career so they can afford to handle the challenges of life as well as to enjoy simply living,” Julio agreed.
“And they can still do it charitably. My dad gave a hundred thousand dollars to support cancer research last year. It’s doable,” Leena said.
“We do, after all, encourage people to save well and earn well to have millions for retirement,” Julio said thoughtfully.
“That’s because that’s what a successful retirement requires,” Alex replied still thinking.
“We’ll figure out a way to show them how they can use their talents to earn an honorable income and sufficient one since we’re showing them they should aim to earn enough. If more people are doing what they already love to do and what they know they’re really good at, then they’ll have more hope and a stronger drive to earn enough Yes! Let’s definitely do that!” Alex said with a breath of relief that maybe they could help people even more than they had so far. “By the way, Leena, did you finish the newspaper art? The one that helps us to have hopes for good marketing in the news so we can help others?” Alex asked.
“Yep!” She then tossed Alex and Julio the artwork she did to help them imagine getting good feedback from the press.
“That’s really good, Leena! Can I hang one of these on my wall at home?” Alex politely requested.
“Of course! There are plenty of copies for all of us,” Leena smiled proudly.
Julio looked at the newspaper art and smiled brightly from ear to ear. He then set it down close beside him so he wouldn’t forget to take it home later. "I bet we get a hundred more appointments!" Julio said optimistically as he playfully tossed a Frisbee sideways up towards the ceiling and caught it again.
"Don't get your hopes up too high, Julio." Alex warned politely.
"We have to set our goals high if we're going to get even close to reaching them. Right?" Julio said making a reference to one of the lessons taught in the presentation as he tossed the Frisbee up again.
"If we did get a hundred appointments, would you guys get too tired of the work? Even though it's for a good cause?" Alex wondered.
"Not me. I like what we chose for the Triple-C" Leena smiled proudly.
"Not if I'm well fed." Julio added wryly. "Speaking of which, I can't wait to eat! I'm hungry!"
"I don't think what's waiting downstairs is a buffet of marshmallows, Julio." Alex said in jest.
Julio stopped playing with the Frisbee to address Alex's last verbal jab directly. He spoke in a dignified manner as he said, "I'll have you know that marshmallows are not the only food I enjoy."
"Oh really?" Alex challenged.
"I bet you don't like the same foods Alex likes. Alex likes delicious health food." Leena added now fanning Alex's flames of contest.
"Try me. Name your three favorite vegetables." Julio said confidently. He was up to the challenge.
"I absolutely love steamed asparagus. Cooked brussel sprouts with butter is heavenly! I also love all varieties of onions since they add so much wonderful flavor to meals." Alex said honestly as she looked for Julio's reaction.
"Do you prefer your asparagus with or without hollandaise sauce?" Julio inquired maintaining his dignified confidence. Alex was stunned that Julio even knew what hollandaise sauce was. Leena was getting a kick over seeing the two talk game over favorite foods.
"With." Alex responded matter-of-factly.
"I enjoy it both ways. I like steamed asparagus with hollandaise sauce or plain. I might add a little salt if it's plain." He added while making a pinched gesture with his hand to indicate a small amount of salt.
"So what are you favorite vegetables, Julio?" Alex challenged back.
"I happen to like all of the ones you said plus cucumbers, tomatoes, water chestnuts, mushrooms and cauliflower. And if the cauliflower is steamed and then topped with a bunch of cheese that melts on top then I’ll like it even  better!"
"Did you know that a great way to enjoy two vegetables in one dish is to mix them together? I love it when my mom mixes cooked cauliflower into her homemade mashed potatoes!" Leena said as if dreaming about them right then.
Alex looked curiously at Leena and asked, "What other vegetables do you like Leena?"
"All of the same ones both of you like! Plus steamed artichoke hearts. Those are the best with melted butter!"
"Why is it that butter makes everything taste so good?" Julio wondered.
"Because of all the fat. That's why. But it's not good fat though. Olive oil or canola oil is good fat. But since butter is still healthy to use from time to time, I'll still use it occasionally. It tastes too good not to." Alex replied.
"That's part of why I like onions so much. If you use olive oil when you sauté vegetables, like with zucchini, it really adds a lot of great flavor so you don't have to use butter." Alex added.
"You like zucchini too?" Julio asked.
"Yep!" Then the three of them began to look at each other as if waiting for one of them to take back what they said about liking vegetables in order to make fun of the others. As the three sat looking at one another, their increasing skepticism showing on each of their faces, Julio decided to take a chance on reading everyone’s mind and breaking the silence. 
"Is this some kind of a joke between you two? Are you guys serious about liking those vegetables or are you trying to play a trick on me?" They both looked at Julio and one another in shock. "Or are you thinking what I'm thinking?"
Leena looked bewildered and then asked, "What are you talking about?"
Julio looked confused. Alex looked at Leena and Leena looked back at Alex before they both looked at Julio.
"Do you guys really like those vegetables?" Julio asked timidly bracing himself for possible humiliation for speaking the truth about the foods he likes.
"Yes!" Both Leena and Alex said in aggravated unison.
"Why would we joke about that?" Alex asked not hiding her annoyance in the least.
"Because other kids might." Julio said.
"That's because they're idiots." Alex said in further annoyance.
"They're not idiots." Leena corrected Alex. "They just haven't been properly introduced to great tasting foods that are really healthy. Like the vegetables we like," Leena said as if she were a matchmaker for gourmet foods and the people who may enjoy them. “And some people find the word ‘idiot’ to be offensive, just so you know,” she added with a clear look of disapproval.
Alex sighed. “You’re right. I’ll be more careful about what words I use to describe people who aren’t using common sense about things.” She then thought for a few moments and added, "Healthy foods. There's another spending issue."
"You're always thinking about money." Julio half-joked.
"Not always. But the fact is, until healthy foods are made more affordable than fast food and highly processed foods..."
"Also called Junk foods," Leena added.
"Right. Until healthy foods begin to cost the same or less than junk food, people aren't going to have the kind of health and physical strength they want for their lives."
"Healthy foods affect the emotions too you know. Too much sugar can cause symptoms of fatigue, depression and moodiness for a lot of people." Leena sighed.
"I know." Alex replied.
"How do you guys know all of this stuff?" Julio asked bewildered.
"My Dad is a doctor. He always had all kinds of health journals lying around our house growing up." Alex reflected. "I've read a few articles in them."
"My Mom subscribes to a few health magazines. You've seen them around here, Julio." Leena said.
"I figured your mom would read them. I just didn't think you read them too." He said slightly annoyed over her insinuation that he wasn't aware of the environment at the Lilly home. He often prided himself at being like his security minded father by being constantly aware of his surroundings. Since simple things around you can tell a lot about how safe or unsafe a person or place really is. Leena simply shrugged off his defense. "I'm hungry." Julio said trying to be a peacemaker and find common ground. "Anyone else hungry?"
"I am," Leena sighed now laying her head on a nearby pillow.
"Me too," Alex joined.
"I also like cheesecake." Julio tossed in as an after thought.
"I like strawberry gelatin." Leena said.
"Do either of you like grilled chicken or grilled fish?" Julio asked curiously. Both Leena and Alex nodded in agreement. "Me too." Julio said as he rubbed his stomach.
"Do you think there will be a side of lemon wedges available? I like a little lemon with my ice water." Alex asked Leena.
"My mom is the superb hostess of all hostesses. It wouldn't surprise me in the least if she had nearly everything we all mentioned as favorite foods as a part of our dinner in one form or another." Leena smiled a bit tired from her hunger.
"Sweet!" Julio smiled. "I can't wait!"
Leena then thought to give everyone a reminder in simple manners as she said, "But none of us should complain if we don't like some of the food since that would be rude." Alex and Julio sighed thinking their gastronomic hopes might be shot down but they still nodded in agreement. Leena saw their downcast expressions and didn't want everyone to be without hope. "But like I said. My mom is a superb hostess. I'm sure there will be plenty of things to eat that we all like." Big smiles returned to both Alex and Julio's faces. Leena was glad.
“Maybe we should go down there and offer to help out. You know, like help set the table or chop up vegetables or something. I don’t want to seem lazy or like I’m expecting to be treated like some selfish, egotistical snob who cries ‘I’m entitled!’ by my lack of contribution,” Alex suggested.
“Yeah, that’s a good idea. Let’s go see how we can help,” Leena agreed. All three began to get up to go downstairs. Just then, the three heard the doorbell ring downstairs. As they listened for the front door to open, they waited to hear the remaining parents’ voices. Once all of the parents had arrived, it would soon be time to eat. At first, they could only hear the voices of greetings of Meredith and Samuel, but soon after, Manuel and Lucita were also heard saying 'hello' as they entered the front door.
"Leena, Julio, Alex..." Amelia called up to the three hungry souls. "Dinner is ready!"
All three of them smiled in excitement and ran down the stairs eager to eat many of the foods they had just dreamed about. They would not be disappointed.



The next Saturday morning, Alex called Leena on her cell phone. "Hey. It's me. What are you up to?" Leena was painting her toenails. 
"I'll give you a hint. It involves fingernail polish."
"How in the world are you painting your fingernails and talking to me at the same time? Do you have me on speakerphone? Because you know how I hate being on speakerphone without knowing it." Alex chided.
"What?!" Leena protested. "You know I'm not that rude. I'm not going to put you on speakerphone and not tell you. And I'm not attempting the so-called impossible task of painting my nails since I'm doing my toenails not my fingernails." She said more kindly.
"Oh." Alex said a bit embarrassed for assuming Leena would betray Alex's known preferences for phone etiquette.
"What are you up to?" Leena asked.
"I just wondered if you might want to hang out today."
"Sounds good to me. But just so you know, we're out of fresh raspberries and strawberries over here so we won't be able to make any low-sugar smoothies today. Just in case you were wondering."
"Actually, I thought we could make some smoothies at my house today since Aunt Meredith just bought some fresh berries this morning." Alex responded. Leena nearly dropped her phone in shock that Alex was inviting her to play at the Andrews home. 
"Are you really inviting me to come over to your home?" Leena asked.
"Yep. That's what I'm doing. So what'll it be? Are you coming?" Alex asked. This was an exciting proposal for Leena since she had only been over at Alex's twice and both times Leena had only been as far as the front entrance since she was with her mom and they were only there to pick up Alex and Meredith when they took turns providing rides to do their presentation. Julio's mom had driven them all once also. Leena wanted to ask what took Alex so long to invite her over but she didn't want to potentially spark an argument. She figured she'd wait to actually in Alex’s room and then see how things felt if it might be okay to ask then. Otherwise she would simply remain silent and enjoy the time at Alex's place. Leena valued their friendship too much to start a fight over such a trivial matter of how long it took to be invited.
Quickly fanning her toenails dry in excitement over going to Alex's home, Leena said, "Let me go ask my mom. I'm pretty sure she won't mind. Can you hold on a second?"
"Yeah. But if you take longer than sixty seconds to find out, I might change my mind." Alex said in jest.
Leena chuckled. She secretly liked it when Alex was commanding even when she wasn't joking. "I'll be fast." She then ran over to her mom who was playing with Leena's little sister, Leah. "Mom, can I go over to visit Alex at her house today?" She asked with quiet pleading facial expressions. 
"You over at Alex's home? I suppose that's fine. But don't stay more than a few hours."
"Okay. Thanks mom!" Leena covered her cell phone and let out a quick squeal of excitement before giving Alex the news. "My mom said it's okay. I'll see you in a few!"
"See you soon." Alex said before hanging up.
Leena felt Alex's invitation to hang out at her place made it nearly official that they were best friends. For much of the time so far Leena wondered how much Alex really liked her since she had never invited her to visit with her at her Aunt and Uncle's home. Leena didn't really mind that they always hung out or studied at her home instead of Alex's since she was just thrilled Alex kept coming over nearly every time Leena invited. But now that she was invited by Alex, she felt hopeful that their feelings of close friendship were more mutual.
“If you two need me, I’ll be in the garage,” Meredith smiled just before she headed out the door.
“Okay,” Alex replied. “She’s helping my Uncle Samuel out while he’s at work. She’s agreed to rotate the tires on her car. Sometimes he does them. Sometimes she does them. It’s actually his turn but he’s too busy to do it. They call it compromising, which is another way to say that she’s off the hook for dinner tonight because she’s handling the tires,” Alex said to Leena but Leena was more excited about simply being with Alex at the Andrews home more than what was going on with Meredith and Samuel. 
As the two sat at the kitchen table finishing their homemade smoothies, Leena sat smiling at Alex. This made Alex give Leena a knowing look. "You want to see my room, don't you?" Alex smiled as if reading her mind. Leena smiled even wider as she nodded her head essentially unashamed to admit that's what she was thinking. "You know, my room is no big mystery." Alex said as if she were bored while spooning up the last traces of smoothie at the bottom of her glass. She then smiled to let Leena know she was teasing her. Leena had already finished her smoothie and was now simply waiting eagerly for Alex to lead the way and shed some light on what Leena felt was a mystery. But Alex tortured Leena a little longer in delaying the further invite by dragging her spoon slowly across the bottom of her glass in vain as no smoothie was left.
"So if it's no big mystery, then why haven't you invited me over sooner?" She asked Alex teasing back. Alex tried to hide her smile as she left her glass and quickly stood up. 
"Let's go." Alex then led the way.
"You didn't answer my question." Leena said wryly as she followed Alex.
"Maybe I will. Maybe I won't." She retorted while looking over her shoulder at Leena. Leena smiled while squinting her eyes at Alex as if Leena were a detective who would be watching her every move cautiously. Once Alex opened the door to her bedroom, she walked in and shrugged her shoulders and said, "See? No big mystery."
She then leaned up against one of the walls and let Leena's eyes explore her room. Alex’s room was just as it usually was at the Andrews: clean and orderly. As Leena walked in and looked around, Alex picked up her multicolored laser pointer and began to shine it first on the ceiling, then on a nearby wall until finally pointing it at Leena's necklace. Alex made circular motions which made the colorful beams reflect and shimmer in different directions off Leena's necklace. 
Leena noticed the sparkling effects and asked without looking at Alex, "Do you like my necklace?"
"I like what my pointer is doing with your necklace." Alex smirked. "But I also like your necklace."
Now looking directly at Alex, Leena held out her open hand and politely commanded, "Pointer." Alex turned it off and tossed it to her and she caught it easily in her hand. She then turned it on and pointed it right back at Alex so the lights danced along her forehead. "Tell me why it took so long for you to show me such a supposedly boring and non-mysterious room or I'll shine these lasers into your eyes and blind you right now," she said playfully to Alex.
"If you point those lasers in my eyes you really will blind me! You do realize that. Right?" Alex said trying to joke and mask her real worry that Leena might actually shine the lasers in her eyes and blind her.
"Then you better tell me why." Leena threatened in jest. Alex grabbed a nearby pair of sunglasses and put them on to protect her eyes and continue the so-called mystery.
"No fair." Leena said with a teasing sour face. She then turned off the laser and plopped herself down to sit on the edge of Alex's bed. "Okay. That's fine. You know there’s’ no way I would’ve pointed the lasers into your eyes. I like you too much to ever blind you. You don't have to tell me why it took you so long if you don't want to." She then looked around as if to find something else to talk about.
"I wasn't sure what you would think." Alex mumbled as Leena looked around.
"What?" Leena asked. She was looking directly at Alex.
Alex removed her sunglasses and repeated more clearly yet still timidly, "I said, I wasn't sure what you would think."
"Of what?" Leena asked bewildered.
"My room." Alex shrugged. "I mean, it's not as big as your room. It's certainly not as nice." Alex's eyes then gazed on her room. "You would've liked my room back home. You know, at my real home. My parents home."
“Maybe I wouldn’t have liked your old room back at your real home,” Leena challenged.
“Why not? You haven’t even seen it,” Alex protested confused. Leena remained quiet for a few moments as she simply looked into Alex’s eyes. This caught Alex off guard and caused her to soften a little as Leena had Alex’s full attention. 
“I heard what kinds of things happened to you, Alex. Your aunt Meredith talked with my mom and my mom told me. You tell me how cool your room was back home but what your brother Dex so often did to you in your room wasn’t so cool. Was it?” Leena asked with a half-smile of an awkward attempt of compassion on a subject Alex hadn’t brought up yet. Alex wasn’t sure what to say.
“Do you want to talk about it?” Leena asked quietly.
“No. Not right now. The fact is, God saved me and now I live in this room, which I still think isn’t as cool as I’d like it to be,” Alex said trying to avoid talking about any negative memories. “It’s okay if you don’t like my room,” Alex added trying to hide the fact that she really did care if Leena liked it or not. Leena was happy to talk about whatever Alex was comfortable with. So she decided to just follow Alex’s lead for now and not pry further into Alex’s pain about her family.
"You didn't invite me over this entire time because you thought I wouldn't like your room?" Leena asked in compassionate disbelief. "Alex. That's ridiculous. I can't believe you thought I might reject you because your room might be boring. And it's not, by the way. I think it's nice."
"You think it's 'nice.' But it's not cool," Alex replied carefully noting Leena's choice of words.
"There is one particular feature of your room that is very cool." She smiled mysteriously. Alex tried to hold back a smile over what Leena might say. "The fact that you are in it..." She smiled. "…and me too!" she half-squealed excitedly as she clapped her hands together. Alex rolled her eyes over Leena's excitement.
"I don't know why you like me so much."
"Because you're ambitious and you're bossy. But you're only bossy because you know what you want." Leena smiled more.
"I'm bossy?" Alex asked unsure how to accept it as a compliment. "Bossy isn't usually a complimentary word, you know."
"You're a leader. It's like you don't know how to follow. I wish I was like that."
"Yeah, well, if I were more of a follower, maybe I'd be more teachable." Alex said thoughtfully.
"I suppose there's a time for each of us to lead and a time for each of us to follow." Leena responded. "I think I just need to work more on strengthening any potential I have as a leader. I'm not sure I have much potential that way though."
"Yeah you do. You've got plenty of potential." Alex encouraged. "I think the fact is, those who struggle the most with being too much of a follower have a greater chance to be a great leader."
"Why do you say that?"
"Because you care about it more. If you don't care about improving something you're not going to have as much desire to get to it and improve."
"That's a good point." Leena replied. She then walked around Alex's room and explored more. She saw several financial articles pinned up on the wall by her desk. "You really do care a lot about money. You must really want to improve your finances. However much or little you have, anyway," she said to Alex. She then looked over and saw Alex's empty wooden window frame behind her bedroom door. "What's this?" she asked as she picked it up and looked at it.
"Something I care about more than money." Alex answered as if to politely warn Leena to handle it carefully. Alex watched Leena's face to see what Leena might think of Alex's humble treasure.
"But it's just an empty window frame." Leena said thoughtlessly.
"No, it's not," Alex corrected. She then walked over towards Leena as she noticed Alex's earlier childhood handwriting along the center of the top board of the frame.
Leena read it aloud. "Lest you live a life of regret, never forget the love and blessings of heaven’s view." Leena looked curiously at Alex. "Did you write this? How old were you? Four?"
"Seven," Alex answered in disappointment as she sensed Leena wasn’t being sensitive enough to Alex’s feelings about her cherished window. She reached to take the frame away but Leena moved it teasingly out of Alex's grasp.
"I want to know what this is for."
"Stop joking Leena. Give it back," Alex sighed in frustration. "I told you I care more about it than money," Alex said as she held her hand out waiting for Leena to give the window frame to her. Leena handed the frame to Alex.
"And you wonder why I took so long to invite you over." Leena then realized it was more than just the image of a potentially boring room that Alex was protecting. She then felt awful and apologized to Alex. 
"I'm sorry, Alex. I guess I didn't really know how important that was to you. Was that something special your grandpa made for you or something? Did your Dad make it?" Alex remained silent as she put it back behind her door. "It's okay. You don't have to tell me. We can talk about something else if you want." Leena's heart was now filling with compassion for whatever it was about the frame that Alex was so sensitive over. Alex then returned over to the wall she was previously leaning against. The silence became a bit awkward and so Alex decided to break the silence with something she had been thinking about.
"Do you remember when we agreed to have our rooms and friendship be drug-free? Remember when you told me about the tragedy of your younger sister's death from huffing?"
Leena looked at Alex curiously and answered, "Yeah. I remember. Why do you ask?" 
"Well I think we should also agree to a sex-free friendship as well. How about we agree to not peer pressure one another into having sex with anyone before marriage? No matter how much we may like them."
"I'm okay with that." Leena said.
"Yeah but do you feel strongly about it? Because I feel strongly about it."
"Of course I feel strongly about it." Leena replied adamantly. "I don't want either one of us getting hurt and getting some STI or having an unwanted pregnancy because we were too weak to say something out of some social fear of rejection."
"Good. That way we help each other avoid a lot of unnecessary heartache."
"Absolutely." Leena agreed.
"Alex, I really am sorry if I hurt your feelings with my curiosity over your window frame." Leena said now trying to ensure Alex she truly was sorry. Alex felt Leena's sincerity and decided to see how Leena might react to some of Alex's deeper feelings and beliefs about God before telling her more about the window frame and her favorite pastimes of imagining heavens blessings.
"Do you ever have dreams? Dreams you're not sure what to do with?"
"Of course I have dreams. We all do. And I find it very difficult to believe that you would have anything in your life that you didn't know what to do with," Leena said referring back to Alex's natural tendency to make quick decisions and know what she wants. Alex looked bewildered that Leena was so surprised that Alex might have a dream she really didn't know what to do with. "Besides. If you're talking about the Triple-C I think we'll win. You're doing a great job presenting." Leena smiled confidently.
"First of all, I'm actually not talking about the Triple-C. And second of all, I'm not so sure we're going to win." Alex replied.
"Thanks a lot. You know, Julio and I have worked hard too. We should be optimistic." Leena encouraged.
"We should be ‘realistically’ optimistic and I think realistically, we may not get first place. We may not even get second place."
"Well I think we've got a good chance for second place at the very least. But I still hope we get first place."
"I hope so too." Alex sighed. Leena noticed they got off the subject of Alex's dreams and this had Leena intrigued.
"So if you weren't talking about fulfilling the dream of winning the Triple-C, then what were you talking about?" Alex thought deeply and then figured it wasn't the right time to tell Leena about the symbolic dream she had shortly before starting school at North Ivy.
"Nothing. Never mind," Alex retorted tersely.
"No. Not 'nothing.' Tell me about it. Was it a good dream?" Leena asked. She then thought more and gasped, "Was it a nightmare?"
"It wasn't a nightmare. It was actually a good dream. A very good dream. But I've changed my mind. I don't want to talk about it yet." Leena sighed in frustration as she hoped they could do more bonding by opening up more to one another. After all, what's the point of being invited to your friend's home if they're not going to open up their heart too? She then chastised herself in her mind for wanting things to move too fast with Alex. Friends are patient with each other, Leena thought to herself. So she decided not to press her to talk about anything she didn't want to. This way, whenever Alex did decide to open up, it would be more because she wanted to and not out of peer pressure that might build some form of resentment in Alex later. But just in case Alex was the type who wanted her to press further, since Leena knew some people see a little more pressing as an expression of love, Leena decided to let her know that her backing off didn't mean she didn't still care.
"That's fine. I won't pressure you. But if you ever do want to talk about it with me you can, okay? Because I don't want you to think that just because I stop asking you now about your dream that it means that I don't care because that's not true. I actually really want to know but I'm choosing to respect your privacy."
"Thanks," Alex responded. This simple response by Alex was still a bit frustrating for Leena as she still had a part of her that hoped this clarification would help ease Alex into opening up about it anyway. So Leena sat on the edge of the bed and tried to get herself to really mean what she said so she could be sincerely patient with Alex. Then Alex broke the silence with a deeply felt question. "You know I sometimes go with my Aunt Meredith to meetings at Linda Wise's office, right? The meetings about God and the art she wants to display at the museum my Uncle Samuel is building for her. You knew that, right?"
"Yeah. But you haven't really talked much about it though. Why do you ask?"
"Do you believe in God, Leena?"
Leena thought for a moment and said, "Yeah. I guess I do. I'm just not used to anyone asking me."
"I know what you mean. I believe that Jesus Christ is Heavenly Father's Son."
"Same here. Most Christians do."
"Exactly. So I've been attending these meetings with Aunt Meredith where a bunch of researchers are studying things about Jesus and why we're all here on earth and why the atonement of Christ is so important. One of the things I learned recently is that there's more to Christ's great atonement than being redeemed or saved to live in heaven after we die. Another important part of His sacrifice is grace to enable us to get help right now while we're alive before we die." Leena looked like she was struggling to understand. Alex clarified further.
"What I'm learning is that ultimately, the gospel of Jesus Christ is to change human nature by making bad people become good people and for good people to improve to become even better than they were before. So God lets us have experiences to help us improve upon our own natures to become good or better. We get help from our Savior because during His atoning sacrifice, He literally experienced what it was like to be every person who was ever born or will be ever born and He did that so He could have perfect compassion and empathy for us and help us just the way we need it when we need it."
"So He experienced what it was like for me to lose my sister when she died from huffing?" Leena asked quietly in awe.
"Yep. He even knows what it feels like to be you every time you fell off of your bike or were bullied or when you missed your mom anytime she had to hire a babysitter when you were little. Everything. From the moment you were born all the way up through your own death with experiences you yourself haven't even experienced yet. And not just the bad things but the good things too. All of your happiest birthdays or Christmases or anytime you accomplished anything important and felt successful. He experienced everything in your life and everyone's life so He could be the perfect source of help for all of us."
"That's… amazing," Leena said wide-eyed. "But I guess that makes sense because God is supposed to know everything," she added thoughtfully.
"Now, sometimes in life we have challenges that we just can't get through on our own. And even though we might want to pray for a certain challenge to be removed from us, sometimes we have to go through the challenge in order to learn and grow and become better people. So when it's best for us to go through a certain difficulty in life and overcome it, we may not be able to overcome it on our own. This is when we pray for help and then Christ's enabling power is provided through His atonement which provides us divine strength that helps us to be more than what we could be without His help. He can help us to do things we could never do with our own limited abilities."
Alex studied Leena's face for a few moments and then asked, "If I tell you why that window frame is so important to me, do you promise not to make fun or tell anyone else about it?"
Leena could tell Alex was serious. The fact that she was actually opening her heart to her made Leena all the more inclined to be serious about it herself. "Yeah. I promise," she said matching Alex's depth of emotion.
Alex pulled the window frame over near her and looked at it and said, "My brother Glade and my Uncle Samuel helped me make this a long time ago. It was for an extra big dollhouse that would be built in our backyard. You know big enough to play in. But I didn't want a dollhouse so I decided I would make it a comfortable place for our dogs, "Twinkle" and "Bubbles." Leena giggled over the cute names of their family pets. Alex smiled as she agreed they were cute names for very cute pets. Alex missed them both. She then continued.
"It was a gift from my mom. She said she would make sure it got finished. But it never did. Uncle Samuel even offered to help me finish it once but I never really pushed him for help so it didn't get built. So I started to use it for something else."
"What did you use it for?" Leena wondered.
"I used it to visualize hope. A hope that isn't easily seen or heard but is more like a feeling of the heart. A miracle of hope that rings loud enough in the human heart to make doubts and discouragement disintegrate." Alex answered.
Leena looked confused and replied, "I don't get it."
"There's a lot of sadness and pain in this world, right?"
"Unfortunately, yes," Leena sighed.
"You've experienced it. I've experienced it. Your mom has. My mom has. Other kids at school have." Alex then paused to gather her thoughts. "If we don't have hope for some kind of good that comes from our pain, some good that we recognize sooner or later, then why are any of us still here? Why care about life itself if we can't see the good that's all around us even blessings we can't always see." Leena was listening intently. "When I was little, I used to imagine that this was a window up in heaven. Like a window of heaven's view. Heaven's view of life. I would picture blessings happening that only God could see and that we were meant to simply have faith in. Then once we had faith and believed enough, we would see more of how God had His hand in our lives as a blessing for us and those we love."
Leena started to catch on more. "You mean like imagining angels helping us?"
"Yes!" Alex said excitedly. She was thrilled that Leena got it.
"No way." Leena said enchanted with the prospects of such imaginations.
"But here's the thing you have to know before I show you some things." Alex said in a tone of caution. "Most people think that in order to have a spiritual experience that you have to see some big dramatic display from heaven. But since I've been studying the bible more, I'm learning that big manifestations from God are actually pretty rare. That's why they're often called extraordinary experiences because that's basically what extraordinary means is that it's a rare thing to have happen. Of course they happen when God wants it to for us as His children but usually He guides us through quiet inspiration you know, like thoughts and feelings in our heart. Usually peaceful feelings and thoughts that encourage us to be better people. I think that's why most law-abiding citizens believe in God."
"So you imagine blessings happening through angels that none of us can see and only God sees, but yet you want me to remember that people expect to see angels or some big miracle when they shouldn't?" Leena looked perplexed.
"Yeah. I think it's a good thing to look for the good in what some may see as a bad situation. Like a car accident. Some people only focus on the bad and they usually have a lot of depression and sadness and even bitterness if they get angry enough. But other people look for whatever good comes from what may be a bad situation and they usually heal faster and are happier. I think it's good to imagine God's hand blessing our lives but I never expect to actually see an angel or some other big divine manifestation from God just to satisfy my own need to believe in Him," Alex said. "I believe that spiritual blessings including many of God's miracles are often done privately as God strengthens his relationships with each of his children in sacred ways. Since God is humble and therefore doesn't feel a need to show off his divine powers, he manifests his powers to us often in ways that others can't see. This is a pattern we read about in His holy scriptures. This way he keeps sacred things hidden from those insincere individuals or groups who would mock or otherwise remain skeptical of his divine love and purposes." Alex said.
"What do you mean 'divine manifestation'?" Leena asked.
"That's like a big heavenly display like when Moses parted the Red Sea or when fire shot out of the sky when he was still trying to get Pharaoh to let God's people go. Miracles you can actually see or hear."
"Got it." Leena replied. "Do you think God still uses angels today?"
"Of course He does. He hasn't changed that way. He's just as selective today with who sees angels and other divine manifestations and who doesn't and He still has His purposes in all that. He hasn't changed."
Leena then said wistfully, "I wonder why so many people don't believe in angelic help or God's power anymore."
"I suppose when it's been hundreds of years since most people last heard of a divine manifestation occurring by God's hand for His people that it might be hard to believe He would do so again. But He teaches us that no miracle can occur when people choose not to believe. We have to have faith in His ability to work miracles. So we need hope to believe," Alex replied.
“So God really cares about us, huh?” Leena asked.
“Absolutely! He loves us more than we can imagine. This life is the only time we’ll live under what you could call an illusion that we are not surrounded by love. Because when we lived in heaven with our Heavenly Father as His children before we were born, we were all surrounded constantly by love. You know the bible says that God notices even when a sparrow falls from the sky. That’s because I believe He has assigned angels that we can’t see to watch over us and all of His creations to silently take notes on what’s happening. He wants to know how we spend every minute of every day of our lives so God can know what blessings and guidance we need for our happiness. The Lord is eager to bless us. 
“Record keeping angels are assigned to each and every one of us – starting at each person’s birth – but they wait to take note of any sins until each of us become old enough – around eight years old to understand the basics of right from wrong. These notes also help God to know all of the good that we do so we can get blessed for it now in this life and later on when we meet Him to be held accountable and judged for what we did with the gifts he’s given us – our bodies, our lives, our fond relationships etc. But when these angels take notes of all of the bad things we do, the only way to get our bad deeds erased is to sincerely repent and then He’ll forgive us for messing up and then our personal history book that heaven keeps as a record of each of our lives is edited to show the atonement of Gods Son, Jesus Christ, covers us. But we have to be sincere which means we admit our mistakes to the people we’ve hurt and we stop committing the sin and become better people in our heart and in what we do and say from then on,” Alex replied. “I bet there’s two angels – maybe more – assigned to each person born since the law is that the testimony of two or three witnesses is how truth is best established.”
“Wow,” Leena mumbled in awe.
“God really looks out for us so He always knows what we need as blessings in advance. Cool, huh?” Alex said.
"Yeah,” Leena answered still amazed at the idea of angels taking detailed notes of everyday life to bless us and at times warn us. “So what are some of the things you imagine with the window frame?" Leena wondered.
"Lots of things. Tell me a hard situation someone could have in life and we can think of what blessings and miracles could come from it."
Leena began thinking deeply. “A man goes hiking and gets lost and is attacked by a wild animal when he tries to find his way back home."
"Perfect! What country? Here in America? Or in China? India?" Alex asked.
"Australia!" Leena answered excitedly.
"How old is the man?"
"In his twenties." Leena said. Alex thought for a bit and then clapped her hands in excitement as she got an idea.
"Now as we do this, keep in mind that because angels work with divine power they don't need wings so they don't have wings. We're talking about human spirits before they’re born that are bright white with light and are just like an adult but they’re a heavenly spirit. When anyone paints or draws an angel with wings, it's usually because they've been taught incorrectly about angels. God isn't limited in his powers so I promise you, angels don't have wings because they don't need them."
"Why would angels only be spirits? Didn't a bunch of people get resurrected after Christ's resurrection? That's what it says in the New Testament. God could use them as angels and they would have a physical, immortal body, right?" Leena asked. Alex was surprised at Leena's insight. 
"Yeah. That makes sense. I'm not going to say God can't use immortal resurrected beings from the time of Christ as angels."
"Okay. So what's the challenge the guy in Australia is going through that he needs heaven to help him with?"
Alex then began a hypothetical scenario. ”The hiker’s father began to worry when his son didn't return home on time. So the father prays to God for help and then does what he can to help that process along as God desires all of us to do all that we can for our own freedom in self-sufficiency. God will help us after such faith but He also helps us while we do what we can. So after the father prays for the safe return of his son, he leaves to go looking for him while continuing to offer a prayer in his heart from time to time along the way. As the father is praying and looking for his son, his son has just survived a serious attack from a wild animal and the son is trying to get back home to get help for his wounds. But the young man is in pain and is becoming ever weaker as he remains lost as he tries walks with a bad limp. He stops to rest under a tree and he prays to God for help as he is exhausted and can do no more. So God sends three angels. They’re all super bright with light. They all wear just solid white robe like clothing. Everything about them is so bright with light. Even their clothing is intensely bright with heavenly light.”
“They’re so bright it’s like lightning.” Leena added using one hand to partly cover her eyes. She squinted her eyes imagining they were too bright to look at directly.
“Yes! That’s it!” Alex was ecstatic that Leena was getting it. “Blindingly bright white light! But no one there can see them. So the hiker doesn’t see them. Two of the three angels silently hold a special book and write notes of everything they see that is going on–– including the thoughts of the hiker and the animals. They can write it perfectly accurately and thoroughly and make a perfect video like recording of everything at the same time. A third angel guides a large water buffalo over about five yards away from this severely injured man who is now resting under a tree as the sun is going down. The angels are dressed in all white and glow with a radiance of extremely white light and they’re right there by the injured man, right next to him–– but he doesn’t see them and he doesn’t hear them. The water buffalo does not attack the young man but instead simply sits down and stays put.
“That is sooo cool!” Leena whispered. Alex nodded, smiling excitedly in agreement and then continued.
“Although the presence of the nearby water buffalo alarms the young man who is alone, he is too weak and too tired to move. The water buffalo stays in the same spot all night while another angel remains near the young man to comfort him enough to help him sleep since the young mans body will heal faster if he gets some rest. He'll also have the energy he'll need to keep looking for help the next morning. Having the angel command the water buffalo to lie down near the young man and to refrain from attacking him and to not leave him until the morning is a highly effective way to protect the man since all other animals fear the water buffalo and so as other predators stalk the young man as potential prey, they soon see the water buffalo nearby and they leave the young man alone. So the end result is a success: to protect the man from further harm so he could safely rest until he finds the help he needs.”
“That’s so cool how the angels make good use out of the animals nearby, cleverly using the one with the greatest power to protect him be the one that’s there to ironically save him rather than harm him. That’s amazing!” Leena was loving it.
“If heaven can achieve the same end result with one angel as it can with a dozen angels called to protect from all other animal threats, it makes more sense to simply use the one to get heavens work done and thereby free up other angels for other heavenly work. The young man cannot help but to fall asleep but when he wakes in the early morning to the sudden sounds of an approaching swarm of bees he is quickly motivated to get up and move on to find help which he does within about fifteen minutes as he happens upon a group of people who have just arrived for a hike. He would not have crossed their path at the right time if he had slept longer. They have a first aid kit, food, water and they help him with his wounds and get him back home safely. The rescuing angel returned to heaven once the young man had found further help through others while the other two angels continue to stay with the young man to take notes of his life. His father is grateful to see his prayers of faith answered as he greets his son who is now safe in the hospital.” Alex smiled brightly. She was thrilled by the possibilities of how God cares and shares his power to save in so many ways.
Leena’s mind was baffled over how much detail Alex would use to imagine how God would bless someone. "Let's do another one. You pick a story of another dangerous situation someone gets saved from." She then grabbed a nearby scented candle that was by Alex’s bed and smelled it. Leena took a deep breath enjoying the vanilla scent before she set it back down to listen more.
"Okay." Alex agreed. “A woman on a business trip stays in a hotel and wakes to the sounds of approaching footsteps outside. The motel she is staying in has immediate outside entry to all motel rooms just as most apartment complexes do. She is on the first floor. It is 12:45am and she has the thought to go brace herself against the door to keep a man with the intent to harm her from coming in. She follows her intuitive thoughts immediately and sneaks over quickly to the door. As soon as she gets to the door she realizes the man outside has successfully unlocked her door and is trying to get in. Two unseen heavenly angels are taking notes about everything he is doing and thinking and everything she is thinking and experiencing. So she pushes harder against the door to keep him from entering since the security chain lock near the top of the door is broken. As the man pushes and pushes and tries to get in, she looks around for something heavy to put against the door but anything she could use is too far out of her reach. If she stops pushing against the entry door to go get something even for a moment she knows he can get in. She can't even reach the phone to call the police. So she prays to God for strength to keep the man out. Her prayers are answered as a third angel sent to save her from harm touches the woman’s head and blesses her to have superhuman strength for the time she needs to continue pressing against the door to keep him out.” Leena was so excited she chimed in. 
“She never sees the angel or feels the actual touch but the strength she is given is real. It’s so real that it lasts far beyond what a woman of her small size could normally handle on her own since the man tries persistently for nearly five hours straight to enter. The angel also provides thoughts in the woman’s mind that encourage her to stay with it and notice how long she's been able to keep him from getting in so far. Other thoughts are given to her that keep her strong and believing to remain prayerful. Just before sunrise, the man gives up and she feels at peace that he has left.” Leena was glowing proudly over the brilliance of ideas that she shared.
“As always, two angels assigned to record everything about the man’s life were all the while taking careful notes of the evil harm the man was trying to inflict upon the woman,“ Alex added as she joined Leena to sit next to her on the bed.
“She was given miraculous strength as if she were much larger and stronger so she could hold out a determined criminal for nearly five incredibly long hours nonstop.”
“The rescuing angel leaves as soon as she is safe and the criminal is gone and the now exhausted woman is able to put herself in a better position to get some much needed rest safely. Next time she stays in a motel with an outside entry, she brings her door jam she uses at home with her to secure the door with against potential intruders so they can’t kick open or otherwise force open the door.” Alex was thrilled Leena was enjoying it so much.
“This is so much fun! No wonder you like your window frame so much!” Leena smiled as she bounced up and down a bit.
"Want to do another one?" Alex asked excitedly.
"Yeah!" Leena replied. “Let’s do imagine a story about a seventy-year-old grandmother who lifts car after surviving a major car accident to save her grandchild who is trapped inside. The vehicle is upside down with most of the roof crushed. She prays for help and an unseen angel provides the elderly woman supernatural strength. One angel stays with the grandmother to help her think clearly despite the stress.
“She also gets the health and strength needed to lift the car.”
“Another angel remains near the grandchild and makes sure that comfort is given to the little one and that no major injuries have occurred. The angels remain with the grandmother and grandchild to comfort and strengthen them throughout the whole thing. When the police arrive they have a hard time believing that the woman actually lifted the car. But when a stranger pulls their car over and talks to them, they explain that they saw the woman lifting the car so they turned their car around to go back and see who this miracle woman of such extraordinary strength was and to offer any help to her or whoever she was trying to rescue. The police were amazed. Both the grandmother and child survived. Again, the whole time, each person had bright white, glowing angels assigned to them who were silently taking notes on the details of their lives in anticipation of blessings requested and given in heavenly mercy.
“The angels were also there ready to provide any justice needed, either on earth and/or after death as divinely justified and lawfully fulfilled because, after all, we may each choose to sin but we cannot choose the consequences. Technically, higher eternal laws cannot be broken but we can only break ourselves against them if we freely choose it.” Alex chimed in. She then moved a decorative pillow over on the bed so she could sit more comfortably.
“I totally believe an old grandma could get that strength to save someone,” Leena said as she clapped her hands a few times excitedly.
“That’s a great one!” Alex’s mind was racing with how much faith Leena had in the power of God to answer prayers. 
“This is much more fun than the Triple-C!” Leena sighed with a smile. She then leaned back on Alex’s bed to get more comfortable.
“Or how about this one?” Alex asked as she stood by the side of her bed and then pretended to act out parts of the next story.” A firefighter goes to rescue a mother and her child who are trapped upstairs in their burning home. Everyone involved has angels that are assigned to provide loving assistance although the lightning bright angels remain unseen by all who receive the heavenly help. The firefighter pushes a door open with miraculous strength to rescue them as the mother prays in her heart with faith in the Lord's ability to help the firefighters to rescue them. Had the firefighter seen what was on the other side of the door he was pushing against he may have never even tried to enter that way and had he tried another entrance it would've been too late to save them. What was on the other side of the door that he miraculously pushed through was a large heavy, wooden beam that was at an otherwise impossible angle to push through but he did it with divine aid and the mother looked on in awe over what she witnessed. The firefighter, the mother and her child all got out safely. The mother and child had only moderate burns.” Alex looked at Leena and smiled since she realizes now that she has Leena as a friend she can trust to share her feelings about God with.
"Oh! I've got another one!" Leena said. “A woman is out at night in the early evening alone and isn't aware that she's being stalked by her ex-boyfriend who is about to attack her. Once she realizes he is following her and that she is in danger because of his past abuse of her, she starts running away from him as fast as she can. As she is being chased by her ex-boyfriend, she is saved by divine intervention as he chases her. An angel, not seen by her or anyone else, appears to provide additional divinely appointed aid in answer to the woman’s prayers. As she prays with faith in Christ for heavens help she is given extra strength from God by the touch of His angel to out run her ex-boyfriend.”
“He gives up chasing her but he then starts firing at her with his gun as she continues to run away. One of the shots completely misses her and the other three go right through the back of her coat jacket missing her body with the exception of one that slightly grazes her side. Now, imagine the woman running in slow motion…” Leena then hopped off the bed and pretended to be the woman running in slow motion. Alex then continued. “ …and the super bright white angel dressed in all white simply places her heavenly hand close behind the woman and absorbs the bullets force with her immortal hand so that it ultimately appears that one of the bullets is stopped miraculously by the back of her pant belt. As soon as the man is done firing and gives up, the angel returns to heaven.”
“After the woman successfully escapes and survives the attack, she considers the lodged bullet stuck in the back of her belt along with the other three holes in her coat jacket as souvenir gifts of God that witness of His supreme divine and loving protection. She files charges with the police against her ex-boyfriend for trying to kill her since the street she was running down had a working security camera on it.”
“She also expresses heartfelt gratitude in her prayers to God regularly for her safety and divine protection.” Alex and Leena stood and looked at each other. As the two were in awe over the endless possibilities for how the Lord can work miracles, Alex’s eyes widened with a big smile. She had another thought. “Or maybe an angel simply touches her and temporarily changes the physical laws of her body to operate on a higher plane so that the bullets pass right through her body without doing any damage at all to her,” Alex moved her hands and made a wooshing sound to imitate the bullets hitting nothing but air.
“The man stops firing and the woman is safe!”
“So the physical laws that normally affect her mortal body return as that divine protection is no longer urgently needed. Heavenly angels took careful notes of all involved since that’s part of how blessings are ordered in heaven for those in need.”
"That is so cool!" Leena smiled with great excitement.
Alex nodded in agreement with a big smile and replied, "Sweet!"



As Alex looked out of a window she could see every large city across the United States and hundreds of smaller cities and towns. People were shopping and going to work and running errands. It was daytime. Then several churches were forced to close their doors. They were no longer free to worship. Then a caravan of cars left each city and gathered in one location. They were going to a place of safety.
Alex wondered what the danger was until she saw the destruction.
At first, there was an army going down the streets and shooting people. As people tried to defend themselves or hide and run for cover, massive earthquakes began to rock the nation. Fires and falling mountains and boulders and large skyscrapers killed people by the thousands. A plague swept through at the same time and gave thousands of others what looked like a painful version of sudden leprosy that killed most in less than a day or so. Tornadoes and sporadic whirlwinds lifted others yanking them high into the air to eventually be smacked by flying boards, cars or bricks that were also twisting violently in the air. Others were speared through by large shards of glass that came flying out of breaking windows in rupturing buildings. It was a terrible sight.
Then all was calm. Millions of dead bodies were laid all across the country. Many laid in unnatural positions with their eyes still opened and hanging part way from building windows several stories high. Some bodies were half revealed under sections of crushed cars or broken buildings.
Highways were broken. Streets were crumpled and undriveable. No cars were driving. No airplanes were left in the air. Telephone poles and electrical lines were down on nearly every street. Nearly every store was closed due to severe damage. It was impossible to recognize the boundaries of Kansas or other states. You could no longer tell where the boundaries of one state began and another ended.
Most of the men were dead and hundreds of thousands of women were left crying and in shock. The survivors were mostly women and children and the few men that survived were doing what they could to find and provide first-aid. Those that survived, including those that had gathered away to safety before the calamities occurred, were the righteous. The righteous were made up of imperfect people. Many, but not all, were good Christians that did their best to follow their conscience in being good and choosing good every day. Most of them didn’t rebelliously reject or verbally stone (by their criticisms) the prophets of God. But some wicked people that tried to appear as righteous by gathering to safety were still destroyed by the plague.
Then the entire nation was cleaned up by the righteous survivors and everyone began to rebuild their lives. Soon after their efforts to rebuild it became an unparalleled time of abundance and prosperity as a bright sun of hope rose in the sky. It wasn’t just a new day. It was a new period of time in America.
Alex sat up straight in her bed. Was that dream a view of the future? If so, she was glad to be warned so she could be ready. That dream was especially unusual. It felt like a clear warning from God of what seemed to be coming. It was the same kind of destruction that has come in every dispensation of human history. The bible proves it’s a pattern that repeats. And who were the ones that were the most likely to be wise and prepare? Those that believed. She also knew that not everyone would believe it would occur even though history proved what it always does…that unbelief doesn’t stop certain things from happening anyway.

TO BE CONTINUED



Dictionary of Terms : Faith, Financial and Social

Faith Terms

NOTE: All biblical scriptures referenced are specific to the King James Version of the Holy Bible.

Angels of God " ministering spirits" (Hebrews 1:14) that are messengers of the Lord. Some non-mortal angels serve God in heaven (1 Kings 22:19) and other of the Lord's angels minister to people on earth so as to do the will of God (Genesis 28:12; 32:1, 2 Samuel 24:16, 1 Kings 19:57; 2 Kings 1:15, 19:35 & Psalms 91:11). Jesus the Christ mentioned angels (Matthew 13:14-30, 37-41, 16:27, 18:10, 22:30, 24:36, Luke 15:10). During his mortal life on earth God's angels helped Jesus the Christ (Matthew 1:20, 2:13, 19, 4:11, 28:28; Luke 1:11-20, 26-30, 2:9-15, 22:43). Some of God's angels have not yet been born to earth which means they minister as spirits. Others have already been born to earth and have died and been resurrected and thus have a perfected immortal body that is whole and can never again be subject to disease or death. 
There are several other New Testament references to angels, including in the Revelation of John. Because Heavenly Father is the one true God we worship through His Son Jesus Christ, we are specifically warned not to worship angels (see Col 2:18).

Atonement The reconciliation of man (humankind) to God as man has estranged himself through sin. The word 'atonement' means to be 'at one' with God for the purposes of overcoming the consequences of sin. The scriptural use means to suffer the punishment of for an act of sin to eliminate the effects of sin from sincerely repentant sinners so that they may be reconciled to God. The foreshadowing of Jesus Christ's sacred atoning work was emulated symbolically by the services of the Day of Atonement as referenced in Leviticus. 4, 23:26-32 and Hebrews 9. Because Jesus Christ is the only begotten Son of God and was the only perfect person to live on earth (he never committed any sins) He is the only one who has the ability to make an atonement for humankind. 
God the Father provided the atonement through His Son Jesus Christ's life. Christ made a perfect atonement for all humankind through His sacrifice both in Gethsemane and by His death on the cross in Calvary followed by His bodily resurrection from the tomb. 
His atoning sacrifice allowed Him to experience each individual's life from the point of their birth to the point of their physical death so that He would know exactly what each one of us personally experienced in life both physically and emotionally so He could have the greatest compassion for us and give us the perfect guidance and blessings in answer to our prayers of faith in Him in addition to making an infinite sacrifice for our sins. He experienced all of our individual suffering, pains, sicknesses, imperfections, weaknesses and temptations. He also experienced all of the times we've experienced joy and happiness. He did this so we could be assured He is very aware of each of us in our lives and He cares deeply and certainly like no one else can. His power to do this comes from our Heavenly Father. 
Two key benefits that come from Christ's atonement are the first form of salvation which is a physical salvation that is unconditional and pertains only to the fall of Adam in that all humankind will receive a perfected immortal body after death the highest form of physical healing for any and all of the bodily imperfections we have been born with or received in the course of our lives regardless of whether we caused some of the imperfections or if someone else did. This great blessing of resurrection is made possible only by Christ's first resurrection. 
The second key benefit Christ's atonement provides is a conditional form of salvation, a spiritual salvation, that pertains to each individuals sins specific to the level of faith he or she has in Jesus Christ as manifested by his or her individual efforts towards repentance of sins as well as his or her personal efforts to obey the gospel. Spiritual salvation provides forgiveness of ones sins as well as a perfect healing of all emotional pains we suffer –– especially those traumas that are not of our own creating but were caused by others.

Being clean To be washed from sin. Because the unclean can't enjoy God's presence or be with God while in sin, those who chose sin are stained by sin spiritually. The only way to become spiritually clean and thereby worthy to live again with God in heaven after physical death is to become clean through the atonement of Jesus Christ which provides forgiveness of sin.

Bible The word 'bible' originates from the Greek word, 'biblia,' which means 'the books' like a library of books. Later, it became more often referred to as 'the book.' Therefore, the word bible does not mean just one book but rather it is a heavenly library or record of divine revelations. The centuries of work of many prophets who wrote under the divine inspiration of the Holy Spirit of God is what we know as the Bible. The sacred writings of prophets have been referred to as 'holy scriptures' (Rom. 1:2, 2 Tim. 3:15, compare to Rom. 15:4) as well as 'the scriptures' (Matt. 22:29, John 5:39). The Old and New Testaments are the two sections that form the Christian Bible. 
The Old Testament that the Christians have received is the same canon of scripture that the Jews in Palestine had during the time of Christ. The Old Testament, written primarily in Hebrew, covers several centuries as the records of a nation. The New Testament is deemed to have the same hallowedness and divine authority as Jewish scriptures. The work of the New Testament consists of just one generation of people during the Apostolic age and were written in Greek (although it is believed by some that the Aramaic language was used to write the Gospels of Matthew and John). 
The word 'testament' in Hebrew means 'covenant.' Prior to the time of Moses, people since the time of Adam had the higher laws of God given to them by Jehovah through His prophets. But during the time of Moses, the children (people) of Israel were given a lesser law to follow most likely since they had proven that it was too difficult for them to stay faithful in their obedience to the greater laws of God that previous generations had obeyed before. Too often, humankind proved again and again that they would depart from the ways of God and form their own ways of worship that always proved to be their destruction. But always God has reached out in mercy to warn them of their pending destruction as a means of encouraging them to freely repent and return to God before it’s too late (Amos 3:7). 
The Jehovah of the Old Testament had promised to provide a prophet redeemer who would make an atonement for all humankind since the days of Adam which would also fulfill (satisfy) the law given to the people of Moses which would signify an end to the need to continue to follow that lesser law. The death and the resurrection of Jesus Christ fulfilled the Mosaic law of carnal commandments and much of the ceremonial laws. The lesser law of Moses was meant as a preparatory gospel for the sole purpose of leading people to Christ. Although the law of Moses was a good law, it required less spiritual potential to follow and some of the Jewish leaders had added unauthorized bans, provisions and ceremonies (a. k. a. “traditions of the elders”) – so much so that the law became burdensome to abide and had lost most of it’s spiritual meaning as too often people would act as if they worshipped the law more than the Lord (see Matt. 15:19, Mark 7:1-13, Gal. 2:16-21). 
Jehovah fulfilled His promises he had made to prophets since the days of Adam to send a redeemer as He was born to live on earth as Jesus the Christ to restore the gospel and thus the greater law to the Jews in Palestine. His restoration of the gospel to the Jews meant He believed they who sincerely sought Him were ready to once again obey the greater laws as previous generations prior to the time of Moses had done before. So although the New Testament was not a new covenant (as generations from Adam until Moses had the covenant of God already) it was a new covenant for the people of Christ's time since they had not known anything greater since the time of Moses. In Greek, the word “diatheke” translates to mean 'testament' but more with regard to laws that govern what happens to one's property after death as may be outlined in a will or testament. 
Therefore, it may be of further benefit to understand the will of the Apostles was clearly to have their witnesses of Christ and His great atoning sacrifice in fulfillment of past Old Testament prophecies to be recorded as an event of actual fact through their testimonies and that the sacred sacrifice of Jesus the Christ by His death is also vital for us to remember as a testimony of His life and the importance He placed on giving to each person ever born the opportunity for ultimate and eternal happiness in salvation. 
It is interesting to note that William Tyndale (born in Wales 1494) was a man who simply desired to translate the New Testament into English but in the process discovered how the truths of God as found in holy scripture often exposes the false doctrines and corruptions of religious leaders. He was executed for heresy (speaking out against the popular opinions, theories and practices of the times he lived in) on October 6, 1536 simply because he openly favored the higher ways of living that truths of God had encouraged through holy scripture for the happiness and success of those who freely choose to abide God's laws. 
The King James Version of the Bible was used for much of the biblical research in the Alex Opalstone books.

Celestial Level of Heaven ( a. k. a. “Celestial Kingdom of God”) It is the highest of all three levels of heaven that are possible for a person to earn after death through the saving grace of the atonement of Jesus Christ after all individual efforts to obey God's laws have been sincerely attempted in life. The Celestial level of heaven is the only level where exaltation is possible. This level is for those who are worthy may live again in the presence of God, and receive the fullest possible joy as they become like God (to be exalted; receive exaltation) while living with loved ones who have freely chosen to qualify for the same. The scriptures compare this heavenly kingdom of God with the glory or brightness of the sun. Those individuals who have repented of their sins, received the ordinances of Christ's gospel and kept the related covenants will be purified or spiritually washed clean through Christ's Atonement so that they may inherit this highest of honors in celestial inheritance. (See ‘Eternal Life’)

Covenant Although a covenant can be between two people, more often in the bible it refers to an agreement between God and His children. Since we are not equal to God, the conditions for the covenant (agreement) are set by God and we agree to do what He asks of us. God promises to give us specific blessings to reward our individual obedience. When we make covenants we promise to honor them. 
God's people are a covenant based people. Those who make and keep sacred covenants don't have to be told what to do all of the time by their religious leaders because individuals who keep their covenants tend to live a principle based life which more naturally results in individual self-government for good. If they had to be told what to do all of the time then they would be compelled to do good and this is contrary to God's designs for freedom of choice for individuals. As the gospel is designed that principles and ordinances are to be received by covenant, the person receiving the principles and ordinances is put under a strong and sacred obligation to fulfill their commitment. 
The Lord loves to bless those who are faithful to Him. When we decide to not keep covenants then we can't receive the promised blessings that always follow those who keep their covenants. There are also times when we experience a penalty as a consequence for not doing what we agreed to do (just as one might be penalized for speeding when he or she originally promised to obey the speed limit. Other cases can bring a more severe penalty such as in the case of Ananias and Sapphira who intentionally lied to God and broke their covenant. See Acts 5:1-11). But for those who keep their commitment to Him the Lord is generous in His blessings.

The Creation As taught in the early chapters of the book of Genesis in the Bible, God the Father directed His Son, Jesus Christ, to create a place for us to live and experience mortal life so Christ created the earth. Living on earth and out of God's presence means that we don't remember our life with God as His spiritual offspring before our mortal birth on earth. This is by divine design so we will walk in steps of faith here in life rather than only going by what we can physically see to believe in. In order to have the opportunity to advance and become like God we needed a body and a time to be tested to see if we would freely choose to sincerely seek after God or to follow after our own path away from Him and so earth was created for that divine purpose.

Degrees of Heaven (a. k. a. Kingdoms of Glory) See 'Celestial Level of Heaven,' 'Terrestrial Level of Heaven' and 'Telestial Level of Heaven'.

Eternal Life (a. k. a. Exaltation) Eternal life is not so much a length of time as it is a quality of life experience. It means to receive the opportunity to be exalted by God in His highest of inheritances the Celestial level of heaven. 'Exaltation' can only occur for those who live in Celestial glory (the highest degree of glory possible). It is the only form of salvation that allows families and loved ones to live together forever in God's presence. It is the greatest gift God can ever give to his children. (See also Celestial level of heaven and God's Plan for Our Happiness)

Faith To have confidence in someone or to believe optimistically in something. Real faith always leads to some kind of action. To have faith for salvation is to hope for things that are centered in Jesus Christ for salvation yet are not seen with physical sight but are still true (see Heb. 11:1). Jesus Christ has provided numerous truths that teach us of His love, power, knowledge, unchanging nature, justice, mercy and everything we need to help us each put our confidence in Him without hesitation. 
Ultimately faith is a gift of God. We obtain faith through sincere prayer and righteous actions. We can be assured as individuals that we are exercising faith correctly in Jesus Christ for our salvation when we honestly feel we are living our lives on the Lord's side and that we are assured of personal salvation after death in part because of blessings we are already receiving from the Lord in this life that help us to place our confidence in Him. Although miracles don't create faith, miracles can confirm our faith after we've made righteous choices to have strong faith. True faith can only exist on the foundation of accurate knowledge or it can't provide the results hoped for.

The Fall of Adam and Eve (a. k. a. 'The Fall' or the 'Original Sin') The way humankind became mortal (which means to become subject to death and sin). Prior to the fall there was no death and no sin and none of the creations on earth had any children yet. Although Adam and Eve had physical bodies there was no blood in them before the fall. God gave two commandments to Adam and Eve. The first was to multiply by having children and the second one was to not eat the fruit of the tree of knowledge of good and evil because it was considered forbidden fruit. 
Neither Adam nor Eve were able to reproduce (nor did they even understand how to create children) prior to the fall. Satan came and tempted Adam and Eve to rebel against God by getting them to eat of the forbidden fruit since Satan wanted to destroy God's children through the physical destruction of their bodies and also create spiritual death by eternally separating them from God. (Satan is thus the one who encourages all practices and consumptions that result in bringing sorrow and destruction upon humankind, starting with the destruction of the physical body, to reduce them to the lowest state of existence possible. In contrast, God encourages the opposite as the Lord desires to help raise each of us as his children up to the highest state of existence possible. )
The first two lessons we learn about Satan as the adversary is to disobey God and then to fear God rather than to learn the truths of God’s plan and obey His laws that are designed for our happiness and helps us to trust in God. Since Eve understood that the commandment to have children was more important to obey than avoiding the forbidden fruit, she felt there was no other way to reproduce and ultimately provide an opportunity for all humankind to obey that same law than to break the lesser law of eating the forbidden fruit. So Eve wisely ate the forbidden fruit and Adam wisely followed her example. 
After Adam and Eve ate the forbidden fruit they became mortal which brought about sin, as blood formed in their bodies and death became an inevitable part of mortal life. Adam's fall caused everything else on earth to become mortal. Both physical and spiritual death were brought upon all of humankind due to the fall. They were no longer allowed to live in God's presence in the Garden of Eden and thus Adam and Eve were sent away to live in the world. 
The fall of Adam and Eve was expected by God and His plan to have a Savior to save Adam and Eve and all humankind was in place before the earth was even created. If Eve had not wisely chosen to eat the forbidden fruit and have Adam do likewise, humankind could not have had the opportunity to obey the law to reproduce and progress towards an eventual exalted state in eternal life. This is why both Eve and Adam should be honored for making the first sacrificial step of initiating the fall (by condescending to leave the beautiful garden by taking that vital step into mortality through eating the forbidden fruit which gave all of us a chance to be born and choose to learn of and follow Christ). Therefore, the fall is a blessing for all humankind. 
The idea that Adam and Eve caused the fall by breaking the law of chastity (by an immoral act of sexual sin) is a false doctrine. Both Adam and Eve lived in purity of mind and heart both before and after the fall. There are no other records that show either of them ever transgressed again or sinned after the fall (so they lived nearly perfect lives by their righteous actions and desires). 
The fall of Adam and Eve is one of the most valuable events in the history of humankind. Satan's plan is to enslave humankind in sin (spiritual death that keeps those who choose to sin from experiencing the freedoms that can only come by living in God's presence). Satan also wants to destroy our physical bodies through physical death and other painful forms of degeneration. Eternal salvation in the Lord's highest of heavenly kingdoms (Celestial glory) through the atonement of Jesus Christ frustrates Satan's plan by giving all humankind the opportunity to choose to learn of the way back to God's presence through His gospel and do all they can to obey the Lord's laws and thereby have eternal life.

Forbidden Fruit A fruit found in the Garden of Eden on the tree of knowledge of good and evil. The fruit of this tree was considered by God to be forbidden of Adam and Eve to eat because the fruit was not suited to their nature and condition. The bodies of Adam and Eve were perfect in form and life sustaining function and only an introduction of an element of lesser substance (such as the forbidden fruit) would alter that perfection to become imperfect and unable to perfectly sustain life and health indefinitely. It was forbidden because consumption of such fruit would bring Adam and Eve to become subject to lower laws away from God's presence (spiritual death) which involved the sad experience of two forms of death: physical and spiritual death. It should also be noted that the false doctrine (the loathsome lie) that the fall of humankind occurred due to a violation of the law of chastity has been used by some to pardon deviations from the divinely inspired path of chastity and virtue. 
Fornication was not committed or introduced by Eve or Adam. They were pure and virtuous souls despite their one transgression in eating food they were forbidden to eat. (See previous definition of the Fall of Adam and Eve.)

Freedom to choose The ability God gives all of humankind as a privilege to freely choose and take whatever actions they want in life towards their own blessing or detriment as a natural consequence of their choices. The gift to choose freely was one of the first examples given in the Garden of Eden of God’s form of loving and wise governance for all of humankind (as we are His children). Because God provides everything, the only thing that isn’t His that He will never force us to give Him is our willingness to follow Him by our freely given obedience to his laws.

Garden of Eden The place where our first parents, Adam and Eve, lived. While they lived in the garden, before the fall, they had physical life because their spirits were clothed in physical bodies made from the dust of the earth. They had spiritual life because they lived in the presence of God and they had not yet made any choices between good and evil. Had Adam and Eve remained in the Garden of Eden they could not have progressed to become like God (since God has offspring as he created us spiritually as his children) and they would therefore have no offspring and no joy (especially the joy of parenthood when procreation is done at the right time, for the right reasons and with the right partner towards an eternal family unit founded upon the principles of Godliness) having experienced no pain or sorrow to contrast it with. (See The Fall of Adam and Eve)

God (nature of God the Father) God the Father is the first member of the Godhead (Christ is the second member and the Holy Ghost is the third member). He is perfect. In the scriptures we learn a number of good things about God. Our Heavenly Father is a separate personage from His Son, Jesus Christ. Although God the Father, Jesus Christ and the Holy Ghost are united in purpose (one in purpose) they are each separate beings. Both God and His Son, Jesus Christ have a perfected immortal body of flesh and bone. The Holy Ghost does not have a body of flesh and bone but is a personage of spirit. Our Father in Heaven is perfect, knows everything (including our thoughts) and has all power. He is the Supreme Being in whom Christians believe and worship. Because He is the Creator of all things He is also the Preserver of all things (which preservation is made possible by his divine rules). 
Everything on earth shows us God exists even all of the planets prove He is a Supreme Creator. He is perfectly kind, merciful and charitable which are key attributes that make his ultimate strength and power perfect. He has perfect judgment. He is extremely careful with who He entrusts sacred matters to. He is very protective of that which is sacred and commands of us all a proper respect for sacred things. This is in part why oftentimes sacred things are not discussed openly or at length to those who may mock or who have otherwise not proven to be worthy of such sacred trust. He is the Father of our Spirits and he loves each of us perfectly. He is the Author of the plan for our happiness through salvation. 
He created our physical bodies. God can only be God with the help of a woman, His wife, who is His eternal companion and whom he regards as his sacred and perfect equal because parents in heaven are not single. He embodies the perfect attributes of both justice and mercy. God is merciful because He desires all of His children to be happy and to come back to live with Him forever as an eternal family unit after death. He wants us to enjoy our physical bodies and to be happy in life so he provided the perfect guide (via holy scriptures) for how to best do that. He is sad when we choose to break ourselves against His eternal laws by hurting ourselves and others. If we will not repent of actions (or inactions) we took which bring about harm, we must experience the consequences of our choices and so God is just by allowing consequences for our actions. Justice also includes being rewarded for good choices as it is just to do so. 
His mercy is expressed in the opportunity He gives each of us to not have to experience the negative eternal consequences for sinning by allowing us the opportunity to freely choose for ourselves to properly repent and follow the laws of happiness as provided in the gospel of Jesus Christ. God the Father loves each of us so much that He gave us the beauties of this earth, the freedom to choose whether or not we'll return to live with Him in heaven again after death, the power to make a reunion possible through the great atoning sacrifice of the life of His beloved Son, Jesus Christ and the free gift of our bodies resurrected to immortal perfection regardless of whether we choose good or evil in our lives. 
God is a separate personage from His Son, Jesus Christ, and from the third member of the Godhead known as the Holy Spirit. God lives in the highest level of his three heavenly kingdoms known as the Celestial degree of glory. He considers us as His children to be the greatest of His creations and therefore He wants us to be happy and be close to Him through prayer and faithfulness to his laws. He always answers our humble and sincere prayers. He created all things on earth for the benefit of humankind. 
The best way to learn about God the Father and His love for you is to learn about His beloved Son, Jesus Christ. God the Father asks us by way of commandment to pray only to Him with faith in the name of His beloved Son, Jesus Christ. Doing so helps us to treat as sacred those things that are of God and to see ourselves in the proper light as His children who have infinite potential for good so that we may become more like God.

Godhead The Godhead consists of three members who are united as one in purpose and doctrine yet they are each separate and distinct beings with different roles. They preside over this world as well as over the other creations of God. Although both the Father and the Son have tangible perfected bodies of flesh and bones, the Holy Ghost (a. k. a. Holy Spirit) is a being of spirit. All three members of the Godhead work together in perfect harmony towards fulfilling God's divine plan for happiness in salvation.

God's Plan for happiness (salvation) God intends for all of His children to experience joy in this life as well as beyond this life. All of His laws, the gospel, prophets He calls to teach of Him, our family relationships and the beauty of this earth are all designed for the happiness of humankind. Many times God's children learn by sad experience that trying to find true happiness and fulfillment by doing things that go against eternal laws of God is to reject the only source of true happiness. Deep and lasting joy comes through serving others and great spiritual growth results in such selflessness. Fun is actually a part of the joy of God's plan for happiness. Most people know that we can have fun in life within the limits established by our loving Father in Heaven. Children prove this every day. Wholesome activities and meaningful service bring far more lasting fulfillment than activities that are self-serving and harmful to ourselves or others. 
The Gospel is God's plan for happiness. Long before any of us were born to earth, God's plan for our happiness was put in place so that we could become as God is and inherit a fullness of joy. The Creation, the Fall of Adam and Eve, Christ's great atoning sacrifice and all of the ordinances, laws and doctrines of the gospel create the substance of God's plan for happiness in salvation. It is the highest level of salvation that the Atonement of Jesus Christ provides that brings the greatest joys and makes it possible for us to live again with God in eternal families. 
The Gospel of Jesus Christ provides truths about three phases of existence that consist of pre-earth life (premortal life), mortal life and life after death that answers the deep questions of the soul such as: Where did we come from? Why are we here? Where do we go after death? 
The premortal life is where we all lived in God's presence. The premortal world was a place of learning where each of us advanced in intelligence. Each of us voted before we were born to come to earth and have the opportunity to continue to learn and advance in intelligence and continue to grow spiritually as well as to freely choose to be obedient or disobedient to whatever of God's commandments in truth we learned in life. 
Mortal life is the time span that starts with birth and ends in physical death. Because birth brings a forgetting of our pre-earth life, mortal life is a time where we are each tested to see if we will be faithful to God through obedience to whatever truths and laws we learn of in life and recognize in our hearts are good and of God. This time of testing helps us to ultimately prove to ourselves by our own choices after all is said and done what is most important to us (be it the things of God or the things of this world). Our time spent in life is our opportunity to choose to learn of the Gospel as taught by Christ and to make and keep sacred covenants with God that ensure us the greatest happiness in this life and in the world to come. Learning of the Gospel and teaching others its truths for happiness strengthens our faith in God as we receive and recognize the blessings God gives us for helping others to learn of Christ and freely choose to return to God. 
The world of spirits is where we go when we die. It is there that we wait to be resurrected. Later, when we are resurrected, each of us will meet God at the time of judgment where we will be judged individually by God regarding what we personally did with what we personally learned of Christ and His teachings. 
To emphasize the fact of God's specific method of individual accountability, it should be said this way: At the time when your spirit and body are reunited through the resurrection, you will inherit one of three possible kingdoms of heaven depending upon how deeply you were converted to the Lord and how sincerely you tried to obey the Lord's commandments. This is why it is imperative to know the saving truths about the goodness of God as manifested in His beloved Son Jesus Christ and His great atoning sacrifice which is at the heart of it all. Your actions in life affect your eternal destiny. 
With a correct understanding of God and His plan for our happiness, we can base important life decisions on principles of eternal truth instead of the fluctuating circumstances of life. All that we learn about in life we can take with us into the next life. All of the work that we do to improve our relationships here in life are not a waste since God has made a way for us to live with our loved ones forever as eternal family units in the Celestial level of heaven God's highest of kingdoms and the greatest possible inheritance He can give us if we freely choose it.

Good and Evil (Concept of Opposition) Life is divinely designed to create choices and experiences that are either good or evil. All of those things that lead us closer to Christ and to doing good such as helping others to be happy by doing honorable things through faithful obedience to Gods commandments and thereby being a blessing to those around us and bringing the greatest of blessings upon ourselves – are good and inspired of heaven. All of those things that lead us away from Christ and encourage to do evil such as to disobey eternal laws of God (disobey God’s commands) and thereby experience the natural consequences of disobedience that bring harm to yourself or others is inspired of the devil. 
Opposition gives us contrast so we have the opportunity to choose and experience the results of our choices. When we learn from the sad choices of others so we don't have to experience that pain ourselves, we can progress even faster in wisdom. The same is true of learning by the good examples of others. When we learn of the good choices of others and then we freely choose to follow their good example, we advance faster towards lasting happiness and wisdom. 
God encourages us to make the best choices for good and to obey the laws of the land in which we live. As pertaining to opposition, we would hardly appreciate the great joy and blessings God gives us if we couldn't also experience sorrow and pain. But God assures us that only in this life is sorrow and pain brief but necessary for us to learn from so we can appreciate those things that are good as well as to encourage us to have compassion for others who suffer. 
We know our suffering is temporary because Christ promises to wipe away all tears (including painful and paralyzing memories that cause deep distress in every form of emotional suffering) in the next life through His salvation when we live in heaven. He heals us in this way because He has literally been through what we have been through (see 'Atonement').

Gospel of Jesus Christ ('The Way') God's plan for happiness through salvation for His children. Only through Jesus Christ's atonement is God's plan made possible. Throughout history God's pattern of teaching His complete or full gospel to those people who were ready to receive it has been done through His prophets (i.e. Abraham, Noah, Moses, Jesus Christ etc). The gospel consists of eternal truths (laws, ordinances, and covenants) that are needed by God's children in order that they can return to live in the presence of God in His highest level (Celestial level) of heaven after death. Because the Atonement of Jesus Christ is at the center of the Gospel in God's plan, this is why Jesus Christ is the only Way back to God. This is why Jesus Christ is considered the Way, the Truth and the Life (Eternal Life the highest degree of salvation).

Grace A divine source of help as can only be provided through the perfect love and generous mercy of Jesus Christ. It's Christ's enabling power that He gives to us in this life to help us through difficulties as well as for eternal life so we may be exalted (the greatest degree of salvation) in the next life because we have done our part to prove faithful to Jesus Christ and God (by personally exercising faith in Christ, properly repenting of our individual sins, and doing our best to keep God's commandments). Each of us needs divine grace because of our weaknesses and because of the fall of Adam. But even if we perfectly obeyed all of God's commandments, it is ultimately by the grace of Jesus the Christ that salvation is possible. Jesus makes this clear in His parable of the vine and branches (see KJV bible John 15:1-11, John 1:12-17, Eph. 2:8-9, Philip. 4:13)

Heaven The place where God lives with his holy angels. It is outside of earth. It is a place of peace, happiness and fullness of joy. We can inherit the highest level of heaven (God's highest kingdom of glory) the Celestial level of glory, when we accept the Gospel of Jesus Christ and do our very best to obey the commandments of God. (See Atonement and Degrees of heaven)

Hell In the world of spirits it is a place separated from the righteous. Hell is a prison for those who died in their sins – a place for those who rejected God's prophets or died without learning the saving truths of God and Christ. It's a temporary place for missionary work to occur where the spirits in prison learn about the Gospel and choose to accept Christ and His teachings and laws or not. Those who accept the gospel can leave hell and enter paradise where they can wait for their own resurrection. After their resurrection they will receive whatever level of heaven God feels they are worthy of. But for those who reject the Gospel in spirit prison and don't repent, they will stay in spirit prison until the end of the Millennium and then they'll be resurrected and receive the lowest kingdom of glory the Telestial level of heaven. 
The wicked will find the experience of hell to be a place of torment where they will know what it is like to be the victims of those whom they have harmed because of their choice in life to show no remorse for their victims and thus choose to be unrepentant during life. This is part of the justice of God made possible by the Atonement of Jesus Christ so that those who commit crimes will experience exactly what it was like to be the victim(s) of their crimes in an effort to try and motivate the wicked to choose to repent and understand exactly all of the negative consequences that their choice to sin has brought upon others as well as themselves. 
It's one of the Lord's last resorts to help the wicked to learn that disobedience to God's commandments pushes away opportunities for lasting happiness and invites misery. At the very least, in God's infinite mercy, even the very wicked will inherit a kingdom of heaven but only after first paying the price for their sins and even then they will only inherit the very lowest of the kingdoms of God away from his presence and away from all others in the higher Celestial and Terrestrial kingdoms. 
Outside of the world of spirits is another hell where the devil and his angels live as spirits (since none of them ever have or ever will receive a body of flesh and bone to house their spirit in) where there is no forgiveness for them.

Holy Scriptures Written recorded histories of God's dealings with His children. Prophets called of God are always commanded to keep a record of the people the prophet is called to lead so as to provide several blessings such as an accurate understanding of the nature of God including His love and mercies as well as His will for the greatest happiness of the people the law is provided for. These sacred writings also provide the current or past evidence of  God's fulfillment of his promises since all true prophets that record prophetic forthtellings eventually find those prophecies fulfilled sooner or later. 
A strong evidence of our faith is how we treat the holy scriptures of God. As we study, believe and obey the Lord's revealed word, we put ourselves on God's side and provide ourselves with the greatest opportunities for happiness in this life and the next. Diligent personal study of God's word for us opens the windows of heaven for revelation to be provided for us individually to guide us to know what we should do and become for our greatest happiness and for our unique individual needs and circumstances. Learning about Jesus Christ is the most vital purpose for sincere and diligent scripture study. Through studying and living God's word and His gospel we can significantly strengthen the faith in Christ that we receive as a sacred gift from God.

Influence of the Holy Spirit of God Also called the ‘Holy Ghost,’ ‘Spirit of the Lord,’ or ‘the Comforter,’ the Holy Spirit of God is the third member of the Godhead. The Holy Spirit is a personage of spirit who works in perfect harmony with God the Father and Jesus Christ to help God's children receive divine blessings both for this life as well as the next. He is a testifier of the reality and divinity of both God the Father and Jesus Christ as well as a testifier of all other truths. 
The way that the Holy Spirit testifies to us of truth is by giving us thoughts that teach us of God's truths while also providing a special feeling within our hearts that can only come from God so you have no reason to doubt the source of the feeling and witness. His unique power of communication with our own inner spirit brings the kind of assurance that is far more powerful and lasting in its witnessing influence than any other means of understanding we could get by our natural senses alone. 
The only way any of us can receive a sure testimony of saving truths –– especially a sure testimony of our loving Heavenly Father and His Son, Jesus the Christ –– is through the power of the Holy Spirit of God. He can provide both physical and spiritual protection for us in life. He can provide us comfort and quiet our fears as needed for proper hope. At other times, He may allow us to feel fear as a warning of danger so we can quickly choose to change our course and He will lead us to safety as we pray (either openly or quietly in our heart by our thoughts) and do all we can to get ourselves to a place of peace and safety or by removing a potential danger far from us before it's too late. He often guides us to know what is right for us to do as we make decisions in life. 
Some of the primary ways we can recognize the workings of the Holy Spirit within us are by a feeling of peace in our heart or a feeling of joy (sometimes both) that help us know something we are learning is true. He can remind us of things we have forgotten if it will help us out in life. He can also help us to feel deep gratitude in our heart for God and/or His Son Jesus Christ. To be baptized with the Holy Ghost is to be sanctified. This goes hand in hand with receiving the gift of the Holy Ghost which provides additional special blessings that can only come after one is properly baptized by one having Christ's authority. 
This sacred power and authority is not something any person can take upon themselves or purchase for the sake of power (Hebrews 5:4). Baptism by water only is incomplete without the baptism of the Spirit afterwards. Because the Holy Ghost is a member of the Godhead, only those who receive the Gift of the Holy Ghost (which is different than the influence of the Holy Ghost) can receive the highest level of salvation in heaven after death.

Immortality The condition of being in a resurrected state (a body that is made whole and is perfected where it will no longer be subject to disease or death) with the ability to live forever. A resurrected body is a perfected immortal body that can only be provided by the sacred powers of God as He wills it. Jesus Christ was the great example being the first to receive a resurrected immortal body of perfected flesh and bone. When He was resurrected after His death, everyone recognized Him as He looked the same as He did when he enjoyed good health and walked and talked among them before He died and His resurrection was such a big deal in part because His death was so very public.

Jesus Christ The second member of the Godhead. As the only begotten Son of the Father, he inherited divine traits and attributes as no other in the history of humankind has ever inherited in birth. Jesus’ mother, Mary, made it possible for Him to receive a mortal body but His Father, God, gave Him power over death along with other divine traits and attributes. Although He is one with God united in purpose, He is a separate being from God the Father. 
Jesus lived with all of us as spirit children of the Father before any of us were born to earth. God the Father chose Jesus to be the Redeemer of the world before the earth was even created. Jesus created the earth under the direction of His Father. In the Old Testament He was the Great Jehovah. In the New Testament, He was the promised Messiah. He came to earth to do the will of His Father. God the Father sent His Beloved Son, Jesus Christ, to fulfill the Atonement so that each of us, no matter where we are located around the world (regardless of race, gender or nationality), can have happiness in this life as well as an eternal fullness of joy in the next life. 
Even though He was without sin, He set a good example for all of us by being baptized anyway since baptism is a vital step in righteousness towards salvation. He encourages us to do as He did and so He fulfilled all of His Fathers laws, including the one that requires baptism as a prerequisite for sins to be forgiven. Peace and goodwill was what He lived and taught. He lived his life doing good to others. He worked many miracles such as healing the sick, causing the blind to receive their sight and the crippled to walk. He even raised the dead. He taught eternal truths including the fact of our spiritual existence with God in heaven before earth, the purpose of the experience of our life on earth and our great potential as sons and daughters of God to become perfected and be as God after this life. 
Ever since the days of Adam Christ's first coming (his birth and his death) have been prophesied and He was identified early on by various titles: Wonderful, Counsellor, The Mighty God, The Everlasting Father, The Prince of Peace (Isaiah 9:6). He created the sacrament so we could remember His life as well as His great atoning sacrifice in death. His death was brought about only because He willed it. All of the false charges and the ultimate conviction that brought for Him a sentence of death upon the cross of Calvary became a priceless vicarious gift for all. He willingly gave His life so that all of humankind might live in eternal happiness through His salvation. 
He is the Great Mediator as He is the Advocate at the time of judgment for all who have sincerely sought to do God's will (whereas those who have rejected Christ and His gospel leave themselves open to spiritual defeat as the accuser (Satan) seeks to prevent his own followers from obtaining any heavenly glory or inheritance after death). 
Jesus the Christ carried out the great atoning sacrifice in total and perfect love for us all in fulfillment of His Father's will and was the first of all of God's children to be resurrected (see 'Resurrection'). Hence the wonderful news: He lives! Jesus Christ is the literal living Son of the literal living God. He taught us to pray to God the Father in His name (in the name of Jesus Christ) and God will hear and answer every sincere prayer. 
Those who have never had the opportunity to learn of Christ in their lifetime will have an opportunity after death to learn of Him and His gospel and to freely choose to accept the gospel or not. In this way, the Father assures all who have ever been born an equal opportunity for the highest level of salvation. There is no other in the history of this earth who has had the profound influence that our Savior, Jesus Christ, has had upon everyone who has ever lived or has yet to live on earth. Just as He has fulfilled His promise as foretold by prophets to be born to earth and provide the great atonement, He will return again in fulfillment of the promise given of His heavenly angels immediately after His ascension into heaven (see Acts 1:11). 
The second coming of Jesus Christ will usher in His Millennial Reign of peace on earth and bring an end to all wickedness and strife. It is up to each of us to prepare to meet God later by how we live now day by day and it is in mercy that we let others learn of it so they may also have the opportunity to freely choose to prepare and inherit the greatest of God's gifts: eternal life.

Lucifer He became the Devil (a. k. a. the adversary or Satan). Satan is often referred to as the deceiver (Father of all lies), adversary, slanderer, demon and accuser. He is a spirit who is the enemy of all righteousness. He is opposed to all good and thus he is opposed to God. He uses methods contrary to God's plan for happiness to get God's children to follow in his evil ways. He uses lies to trick people into not following God so that Satan may trap souls into doing evil. Whereas God promotes freedom in choice towards happiness and endless progression to become like God in doing good and blessing others, Satan promotes the stifling of progress for good by enslavement and forcing people to do things that always lead sooner or later to misery, pain and destruction. 
The example of destructive addiction is a clear example of Satan’s efforts to lead people away from God and towards destruction. Even the idea to force a person to do good is a method of Satan (since God opposes the idea of forcing anyone to make right choices) as the concept of forcing others to do good is simply a front (even if it begins with misguided intentions for good) as Satan does not intend to make people better at being good or becoming good but rather a careful study of truth reveals it leads to the all consuming lust for power and forced submission which always ends up leading to the misery of the enslaved people and mass death and destruction. The adversary constantly seeks to stop people from doing the will of the Lord. 
Unlike the unlimited powers of God, Satan has limited powers as he does not have the ability to read our minds or to give us feelings of peace or joy. Satan does have many very real powers but God has all control to limit the influence of Satan at any time, in any place for anyone as often as the Lord likes so we may pray to God in faith that God does in fact have the ability to overpower Satan as the Lord wills it for our benefit so that we are not given more than we can handle in life (although we may choose to give ourselves more than we can handle when we choose to sin by going against God's plan of happiness. But even then, God still helps us out when we sincerely ask for it. That's a vital part of the Atonement of Jesus Christ.) But it is a mistake for any of us to underestimate Satan's abilities. 
With deception being the devils craft, he often uses counterfeit means of tricking people into following after him. His primary measure for counterfeit is to take the Lord's gospel and pervert it by mixing it with the ideas taught by humankind which result in false doctrine that is often taken to extremes with the first extreme being a counterfeit of hope as false hope where the false doctrine is taught by good people (most often because they simply don't know the truth) that everyone is saved equally regardless of what sins they may commit in life (meaning there is only mercy and no justice since there are no negative consequences for doing wrong and harming oneself or others so there is no appropriate motivation for doing right. 
We are taught in the bible that our One true God is unchanging which means that only humankind can make changes to how we define God although our changes can never change the truth of who God really is as He Himself has defined in holy scripture. God has taught us that He is a God of perfect love which means a God who is both merciful and just. It is therefore a misunderstanding of truth to believe God is anything other than what He Himself has taught us about Himself.) The key indicator that false hope is used as one of Satan's counterfeits is that it leads people away from the teachings of Christ the author of all truth by offering an alternative method of salvation that is only founded upon partial truths (mixed with the ideas of men and women) rather than God's full truth as only found in the fullness of the gospel. 
The other counterfeit Satan uses (that seems to be more prominent) is a total lack of hope for humankind. Satan uses two methods to remove hope and replace it with despair: by discouraging any belief that the One true God really exists (and therefore neither mercy nor justice exists) or the other extreme of belief in a false God who exists only as a God of justice so once we mess up, the lie is that there is no mercy or forgiveness. But with either method, false hope or none at all, Satan succeeds if we innocently believe his lies or if we maliciously promote them (which is rare for most people to knowingly do). 
Despite his efforts to hide his existence by causing others to not believe the Bible's teachings that Satan really does exist, his path is easily recognized by those who are careful to observe as his path always leads away from Christ and all that is good and instead leads to various forms of destruction, misery and pain. In the battle for our souls it is more of a battle of ideas rather than a physical battle. Satan's strategy is always the same to call good evil and to call evil good. Only where the freedom for a people to openly discuss their beliefs about God and allow freedom of religion to exist can the potential for God's children to learn eternal truths and find lasting peace and happiness become and remain a blessed reality. Take away that freedom and misery eventually engulfs the people and leads to their eventual destruction. If you can't see the enemy coming (such as convincing oneself that no devil exists in life or that there is no right or wrong in our choices) then you're at a tremendous disadvantage that leaves you vulnerable to be tricked and trapped by Satan's deceptive and destructive ways. This is why his enemy, Jesus Christ, is One he doesn't want the world to know of. 
For those who know Christ's teachings have learned who the enemy is and how to spot him (how he deceives us in our lives) and thereby avoid most pain and suffering and live a life of true and lasting happiness. Ultimately Christ will prevail over Satan since the message of all of God's true prophets and apostles have been that truth and righteousness (the fullness of  the Gospel) bring the peace and triumph that will bring an end to deception, sin and war. 
Those who are faithful to Christ will prevail victoriously over their enemies and all other afflictions including the final triumph over Satan. It is through the power of Jesus Christ that the triumph of righteousness over wickedness will be a lasting triumph.

Mercy It consists of feelings of patience, tenderness, compassion, love and forgiveness. Mercy is a natural byproduct of humility. Mercy is a characteristic trait of God. He expresses His mercy perfectly in the humble atoning sacrifice of His divine Son, Jesus Christ. God's mercy through Christ is available to each of us upon His conditions of our repentance.

Mortality (a.k.a. Mortal Life) The time period starting with birth until physical death. Because birth brings a forgetting of our pre-earth life, mortal life is a time where we are each tested to see if we will be faithful to God through obedience to whatever truths and laws we learn of in life and recognize in our hearts are good and of God. This time of testing helps us to ultimately prove to ourselves by our own choices after all is said and done what is most important to us (be it the things of God or the things of this world). Our time spent in life is our opportunity to choose to learn of the Gospel as taught by Christ and to make and keep sacred covenants with God that ensure us the greatest happiness in this life and in the world to come. Learning of the Gospel and teaching others its truths for happiness strengthens our faith in God as we receive and recognize the blessings God gives us for helping others to learn of Christ and freely choose to return to God.

Obedience and disobedience to commandments Because God's commandments exist for our benefit, our keeping of his laws results in our living happier lives of more abundant freedom. One of the first lessons God gave in the garden of Eden was the freedom to choose between good and evil or obedience and disobedience to his commandments. Although disobedience always proves sooner or later to bring sorrow, God never forces any of his children to do what is right. The best way we can show we love God is to keep His commandments (John 14:15) and the best way for us to feel close to God and to most easily feel His love for us personally (individually as His children) is when we keep His commandments (John 15:10). 
It is through our best efforts of faithful obedience to His commandments in this life that activates the saving effect of Christ's atoning sacrifice for those who prove faithful to receive blessings and peace in this life as well as the great gift of eternal life in the next world. He knows we are not perfect and therefore God is patient with us when we at times struggle to obey His laws. No matter how many times we mess up, as long as we keep trying our honest best, starting over with real, sincere intents to do better next time, we’re more likely to be better at doing good. As long as we do our best to obey Him, God blesses us.

Physical death when our eternal spirit leaves our body. Our spirit cannot die or in other words, our spirit cannot cease to exist. You have been you (and I have been me) for a very, very long time. Spiritual death is when we are out of God's presence and removed or separated from his influence. The Atonement of Jesus Christ solves both problems of physical death and spiritual death.

Prayer Because God is the father of our spirits He is eager to help us in our times of need. Prayer becomes easier to do when we have confidence that God is good and loves us perfectly (this is just one of many reasons it is vital for children to have a father who is a good role model who sincerely tries to follow Christ since our first introduction to the concept of fatherhood is when we are children. Those who have good dads are more likely to have a belief in the goodness of God and His love whereas those who have absentee fathers or abusive fathers may find it more difficult to believe in God's love for us. But despite the example of our earthly father, our Heavenly Father loves us deeply and perfectly and forever and His primary work is to help us to live after the ways of happiness (God's ways). 
When we pray to God effectively, we get Heavenly Father's will and our own will to communicate one to another not for the purposes of changing God's will but rather to receive for us and those we love those blessings God wants to give us. In order to get the blessings God is eager to provide for us all we have to do is ask with sincere intent (meaning that we are willing to do our part to get the blessings God has for us and use them for good). 
The proper way to pray is that we must pray to our Father in Heaven in the name of Jesus Christ. First we thank Him for our blessings and then we ask for those things we need as well as praying for others to be blessed. A key we can remember for success in prayer is that if we want to get specific answers to our prayers, we must ask for specific blessings. If we pray as if everything depends upon God for the answers but go and work as if everything depends upon us for our prayers to be answered, we'll find we work hand-in-hand with God to get the blessings He has for us and for those we pray for. God does not desire to do for us those things we can honestly do for ourselves since the more dependent we become upon others the less freedom we have and our Father in Heaven is a God who encourages the freedom to do for ourselves and enjoy the strengthened self-confidence that comes as well as encouraging us to be a blessing for others. 
Many times God answers our prayers by the selfless service of others. Another way he answers our prayers is by helping our abilities to be suited to our tasks. 
We can ask him if something is true and He will let us know through the power of the Holy Ghost if we ask sincerely and do all we can to discover the truth for ourselves in preparation for the special witness of His Holy Spirit. Do your best to show respect for God when praying by using words that convey feelings of reverence and love. Also try not to use 'vain repetitions' (Matt. 6:7). 
It is best to address Him during prayer with sacred reverence for His name by using the pronouns used in scriptures such as Thee, Thou, Thy and Thine. Ultimately your prayers don't have to be perfect as long as you are sincere. As we make personal prayer a daily habit we will learn more about God, feel closer to him, understand His teachings and find our lives are happier and more fulfilling as we use prayer for the highest of God's designs for us to become like He is. Through counting our many blessings each day we will learn just how generous and wise God is in how abundantly He blesses each of us as His children. So when we offer to Him prayers of gratitude that tell Him we recognize that all of our blessings and our rights come from Him, we will see how He desires to bless us even more. 
Prayer was specifically designed by God to ultimately provide each of us his highest of blessings if we freely choose to ask for and accept them as He provides for us in his own time and in his own way the very best of His blessings.

Pre-earth life The time before we were born when we lived with God as his spirit children in heaven. (see God's Plan for Happiness)

Probationary period of time See 'Mortality'

Prophet Those men who are inspired to speak for God. Prophets such as Moses, Isaiah, Noah and Jesus Christ are some of the prophets God has called to teach people the Gospel. The pattern of God calling prophets has been around since the days of Adam. True prophets called of God have always done the same things: they have taught people God's character, revealed the full meaning of God's dealings with humankind –– especially pertaining to the house of Israel and kept records of the teachings God has revealed during their time as prophets as well as what happened with the people who received or rejected the teachings God revealed by His prophet. 
It has always been the prophet’s duty to speak out against sin and warn of the eternal consequences of sin while emphasizing a love for all of God’s children (as sinners) despite our weaknesses and imperfections as prophets also are to set a good example by living an honorable life and treating others with the proper care and respect. 
Prophets are called first and foremost to preach righteousness and in cases where people have pushed away a true belief and faith in Jehovah (in the Old Testament) or Jesus Christ (of the New Testament) a prophet is to help restore God's truths as a means of bringing God's children back to a proper worship of and faith in God. True faith in God comes from correcting false views of God's character and clarifying what God requires for our salvation. 
As pertaining to predictions, prophets have frequently been forthteller's of important events often with a focus on the kingdom of the Messiah. Other key patterns of true prophets have been that they testify of the divine Sonship of Jesus Christ and His great atoning sacrifice as well as quoting other prophets who have done the same for the purposes of strengthening our faith in Jesus Christ. Prophets also may receive power from God to translate ancient records.

Redeemer (a. k. a. Jesus Christ) One who is divinely appointed to remove the consequences of sin. When any of us commits sin we become a slave to the Devil who holds our souls unless we are ransomed by a power greater than our own. Jesus Christ is the One who holds the power to ransom us by saving us from spiritual death and hell (one of the negative consequences of sin) as well as the ability to deliver us from the hold the grave has on us in physical death. Because spiritual redemption refers to a deliverance from sin, it is imperative to have a correct understanding of Jesus' Atonement which makes such redemption possible. Because Jesus Christ is the Son of God and only sinless person on earth, He was the only one capable of paying the price of sin for all of humankind and also the only one who could make resurrection possible for all people. (See Atonement)

Redemption See Atonement, the Fall of Adam and Eve

Repentance Faith in Christ and a love for God and others leads us to sincere repentance. Repentance is a significant change in how we think, what we believe and a change to stop doing things that are not in harmony with God's laws. When we sincerely repent, we see God in a better light as well as ourselves and the world in a better light (often with optimism for our potential to improve our efforts for doing good). We stop doing things that are wrong and we keep doing things that are right. True repentance is at the very core of the test of our lives. 
To pass the test of mortal life we should be diligent in working towards sincerely aligning our will with God's. It is a mistake for any of us to say God is on our side but it is always right for us to seek to put ourselves on God's side. Through the grace of Christ the atonement is made possible for our salvation after we've done all we can do to prove our obedience to the commandments of God. Sincere repentance means caring more about what God thinks of our sins rather than what people think of our sins. It means we care more about what happens to others we may have harmed as well as our eternal salvation more than caring about any embarrassment or material or other worldly losses that come as a natural yet uncontrolled consequence from our choice to sin. We must confess all of our sins to God through personal prayer as well as confess to those we have harmed or deceived in any way. 
Serious sins need to be confessed to God's authorized leaders in His church. All sins should be corrected to the best of our ability (via restitution) and we should not wait to confess our sins only after evidence proves our guilt. 
Repentance changes us for the better, makes the world a better place and gives us hope in our potential to inherit the highest level of heaven after death thanks to the Atonement of Jesus Christ. The results of repentance also include feeling God's love more easily in our hearts as we experience peace of conscience and divine forgiveness. It plays a key role towards our individual happiness. But since we are not perfect we are bound to make mistakes from time to time in life. So we must keep repenting. 
As we practice repentance daily (not as a means to excuse sin by planning to repent later since true repentance requires we make a daily diligent effort to never repeat the same sin again) we will find ourselves happier and more successful in our abilities to master a more productive use our time for good and our desires to do good will increase. Real repentance leads us to Christ who can ultimately provide for us and those we love the greatest of joys. (See also Atonement, Jesus Christ and God's Plan for our happiness.)

Resurrection The reuniting of a person’s spirit body with their perfected physical body of tangible flesh and bones after death to never be separated ever again because of the immortal state of the newly resurrected body. The resurrection is possible only because of the Atonement of Jesus Christ. He was the first of God's children to be resurrected.

Salvation See Jesus Christ and Atonement

Savior of the World See Jesus Christ

Sin A refusal of an individual (man or woman or child old enough to understand the basics of right and wrong) to keep the commandments (laws) of God. Sin brings about an estrangement from God which results in a spiritual death. Because we are all free to choose to sin or not, we are not, however, free to choose the consequences of sin. Therefore, when we sin, we lose control over our own will by becoming a slave to sin and thus experience spiritual death. Sin and sorrow go hand-in-hand since even if the sorrow takes time to manifest, it always comes sooner or later. The atonement of Jesus Christ causes us to all be accountable for our individual choices in life. We may receive forgiveness for our sins as we do our best efforts to obey the laws of God as taught by the gospel of Jesus Christ which will help us to be forgiven so we may have eternal life and live again with God in heaven (a state of eternal peace and happiness) after death.

Stewardship The active direction by one in charge over an organization or group. For example, the president of a basketball club would have stewardship over how the club is ran as a benefit for the people that the club serves. In religious matters, a prophet is a leader of God's church (one of it’s presidents) who has stewardship over the people and the prophet is therefore responsible to teach the people of righteousness, lead them by good example to Christ and denounce sin and warn of the negative consequences that will come to those who choose to disobey God's laws. But since God is a God of order, He follows a divine pattern of rank and file which includes the command to honor and obey the laws of the land in which you live. 
God's order also provides that no one can receive guidance from God for people who have positions of stewardship above and beyond that of their own stewardship. So for example, in the United States, because a prophet is not usually also the president of the United States, the prophet does not have legal stewardship or legal accountability for the choices that a U.S. president makes and therefore is not liable to tell the president how to do his or her job. Although the president of the United States may receive counsel from any number of different religious leaders of differing denominations, it is still ultimately the responsibility of the president to follow the dictates of his or her own conscience as he or she seeks to honor the laws of the land in carrying out his or her presidential duties to best serve the people of the United States.

Telestial Level of Heaven (a. k. a. “Telestial Kingdom of God”) This is the lowest of all three levels of heaven that are possible for a person to earn after death through the saving grace of the atonement of Jesus Christ. Because we make choices in our everyday lives regarding good or evil, we are rewarded by God depending upon what choices we made in life and what we really desired in our heart (as is often manifested by what we did with our time). After the Judgment we'll be rewarded depending upon what we did with our bodies (actions, choices or the lack thereof since the choice to let someone else choose for you and to go with whatever someone else chooses means that you are willing to let evil be the choice if you allow someone else to invite it thereby passively sharing in the responsibility for the choice made). Those who did not repent but chose to keep sinning will receive this lowest level of heaven. In the scriptures it's compared with the glory of the stars.

Terrestrial Level of Heaven (a. k. a. “Terrestrial Kingdom of God”) This is the second highest level of heaven. This middle level is for those who chose not to accept the full gospel of Jesus Christ but still used their time honorably with many good choices. This middle level is compared in the scriptures with the glory of the moon.

Time of Judgment After death there is appointed a time for each of us to meet God. This time is known as the 'Judgment' or 'Final Judgment.' At the time of judgment, we will each be resurrected and be held accountable for our own individual sins as we are judged individually by God through Jesus Christ. The final judgment results in our receiving an eternal reward of God. The reward we receive will depend upon how obedient we were to the commandments of God which includes if we chose to accept or reject the atoning sacrifice of Jesus Christ. (See also Degrees of Heaven)

To die spiritually This is a death of (or end of) choosing things that are righteous. It is when we become separated from God and His influences. To be spiritually dead while still living on earth is what happens to those who choose evil behaviors, entertain evil thoughts and/or speak lies and other forms of wickedness in their communications with others. Christ gives us hope that each of us can overcome our own spiritual death through the Atonement of Jesus Christ and thereby become cleansed from the spiritual stains of sin as we do our best to obey the principles and ordinances of the Gospel.

To have sins forgiven The Lord has taught us that in order for us to be forgiven of God, we must forgive others who have sinned against us (Matt 6:12, 15). Although we may forgive others for their sins against us, that does not remove the guilty person's responsibility to fully repent as the Lord requires which includes doing his or her best to correct the sin(s) he or she committed. For us to be forgiven of our sins, the Lord provides for us His great atoning sacrifice for our salvation upon conditions of our repentance. (See Repentance, Atonement and God’s Plan for Happiness)

To live again with God See Eternal Life and Celestial Level of Heaven

Tree of knowledge of good and evil See Fall of Adam and Eve

World of spirits The place we all go after death. It basically is divided into two sides. The first side is known as paradise where the spirits of the righteous go. It's a place of peace and rest from all worries and sorrow. The second side is known as spirit prison where those who never learned of Christ and those who knew of Christ but rejected Christ's prophets and chose wickedness. 
Those in spirit prison can be welcomed into spirit paradise if they learn the Gospel (all that is required for them to learn for their salvation) and then accept vicarious works done on their behalf since salvation requires good works to be done while we are still alive on earth (and whereas death brings about a separation of our spirit from our body we cannot do the work God requires (such as physical baptism) so we must enlist the help of those still living via vicarious works (1 Cor 15:29). God makes ample provisions for the salvation of all of His children and then leaves it up to each one of us whether in life or after physical death (if necessary) to freely choose to accept the Atonement of Jesus Christ and live in happiness. The world of spirits is where each of us waits for our own individual resurrection and time of judgment.



Financial Terms (This is not a complete list of terms.)

401(k) Plan A retirement savings account partially funded by employer contributions (often referred to as a company or employer “match”) which allows employees who contribute to postpone or “defer” paying the income tax on their contributions and earnings accumulated by those contributions until they take out or “withdraw” that money after retiring. Without the company match, a 401(k) may not be as good as an IRA that you have yet to contribute the maximum to. (Historical reminder: Buying your employers stock with your retirement money (see “Capital Preservation” below) is probably not a good idea. Remember what happened with Enron and Worldcom. The people who made millions off their employers stock are the exception (it doesn’t happen very often), not the rule. More often it’s the people who invest in their employers stock in their 401(k) or receive their employers stock as a matching contribution for retirement or allow their employer to pay them in stock options that the day comes when they (the employees) realize what they have in their account is basically worthless and there’s no turning back the clock to correct what has become a devastating financial loss for those who naively let it happen.

403(b) Plan A plan that is offered to teachers and nonprofit employees that is very similar to 401(k) plans.

457 Plan A plan usually offered to government employees that is also very similar to 401(k) plans.

Actively Managed Investment This is basically a portfolio investment that is managed by someone (a financial professional) who tries to get the highest rate of return (or ROI) by selling and buying securities.

American Stock Exchange (AMEX) One of the U.S. largest options (stock options) exchanges. Most exchange traded funds (ETFs) are listed on the AMEX.

Annual Percentage Rate (APR) Often charged by credit card companies such as VISA and MasterCard, the APR is the annual interest rate you’ll owe when you don’t pay the monthly balance due on your credit card bill. In 2007, an 18% - 20% APR was fairly common.

Annuity the right to receive a certain paid amount annually at some time in the future. Annuities are often sold by insurance companies. These can be used when life insurance cannot be qualified for due to serious health problems. It's also used at times for those who either want to supplement their retirement or for those who would not wisely handle an inheritance that is received as a large lump sum. (Or in other words, if they got their money all at once, they'd probably blow it and spend it all too quickly and wind up broke. This happens more often than not since most people don't plan ahead, don’t save enough or even know how much things can cost when things go wrong such as for emergencies.) Annuities often have some of the highest commissions.

Asset Anything that makes you money can be considered an asset. If it brings you a positive cash flow, it’s an asset. If it puts money into your pocket it’s an asset. Some examples of assets would be Real Estate that provides you with a positive cash flow, your savings in your bank, debt that someone owes you and pays you with interest, etc. You get the idea.

Asset Allocation This is basically the dividing up of investment funds among various types of assets such as fixed income investments (such as bonds), cash equivalents, and stock. It also may refer to industry sectors of stocks. Asset allocation is a vital concept in financial planning as it ultimately affects risk and return. It's a factor that's important to consider along with taxes (since some investments do well in taxable accounts but others should be in tax sheltered accounts). But keep in mind that although asset allocation may reduce chances for large losses over time, it does not prevent loss –– especially in a bear market or in the event of the collapse of the U.S. dollar. 
The fact is, so-called 'perfect asset allocation' is a fairytale you shouldn't believe is possible. So if you have anyone trying to convince you that you must have an actively managed portfolio (with constant rebalancing to aim for perfection) that idea is more likely to bring you more frequent losses than less frequent rebalancing does. Annual reviews of where you're at with your fund that result in a rebalance may be wise but don't let anyone convince you that a rebalance is needed every month or quarter before first doing your own homework or research to see if that’s really true. When you understand and use asset allocation correctly it often reduces losses and improves rates of return. (Don't get this confused with Asset Allocation Funds which are mutual funds that are considered by some to be a pointless rip-off since they only invest in other mutual funds.)

Bank a financial institution, often insured by the FDIC, to store or save your money that may or may not earn much interest. 

Bankruptcy When you owe far more money than you can afford to pay (often with credit card debt or medical bills) and file a legal form that proves you’re unable to pay your bills. Although this can free you from being obligated to pay some of your bills, it ruins your credit and makes it very difficult to get loans from any banks, home lenders, car financing programs, or credit card companies etc for several years. The only way to overcome filing for bankruptcy to be able to once again obtain loans in the future is to have a proven track record for paying bills (such as housing rental payments, phone and utility bills etc) on time every month for at least one year – preferably longer. (By the way – the number one cause for bankruptcy in the U.S. is medical debt. When we do the things we need to take care of ourselves and prevent ourselves from becoming sick we greatly reduce the chances of facing the possibility of medical related bankruptcy. This is one of many reasons people here in the U.S. are seeking for long-term, high quality, effective solutions to fix the healthcare problems in our country.)

Being Diversified (a. k. a. ‘Diversification’) To have the right variety of investments in your portfolio. A good example is if you have seven stocks in your portfolio, you don’t want more than one in the same sector (industry). If you own McDonald’s stock then you probably don’t also need Burger King stock as well since they’re both large, successful burger fast food chains. But that all depends. (The only possible exception to this rule of not duplicating sectors may be the health care industry.) 
The following is an example of a what a diversified portfolio could be but with the disclaimer that I'm not actually recommending anyone purchase the stock of the companies mentioned: heavy industrial machinery (i.e. Caterpillar), a domestic oil and gas company (i.e. XTO Energy), the health care sector (i.e. Inverness Medical Innovations and/or CVS Caremark), a large global fast food chain (i.e. McDonald’s), technology (i.e. Corning) and consumer products (i.e. Pepsi). Again, I’m not recommending you buy any of these company stocks – these are simply examples of how a diversified portfolio might look like with well-known successful companies in it. Including bonds, cash equivalents and real estate investments along with stocks in ones portfolio is a way to diversify further.

Bond A debt instrument often used by a company (or the government) to raise money for the company (or government) to use. Bonds are far less risky than stocks. Simply put, a bond is a type of loan. Instead of going to a bank to get money, when a company wants to borrow money, they can issue a bond. For example, if ABC company creates and sells a bond, ABC co. is the “issuer.” This is just like if Pat Peterson owns ABC co. and borrows money, Pat (or ABC co.) is the “borrower.” If Richard Richman buys the bond sold by ABC co. then he becomes the bondholder, which is just like a “lender.” Bonds are different than loans in that bonds don’t pay interest but pay a “coupon” which is a lot like interest. Often only the coupon is paid every year (much like an interest only loan as opposed to interest that compounds). 
How it works is that usually a bond issuer (or borrower) will pay the coupon to the bondholders (or the lenders). The original amount of money the issuer borrowed is called the “principal.” The bond will reach its “maturity date” (date set at some point in the future – sometimes as either a one year, five year, ten year or other time period) when the bond issuer must pay the principal amount back to the bondholder. Often bonds that are guaranteed and backed by the U.S. government, such as U.S. Treasury bonds, are considered low risk investments that can be used as part of a capital preservation strategy. Overall it’s not that complicated. I would say that even my cat understands the basics of bonds, but I don’t have a cat.

Bond Funds Funds that invest in short-term to intermediate term highly rated bonds. When you do your homework and research potential investments, bond funds often have a higher yield and somewhat lower fees as compared to stable value funds. Stable value funds are not always a better choice for some when compared to bond funds. But, as with all investment and savings related choices, it all depends.

Budget (or Budgeting) A means of controlling your spending and creating responsible personal financial habits so as to reach some desired goal. Often the best reason for saving money through a personalized budget is to create capital that can then be grown through wise investing (obtaining an ROI that will beat inflation and taxes enough to also create a surplus of money thanks to the fact that you did your moneymaking homework by researching to find great investments) to create wealth. This way you don’t have to live out your retirement years in a place that has so much junk in the front yard that people drive by always thinking you’re having a yard sale but are too scared to get any closer to see just exactly what it is that’s possibly for sale.

Budget Priorities To make sure you are budgeting the right things in the right order for the greatest chances for financial success. For the highest success, budget to pay tithing first (ideally you'll pay at least ten percent to your favorite church or charity), then you'll pay yourself by creating needed savings and investment accounts (emergency savings, then retooling and retirement accounts), then budget taxes, then insurance (primarily miscellaneous health insurance needs including dental) and then budget for living expenses and all other needs. Those who put savings last never seem to save enough to handle life successfully or learn that they probably need to earn more to save more and thus enjoy more of their own money. 
To be truly financially self-reliant and charitable (by paying tithing), it is best to plan on pursuing employment that will bring in at least a half a million dollars a year. Pursuing entrepreneurial endeavors that most effectively utilize your talents (those things you seem to be naturally good at doing and/or most passionate about) while making the world a better place and praying to God for guidance to know you're on the right track for accumulating your wealth in the right ways and for the right reasons is the best and fastest way to achieve the financial success you desire. Seek to help others in your success and give God the credit for all of your blessings and the rights he so benevolently bestows upon us and miracles will happen for your good. Then teach others to do and experience the same. (And don't give up on doing what you know and feel is right for you to do when obstacles get in the way. When you make sure you're on God's side, things eventually work out.)

Business Owner Also known as an entrepreneur, when someone owns a business (usually a large business) but has a system in place that is proven reliable for 4 or 5 years, then the business owner who created the company and its system may eventually leave the business to run on its own and yet make even more money because he or she (the business owner) is not there but is out either opening anther franchise of that business or starting a different one while someone trustworthy keeps the first business running profitably. 
Often times a business owner recognizes he or she has a good idea (such as Dave Thomas – the founder of Wendy’s fast food burger franchise) but cannot be the expert in everything nor can he or she be everywhere all the time. So, with the example of Dave, he hired accountants to help him track his money, employees to make burgers and drinks etc, attorneys to help with the legal aspects of owning and running a business, investment advisors to counsel him on how to protect and invest his profits etc. Usually the person with the idea for a business will have an active role in creating the system for the first 4 or 5 years or longer and then eventually lets go (yet still maintains ownership) by delegating responsibilities to others so that he or she may grow the business in other ways. 
Once you have a proven business system in place (where it shows steady growth for the first 5 years or more and you know who will handle what responsibilities to keep it running smoothly etc) then you can begin to look into expanding by adding more locations. By the time Dave Thomas had over a dozen successful Wendy’s restaurants in operation, it became clear that the opportunity for Wendy’s restaurant franchises was his future. Owning successful franchises is a key to making tens of millions to hundreds of millions in profits. McDonalds is certainly an extreme example of this. (See also Entrepreneur)

Calculated Risk A risk that includes information about estimations of the possibility of success or failure for a particular circumstance or decision.
A simple example of calculated risk would be when your big brother decides to put peanut butter on the inside of the handle of the gallon of milk in the fridge in a way that’s hardly noticeable to anyone else, and then tells you he has some chocolate cake he brought home from the store and he’ll share it with you after you go bring him some milk from the fridge. He is taking a number of calculated risks in that he feels confident that a number of things are more likely to happen (success) than not (failure). Some of these calculated risks are that: 1) you’re likely to believe him simply because you would like some chocolate cake, 2) that you’ll actually go get the milk and grab the handle of it in the process and thereby be the victim of his harmless prank by getting peanut butter all over your hand, and, 3) that although you may get mad once you find out there really is no cake and you feel foolish, that his chances of being punished any time soon by mom or dad for doing that to you are extremely low since your parents are on vacation and he’s been left in charge for the week until they get back. Or he may still share some cake with you and bet that by actually sharing some cake with you as he said he would, that you’ll laugh it off and not say anything to your parents when they get back, thus significantly reducing the likelihood of his receipt of punishment by your parents for his mischief.
This can be related to investing in that investors take a calculated risk when they know the chances of success or failure with any particular investment or investment strategy. For the metaphor of the chocolate cake, a wise investor would do their profit producing homework and realize that the big brother here has a tendency towards mischief and thus, as the younger sibling, decide not to take a chance on failure and thus wisely avoid getting any peanut butter on his or her hand and empty promises of cake that won’t be provided, so to speak, while making sure that any chocolate cake they eat comes from a more trustworthy source – such as their mom. (See also Risk and Risk Tolerance Test.)

Capital Money you invest or any form of affluence that is used to create more affluence.

Capital Gains Tax Taxes on profits from the sale of an investment such as stock.

Certified Financial Planner (CFP) An individual who has passed a series of tests covering subjects relating to insurance, banking, taxes, investments and estate affairs. The exams taken are accredited by the Certified Financial Planner Board of Standards based out of Denver. Many times a CFP will specialize in one subject (such as estate planning) as a consultant and work with other experts as needed. CFPs are either fee only planners (meaning they make no money on clients who effectively follow their plan but instead charge an hourly rate for services) or they charge a commission depending upon the product or service they sell.

Charitable Self-reliance This is a form of self reliance where you actually practice one-on-one, face to face charity rather than passing the buck by sending someone in need to someone else. The primary reason so many churches and other charitable non-profits go into the red in their local charitable budgets is because too many people have been passing the responsibility to care for those in need to someone else. When we work with the goal of becoming wealthy enough to be in an economically independent position to personally provide money and other assistance generously to the poor on a one-on-one, face to face basis –– of our own free will, without being pushed to do so by someone else and especially without expecting reimbursement for it (because we don’t need reimbursement) –– then we are practicing charitable self-reliance. It’s this practice that keeps local churches and charities in the black with their charitable budgets and better able to care for those in need when no one else is available or willing to help. 
It’s better to give to someone that asks for help rather than to withhold in skepticism because if you don’t give to someone that asks for help and claims a need because you think they are lying BUT then you find out from God after you get old and die that the person who asked really was telling the truth and really did need the money or help for good reasons, then God will blame you and hold you accountable if you decided not to help someone in need when you could have helped them. If you are in a position of power to help them, such as having the money they need, but you don’t help them then you could be at fault in God’s eyes for whatever challenges the person in need had because you withheld your help.
On the other hand, if someone asks you for help, such as for money, and you help them and if they were lying then that’s on them and they’ll have to answer to God for lying to you. You’ll get a stamp of approval from God for following the Christian virtue of generous charity. You’ll get a stamp of approval for treating them with kind belief rather than cold skepticism because kind belief is charitable.
So by giving to someone that asks you for help, when you can give them whatever help you can, you can’t be wrong. That’s an important way we can ‘love one another.’ It’s the best route to take because you can’t go wrong by helping. But you can be wrong if you don’t help when someone really needed it but they may not have had the time or the circumstances or ability to prove they were telling the truth and needed the help they were requesting. So just help when you can. Besides it’s the true Christian thing to do. (You may want to remember that the next time you pray for the Lord’s generous blessings in your life and you don’t want Him to turn you away –– especially when you’re asking for forgiveness of sins.)

Charitable Trust A trust account you can put money into that will later distribute profits to the charity or charities of your choice at the end of the year while also including the tax advantage of not having any gains accrue to you.

Commission (sales) a payment made to an agent (such as an insurance agent) that usually consists of a certain percentage amount for handling business for another. For example, in a home sale, the seller of the home might choose to hire a real estate agent to help handle the business of selling the home. The Real estate agent would handle getting good photos or video of the home, decide on a good sales price for the seller, advertise the home and then meet and negotiate with buyers (including negotiation of contract terms) to purchase the home. The seller agrees to pay the agent a certain percentage of the sales price (a sales commission) for the completion of the sale of the home.

Commodities Market Related to products of agriculture or mining. Examples in the commodities market are investments such as wheat, soybeans, corn, gold and silver etc.

Company (Business) A group of people that handle the running of a commercial or industrial operation.

Compound Interest  Interest that is calculated on the sum of an original principal and accrued interest. It’s the power that makes growing a few dollars a day into enormous sums of money a real possibility for smart investors with excellent timing. Einstein is known for saying that compound interest is the most powerful invention of man.

Consumer Price Index (CPI) An index that measures the change in the rate at which general price levels increase. Although it is often considered by many in the financial industry as a key measure of inflation, many others feel it is an outdated and largely flawed standard to measure by due to the fact that it has regularly underestimated inflation in the United States by enormous amounts for decades. This underestimation consistently causes investors to miscalculate their investment estimate needs and forecasts which often gives them poor results.

Contract A legal document (usually expensive pieces of paper because of the combined cost of expertise and needed paperwork to make it enforceable by law) that outlines an agreement often between two or more competent people (or companies) that offers rewards for doing what you agree to do and consequences for breaking the rules. A contract is ultimately a binding agreement used for two or more people who are trying to work together to achieve a basically unified goal. Contracts are a large part of doing business in the world of money and investments.

Credit Card a plastic card provided by a giver of credit (i.e. bank, oil company, retail store etc) that allows the holder of the card to buy something now and pay later even if you can't afford to pay for it now or later. This buy-now-pay-later plan has made this once fantastic plastic a key player in triggering drastic suffering for millions of Americans financially as they have fallen into the dangerous habit of stepping into the debt trap to pay for those things that they could not otherwise afford.  The habit of the plastic swipe payment method has lead to users of credit cards to not pay attention to costs of items they purchase. Not knowing the costs of commonly used items perpetuates the problems of financial illiteracy and has caused many consumers to therefore spend more than they can afford to pay back. This is why paying primarily with cash is the best way to prevent spending beyond ones ability to pay. Spending using only real money is the best way to pay close attention to how much things cost.

Credit Score (Also known as FICO score) A means of measuring the credit worthiness of an individual (or a corporation – such as a Dun and Bradstreet rating) based on a number of factors including income and past payment reliability on bank loans and other debts that are reported to organizations such as Experian, Transunion and Equifax.

Debt Money owed to an individual or business. But you probably already knew that. Ultimately, those people that are the most financially successful and live with integrity have no debt. None. They don’t owe anyone any money ever.
But if you have to use debt, keep in mind that there is good debt and bad debt. Good debt has a low interest rate and the money is used to eventually increase your net worth – such as a small business loan or a college loan or a mortgage with a large up front payment (at least 50% up front or a.k.a. “the down payment”) to buy a home. Bad debt is usually in the form of those plastic cards in your wallet known as credit cards when you only pay the minimum balance on them. Bad debt often has high interest rates and the money is often used to pay for things you really don’t need and that often depreciate in value. Really bad debt is when you purchase on your credit card 10,000 Rubber Ducky Sponge Bath collectors items “just in case.” (“Just in case” of what – I don’t know.)

Defined Benefit Plan A pension plan provided by an employer to its employees that assured a certain amount of money would be paid to every employee (of the employer) who retires after a certain number of years of employment. These types of pensions were more common several decades ago and because most of these types of pensions were paid entirely by the employer, most retirees who benefited from them enjoyed a financially secure retirement since the employer was in a significantly stronger position than the employee to afford to properly structure and pay for the pension. Employees did not make any retirement account decisions with defined benefit plans since the responsibility of doing the math and choosing the right investment for retiring employees to have the right financial security available for them at retirement rested solely on the employer (who likely paid for professional investment advice to ensure sufficient investing and returns). Defined Benefit Pensions were investments that recipients or beneficiaries didn’t have to pay taxes on.

Defined Contribution Plan Created decades ago to primarily save money for employers, defined contribution pensions put the burden of saving for retirement primarily on the employee (who often do not earn enough money to properly assume the tremendous responsibility of saving and investing for their own future retirement). Because defined contribution plans limit the level of contributions that can be made to the plan, unless the investments get absolutely stellar returns on a continual basis (such as a minimum 16% or more ROI) the employee simply will not be able to accumulate a sufficient amount needed for a secure retirement (primarily because the employee can't contribute enough 1) due to rule limits and 2) because of the employees insufficient income during his or her working years.
But even with a stellar return of 16% ROI it is still not enough to overcome the eroding power of taxes.
Although defined contribution plans are often praised for allowing employees the choice of where to invest their account, this isn't always the case since many employers make the primary decisions about the account choices and since the employer is looking to save money for themselves, this often results in poor account selections for employees. Also, even when employees are given the choice, too often they are not educated enough in matters of investments to recognize what makes a good investment for their unique circumstances (as every person must be considered unique in order to get the best financial advice) and when they do pick the right account for their needs, they too often don't earn enough to begin with to save enough each year for retirement.
So although the older practice of employers providing defined benefit plans that didn't offer the option for employees to participate in the account selection process, employees didn't need to participate (and often weren't educated enough in matters of financial literacy specific to investment decisions to best do so) since the employer paid often for the best experts to help them to get the math right so that faithful employees who gave their best work for several decades of loyal service wouldn't feel ripped off after such dedicated service to their employers. But since defined contribution plans are far more common today, many employees no longer expect their employee retirement plan to accurately reflect their value as an employee after several years of loyal work for their employer.
Common defined contribution plans of today are the 401(k), 403(b) and 457 plans. The choice by companies to move the liability of successful retirement savings and planning onto employees via the concept of the defined contribution plan may prove to be one of the biggest contributing factors to what may very likely be seen as one of the largest financial catastrophe's to have ever hit multiple generations (beginning with the baby boomers) since the Great Depression.
The fact that most major corporations have switched to offering more defined contribution plans to save money begs the question that, if a major multibillion dollar corporation can’t afford to pay for an effective retirement plan for an employee then where is the logic in thinking that the average lower income employee can afford it? If big companies can’t afford to set aside the minimum twenty five percent or more needed to ensure a sufficient retirement income for each employee, then where is the logic in thinking that the average employee, who earns no where near the billions that big companies do, can afford it?
This is yet another reason for people to do all that they can to find the entrepreneurial spirit within them to create their own wealth through career choices that make the world a better place and allow them the greatest chance to earn six figures or more (ideally a half a million dollars or more per year) and to give back by tithing first and teaching others to do likewise through their own efforts towards true financial self-reliance as only the power of entrepreneurism can bring.

Dental Insurance An insurance policy that covers or pays for a portion of various dental related procedures and services such as cleanings, fillings, extractions etc. Dental costs in any given month can be the most expensive health related costs a family can face, paying easily four to five times the amount compared to other typical doctor related expenses such as seeing a doctor for flu related symptoms or keeping a doctor’s appointment to deal with a skin rash. If you’ve ever had a really bad toothache, you know how important dental insurance is to have when you least expected you’d need it. Word to the wise: If you don’t have enough (or any) dental insurance – get it as quickly as you can.
Remember, the first stage of effective digestion to optimize your chances for obtaining the maximum nutritional benefit possible from any meal, begins in the mouth. (And most dentists will probably tell you it’s best to floss daily the teeth you want to keep. Usually that’s all of your teeth.)

Deficit A lack or deficiency in amount. Too much spending and not enough income is one way to see a deficit. This can be monetary or relating to other resources. (It’s similar to having too much demand for something and not enough supply. A shortage of flu vaccine shots is an example of a deficit of needed medical vaccinations used to prevent the flu.)

Disability Insurance Insurance that covers you by providing money in the event you become unexpectedly disabled (like from a car accident) and cannot work. It’s a good idea to have a good disability insurance policy (as well as good health insurance) as a part of your emergency preparedness plan (which includes having at least six to twelve months of emergency savings to cover all of your personal or family living expenses in the event you become unemployed or temporarily disabled) before you start to save money for investing.
(Reminder: Your emergency savings is never to be used for investing. Ideally it is after you have twelve months of income and needed supplies set aside for emergencies that you would then begin to set aside money for investing.) If you are not self-employed (where you own your own business) many times you can get disability insurance at a discount through your employer. And if you’re one of those people who thinks “I could never become disabled. That would never happen to me…” then you’re like a lot of people and should therefore go back and read the previous definition of bankruptcy –– especially the last few lines of it. 
Living your life without disability and health insurance and then getting into an accident or getting a crippling disease is a great way to have your life fall apart financially for years in ways that are incredibly difficult to overcome. You’d be surprised how many people are in homeless shelters or are living out of their car because they got sick unexpectedly (after previously having great health) and were not prepared financially. Don’t let that be you.

Discretionary Fund A fund or account created usually for the purpose of growing money which can be used for buying a house, car, college tuition or other purchases. Because there aren’t the same tax advantages in discretionary funds like there are with retirement funds, the growth of money in your discretionary fund (your nonretirement portfolio) needs to be able to compensate for what taxes are taken from profits made. Depending upon various factors, more risk may be afforded in nonretirement portfolios than retirement portfolios. If you lose money in a discretionary fund that you had hoped to use to buy a $70,000 car with and instead can only afford a $40,000 car, it’s not the end of the world. But if you take too much risk in your retirement fund (such as your IRA or 401(k) and lose money so that you can’t pay for three years of your retirement, then you may find yourself wearing a uniform working for minimum wage at a store you may not even like to begin with. That doesn’t have to happen to you. Choose early to invest wisely (do your money making homework) and you’ll live a happier life. But ultimately it’s important to always remember that, when investing in the market or in any other investment, you should only put in the amount of money you can afford to lose.

Emergency Savings Something people too often don't save and plan adequately for. Unexpected financial emergencies are a key factor in why many people unrepentantly become homeless. Emergencies that are 'unexpected' are considered such usually because of either denial or a lack of intelligence (or more accurate understanding) regarding proper personal financial planning and budgeting. Common unexpected life problems that are often expensive to solve are: medical (health) problems, a loved ones unexpected major needs (spouse, child, parent etc), property damage (home or car), income loss (job loss, death of spouse, divorce, investment losses) and legal problems (litigation – prosecution or defense needs) are some of many problems that can occur in life when you least expect it or worse, when you can least afford it. It is imperative that an adequate emergency savings be in place at all times throughout life. 
Because most of us are not wealthy, we must do our best to work towards greater financial self-reliance so we can properly support ourselves during an emergency and teach others to do the same. For some, the least amount needed for an emergency savings is roughly sixty-five thousand dollars and it could go up to one hundred and sixty-five thousand dollars or more. Every time money is used for an emergency that money needs to be replenished as quickly as possible. The two primary reasons most American's do not have a sufficient emergency reserve in place is due to an inadequate annual income earnings (low paying employment) and because people make the financially fatal mistake of putting the goal of savings at the bottom of their budget to be done last if at all. 
So to solve the problem of emergency savings deficiencies, earn enough income each year (ideally five hundred thousand dollars minimum or more), live frugally and put savings for emergencies (as well as for retirement and retooling) near the top of your list right after tithing (which should come first). Just make sure that your emergency savings are 'highly liquid' which means it's easy to access and use (like cash or gold) or easy to convert into cash such as money market fund shares or US Treasury bills. Using 'illiquid' investments is a mistake for emergency use since illiquid investments (such as stocks, bonds or commodities that are not actively traded on the market) are harder to sell quickly without experiencing a large loss. 
Those that earn a sufficiently high income and save enough for all emergencies are basically self-insured. Those Americans that are wealthy enough to be self-ensured through honorable career and budgeting efforts tend to sleep better at night than those that struggle to pay their own bills due to their low income and high debt.

Employee Someone who works for someone else.

Employer Someone who hires someone to work for them.

Entrepreneur One who owns a business and therefore often assumes any risks in that business. Entrepreneurs make up a significantly large portion of the demographics for millionaires and multimillionaires. If you are an entrepreneur, you choose your own hours of when you work and you choose who you work with. Although it provides great freedom in many ways, it comes at the price of risk. If you are careful with your spending, planning and time, and if you do your research and work with the right experts to increase your chances of success (making calculated risks) by following their advice, you will enjoy your work more because you will have a greater likelihood for success. Entrepreneurs are many times good for the economy as they provide more jobs –– especially when they provide better paying jobs. 
An Entrepreneur who focuses on making the world a better place is one who practices higher, more noble strategies as an entrepreneur who earns their income with integrity and high moral values. Honorable entrepreneurs provide products and/or services that truly bless the lives of others such as improving medical technology (for both humans and animals), providing high quality education (including high quality financial literacy), advancing automotive safety technologies, supporting families, and helping people to become better in as many good and noble ways as possible (such as strengthening their faith in Jesus Christ) and gives back to his or her community by donating to good causes or through creating philanthropic programs that truly bless the lives of others and make the world a better place. 
This usually means they avoid selling destructive products and services such as alcoholic beverages, tobacco, gambling, violent entertainment (such as extremely violent video games or extremely violent movies) or things that are sexually explicit in any way or support the adult entertainment industry through pornography etc. (See also Self-employed Business Owner)

Exchange (Re: Trading) The main location where trading of securities or futures occurs. The largest centralized locations to trade stocks in the U.S. are the New York and American Stock Exchanges.

Exchange Traded Funds (ETF's) Mutual funds traded on exchanges like stocks and are organized as index shares. The bulk of ETF's are listed on the American Stock Exchange.

Familiarity Something you must have with any investment you are thinking of putting money into. Yes, this usually means doing your profit producing homework to make sure it’s a good investment that you’re comfortable with and have some confidence in. A good example might be choosing to invest in a large oil and gas company versus a snow boarding and athletic apparel company. If you snow board regularly, know the brand names that are the best, read up on what’s new and basically live and breathe the snow boarding lifestyle because you love it – yet the only thing you know about the oil and gas industry is that it somehow is connected to the convenience store where you buy snow boarding magazines and gas for your car so you can catch the next fresh powder of snowfall – then you might want to stay away from the oil and gas industry and look more closely at considering the industry you already love: that of winter recreational activities such as snow boarding and the industries related to it (winter athletic apparel, snow boarding manufacturers, winter ski resorts etc). 
The same principle applies to real estate versus commodities. If your dad managed a gold mine for 30 years and you worked there for a few years before graduating college, you may be more up to date on gold as it relates to the commodities market. If this were the case then you may be more comfortable and confident in your decision making regarding gold related market trends and investment opportunities than any real estate investing that you’ve never ever done before.

Fee Only Advisor Professional advisors who charge an hourly rate for services and make no money on clients who follow their plan; Not commission based advisors.

Financial Literacy A concept whose time has come! To be sufficiently educated about money and investing for the purposes of being truly financially self-sufficient with integrity and being able to teach others (such as your children and your children’s children etc) to do the same. It’s a great ulcer prevention program when understood and applied correctly. It can be taught at almost any age but ideally it should be taught as early in life as possible; the sooner the better.

Fixed Income Investments Another way of describing an investment bond.

Fund A pool of money. (i.e. A mutual fund, insurance fund or pension fund etc)

Gain Money made as profits on the sale of an asset. When you sell a bond, stock, mutual fund or other financial investment for more than the purchase price a gain is realized.

Gold A mineral that’s considered a precious metal. It has intrinsic value which means it can never be worthless. (See also Precious Metals)

Health Insurance An insurance policy that usually pays a portion of your health related expenses such as doctors bills, prescriptions and inpatient or outpatient hospital expenses. Since medical bankruptcy is one of the leading forms of bankruptcy in the U.S., it is very unwise to live without sufficient medical insurance through an insurance company that is truly reliable meaning they actually have a good track record of honoring and paying the claims their clients submit (unlike some companies that are unethical in that they take your money but then suddenly tell you they won’t cover your medical needs once a real life-or-death emergency arises – such as Cancer.)

Homeless When you don't have a place to live on a regular basis because you can't afford to pay for your own housing. People who are homeless are often the most vulnerable to becoming victims of a variety of crimes.

Hope – Something that gives promise for the future; an expectation of a fulfilled dream or promise. Hope is something each of us must have in order to exercise proper faith for both our temporal (financial) salvation and spiritual salvation. Do your best not to let anyone tear you from hope unless your expectations are extremely unrealistic. True friends help us to recognize realistic hopes vs. unrealistic hopes but tend to lean more towards optimism because miracles still happen. Many times miracles still happen even when doubters tell you something isn’t possible.
Generally speaking, when someone doubts a truly realistic possibility for an expectation for success that you feel justifies hope, the doubters either don’t understand the subject matter (of your hopes and/or dreams) well enough to see how it could work, or they don’t know (or believe in) God and His miracles very well or – worse – they don’t want you to succeed because if you succeed in reaching your dreams then they may no longer have a justifiable excuse for their own mediocrity. (And the worst of the worst is that they don’t want you to succeed because then they will lose a degree of power over you if they have aspirations against your freedoms or a lack of belief in your potential to wisely handle whatever freedoms you may receive in your success.) 
Do well with your life and treat others with the proper kindness and respect and you’ll prove to them that you’re very capable of being responsible and noble with your independence. This often results in finding others who are also good, successful people (responsible with their wealth) who will support you in your freedom and success. It already takes a lot of determination to succeed even with a cheerleader, but you have to especially be one tough and determined person to make it financially when you feel that you yourself are your only cheerleader. Do what you can to surround yourself with those who give you the right hope and cheer you on to fulfill your noblest of aspirations and you’ll be far more likely to succeed.

Income A financial increase or gain that usually comes from labor (such as working at a job), or owning a business or from investment property (such as owning an apartment complex).

Index Fund Basically it’s a mutual fund that invests in a group of securities that are selected to match the general makeup (or composition) and weighting of a specific stock market index that tracks the performance of the index. Two examples are: the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index and Standard and Poor’s 500 Index (S&P 500).

Individual Retirement Account (IRA) An account or fund that is tax-deferred and is used to save and invest money for retirement planning. IRA’s can be opened whether or not you are employed and are separate from a 401(k) and thus do not receive any employer matches or contributions. IRA’s, like 401(k)’s, have tax savings but IRA’s have more investing options than 401(k)’s (with IRA’s you have the whole market to choose from). As with most retirement accounts there are limitations to how much money can be put in (based upon your income) and there are fees and penalties for early withdrawal of funds. But be sure to check the tax laws to make sure they haven’t changed how an IRA is defined or operates.

Inflation A fact of life we all live with when consumer demand increases as it relates to the supply of goods or services which then causes a rise in prices of goods and services. Lots of demand and low supply brings inflation. An example would be that if the supply of toilet paper suddenly dropped (maybe because everyone at the toilet paper factories went on strike) to the point where only a few rolls could be sold to a single family per month – then the cost of toilet paper would rise higher than normal since there are more people with money to buy it than there are rolls to sell. (Probably Kleenex, napkins and paper towel costs would rise too since any one of them could be used as a substitute for toilet paper in an emergency.) 
Not having your national currency backed by gold (or a bimetallic system) and then having a government print money and increase the national debt is a major cause for excessive inflation that can impoverish (create poverty among) the masses and impoverish a nation. To understand the risks of hyperinflation that historically quickly collapses (destroys the value of) a national currency, study to understand the practice of Quantitative Easing or Q. E..

Insurance A way for an individual or company to have a guarantee of protection or safety (usually financially – but not always). Insurance is something you get in writing (a “policy”) that provides coverage through a contract where your insurance provider (i.e. State Farm, Allstate or Geico etc – companies that are in the business of insuring people or property) agrees to guarantee you against a specified loss. Insurance can also be referred to in a specific total amount such as if a person says: “I have $1,000,000 in life insurance with a company and I need to increase it because it’s not enough to support my family long term in the event I die.” There are a number of different kinds of insurance. Examples of some are: life insurance, auto insurance, health insurance, homeowners insurance, renters insurance, fire or flood insurance and various forms of business insurance (such as medical malpractice insurance and Errors and Omissions (E&O) insurance).

Interest This is not the kind of interest you express in a new game you want to play or the kind you express when you really like someone. Again, like all of the other definitions here, this one has to do with money. There are basically two kinds of interest affecting what’s in your wallet or bank account. The first has to do with debt where the interest is a charge for borrowed money that is usually a percentage of the amount borrowed (i.e. Money is loaned through ABC bank with an interest rate of 15%). The second has to do with investing where the interest is the return received by money (or capital) on its investment (i.e. “I just had a great last quarter with my portfolio because I earned 18%!”). If you’ve ever heard the saying, “Those who understand interest earn it, and those who don’t understand it pay it” now you know why that is so often quoted by people who are working to be an Enlightened Millionaire in the making. (See also the definition of R.O.I.)

Intuition This is often described as a feeling you get when you’re making a decision and you feel it’s either a good choice or a bad choice. It’s also called a “gut feeling.” This is something you should always listen to and never ignore. Just as with anything else, in the world of financial investments, your intuition can be helped along by learning all that you can about what you’re considering doing or investing in. 
An example may be of when you’re about to sign an investment agreement to buy a thousand shares of a certain company’s stock, and you get an uneasy feeling and the thought comes to you of something like, “I still haven’t had the time to look at the company’s income statement, balance sheet, and cash flow statement –– especially since looking at its balance sheet and cash flow statement is a big factor in knowing if the company I’m about to invest in is actually viable (having a good chance for success). I really need to do that.” If you were to hypothetically get a thought like this –– especially if you’re also feeling hesitant –– that probably means you should wait to sign and hand over your money until you’ve looked at the things that you were thinking about (the company’s income statement, balance sheet and cash flow statement –– especially the balance sheet and cash flow statement) and then make your decision after you’ve finished your profit producing and loss preventing homework (research) on those things. 
Whether it relates to money matters, moral matters or any other matter, when you follow through on your thoughts or intuition with serious decisions that make a big difference in your life or the life of others, you increase your chances of having a happier and more successful life as well as reduce the number of experiences of decisions made that you’ll regret. Intuition has a close cousin that is known as a “conscience” (also phrased as “having a conscience”) to help you decide in moral matters of right and wrong. It’s a great blessing when you listen to it and make right or good decisions. It can help you live a life with far fewer regrets.

Invention The creation of something (like a device) after a lot of research and experimentation. A few examples are: the light bulb, the computer, air conditioning, the heart-lung machine and mobile phones (cell phones). Creating a new invention that makes the world a better place is a great way to help others while creating honorable wealth. Making improvements to existing inventions (such as smaller GPS devices for helping parents to keep their children safe in ways that are hard for child predators to identify or tamper with) is another way to create wealth honorably.

Invest When you invest, you are usually providing and committing money so that you’ll earn a monetary (or financial) return (profits). You can invest anywhere from $1,000 in an investment all the way up to millions or even billions of dollars (such as when buying an established successful company). An example might be when someone says, “I just invested $100,000 in my neighbor’s home business and she’s promised that in return she’ll pay me 10% on my money.” Or “My Mom invested $150,000 in Hologic stock in 2008 and she is going to show me how her investment has done over time.” When you invest a specific amount regularly (such as $200 a month into a mutual fund) then you are using the power of "Dollar Cost Averaging" which means that when the price of the stocks are high you'll buy less but when the price is lower you'll buy more. This can help reduce the average cost you're paying per share over time. Dollar Cost Averaging (DCA or a constant dollar plan) may be useful in reducing the risk of investing a large amount at the wrong time.

Investment (a. k. a.  Security) – Money (as a sum) used for the purposes of creating income and/or profits. It can also be property (an asset) that’s bought.

Liability Anything that takes money away from you is a liability. If it doesn’t bring in money or profits for you, it’s a liability. Some examples of liabilities are: paying your electric bill, paying debt with interest (mortgage loan, credit card debt, medical bills, auto loans etc) making repairs to your car, buying a new TV or home stereo or new clothes etc.

Life Insurance A guaranteed amount of money to be paid upon an insured persons death to a specific beneficiary or beneficiaries (or person or people who will receive the benefits) by a company who is insuring that person according to a contract agreement (insurance policy) that the insured purchases from an insurance company. An example would be: “My dad pays every month for a life insurance policy of $2 million dollars in coverage since my mom wants to remain a fulltime choosing home mom if he dies and there are four young children in our family – one of which is disabled (my brother) and he will need care for the rest of his life. So when my dad passes, he’ll make sure that my Mom gets at least $1,600,000 and any of his children that are over the age of 18 can get $100,000. My mom also has a life insurance policy on her for my dad if she passes before he does. My parents really care about the financial future of our family.”

Loss Where the cost is higher than the selling price; opposite of profit.

Microcredit Programs – A way for entrepreneurs to borrow small amounts of money from private charitable organizations to launch their own business. These are found more often in other countries (often founded by American’s) to help women and the success rates have been extremely high for both the women becoming financially self-reliant plus the reliability of the women to pay back the loans on time. There are very few microcredit programs in the U.S. designed for domestic benefit (for American’s) but the more American’s become financially self-reliant the more money will be available to help strengthen both the U.S. and those of other countries. Hopefully more programs will come about through the private sector (American business) to help more American’s to learn what they need to learn to truly make it financially here in the U.S. so they can get the right business loans, pay them back due to proper implementation of a good business plan towards long-term profitable success and then help other Americans to learn and do the same. 
Helping more Americans to become financially successful in honorable ways while encouraging a philanthropic spirit will help the U.S. to remain a leader in charitable donations that go to help other countries and peoples all around the world (of all of the countries around the world that donate to other countries globally, the U.S. donates the most money. Recent estimates are that the U.S. freely gives away approximately 75% of the total global donations provided by countries for other countries worldwide.)

Mompreneur A choosing home mom that also owns her own home business so she can be an entrepreneur while still remaining close to home to raise her children. There is a rising trend of mompreneur millionaires who have family as their top priority and manage to work their business around the needs of their family – a home and happiness success trend that doesn’t seem to be going away anytime soon. They learn from the best and follow the advice they receive and that’s the recipe for their success. It shouldn’t come as any surprise to learn that nearly all mompreneurs follow the enlightened path to millions by making sure they give back to others and their communities while still providing prosperously for their families in the process. Many of them either donate to their favorite charity or create a charity to bless the lives of others. And the moms who go the extra mile to only provide honorable products and services are often far more successful than those who choose a lesser path to wealth. Good for you!

Mortgage A legal document (another term for describing an often expensive piece of paper) that provides a transfer of rights to a piece of property commonly used as security (or collateral) for the payment of a loan or debt which becomes void when the debt is paid. If you aren’t paying a mortgage for the house you’re living in and you’re over the age of 18 then what you’re paying is a rent or lease (which is usually a waste of money – unless it’s a lease with an option to buy where at least a portion of the payments go toward the purchase of the home and then it’s not quite as much of a waste of money).
But for those that want to avoid getting into enormous debt then renting or leasing a home or apartment is a way to avoid huge debt for housing.
Those who have a high enough amount of steady income along with a good credit history (or good credit score) can get a mortgage. It’s true, you can get a bunch of tax breaks as you pay off your mortgage but it’s not truly an asset yet. 
Anything you have to make payments on that does not bring you any profits (ROI) or residual income is, in my opinion, a liability. Although many people in the mortgage industry believe it’s acceptable for someone to use over ten percent of their income to pay for a mortgage, it’s a fast way to kill your budget and make you poor as you live paycheck to paycheck. Getting a mortgage often leads to greater dependence upon other debt such as credit card debt, car financing and payday loans. Although many in the mortgage industry will usually disagree, getting a mortgage is a terrible idea unless you pay a high percentage down (such as over 50%) and pay off the mortgage as quickly as possible - such as within fifteen years or less. If you own property (a free and clear property title) that brings in positive cash flow then it’s an asset.

Mutual Fund A management company (open-end management company) that creates and maintains a diversified portfolio of investments that is actively managed, and then continually issues new shares and redeems old shares representing ownership in the portfolio. Other funds are passively managed and are often referred to as index funds. An example is an S&P 500 index fund that has very low fees and buys all the stocks in the S&P 500 index and holds them. If I put $200 a month into that fund then I could see how well it does over time because the man or woman who manages the fund ("manage" meaning he or she makes sure the right stocks are bought to produce the highest profits possible for the fund) will often provide a quarterly report (through the company they work for) that details why they made some of the decisions they made that could affect profits as well as forecasts of things that may affect the fund in the future so that investors can have confidence that the fund manager is always trying to get the best ROI for their clients (investors).

Passive Investing Investing money into an index fund (a mutual fund that duplicates a market index to try and assure the investment results are no worse (but possibly also not much better) than the overall market. Passive investing may increase profit potential since index funds charge less than active investments (such as ordinary mutual funds).

Patent A great way to amass wealth if you've invented something that can easily be sold and used to help improve the lives of millions of people. A patent gives you an exclusive legal right for a set period of time to use a process or to sell or make a specific product. Patents in the U.S. are issued by the Patent and Trademarks Office. Utility and plant patents are good for twenty years and design patents last for fourteen years unless laws have changed those limits.

Pension Money paid to a person on a regular basis (monthly or annually) who is retired from service or from working for a company. Defined benefit pension funds are going the way of the dinosaur. Although that usually means it’s not good for average investors and employees, there may be circumstances where it may be a good thing since you might have more say in how the money in your 401(k) is diversified (for those wise enough to do their profit producing and money saving homework). Otherwise, a defined benefit plan may be better. Keep in mind that the 2006 Pension Protection Act can be a bit deceptive just judging by its name. One of the concepts behind it of automatic enrollment in your employers 401(k) can be a bad thing since it doesn’t encourage any real involvement in the decisions of your 401(k) regarding the allocation of your retirement capital (money). 
Remember, letting your employer invest your money in company stock, generally speaking, has historically proven to be a big, naughty no-no. Historically speaking, more employees have lost their retirement money that way than those who have made it big. And also be aware that if your company has target-date funds as the default investment (also via automatic enrollment and instead of their own company stock) this “one size fits all” way of investing is not the best idea. It can cost you more than you realize. Just make sure you take an active hands-on approach with your money by doing your homework (research) and being more involved in the allocation of your retirement money. (See also Defined Benefit Plan and Defined Contribution Plan)

Philanthropy (Tithe) Financial donations used to fund nonprofit programs (often created by privately held companies) that help humankind to have a greater chance for success for good in various ways (such as increasing chances for true financial self-reliance through financial literacy and other educational opportunities or aiding people in overcoming challenges of health, domestic violence problems etc) If you’re worried about getting scammed by an organization that claims to be a support worthy not-for-profit, consider going online to see which charities are honest and actually give as they claim by checking out Give.org or CharityNavigator.org. Another way to get a good idea of how honorable a charitable organization is (although it’s not totally foolproof) is to consider donating to the church you attend or to a charity that you’ve volunteered with or have personally benefited from. Many people strive to donate ten percent of their income to their favorite church every month.

Portfolio Owning a combination of more than one asset (commodity, stock, bond, cash equivalents or real estate investment) by an individual or institutional investor usually in an effort to reduce risk of loss through diversification.

Portfolio Manager A professional who is accountable for handling the portfolio of securities owned by an individual or institutional investor.

Poverty The state of being poor; it's a lack of money (or a lack of material things). When someone says, “They live below the poverty line,” the term “poverty line” is a way that the government measures a level of family (or personal) income. To say that someone lives below that line is to say that he or she is poor. One of the largest indicators that our nation needs a variety of good financial literacy programs is the fact that approximately 94% of people continue to retire in poverty in the U.S. Sadly, poverty occurs right here in the most powerful and one of the wealthiest nations on the earth – the U.S. But by learning what we need to about money and taking personal responsibility for our financial security and independence, poverty can be significantly reduced and eventually become a thing of the past. Financial security happens one person at a time, one family at a time, one day at a time, one choice at a time (such as frugality or increasing income). Financial security can happen for you if you choose it by taking the right actions with integrity a little at a time, day by day by day.

Precious Metals Examples of precious metals would be minerals such as gold, silver and copper.

Profit Another word for “gain.” Most people see it as the money made from an investment; a valuable return. It’s also considered to be the surplus of the selling price of goods over their cost or the money you make from selling something of value over the cost of the item sold. 

Prosperity Thriving financial success.

Re-tool – To learn what you need to about business, money and investments so that you can achieve true and lasting financial self-reliance when your current ‘tool’ of employment does not adequately provide for your needs (even when you’re frugal with your money). Most people who have gone to college chose a career without doing the math to see if the career choice they made would truly be able to sustain them in life through both good times and bad. For those who got their degree and then struggled to make ends meet – even while living frugally – it’s time to retool for more income. Aim to earn six figures or more (about half a million dollars) if you want to be self-reliant enough to support a family and be charitable to others. 
To earn that kind of money you have to pick the kinds of careers that pay enough – such as real estate investing, becoming a doctor (specialist), or a CEO of a large corporation etc. Do your best to find or create employment for yourself that best utilizes your talents (find that one thing that you’re really good at or passionate about) and will earn you enough to thrive financially. If you don’t think you have any talents – you’re wrong. God sends each of us to earth with at least one talent that if nurtured and developed (and ideally used to help make the world a better place) can be turned into a form of employment that can help you thrive and be a blessing to your family and others. 
For most adults today, retooling is a must do – not a should do – if they’re going to make it financially. Otherwise, kids, it’s time to plan on earning a significant amount of money consistently throughout your adult life so that you can not only provide well for your own family (marriage and kids) but provide money for your parents too. For many baby-boomers, their retirement will only be prosperous with the help of their own children (many of which, unfortunately, never learned what it takes to be truly financially self-reliant either – so they’re likely struggling too.)

Real Estate Investor A person who invests in either residential real estate (homes or apartments), commercial real estate (office buildings usually in commercially zoned locations) or raw land (undeveloped land where no homes or buildings have been built yet). Another aspect of Real Estate investing is the opportunity to invest in Notes and Tax Lien Certificates (paper). Real estate investing has often been one of the fastest ways to accumulate wealth.

Residual Income This is one of the best ways to ensure real, lasting financial success. The concept here is you do the work needed just one time and then get paid over and over and over again for a long time even though you only did the work once. The best example of this is how God does it. He creates one apple tree but the apples from the tree each have multiple seeds in them to provide the benefits of literally an entire orchard of fruit trees. Another example is when a movie producer sells a movie in theatres across the nation and then as DVDs. Other examples of this are when music artists, photographers, novelists, inventors and franchise creators make a product to sell for several years to come. One method of receiving residual income is through payments as royalties in perpetuity.
Many multimillionaires and billionaires have achieved their great financial success because they have multiple honorable sources of residual income. They maintain that success by adding new residual income sources regularly (such as several times each year).

Retirement A time in life when you stop working at your career and therefore no longer work to earn money. Retirement has often been seen as a stage in life you enter at or around the age of 65. Most people who successfully support themselves during retirement do so with money they have put into an investment when they were much younger (such as starting in their early twenties) to grow their money over the years (usually over several decades) to prepare them for being able to retire by having that investment begin (when he or she is 65) to provide the person retiring with money to pay for their needs and wants until they die. 
You may have heard your parents say, “Your grandfather is retired, so he doesn’t go to work anymore.” This is the time when many children realize that grandpa doesn’t work at the country club’s golf course. He actually just plays golf all day long. But for many baby boomers and the younger rising generation who have become multimillionaires, retirement is a period of time that is reached earlier in life and is planned to be a time for realizing lifelong dreams beyond golfing all day long. 
For those with a more noble perspective, one would never really “retire” from “working” since their “work” isn’t really work as much as it is fun because they do what they love (by best using their talent(s) and in the process are making the world a better place by serving others. Doing what you love and getting paid well for it while helping others is a concept that is far better than retirement and is becoming a more preferable option and happier reality for more and more people.

Retirement Funds (Also called “Retirement Savings” or “Retirement Portfolio”) An investment you put your money into over the years that hopefully earns a high enough rate of return to eventually pay for your  retirement.

Return On Investment (ROI) A percentage amount earned on an investment. R.O.I. is a good way to compare companies to see how well they are managed and how successful their products are.

Risk a vulnerability (or exposure) to potential injury or loss. In the world of finance it’s the possibility that an investment will lose money or value. Different investments have different levels of risk. (See also Calculated Risk and Risk Tolerance Test.)

Risk Tolerance As much risk as you may be comfortable experiencing from an investment. 

Risk Tolerance Test A test you can take where you answer a series of questions that will provide an investment risk tolerance profile of you based on your answers. The test basically shows how educated you are about financial planning and various investment strategy scenarios so that both you and your financial advisor know how much risk you can comfortably stand to achieve with your investment goals for your current stage of life. There are portfolios that claim to invest based on certain levels of risk such as an aggressive portfolio strategy, moderately aggressive, moderate, moderately conservative and conservative strategy. The more conservative you are, the less risk you can handle. The more aggressive you are in your investment style, the more risk you can handle. (See also Calculated Risk and Risk.)

Roll Over To move your money from one investment into another that is very similar in purpose and function. An example of a roll over is if someone were to say, “ when my aunt left her job, she made sure to have her 401(k) rolled over into an IRA within 30 days of leaving her job (which not only saved her retirement plan, but also saved her loads of money in taxes and penalty fees that would have occurred had she just cashed out her account).”

Roth IRA Also an account used for retirement but are different from traditional IRA’s and 401(k)’s in that contributions made to a Roth IRA are with after-tax income and are therefore not tax deferred. The good news here is that in a Roth IRA you don’t have to pay taxes on your investment gains. Just follow the rules created and your earnings in the Roth IRA are totally untaxed (tax-free). Since you’ve already paid taxes on your contributions, the rules are less strict for withdrawals. You can withdraw the full amount any time without paying penalty fees. (Historical note: This is very similar to how the 401(k) began several decades ago but then the government changed the rules for the worst simply because they could. Time will tell how long the Roth IRA will remain in this nearly ideal investing form.) Roth IRA’s are even better when you’re starting out young (with time on your side to grow your money) and are in a low tax bracket.

Saving To put aside money as a reserve often to be used at a later date for a specific purpose. You may be used to thinking of saving as something you do with an extra piece of pie to be enjoyed later, but the sooner you start thinking of saving in financial terms, the more pie you can enjoy later. Start getting into the habit now of saving enough money and you can enjoy more of any kind of pie you want. And for those who would like to save others from poverty or some other bondage (be it emotional or spiritual etc) the same principle applies. If you want to be a great philanthropist, begin a habit of saving and stick with it. Unless you do this, your philanthropic dreams will remain just that – dreams – and never become a reality. Always save money as a part of your wise investment strategy while diligently increasing your income with integrity (since saving and living frugally are not all we can do to be financially self-reliant). Remember that to save a modest amount does not mean to save an insufficient amount.

Self-employed Business Owner This is the man or woman who has the “do-it-yourself” mentality. Although many business owners and entrepreneurs begin their business this way, it can have its drawbacks since the only way for these people to make money is to show up for work. If he or she gets sick, who will do the work that needs to be done to make money? The Self-employed Business Owner cannot create nearly as much wealth as a Business Owner can. Some examples of self-employed business owners are: doctor’s (dentists, surgeons, pediatricians etc), artists, actors, athletes, teachers, delivery drivers, etc. (Compare to Business Owner.)

Self-funded Philanthropy – A great way to donate to causes you care about since the more successful your for-profit business endeavors are, the more empowered you are to start your own nonprofit charity to help others.

Self-reliance The ability to provide what you need for your life in the way of food, water, clothing, shelter, transportation etc. It is another way of describing financial independence. To be self-reliant means you don’t need your parents to give you money or provide food or anything else for you. It also means you don’t need bank debt or credit card debt or any form of government grants, welfare or loans. It’s the ultimate lifestyle choice for financial freedom and nearly all other freedoms.

Social Security If you’re an employee then you may have noticed on your paycheck stub that it’s an amount of money taken out of your paycheck (FICA taken from your earnings) to be paid into social security. Social Security is basically a program developed by the government once upon a time, long, long ago, that our grandparents could depend on to provide money for them in their retirement so they could have something else to rely on other than their pensions. This program is believed by many individuals to be no longer sufficient to rely on.

S&P 500 (Standard and Poor’s 500) Often used as a substitute for the market when judging the performance of mutual funds or investors, the S&P 500 is the most representative index of large cap, United States companies, including all the large publicly traded companies in the country. All professional investors compare themselves against the S&P 500 to see how well they are doing.

Stock A small piece of a company often sold as “shares.” You can become a partial owner of a business by purchasing shares of a company (as evidenced by stock certificates; essentially expensive pieces of paper). In order to have any decision making influence on a company you own shares of stock in, you usually must own at least five to ten percent in stocks first (often as common stock). This basically buys you a seat at the company’s annual meeting. You’ll probably have to provide your own doughnuts though if you were hoping for anything beyond the reports, budgets, investment plans and forecasts often discussed at these meetings. Ideally you’re hoping for the stock to rise and make you more money in honorable ways and where possible, also pay you a dividend. This should be your primary focus rather than looking for ownership opportunity to tell them you think the carpet on the 4th floor in the presentation room should be blue rather than beige.
Remember: The only amount of money you should have in stocks or bonds is only the amount you can afford to lose.

Tax a requirement for people to pay money (usually to a government entity) for public objectives.

Trading A means of buying and selling stocks for the primary purpose of quick gains. You’ve heard the phrase, “Buy low, sell high” but with trading it can also be, “Buy when you know the price is going up (buy somewhat high) and sell even higher.” This is a highly risky thing to do with your money. The purchase of the stock is often triggered by a specific event or "catalyst" that causes you to believe it will make you quick cash (by selling the stock when the price is still up). Once the event has passed, you don’t usually hold onto the stock anymore (so you “dump it” or sell it). Trades are opportunities that can make you money in a week or less (or in 24 hours or less hence the name "day trading"). Day trading involves much more risk than long-term investing. 
There is a lot more research required to make money on trades than on investments you intend to hold longer. The kind of research needed is somewhat different than other investing strategies since expectations to try and make money “overnight” through trading means that you need to study up on everything you can about the catalyst (anticipated event) that may offer immediate prospects more than studying the companies 23 year prospects. (Investing is different than trading. Investing means holding onto stock long-term (at least 12 to 18 months) and riding out the highs and lows of the price (value) fluctuations (changes). Riding out these roller coaster-like changes often means reaping the rewards of an average increase in values (in the right stocks) over time. Depending upon your investment goals or objectives, it may be okay to buy a good stock when the price is dropping when you’re investing since you can enjoy the benefits of owning more stock this way –– especially when it’s the right stock that is likely to eventually rise in price and thus potentially provide profits.) With trades, there’s never really a good reason to buy a stock that is dropping in price since you’re not planning on holding it long-term.
Remember: Day trading is especially risky. The only amount of money you should have in stocks or bonds is only the amount you can afford to lose.

Wealth To have a surplus or abundance of money or resources or possessions that have high financial value. 


Note: The author, company, and/or publisher are not recommending any of the real companies mentioned in the dictionary here as good or bad investments. The information in this book is provided with the understanding that the author, company, and/or publisher are not offering these materials as accounting, legal, investing, and/or tax advice as they may relate to this book. The information provided is intended for educational purposes only. Questions regarding the specific accounting, legal, investing, and/or tax needs of the reader should be addressed to their professional advisor. Please consult with your professional advisor.



Social Terms

Abuse To intentionally harm another either physically or emotionally (by verbal insults, threats or intimidation). Abuse is always wrong to do to someone –– especially when they are weaker or more vulnerable than you (such as a man hurting a woman).

Bullying To be cruel to someone perceived to be weaker or vulnerable in some way. This can include ignoring someone because she or he is not in your clique or “invitation only” group of friends. Ignoring someone you should be kind to, someone that intends you no harm, is an act of cruelty . It also means to harass (bother) someone with intimidation, socially and emotionally. It’s a form of abuse. To use threats or insults against someone who is weaker or vulnerable primarily to intimidate them is a kind of cruelty that could border on sociopathy (a mental illness that may manifest as a lack of sympathy or empathy for the pain, suffering or sensitive feelings of someone else). 
Also the act of physically harming or injuring someone is a way of bullying by violence. Bullying can also be when someone physically shoves someone or physically forces someone to do something or go someplace against her or his will. To make sexual comments to someone is to sexually harass them. Just as the prevention of bullying often requires multiple people to be unafraid to stand up and/or speak out against it often immediately as it is happening (in front of the bully and victim) sexual harassment can most effectively be reduced (especially at places of employment) when others who hear and/or see sexual harassment occurring actually speak up to the one initiating the harassment in front of others (as the harassment is occurring) and discourage it for the sake of higher and more noble ways of living that create a more harmonious environment for the benefit of everyone.

Compassion Having concern for the feelings of others who are or may be suffering and taking action to try and comfort them or otherwise reduce their pain.

Compliment A comment given sincerely and honestly that helps someone to feel better about themselves in some way (ideally to be given without manipulative expectation of some self-serving reward). Many of us don't think as much about complimenting one another since we're often barraged with the destructive examples of others (too often adults i.e. TV sitcoms, stand up comedy and talk shows) who make insults and bullying seem harmless because it's a 'form of entertainment' to cause the suffering of others or to pretend such abuse does not cause the recipients of the abuse (insults, bullying etc) any real suffering. 
The world of entertainment often includes the lie that there are no negative consequences for self-serving, extreme or otherwise harmful behavior. The less we tune in to such programming and the more we spend our time and money supporting more wholesome and certainly more fun and enjoyable entertainment, the more those who peddle trashy, insulting entertainment will see that people really do prefer cleaner entertainment and better role models for children than the barrage of garbage that washes over the youth of America on a daily basis. Pretending the youth who are awash in such destructive messages will walk away unstained and unaffected will never make it a reality as much as simply replacing such messages with better examples of people getting along because they prefer lifting one another to a variety of life successes rather than tearing one another down.

Cyberbullying The action of either insulting or harassing someone through digital means (texting, social networking, etc) or not speaking out against it as it occurs (or shortly after it occurs) and thus remaining silent which lets others have the opportunity to believe you think the bullying that occurred is okay to let happen. Cyberbullying can also include the choice to ignore someone n the internet because she or he isn’t “good enough” (popular enough, well-dressed or fashionable enough or attractive enough) to be replied to by email or on a social networking site.

Honesty as a form of abuse When someone uses honesty with the intent to hurt someone else, it's not a good way to use honesty. So if someone says, "You asked me if I liked your shirt and I'm telling you that it's ugly. Look, I'm just being honest with you," that's an abuse of someone else in the name of so-called honesty (a weak justification for callousness). If you really don't like someone's shirt, try and find something about it you truly do like (maybe the only thing you like about it is the color) and compliment what you like. And if there's nothing about the shirt you like, maybe find something about their shoes or their hair that you like and can honestly compliment them on. Our world already has too many callous people in it who seem to care little for the feelings of others. Come on. We can all do better. Let's find something today we can shift gears on and restrain ourselves from being too open about for the sake of caring more for someone else's feelings than we do for our own proud, self-serving desires to be blunt or 'right' about otherwise trivial matters.

Insult A verbal comment intended to humiliate someone or cause someone to feel less valuable and often results in some degree of emotional suffering by the recipient of the insult. Even if you are only kidding when you make an insulting comment to someone else, they may not know you're kidding and most often, if they are really hurt they will try and hide it from you since for many people it's easier to act as if they are not hurt than to admit it and leave themselves emotionally vulnerable to being mocked or hurt again by the person who just hurt them by insulting them even if the insult was 'only a joke' in the name of humor. Many times females are much more easily hurt by insults spoken as a simple joke than guys are but even some guys can be hurt by insulting jokes as well. Generally speaking, people tend to be more successful socially (they get along better with others and are liked by more people) when they say honest things that help others to feel good about themselves and hopeful about their future.

Integrity A character trait that is noble; it’s honest dealings with others. When you have integrity you are trustworthy. People that have integrity are responsible, mature people that often give their very best to do good in every situation they are in.

Refined Affectionate Friendship (RAF) A refined affectionate friendship is a step above ordinary friendships into a more blissful kind of association among friends. A refined affectionate friend is someone that enjoys taking friendship to an even higher level for the ultimate fulfillment for both friends involved. This kind of friendship is primarily shared between same gender friends, most often being what women enjoy with other women. But because it’s a friendship of a much higher nature than most currently enjoy, it takes a certain level of understanding and maturity to really flourish.
It’s about pure affection (nonsexual) in a variety of expressions from simple conversation as affection to ambiance as affection and so many other forms of pure, natural affection. It takes sufficient emotional maturity and emotional intelligence to see something that is pure as pure and not twist it into something it’s not. Wisdom is hard to find in the emotionally immature and the unhealthy relationships that result are the evidence of it. 
RAFs are all about enjoying healthy and therefore highly fulfilling relationships by getting back to the practice of natural affection. The acronym of R. A. F. can stand for either Refined Affectionate Friend (such as an RA-BFF) or it can stand for Refined affectionate Friendship (or R. A. Friendship) Check out the RAF wix site at Refinedaffection.wix.com/ra-friendships

Sensitivity This is much like compassion. When you are sensitive to the feelings of someone else then you show consideration for the emotions, self-esteem, likings or preferences of someone else. Sensitivity for another is a noble trait because it can be loving and selfless. 

Sexting Sending sexually explicit pictures, videos, texts or other digital form of communication to another for any reason  (regardless of whether or not it is intended to humiliate or otherwise harass). Sexting will always eventually bring you trouble and sorrow. It’s best to just keep your clothes on when someone asks you to send them a sext of you. The fact that someone might want you to disrobe and reveal your nakedness for their selfish satisfaction is a clear indicator that they don’t really care about you and they’re highly likely to be the first one to dump you cold when a problem with that behavior arises. Just don’t do it and don’t pressure anyone else into doing it either. 
Our bodies are a sacred gift from God that we really can enjoy sexually under the right circumstances (immorality – sexual relations before marriage and infidelity during marriage is never the right circumstance). You should also understand that sending a sexual picture (fully nude or partially nude image of someone's body who is under the age of eighteen) of a child is to engage in child pornography and is a felony offense that is punishable by law (which often means you go to jail for it and then you are labeled as a sex offender for the rest of your life. Most people are afraid of sex offenders and for very good reasons since most sex offenders are rapists and child molesters which are essentially those individuals who are so obsessed with sex that they break the law and commit horrible crimes against innocent victims. The difference between simple curiosity about someone’s naked body and total addiction to pornography and/or the commission of a crime against another can be just one curious look.) 

True Love When you have true love for someone then you have a strong desire to put the happiness, safety and well-being of the one you love above that of your own. In other words, you care more about the one you love being happy and safe than you care about satisfying your own wants. True love is selfless. True love means thinking about what you can do for the one you love that they prefer you do. An excellent speech on the real meaning of true love is called “How Do I Love Thee?” It was given by a man named Jeffrey R. Holland at Brigham Young University and can be found on the BYU Speeches website.

DISCLAIMER

All characters portrayed herein are intended to be fictional. It is not intended to portray or identify the stories of any specific people living or dead. If you are looking for a school named North Ivy Academy in Silver Streams, Kansas, it doesn't exist as far as I know because I made it up. None of the organizations, think tanks, associations, churches, nonprofits or corporations are real in this book since I made them up (with the only exceptions being MIT, Give.org, CharityNavigator.org, U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission and the American Red Cross and companies mentioned by examples in the dictionary). But much of the information contained in this book is true as it pertains to money and religion. 
As for those who are sincerely interested in learning vital truths about God the Father and His Son, Jesus Christ especially as it pertains to finding the truth so as to become better people and find peace with God as much truth as possible has been included. If there's one subject that is the most important to get accurate information on, it is the sacred subject of the literal living God and His literal living Son, our Savior, Jesus Christ. Therefore I have not felt at liberty to provide any other information about God, Christ and the Holy Spirit that is not what I know to be true and has been evidenced thereby through holy scripture. As far as truths about financial planning, again, I included as much truth as possible.

The information in this book is provided with the understanding that the author, company, and/or publisher are not offering these materials as accounting, legal, investing, and/or tax advice as they may relate to this book. The information provided is intended for educational purposes only. Questions regarding the specific accounting, legal, investing, and/or tax needs of the reader should be addressed to their professional advisor. Please consult with your professional advisor.



Appendix A: Divinely Inspired Prosperity


There is, in fact, a direct relationship between getting to know God (sometimes called a “Higher Power” or “The Great Spirit”) and achieving wealth. The more sincerely we strive to seek after Him, learn of His laws for happiness and do our best to obey those laws, the more we come to know God and become better people. The more we know of God’s truths the more we learn just how much He wants to bless us and for us to bless one another.
Life comes with challenges which is exactly why we need divine help in the form of blessings to help us successfully overcome the difficulties of life. Some of these difficulties will come from our own creation but still other challenges and trials are brought upon us by those who are either thoughtless or sadly cruel. But those who seek to know God will ultimately find that it is His greatest desire to bless us –– especially in our times of need.
Putting the Lord God first in our lives as a daily habit is vital for us to do in order to receive the greatest blessings as well as to achieve the greatest level of happiness we can achieve in life. Once we have made this a daily habit, then it is right to pursue temporal wealth if we do so with the desire to help our families and others for good. As we do these two steps in that specific sequence (by putting the things of heaven first) then may we discover that the Lord is helping us, has helped us and will continue to help us along the way.
Imagine for a moment that you became completely financially self-sufficient and achieved true wealth. Imagine the good that you could do with your wealth to help bless your own family as well as others. Picture in your mind how you would help another to achieve the same. Then picture the person you helped now helping others to also achieve true wealth and helping others and so on, and so on.
Sure it would be fun to buy your own car and go on vacations and have the latest home entertainment system and lots of other expensive items. But we're talking about making sure you have the most basic needs first so that when you can truly afford to buy the fun things you've always wanted, you can enjoy them with little or no financial regrets. We're also talking about how your own personal decisions to learn and apply what you need to be prosperous will affect your life and the lives of others.
I absolutely believe in helping others. I love the ideals of philanthropy. But as much as it would be nice if I could feed every person, volunteer my time for every service opportunity available or donate to every worthy cause, because I am just one person and because I personally do not own all of the money in the world, I simply can't do all of the good I would like to do to help others.
It is precisely because of my limitations, as well as my desires to help as much as I can, that I feel that if I can teach just one other person some things that he or she needs to know to become successful in life, then hopefully he or she will become successful, help others and teach others to do the same. If this uplifting pattern is repeated over and over again, then I'll be able to humbly be a part of helping more people and more worthy causes than I could ever do alone as just one person. And it is far better for an individual to be able to earn their own wealth through good means than to be completely financially dependent upon another person or organization anyway.
Anyone who tells you otherwise does not truly have your best interests at heart.
I believe that God has given each of us at least one talent (others may have two or more) that if we pray to discover it with the intent to nurture it, then our diligent development of such talent will in some way bless us and our families as well as others and make the world a better place in the process if we freely choose to do so (as it is contrary to the order of heaven for any of us as God's children to be forced to do what is right and not have a choice.).
History shows how the right understanding of money and the correct use of such knowledge for good can bless ones own life as well as others –– especially when one places the love of God first as a part of daily life.
Whether it was Abraham, Job, Jacob or Boaz of the Old Testament, or Joseph of Arimathea or Peter, James, John or Andrew or the wise men who brought the baby Jesus gifts of gold, frankincense and myrrh in the New Testament (all very wealthy and righteous men), they all had to learn the right things about money to be successful and have blessings for themselves and their families while fulfilling the ideal to be a blessing to others within their communities and even potentially across the globe.
Many times the best of the best have developed their own individual talent(s) and found joy in it as they became so good at what they did. And when ones talent and work blesses the lives of others, it's natural to enjoy such work even more and see heavens hand in it. It is often when we serve others selflessly through our talents – with no desire for praise or recognition – that we find the most fulfillment in life.
Although faith plays a prominent role in the success of any worthy endeavor (such as to discover and develop our talent(s) faith without the right works is fruitless or “dead” (James 2:17). Therefore the role of works as evidenced by the right action(s) is a key element in the proper exercise of faith in Christ. So faith alone is often not enough.
All who have achieved success of any kind had to take action. Education before implementation is a wise sequence for success, "For which of you, intending to build a tower [or prosperous business], sitteth not down first, and counteth the cost, whether he [or she] have sufficient to finish it?" (Luke 14:28.)
No matter what day and age we live in, we must pursue an understanding of money in the highest of terms by learning of those who earn it honestly and in ways that provide truly positive benefits for self and others so that we can know how we may do likewise and then teach others to do the same. In this way, not only do we take personal responsibility for our own financial self-reliance, but we become a blessing for others by encouraging those around us to do likewise.
We must also ensure that the use of any method for achieving success is appropriate to the time in which we live since some methods are outdated (such as the production, sale and use of horse drawn carriages as a means of common transportation for the masses in the U.S.), some are for our current time but may become outdated (such as the production, sale and use of gas powered vehicles) and other ways to acquire wealth are timeless (such as investing in real estate and the growth, sale and use of various types of foods).
The blessings of wealth can come in various forms. When it is in the form of an increased command of our time, this often means that we can spend it in loving and serving our families. Control over how we may spend our time –– especially with those we love –– is a form of wealth that often far outweighs the benefit of the actual money itself. The happiest of all families knows and applies this often.
When each of us begins to learn what we need to do and then we start taking the right actions consistently to achieve lasting prosperity, then and only then may we share a more realistic optimism to look forward to a brighter future of greater economic freedom for ourselves as individuals which will then strengthen our nation.
Taking responsibility to acquire an effective education in financial literacy and then committing to a wise personal stewardship over the money we earn through saving and investing and doing all we can to help others to do the same, is a simple yet powerful start that can provide a world of opportunity in this blessed nation – a nation upon which such hope was essentially founded under God.
There are promises made by God to each of us that are unique to the subject of prosperity. One of these promises is found in the book of Malachi in the Holy Bible: "Bring ye all the tithes into the storehouse, that there may be meat in mine house,  and prove me now herewith, saith the Lord of hosts, if I will not open you the windows of heaven, and pour you out a blessing, that there shall not be room enough to receive it." (Malachi 3:10 KJV Bible)
I encourage you to trust in the promise of the Lord as stated in that scripture. When you learn what you need to learn about money and then apply it correctly and consistently enough, then when you exercise faith in the Lord’s promise to allow Him to be proved by paying at least 10% (ten percent) of your income to a church of your choice, and do so with a prayer of gratitude for the money you’ve earned, then you will realize the promise of receiving so many blessings that you won't have "room enough to receive it."
As you choose to donate to your favorite church or charity of your choice, and as you do so with no expectation of praise or recognition (by donating anonymously) then be assured that God sees your good works and will someday reward you openly. Anonymous donations provide a better opportunity for recipients to give God the credit for the blessing of the donation (which is ultimately where all blessings come from to begin with). This form of donating to a good cause will bring far more peace and lasting fulfillment than to donate in a way that seeks recognition from others to gratify ones ego.
Donating anonymously is one of the noblest ways to give back and make the world a better place. Many people have already tried it and seen the blessings. So can you.
Because this book focuses on both money and religion, I want to be clear that the views in this book are not intended to be an official representation of any one specific religion. As the author of this book, it is my firm belief that the doctrine of Jesus Christ is and has been declared accurately only by the Lord's anointed prophets as well as by Christ Himself as the latter includes His earthly ministry over two thousand years ago.
I in no way consider myself to be a prophet of God. I simply seek to share and express my personal understanding of the blessings that come from such deeply held beliefs I have found and know regarding the love of God and His perfect balance of justice and mercy in His love as a parent for all of us as His children. I believe that our Heavenly Father’s love is perfectly expressed in the great atoning sacrifice of Jesus Christ as His divine Son in fulfillment of past prophecies towards eternal salvation and happiness as a part of God's plan for all who freely choose to believe and follow Him.
"...these things are written, that ye might believe that Jesus is the Christ, the Son of God; and that believing ye might have life through his name." (John 20:31) That is a glorious truth! Jesus Christ is the literal living Son of the literal living God.
Although there are parts of the book that explore how God may turn tragedy into hope or otherwise reduce various challenges in our lives towards our blessing via what many people believe is “divine intervention” or “Divine Providence”, Mortal Experience Clock’s (MEC’s) and “Life Clocks” are terminology that were created by me and such terminology is not found in any scripture that I am aware of.
The terminology was created simply to provide expression for the possible ways God can bless each of us individually in our times of need when we cannot help ourselves with our own abilities alone. Alex’s visualizations are simply some optimistic imaginings of God’s power.
Since we can’t always understand all of God’s exact intentions behind a blessing or challenge we experience in life, we should ultimately trust in Him that He knows what He is doing. What is most important is to see His works as a blessing by thanking Him in all things and learn what He wants us to learn individually for our increasing personal success in becoming better at doing good.
The discussions held in the meetings by Linda Wise that promote faith in Jesus Christ and encourage bad people to become good and good people to become better by learning of the principles of Christ’s gospel, are based on actual scripture as revelation through prophets of God.
If here are any mistakes in this book regarding lessons about God and/or Jesus Christ (or about any other important truths about life) they are human mistakes and not mistakes of God. Because I feel I have done my best with a sincere heart to bring more light upon teachings of God regarding Him and life's purpose for us as His children, I have sought to share those things that are most vital and correct as are in harmony with our Father in Heaven's prophet servants as found in the Lord's holy scriptures.
It is therefore my hope and prayer that you, the reader, will receive these things in that light and thus allow room in your heart for the power of God to provide the kind of peace that only God can give that will help you to recognize any and all truths that are of Him and contained herein and that you will express gratitude to the Lord for such blessings as needed for eternal salvation in Him.
Seek to do what is right in following Christ while making the world a better place for your family, yourself and for others in any way that you can and you will see that God will help you in your sincere efforts. Our loving Father in heaven is the perfect example of prosperity and I know that it is His hope that each of us become more like Him in the specific abilities of achieving both spiritual and temporal wealth so we may bless one another in more ways more often. Our own success in life for good necessitates that we believe and share such hope.
The ultimate miracle in life is the miracle of changing ones nature to become more like Christ. Because a mighty change of heart for the better is the most important miracle any of us can let our Heavenly Father work within us individually, may something good in this book help to bring you closer to the realization of that miracle for yourself and leave you a better person as one nearer to God and thus happier, comforted and more confident in your abilities to face life's challenges successfully and experience greater joy. Then may you encourage such a miracle in the lives of those you love.

You were born to succeed for good
because you are a child of a Heavenly King.

Thank you for reading this book and recommending it to others.

T. M. Meek



Appendix B: The Financial Math of Hope vs. Despair (As included in the original article entitled, “Why Are So Many So-called Expert Financial Advisors Broke?”


Why are the vast majority of so-called financial experts likely broke? The answer to this question may also be the solution for so many struggling Americans––especially for the rising generation of younger Americans?

Would it surprise you to know that the majority of Americans are actually broke? If you look at the incomes of Americans in relation to their individual emergency savings there is a direct correlation that shows just how much the majority of us are struggling financially. And what’s worse is just how close so many Americans are to imminent poverty and they don’t even know it. And this includes a large number of so-called financial experts as well as the majority of people that use these so-called financial experts for various types of financial planning.

This next sentence will sound so logical it’s laughable yet few people actually incorporate the logic into their financial lives: The only truly effective way to prevent imminent poverty for someone is for them to create lasting prosperity for themselves - usually by helping others. But if such financial success isn’t earned soon enough for yourself (if you haven’t achieved it already) then just one major disaster can cause you to become totally broke by shoving you or your family into imminent poverty and potentially permanent homelessness.

Every day in the United States people find themselves in the unexpected and certainly undesirable place of being homeless. But there is hope! There are also numerous new millionaires created also in the U.S. frequently enough to give real hope and ultimately prove that personal poverty is largely preventable for most people. That very fear, the fear that smart and successful people do have and should have about becoming homeless and living on the street, is a fear that can be ended with the solution every wealthy person practices: becoming independently able to handle every kind of emergency possible.

You’ve probably been told to prepare for emergencies, right? Although it can be hard to believe any major catastrophe will really hit, you’ll need to be ready with every wise emergency supply sooner than you may believe. Most people that do have a sufficient emergency reserve are glad to have it when disaster does strike. And when disaster strikes, the people that are the most afraid and the most vulnerable to suffering are those that didn’t get prepared before the crisis occurred.

Yet unlike in Noah’s day when there were no indicators of rain when he built the ark, we have indicators all around us of what’s coming: a repeat of a major financial collapse. It’s happened several times before throughout history so we can recognize the signs if we’re able and willing to understand them and face them. Unprecedented national debt combined with being off the gold standard will prove soon enough that a major economic storm is in the making for America.

And guess which people are the best prepared to not only survive such a storm but even thrive in many ways during it? Those that earn enough money to more quickly set aside sufficient emergency reserves to be prepared for basically all of the possible emergencies life can throw at them before most of them happen. And who’s the least likely to be prepared for emergencies? Those people that are broke because they don’t earn enough. So which is better? To earn enough to be prepared enough more quickly? Or to be broke and unprepared and living in fear when disaster actually hits? The answer is obvious: it’s better to earn enough and be more sufficiently prepared faster.

Those that earn enough have the ability to be truly self-reliant in every way needed for emergencies. Although the list below covers several topics, true “financial self-reliance” offers the overall ability to sufficiently fulfill every kind of emergency reserve needed. Here’s some vital self-reliance (or financial self-reliance) categories that people may consider having enough to see them through for at least one year (without needing or being able to buy) in wise emergency preparedness:

[Note: These could be spread out or included under the umbrella of other emergency savings subjects such as saving for living expenses during a job loss, major medical savings, property damage related savings and other subjects. This is not a complete list.]

Food self-reliant: They have enough non-perishable food (including baby food for their infants), vitamins and non-GMO fruit and vegetable seeds for gardening and/or farming set aside to last them at least a year to feed everyone in their family sufficiently well according to their individual health and dietary needs.

Water self-reliant: They have their own clean water supply and/or the ability to purify large amounts of water such as for a year’s supply of water for every individual in their family.

Clothing self-reliant: They have a year’s supply of clothing (shirts, pants, dresses, socks, shoes, boots, underwear, belts, coats, baby clothes etc) for winter, summer, spring and fall for everyone in their family and the especially prepared one’s have sewing machines (at least one back-up machine and spare parts for repairs in case the first one breaks) and several spools of fabric and thread and various knitting supplies for making clothing, blankets and bedding supplies.

Personal Safety self-reliant: They have the ability to defend themselves from unlawful intrusions and various crimes (such as guns and the ability to make their own ammunition and/or other weapons and technology to protect their family and home). They also have other safety needs ready such as emergency lighting (candles and/or oil lamps, flash lights etc), fire extinguishers, fire escape ladders, boards for windows in the event of a hurricane, a basement or tornado shelter etc.

Sanitation or Personal Hygiene self-reliant (see also Waste and Garbage self-reliant): They have the ability to clean themselves and their supplies, such as a place to shower and use hand soap and sanitizer, shampoo, laundry detergent, dish detergent, deodorant, towels, clean underwear, diapers and baby wipes etc for babies, sanitary pads, toilet paper, tampons and cleaning supplies to wash and sanitize or disinfect dishes, food preparation areas and living spaces along with a year’s supply of disposable plates, cups, bowls, napkins, forks, spoons, knives, paper towels etc.

Communication self-reliant: They have their own cell phones, corded phones, computer(s), fax machines, walkie-talkies, cb radio, emergency news radios with sufficient power sources and most needed spare parts for repairs along with basic pens and plenty of paper and envelopes to use if the internet is down or if no electricity is available and no emailing or texting etc is possible.

Electronically self-reliant: They have their own laptop(s), computers, phones, e-reading devices, media players, power cords, extension cords, chargers, lighting and lamps, microwave ovens, toaster ovens etc and the power generators to use them. Again, they’ll also have spare parts for repairs.

Medically self-reliant: They have a well supplied first-aid kit adapted to their own needs that also includes a year’s supply of any prescription and OTC medications they need.

Shelter self-reliant: They do not have any mortgage debt; they actually own their own home free and clear and are thus not at risk of being obligated to suddenly satisfy, by non-monetary means once the U.S. dollar becomes worthless, the force of government that likely backs the mortgage debt owed. Their own personal wealth also provides them the opportunity or freedom to have mobile shelter that gives them the freedom to pack up and move anywhere anytime and have the kind of good quality camping gear that would allow them the ability to live and survive fairly well in practically any season or climate.

Transportation self-reliant: They do not have any automotive debt; they actually own their own car(s), trucks (including any large trucks and/or eighteen wheelers, such as for moving and hauling), trailers, RV’s and /or ATVs free and clear and are thus not at risk of repossession. They can go anywhere, anytime.

Waste or Garbage self-reliant: They have their own trash cans and temporary toilets (such as a large painters bucket, trash bags and something like cat litter or a way of recycling human waste and other waste)

Energy self-reliant: They have a sufficient supply of generators, batteries, coal, oil, gas, chopped wood and/or any other needed fuels that will provide for the energy needs of their home, car(s), lawn mowers, flashlights, emergency radio(s) etc.

Real Money self-reliant: They have enough real money (physical gold or silver maybe as actual coins, bars and/or jewelry protected in a safe or other safe place they have fairly quick and easy personal, physical access to) to use to keep going when all paper currency becomes worthless - including the U.S. dollar when hyperinflation begins. And while the dollar still has some value, they can be economically independent enough to set aside a sufficient financial savings for a whole variety of other needs (major medical, legal, property damage, personal security to prevent becoming a victim of various crimes, cyber security to prevent becoming a victim of various digital crimes, job loss etc).

Skill-set self-reliant: They know what their talent(s) are that they can develop and use to earn money and provide sufficiently for their own family or for themselves if they are not married and have no family They are well educated (beginning with the ability to read and write), have a variety of learning materials, books and skills to work with and are able to work and provide a high quality service to be compensated for. This includes the vital skills of gardening and water irrigation (see food self reliance and water self reliance).

Organizational self-reliance: They have the supplies needed to maintain order in their home and place of work, such as boxes, boxing tape, plastic bins, folders, paper, shelves, furniture, moving dollies, dishes etc.

Recreationally self-reliant: They have a modest supply of a variety of wholesome recreational activities to choose from to rest from the stress of living through a major disaster, supplies such as board games, card games, some sports equipment (such as baseballs and bats or Frisbees or volley balls or soccer balls) life vests, swimsuits and inflatable tubes for swimming as well as emotional support through special blankets or stuffed animals or crayons and coloring books and other toys for the little ones, painting or crafts supplies for older artists (or software and computers for graphic artists), books and novels, music either through mp3s and media players and/or musical instruments (such as a violin, cello, xylophone, drums, harp, guitar piano etc). They may even have DVDs and the ability to watch DVD movies.

Charitably self-reliant: They are independently empowered with surplus emergency items to freely help– -without needing permission from someone in authority above them or reimbursement–such as helping a loved one with an expensive unplanned need and/or to help others, such as total strangers and not just friends or neighbors that are in need - if they choose to be kind enough and non-judgmental enough to do so. They use money from their own pocket to help and they do so of their own free will.

Yet all of these categories may be underestimated or unfulfilled by those that do not understand the potentially life-saving differences between lasting prosperity and imminent poverty.

To understand the differences between lasting prosperity and imminent poverty we have to ask again a question that is hard to ask.

Why are the vast majority of so-called financial experts likely broke?

Again, the answer to this question may also be the solution to ending the financial struggles for Americans –– especially for the rising generation of younger Americans.

The shocking reality behind the error of so many financial advisors is that far too many of these so-called experts don't truly understand or teach the math that makes the biggest difference between lasting prosperity and imminent poverty or "The Financial Math of Hope vs. Despair."

Understanding the Financial Math of Hope vs. Despair first requires a financial reality check in our own budgets.

Most of us have been taught that the truly successful always pay themselves first in order to have the success and prosperity that is the American Dream. Yet too many of us put the principle of saving for our present and future security last to linger largely unpracticed at the bottom of our budget. This is a mistake of catastrophic proportions. And if you don't believe it, just take a look around at the financial challenges of your neighbors if it's not already happening with yourself.

But what about the so-called financial experts? Are they struggling too in this economy? Chances are, most of them are not only struggling, but they're trying not to let anyone know so that their own embarrassing secrets of inadequate understanding and planning aren’t revealed to humiliate them in front of the world. But is their lack of understanding really their fault? Or is some larger, unseen trend of false financial doctrine making fools of us all?

Although we may not want to admit it, the traditions of our fathers in financial matters have steered us away from the tradition of our more successful forefathers in matters of financial wisdom and tradition and there is strong evidence that confirms that this is a primary reason for our latest financial decline.

So let’s look at what is most likely to prove to be a significant step to a correct understanding of some lifesaving financial math of hope by first understanding the despair.

In the following illustrations, we're going to pretend that we all do everything right in our financial life (or so we believe). We're even going to pretend that we're all financial pros and that we're earning about as much as some financial advisors earn. We're all going to pretend we earn $75,000 income. This should help us all to see the shocking problems that will then help us to realize the best solutions.

How much will $75,000 provide for only one adult who saves first and lives extremely frugally? Let's do a financial reality check and take a look at “The Financial Math of Hope vs. Despair”: (See next page.)

The Financial Math of Hope vs. Despair



Financial__Math_of_Hope_vs_Despair_1a_copyright_2010_TM_Meek.jpg (Images are available in full color in this article at AlexOpalstone.com)


Financial__Math_of_Hope_vs_Despair_1b_copyright_2010_TM_Meek.jpg (Images are available in full color in this article at AlexOpalstone.com)



Financial__Math_of_Hope_vs_Despair_2a_copyright_2010_TM_Meek.jpg (Images are available in full color in this article at AlexOpalstone.com)




Financial__Math_of_Hope_vs_Despair_2b_copyright_2010_TM_Meek.jpg (Images are available in full color in this article at AlexOpalstone.com)



Financial__Math_of_Hope_vs_Despair_3_copyright_2010_TM_Meek.jpg (Images are available in full color in this article at AlexOpalstone.com)

Financial__Math_of_Hope_vs_Despair_4_copyright_2010_TM_Meek.jpg (Images are available in full color in this article at AlexOpalstone.com)



Financial__Math_of_Hope_vs_Despair_5_copyright_2010_TM_Meek.jpg (Images are available in full color in this article at AlexOpalstone.com)
[ 2011 Note: Although FICA has recently been a tax that is not required to be paid, how long do you think that will really last before it comes back in one form or another if it does not remain permanently removed as a tax requirement? Government has a history of changing things as a way to increase revenues.

Look at what happened with the 401(k). It started out similar to the ROTH and then got changed for the worse. And with excessive government debt and government spending on the rise and social security funds declining, although social security still needs to be paid to support current retirees, the ultimate solution for true financial security in one's near future and retirement years –– especially for the rising younger generation –– is the proper application of the principles taught in the Financial Math of Hope vs. Despair. See also the article notes link at the end of this article.

January 2013 Update: The taxes are back and paychecks are smaller. If that was never what you wanted, voting more wisely in the future can change it.]

All 100% of the income has been used and absolutely none of it has been spent frivolously. The budget proves that the income deficit begins to be felt at the point of housing needs and continues through all remaining basic needs––even when you are saving wisely. There is no money left over at all for spending money on fun or debt or generous charitable giving and there is definitely no money available to appropriately provide for another person––no matter how much you may love him or her. This is no way to live. This is not living the American Dream.

So just how much does it take to really make it and prosper?

Is there any way at all to make $75,000 gross income per year work for just one adult? It might work if everything goes perfectly in life for you. If you never lose your job, if you never get into any debt, if you never have any unplanned major financial crisis needs (never get sick, never get pregnant under an insufficient plan for income, never have property damage or transportation problems etc.) it might work. Just never become a negative financial statistic. (But the odds are against you and most everyone else that way.)

By the way, did you notice the catch-22 about using 5% to retool? If you use the 5% well then you'll earn more money to distribute to other parts of your budget but your taxes may go up. On the flip side, it can take awhile to realize the increase in income needed to truly be financially self-reliant long-term. Unfortunately for most people, they just aren't saving as much as they need for emergencies or retirement and they're certainly not using enough money to even learn what they need to become truly financially self-reliant.

Most people don't even earn $75,000 and the few who do––including many so-called financial experts––are using the money they should be saving and instead putting it towards housing, furnishings, clothing, transportation and entertainment that is more expensive than they really need. But remember, even when $75,000 is earned and used extremely frugally it still won't be enough to cover basic needs after appropriately paying yourself first through wise saving and investing.

So what do you do? Here's where this information is especially helpful for the younger rising generation: DON'T CHOOSE A CAREER THAT WON'T PROVIDE A SUFFICIENT INCOME FOR YOUR NEEDS. As you'll soon see, if you're not choosing honorable employment that pays you a minimum of six figures per year, you won't earn enough to get ahead of the emergencies that so often cost us our current and future security.

Is current financial security and preparedness for emergencies a true need? YES!

Is saving wisely for retirement so you can have the money needed for increased medical needs and to fulfill any dreams to volunteer for charity as gifts of time or the desire to have enough money to be able to spend time with family in your last years of life––are these all true and worthy needs? YES!

For those who have already graduated from college, keep working at whatever honorable employment you have and use whatever money and resources you can to find a better career. If you have to go back to school to earn a degree that will earn you six figures (which is what the average adult needs to earn in order to truly prosper and give more generously to their favorite church or charity of their own choice) then do so.

Research and study the jobs that bring in a generous six figures of income that also make the world a better place. Choose work that can best utilize your own God-given talents so you actually enjoy the work that you'll do. Then give back by donating generously to charity and teach and help others to do the same.

Some people have a personal goal to give the first ten percent of their income to a church or charity of their choice. What will these people need to earn for real financial self-reliance to successfully do that? What is some good counsel to make that happen?

Luke 14:28 of the King James Version of the Holy Bible gives us guidance from the Lord Himself when He said: "For which of you, intending to build a tower [for example, of true financial self-reliance], sitteth not down first and counteth the cost, whether he [or she] have sufficient to finish it?" Just as we each need sufficient faith and good works to obtain personal salvation, we each need sufficient faith and good (including smart) individual efforts towards long-term, lasting financial salvation––ideally in a way that blesses not only our own lives but the lives of those around us. (The Financial Math of Hope vs. Despair is continued on the next page. See next image.)




Financial__Math_of_Hope_vs_Despair_6_copyright_2010_TM_Meek.jpg (Images are available in full color in this article at AlexOpalstone.com)

[Note: There are those that continue to aggressively legislate to do away with the tax deductible benefits of tithing. Such legislation efforts to end tax deductibility of charitable donations can thus potentially destroy churches and other non-profits financially when people don't donate as much or at all due to changes in deductions. If you are like most people then you won't want an end to charitable tax deductions and calling your congressman to let them know may, with any hope, keep charitable donations tax deductible.]

Why give away the first ten percent of your gross income to a church or charity of your choosing?

"Bring ye all the tithes into the storehouse, that there may be meat [welfare; to care for the poor] in mine house, and prove me now herewith, saith the Lord of Hosts, if I will not open you the windows of heaven, and pour you out a blessing, that there shall not be room enough to receive it." – Malachi 3:10 King James Version of the Holy Bible.

Give away the first ten percent as a means of putting God first out of sincere care for having the right relationship with God more than caring for material things (see first commandment of ten commandments) and test Him to see if He won't bless you in generous ways––so much so that you won't have room enough to hold all of the blessings. (Note: Give away from the gross amount of all of your earnings and get "gross" blessings. Give away from the net and get only "net" blessings. Gross giving is best.)

Can we each individually really afford to give away ten percent of our earnings? The fact is, we can't afford not to be charitable. But we do have to do some math to make sure we can also provide for ourselves and those we love in the process.  (See images on next page.)



Financial__Math_of_Hope_vs_Despair_7_copyright_2010_TM_Meek.jpg (Images are available in full color in this article at AlexOpalstone.com)


Financial__Math_of_Hope_vs_Despair_8_copyright_2010_TM_Meek.jpg (Images are available in full color in this article at AlexOpalstone.com)

Rising inflation is what makes the need for such a high income to sufficiently satisfy funding emergency needs and basic living expenses among other rising costs of life. Until we return to the common sense practice of the gold standard (or at least a bimetallic standard), out of control inflation will continue to threaten our financial security as Americans. The more quickly we return to the gold standard then the more quickly we'll be able to thrive on a lower income in a more realistic way than we currently can in these modern times. But until then, we can either educate ourselves and the rising generation about the financial facts of life or we can remain silent about the inflation produced reality that proves how average incomes in the U.S. produce little if any true financial security.

So which is better? To continue to let both adults and young people believe the myth that they can find work that pays less than six figures per year and still be financially self-reliant and generously charitable at the same time only to live just one missed paycheck, major property damage or medical problem away from poverty? Or is it better to encourage people to do the kind of math that, although painful to face at first, may lead more people towards the kind of financial self-reliance that allows for generous charitable giving from the achievement of real success?

The fewer people understand this math, the more the U.S. will see good people that are in dire financial need where most of their relatives are chained to the same impoverished circumstances because they choose careers that do not provide adequate income; they spend their labor for employment that cannot truly satisfy wise financial needs.

Our youth, as well as adults, need to plan on choosing a career that will utilize their talent(s) in a way that can properly satisfy the financial needs for life as an adult––especially for men who desire to marry with the intentions of having their wife remain at home to work full-time as a mother so he can adequately provide for all in his immediate family. This is the way to strengthen individuals and families long-term.

It's time to take a closer look at what it really means to be truly financially self-reliant. It's time for more people to find nobility and honor in wealth with integrity and wealth that makes the world a better place while teaching others to do the same for lasting independence. And for those who wonder if the pursuit of wealth can be noble, answer this: When one can acquire wealth to bless themselves and others in good ways, then how is choosing to remain poor honorable?

Times  may have changed regarding who we can rely on to provide for our retirement (not our employers as Defined Benefit Plans become increasingly extinct) but the often reliable means of our forefathers to light the entrepreneurial flame within will always be a tried and true means for prosperity and great philanthropic endeavors in a way that will more securely see each of us as individuals through difficult current and future financial challenges as are a natural part of life.

Personal financial security cannot truly be guaranteed when we allow ourselves to live the lie that entitlement whispers of expecting our personal financial security to be provided by someone else's work and choices. Personal financial security is something that is best pursued by honorable, individual merit as such is the only way to ensure it has the very best opportunity to grow and last.

This may not be pleasant or even perfect math but it's far better than what most people are believing and pursuing for their own financial aspirations. None of us want to be broke. None of us want to have large amounts of debt. All of us want to be happy and so many of us desire to be charitable when we can.

So what does it take for true financial self-reliance? Earn six figures minimum per year to support just one adult wisely through frugal yet philanthropic living.

But many of us have already graduated from college or chosen our careers without really understanding the Financial Math of Hope vs. Despair. For those of us who have long since (or recently) chosen employment that will not sufficiently cover our individual or family's financial needs, it's time to "retool".

To make the changes needed in our personal financial lives for prosperity to happen, we simply must retool by learning what we need to do to truly prosper and then go and do those things that will create wealth that lasts. If you currently have good employment (“good” meaning you aren’t doing work that you feel in your heart is wrong for you to do ethically or otherwise) then don’t quit your job. Keep whatever good work you have and then spend your time off the clock retooling.

So just how do you retool? You exercise faith as you study and do. Do two things: First, pray. Ask God (or Higher Power) for help and have faith that He will help you to acquire wealth to do good because of your faith in Jesus Christ and your good effort. Second, learn about business trends, investing and ways to earn six figures or more that will help you to also use your talent(s) so you can more easily tithe well and properly provide for your family. Then make a decision as to how you can best accomplish true financial self-reliance and then pray again about it––this time to see if your choice (after studying it out in your mind) feels right.

As you start on the career path you choose, pay attention to the thoughts and ideas you have and if the ideas encourage you to stay on the path you chose and if it feels in your heart like a good thing that's right for you to pursue, then keep at it and don't give up and you'll be more likely to succeed. But if you have thoughts that suggest another idea or a better idea and you feel in your heart you should try a different path, then get on the path that feels best to you and makes sense to you. Once you recognize you're on the path that's right, never give up.

Retooling is what will make the difference between barely surviving and benevolently thriving. This is not a should do, it's a must do.

Because retooling requires additional education, it must be the kind of education that helps you to understand the problems most people face financially so you can understand why the best solutions are, in fact, the best solutions. Whether it’s a first-time education for someone younger or a reeducation for a business manager with twenty years of experience, getting the best education is imperative. Finally, we are beginning to see a much needed paradigm shift in the field of education where more and more people are seeing the profession of teaching for exactly what it is––a profession––and more people agree it’s time to start paying those who teach a higher and truly “professional” income.

Teachers make all other professions possible and they often outwork others who work in higher paying, less value based professions. Just as elementary, middle and high school teachers are entrusted with our most prized gifts––our children––those adults who teach other adults how to run a business well,  balance  the books, improve marketing or negotiate for the best contract terms, wouldn’t be teaching at all if it didn’t start with that first spark of hope that is often fanned by the dreams of youth and by great teachers with vision. It’s our dreams for financial success that we need to keep alive and see through to success by proper retooling.

As you think about what the best retooling career options might be for you, keep in mind that jobs that can’t be shipped overseas are often the service based jobs––such as automotive maintenance and repair, custodial, nursing, restaurants etc. Although waiting tables or cleaning an office won’t earn you six figures per year, if you own any of them as a franchise then you have a far better chance to earn six figures or more. If you have good enough credit to get a loan to open a proven franchise, you’ll increase your chances for success if you already have a few years experience in the field you choose (such as managing a well-known successful restaurant for 2 to 3 years first or managing a large dry cleaning chain store).

When you’re considering buying a proven franchise to open, if you love details and following the exact patterns for success that someone else has long since established, then a proven franchise may be good for you to do. If you can’t stand being told what to do or if you love to experiment to see if you can improve on an existing idea then a proven franchise system may not be for you because many of them have strict rules and audits so that you don’t stray outside of their proven recipe for business success.

But since most people don’t have the larger start-up money to invest or if you can’t get a loan at a bank or credit union for several thousand dollars or more, you should consider networking. There are few other opportunities to achieve wealth like networking offers. Many of them involve very little up front capital investment (maybe three or four hundred dollars) and the good ones offer a proven system that works.

The concept of network marketing has evolved from selling plastic food containers to your friends to throwing jewelry parties, sharing life enhancing vitamin testimonials and even online coupon and advertising referrals as a means of opening up the door to long-term prosperity. One advantage to network marketing over being a brick-and-mortar business owner is that you can choose your own hours to work. In the brick-and-mortar realm of franchises you’ll often start out working long hours (50-60 hour work weeks) before you can turn the reins over to someone you’ve found is skilled and reliable enough to handle it successfully.

But once you’ve got enough income flowing and free time to pursue more investment opportunities, you can either open up another franchise location (ideally of the same proven big name company you have successful experience with) or sell it to someone else (such as your current manager that’s running it well without you) and move onto other profitable opportunities. But even if you make two hundred thousand dollars a year in network marketing, you’ll still need to put money into the stock market, real estate and/or other investments to build the kind of true self-reliance you’ll need to thrive.

It was a difficult thing for me to not put retooling first in the list of emergency budget priorities but I put it as a very close second to emergency savings since if you don’t have the belief that something can go seriously wrong in your financial life then you’re less likely to plan to live frugally and be prepared when things do go wrong. (Remember, it’s not a matter of if something will go wrong, it’s just a matter of when.) When have you ever known a large, successful corporation to achieve prosperity or maintain it long-term through out-of-control (or at the very least unchecked) spending? All highly successful companies and organizations that go through financial challenges of life and come out prospering in the end have all had the goal of maintaining adequate emergency cash reserves as their number one priority while avoiding debt like the plague.

Staying within a budget and reducing expenses while increasing income has been the key to corporate confidence and success. Frugality always has been and always will be the foundation for successful financial management. And for those who may be wondering why retooling comes before retirement savings, the common sense approach is that if you can’t survive the emergencies and income needs of today then there is little hope for any far away tomorrows, such as retirement, to save for. Provide a sufficiently prosperous income today and it will make saving for tomorrow so much easier. It also gives you the confidence needed to be more generously charitable.

The freedom to support your favorite charity through entrepreneurial wealth is a great choice. The freedom to choose employment that provides a sufficient amount for our self-reliance while improving upon our God-given talents is a freedom we can't put a price on. We can and should believe that each of us is smart enough to freely make such decisions for ourselves and happily enjoy the abundant fruits of such worthy efforts.

Once you know what it takes to begin to truly thrive (such as earning a half a million dollars per year) you can make much more educated choices towards your own successful financial future in your choice of career and significantly decrease the chances that you'll barely survive.

So who can benefit from this information? Since few people in the U.S. are truly financially self-reliant, the majority of Americans can benefit from this understanding––especially America's youth.

If the average individual knew this math, then why are there so many two-income households that are living paycheck to paycheck and retiring in poverty? Why have so many people chosen employment that does not pay enough for their actual needs? Why are so many people just one missed paycheck or one misfortune of property damage or just one other financial catastrophe away from homelessness?

With so many different kinds of financial problems that can occur in a person's life, why do so many gamble their lives on the idea that earning anything less than a generous six figure income will help see them (and any loved ones they planned to provide for) securely through unexpected financial emergencies?

Most of us should know by now that it's not a matter of if an unexpected financial emergency will occur, but it's a matter of when.

If our young people and adults learned what they need to learn to provide more for themselves by not only living frugally through a reduction of unnecessary expenses, but also by increasing their income adequately enough through wiser career choices, the U.S. would see:

- Fewer incidents of insufficient preparation by people in times of need and thus fewer demands on charitable programs and government programs by able-bodied individuals for generations to come.

- A significant decrease in an individual's (or family's) need to become entangled in stifling consumer debt.

- A greater increase in an individual's ability to freely donate to a favorite church or charity of their choice.

- A reduction in marital stress over financial matters and thus stronger families.

- An increase in U.S. made inspirations of invention, innovative technology and other entrepreneurial driven creations that strengthen our nation and improves and blesses the world.

You be the judge. Is this information that supports the drive to work smarter towards true self-reliance and freedom or not? If more people understood this simple math (it's easy enough for a sixth grader to learn) and applied it, how much more would individuals and families be blessed? What kind of tremendous advantage and head start would our youth have to strengthen their generation and the next for several generations to come? What kind of dramatic reduction in stifling dependence would come? What kind of reduction in debt might we see? What kind of increases in personal and individual freedom would come from the correct and benevolent application of this math? How much better would our world be if more people either chose jobs or created jobs that have the primary focus of making the world a better place by the best and highest use of our divinely supplied and inspired individual talents?

Ultimately, most of us know that dependence is not the answer. Where has dependence upon credit cards and other debt gotten us? Broke.

Independence through financial self-reliance is the obvious answer. Entrepreneurship is also the obvious answer. It's what has made this country so great that the only word to adequately describe it is "miraculous" in its proven history of entrepreneurial prosperity, hope and philanthropy. These miracles, including understanding the right math for success, are ongoing evidence in the Divine Providence that blesses this great nation. Let’s be grateful to God for His constant help. We truly still are in Good Hands.

Every year new multimillionaires emerge to set the example of what's possible when you use your talents to make the world a better place. If you would like to achieve the same, you simply must believe that you can and will do it too. This world needs you to be optimistic in hope and to prosper rather than dwindle in pessimistic despair.

Will living frugally by cutting back our expenses and living within our means help us? Yes. But it may not save us when we can and must be doing more by earning more with two specific goals in mind: 1) the great American tradition of freely choosing to achieve lasting, abundant financial self-reliance through individual employment efforts that best uses our individual talents while making the world a better place and 2) expressing our thanks to God (or Higher Power) for helping us succeed by freely choosing to give back through domestic philanthropic efforts (giving to a church or charity of our choice) that strengthen our nation so we may continue to bless the rest of the world.

Don't choose to barely survive. Retool and choose to thrive.

– T. M. Meek

The information in this book is provided with the understanding that the author, company, and/or publisher are not offering these materials as accounting, legal, investing, and/or tax advice as they may relate to this book. The information provided is intended for educational purposes only. Questions regarding the specific accounting, legal, investing, and/or tax needs of the reader should be addressed to their professional advisor. Please consult with your professional advisor.



Appendix C: Lewis Perry’s Presentation Transcript for “Sexual IQ vs. Sexual EQ”


In his film, Lewis began: "Anyone who has ever been over to my house has seen the pictures on our walls of my dad with a lot of different famous people." The next few shots were of Lewis' dad and various popular music artists and their autographed photos and other famous people. A hot music beat played in the background as the video rolled.
"My dad used to negotiate contracts for musicians and their record labels. He was the one a music artist would go to whenever they wanted to be signed by a record label to make a lot of money and become famous. But sometimes he and the artists he worked with would get ripped off. An executive producer would find some loop hole in the contract that would keep them from having to be honest or fair with what they paid the artist and what they required the artist to do for the money. So my dad taught me that it's a very common thing for artists and others to get ripped off in the music industry by various music executives through bad contract agreements. I bet you all are wondering what in the world the common dishonesty of various music executives have to do with my subject today of Sexual IQ vs. Sexual EQ, am I right?" Much of the audience nodded and chuckled in agreement. Alex was eager to learn where Lewis is going with all of this. Lewis continued.
“Well, as I answer that question, let’s clarify what I’m talking about even more. Let’s change the word sexual to misery or miserable as we use the analogy of something called One-Way contracts. But when we talk about Win-Win contracts, then we’ll think of the word beautiful. Okay?” Along the right side of the video, there remained a vertical sentence as a banner that read, Sexual is miserable when it’s One-Way selfishness. That sentence remained pinned as a banner that changed colors every few minutes inside the film as it played. Then along the bottom of the video, another sentence would appear as a white banner for a few seconds and disappear every five minutes. It read, Sexual is beautiful when it’s Win-Win selfless consideration.
"Well, music industry contracts are a lot like my subject today in that two or more people are entering an agreement by choosing to perform certain tasks and then they get paid a certain amount or a certain way for the tasks they perform. Some agreements are in writing and require signatures and others are simple verbal agreements that people enter into. So today we're going to discuss what's more important to have, a high Beautiful IQ or a high Beautiful EQ because they both deal with what we agree to in our relationships but one method is more important to master than the other. 
“So some of you may be wondering, well what is EQ vs. IQ? So let me ask you this. How many have heard of an 'IQ Test?' The test that measures a person's Intelligence Quotient or level of intelligence?" Lots of hands went up in the air. "How many of you have heard of EQ or Emotional Quotient? Also called Emotional Intelligence?" he asked. Only a few hands were raised. "Okay, so just a few of you have heard of EQ. That doesn't surprise me. Well, EQ is essentially a measure of a person's ability to be sensitive to another person's needs. It's like having compassion or even the ability to understand that a person will have certain emotional needs in advance or as a result of a certain event or experience.
“EQ is a measure of a person's tendency, or the lack thereof, to feel and express compassion for another whether it be compassion for a human or an animal. It's your ability to sympathize or empathize with someone else and treat them with respect and consideration. It's basically when you're nice to someone because the situation calls for it. Now before I go further, I'm not talking about being nice to some stranger who says you should get into their car when you feel it's wrong to do. Don't be nice then because being nice in times like that can get you killed. You should scream for help while you run away in a situation like that of stranger danger. But there are lots of times in school when we can be nice to one another and be thinking of what someone else needs that's right and how we can be kind.
“So how does this tie into the idea of contract agreements and what I've learned of some of my father's experiences? Well, since IQ is basically a measure of knowing facts with an emphasis on the mind and intellectual comprehension, EQ is more about matters of the heart as well as the mind. EQ is about thinking smart with the heart and our relationships. EQ is about how your choices may affect others for good or for bad. It's about choosing to be considerate of others and having a healthy respect for boundaries. Ultimately Beautiful EQ is about understanding true love as evidenced by personal beliefs, high moral values and heartfelt convictions and behaviors or actions, not just words. The highest form of EQ, whether sexual or not, is about matters of the heart and the bigger picture of one on one relations that affect entire cultures and societies. And it's common sense that what's best for people in all societies is to have both a high EQ as well as a healthy IQ. But if you had to follow only one or the other for relationships in general, having a high EQ is best because it shows you have the ability to treat others appropriately in a variety of circumstances and types of relationships, both sexual relationships and nonsexual relationships.
“What I've learned is that both Beautiful IQ and Beautiful EQ are similar to three different influences in life. The first way is with contract agreements. For those of you who may not know, a contract agreement is a piece of paper that has a bunch of rules typed up on it and then there's a place after all of the rules that has a blank line where you are supposed to sign and the person who offers you the contract is supposed to sign. All of the rules are called 'terms' or 'terms of the agreement' which means that each little paragraph of terms is what you and the other person are agreeing to. A contract is usually considered to be a legal document which means that if you or the other person who signs the contract agreement breaks one of the rules, then the person who wants justice can ask that a court of law get involved and try and make things fair. That's when you pay a lot of money to hire an attorney who is supposed to help you get fair treatment after you think someone has cheated you out of something or broke an agreement they signed that they would agree to.
“Now generally speaking, in the music industry, as well as in most all other professions, there are basically two kinds of contracts. The first kind is what's known on the street as a 'One Way' contract and the other kind is generally understood as a more fair and flexible 'Win-Win' contract. Now it's important to understand the difference between the two kinds of contracts because if you sign one, you can become a victim and get ripped off, but the other kind will take what you want into consideration and be more fair and even compassionate. So which one is the good kind of contract and which one is the bad kind? The good kind is the more fair and flexible 'Win-Win' agreement. The bad contract is the 'One Way' agreement.
“Professionals in the music industry, fashion industry, television and movie industry, in magazines etcetera -  they all too often offer the greedy 'One way' contracts to rip off people who want to become famous in music or TV or fashion etc. They often use selfish terms in the contracts they offer new people since new people, especially young people, are naive to what is fair in a contract so the often greedy and selfish and rich professionals in these industries will push you or politely yet deceptively persuade you to sign and legally agree to their selfish, and at times, even harmful, agreements before they'll pay you a dime for the work they make you do. 
“One way contracts are like playing a video game where the computer always wins and you always lose. Who would want to play a game like that? Not me!
“These two kinds of contracts, the Win-Win versus the 'One Way', are a lot like deceptive tricks and miserable peer pressure we experience from our peers and various media influences around us. Hopefully by the end of this video, you'll be able to see what kind of metaphorical contract agreement you are being offered by other classmates you know from school as well as metaphorical media contracts as offered by TV ads, radio ads, magazine and internet ads etcetera
“One way contracts are dangerous in that they are usually deceptive and the person or company who offers you such a deal usually has the agreement filled with terms that satisfy the person who offers the contract more than the person who agrees to accept the terms by signing it. 
“But the better contracts, the Win-Win types, are much more flexible and mutually beneficial. Win-win contract agreements often include options in the form of good choices you can select from in the event you feel like something is wrong with the agreement. Win-win agreements are good in that they often provide 'escape clauses' which free you from having to do things that might be non-beneficial to you or otherwise harmful to you.
“Because Win-Win agreements may be more easily recognizable by studying what is opposite in character to it, I will now focus more on recognizing the characteristics of the metaphorical One Way contract agreements.
“Here's a very important thing to note: The metaphorical One-Way contract is not clearly marked as such. It is not clearly marked as selfish in that it serves the person offering the contract more than it serves the person who is being offered the contract. So we'll call the person who is offering the self-serving contract: 'The Payee' because they are receiving a form of payment or benefit. They are getting you to pay for something so they can gain from an agreed upon relationship with the person (you) who is agreeing to accept the offer of the contract. To further clarify the relationship that exists with One-way contracts, we'll call the person who is considering accepting the contract agreement: 'The Payor' because he or she will be paying something to the person who will be receiving payment. Got it? So the Payee is the one who stands to benefit from the agreement the most and the Payee is the one who will lose the most once he or she agrees to the contract by signing it.
“Remember, the One-Way contract is not clearly labeled 'One-Way' nor is it clearly labeled for the selfish and greedy arrangement that it truly is. The One-Way contract usually masquerades under some other legitimate sounding, respectful legal title according to the purpose it serves.
“So you might be wondering to yourself, 'Well, if it's not easy to know by its title if a contract is a selfish one that will make me do things I don't want to do or otherwise rip me off, then how can I recognize it for the dangerous and unfair agreement that it really is?'
“The answer to that question is that you have to read every word in the contract to understand what you're agreeing to because once you sign it, you can go to prison or lose all of your money or both if you break one of the rules in the contract. So for example, if you sign a fashion or magazine contract but you don't read everything that the contract makes you agree to, they can force you to become a person abused in the pornography industry by forcing you to do nude photo shoots or they can use pictures of your face and put it on someone else's naked body and post it on the internet or in magazines etc. If you don't read what you sign or if you make the mistake of trusting them to interpret it for you instead of an attorney you hire who has no relationship, no friendship, no association with the person who is offering you the contract, then you might accidentally agree to do things that you are not comfortable with sexually and if you don't do it they can sue you in a court of law. But most people that are evil and corrupt enough to trick you into agreements that turn you into a miserable object to be used and abused by the porn industry will also threaten you and your loved ones with physical harm too. Be careful with who wants to hire you and have you sign an agreement because you can agree to do things that you would never normally do and then find you're ripped off in the process.
“Smart people ask questions of other smart people when they need to understand something better. So when you have someone pushing you to sign a contract, telling you that you're going to be a rich and famous super model or a rich and famous music artist or big and famous TV or movie star but only if you sign their contract today, right now – you will likely find that you are being lied to and ripped off if you sign and thereby agree to something that could harm you and even your family and friends.
“So how do you know who to ask the right questions to? How do you know if someone is smart about contracts and will actually give you advice that seeks your safety, happiness and best interest as well? First don't trust the person who wants you to sign the contract to give you good advice. You need to find someone else to trust who is smart about contract laws and the specific tendencies for abuse in the industry you are considering (such as the music industry or the fashion industry or TV or movie industry). That means you need to ask an attorney who you trust (not that the contract offerer or 'the Payee' recommends) that will help make the right choice for you regarding what may be okay for you to sign and agree to in the contract and what may not be okay to sign and agree to.
“So how do you make sure that any contract you sign and agree to follow is a safe one to sign? How do you make sure that you only sign a contract that is good for you as well as being good for the person who asks you to sign it? “First, you take the contract home and read every word in it. Are there words you don't understand? Mark them with a highlighter. Pick up a dictionary to help you understand what the words mean. If you have to refer to a law dictionary also, do it. Hire an attorney to help you understand just exactly what the contract is asking you to agree to do in every sentence and paragraph before you sign a thing.
“Second, remember to make sure that the person or attorney you use to help you understand the contract terms or rules is a person who cannot directly benefit such as benefiting by the company or person that wants you to sign the contract. Otherwise, the person or attorney has a 'conflict of interest' and will not give you unbiased advice that helps you in the very best ways you need.
“Third, if you don't like what the contract says you have to do, or if you don't like what it says about what someone else can do to you or with your money, you can ask them - before you sign it -  to change the contract to agree to those things you think are best for you and not harmful to you.
“Fourth, You repeat step three until both you and the person who is asking you to sign the contract feel that it is fair for both you and them. Your goal with step three is to ensure that the terms or rules are as equally beneficial to both of you as much as possible. Then after those changes are made and after you have read them to make sure it is written in a way that you accurately interpret or understand, then you may feel better about signing it and agreeing to the rules or terms of the contract agreement. Asking the person who offers the contract to make changes you prefer to it is also called 'negotiating.'
“The fifth and final step is vital: DO NOT SIGN ANY CONTRACT with any person or company until you have done all of steps one through four.
“Unfortunately, too many people in the music industry, fashion industry, TV, radio and movie industry treat people as if they are disposable worthless trash after they boost your ego by telling you how attractive or mature or smart or talented you are. Too often they, first, praise you, then trick you and bind you in a One-Way contract and then trash you so they can move onto to do it all over again with the next naive gullible person who will fall for it for their ultimate selfish profit.
“Here is their trickery and greed cycle: First, they have you sign a One-Way contract. They hide their deception and greed with a smile and gifts of so-called generosity (with tons of manipulative hidden strings attached) and then they persuade you or push you to sign a contract that is mostly in their favor and hurts you a lot for years and years. They make a lot of money off of your pain and while they make money, they force you to smile and hide your pain. 
“Second, when they cannot make money off of you anymore, you are metaphorically speaking, cast off to the side of the road and left to die while you are usually alone, in pain and often with no food, no money and few if any real friends.
“Third, they do this to people just like you all over the world every day and they don't care how much pain it causes you. They don't care about you. They care about their money. They don't even care if you go to jail for doing what they want you to do. If they get their money and they don't get caught, they don't mind at all that you are the one who is punished for it. They far prefer that you pay all of the negative consequences of their selfish actions anyway. That's a fact with those who offer One-Way contracts.
“Ladies here is an important message for you: if any guy or any girl or any of your friends or anyone you know tries to get you to do something that you don't want to do it's like they are pressuring you or smiling and tricking you into signing a contract that has no guarantees for you and no benefits for you. It's like they're getting you to agree to being ripped off but they are tricking you into believing you are getting something beneficial. So-called ‘friends’, who try to talk you into doing something miserable to go farther than you really want to go, are not your friends. It's not cool to trick someone or push someone to do something they really don't want to do. It's not cool to insult someone who is trying to do what he or she feels is the right thing to do.
“Real friends let friends have a Win-Win agreement. Real friends are flexible and let you have options and encourage good choices. Real friends encourage you to turn down offers by others to do things that may harm you. Real friends help you to understand exactly what you may be agreeing to in the metaphorical fine print wording of a One-Way contract.
“If someone encourages you or pushes you to commit sodomy, which is to also say to give oral sex, what they are really offering you is a chance - a really strong chance, that you'll get gonorrhea of the mouth and throat. So they enjoy the pleasure and you get to experience the pain sooner or later and possibly in a way that never stays away. People could even make fun of you when you cough or have a sore throat because you have earned an immoral, ugly reputation for being one that will let someone else abuse them through sodomizing them. That's like a One-Way agreement where one person's pleasure or profit comes from your pain. They're offering to rip you off and leave you to suffer.
“If someone is encouraging such an activity or peer pressuring you into it this person or these people are not your friends. They are only interested in their own selfish satisfaction. Your suffering later as you get a painful and embarrassing Sexually Transmitted Infection (S. T. I.), doesn't matter to them. They just want to satisfy themselves and their ego. Who cares about you? Not them!
“Whoever it was that made it popular to hurt other people as a means of satisfying a greedy, selfish miserable desire is one really mean and heartless person. If there are a group of these kinds of kids at your school, stop seeing them as friends. Avoid them. Recognize them for the heartless, arrogant and selfish people they really are and walk away. 
“Can you do that? Yes, you can! Why? Because you have options. You have choices and if you are one of those kids who deep down inside your heat you don't want to give someone oral sex, if you're not comfortable with that because you truly feel in your heart that it's wrong for you to do, then you are not alone! There are other kids in your classes who secretly agree with you and they don't really want to do those miserable things either.
“All it takes is for one of you, just one of you, to have the courage and the strength to say to one of your friends that you don't want to do those things and you've decided now to just say no and to avoid other kids that think that it's 'cool' to encourage others to do things against their own conscience. Say you’ve decided to avoid other kids and adults that think it’s ‘cool’ to do things that they feel in their heart are wrong for them personally such as to give oral sex or let someone see you naked. Just stop hanging out with those kinds of kids and start talking about what's right for you and how it's okay and even right for you to say no to becoming miserably active with someone else when you don’t want to. Start talking about how you are choosing not to say yes to sex not even once yet and when you do this, slowly but surely you're going to find good friends who agree with you and who encourage you to say no and stay safe and comfortable and happy.
“Remember, just three really good friends who help you make good choices are better than a thousand popular fake friends who manipulate you and take advantage of you and hurt you and leave you embarrassed and in pain all for their own selfish satisfaction. How would they embarrass you? Telling all of their friends about what they got you to do selfishly and if they can, they'll plaster it all over the internet with pictures that make you look like a stupid fool. That's what selfish people do. They offer you One-Way ‘deals’ and fake friendships. Good friends offer you good choices and let you know that it's okay to say no to anything you are not comfortable doing.
“Most of us are too young to realize that the popularity of miserable promiscuity now is like the popularity that tobacco was years ago. Smoking was known to be hazardous to ones health back when tobacco first became popular, but the health hazards were rarely talked about so that people could think they were acting cool by destroying their own health. Who benefited the most from it all? The tobacco companies. Who suffered the greatest losses? The people who thought they would be cool for getting themselves sick with disease and addiction: the smokers. 
“Anytime you buy into an idea that hurting yourself will make people like you more, you buy into a stupid idea that will only cause you to suffer. Any so-called friends who talk you into doing something that you know or feel is wrong, they are not your friends since such friendships are very short lived. They might be your friends for the moment, but will they stay by your side when disease strikes you from participating in an activity you probably didn't even want to do to begin with? Most friends who get you to hurt yourself are not usually going to be around when you need them most. This has been proven over and over again by so many people. The tobacco industry, just like friends who want you to do some miserable act with them, often ignore the potentially fatal consequences that can come to the person being abused by the activity. So long as the abuser is satisfied, either financially or sexually, they don't care about the consequences that occur to the person being abused. The tobacco industry has often brushed over the fatal consequences of the unique form of abuse to the body that tobacco use brings. This is similar with STI's.
“Is this what you want to happen to you?” He then had videos of anonymous patients that had various warts, sores, rashes and other ailments that made their bodies sick and socially ugly without showing any private parts of their bodies. The music was no longer cool. It was ominous. “This is what you will get if you are miserable with just one person that can get you sick like this because he or she had sex with someone else that could get them sick. But they might want to be miserable with you with the lights off so you don’t see their sores or rashes. Or they’ll say they’re too busy to be miserable with you, not because they are busy, but because they have one of these kinds of sores or warts and they’re waiting for it to go away after they try taking some medicine. Once they think they can trick you that you won’t catch anything from them, they’ll be back to pushing you for sex again.”
“TV, magazines, miserably explicit music and videos - all forms of media are like tobacco products in that they also focus more on the lie that it's cool to be miserably promiscuous while rarely discussing the heartbreaking facts of the negative consequences, the pain and suffering people experience by trying to follow the bad examples shown on TV with famous actors, and in the music industry with various singers and in magazines and movies. Far too many of these irresponsible media examples publish base and immoral photographs, fashion styles, music and movies without any real regard for the destructive social consequences that ensue so that they can make a ton of money. 
“If more TV shows, movies, songs and magazines openly showed the people they paid money to for playing a miserably promiscuous character or singing a song that promotes miserable immorality with a variety of people before a marriage of full fidelity, if they showed just how many different S. T. I.s these same people have, how embarrassed they are and the lies they tell to try and hide it and how it destroys their ability to enjoy sex and also show years later these same people they paid to act like living a miserable immoral life is the happy and safe way to go were all lies, if they openly showed these same people years later dying at home or in a hospital from a miserably transmitted infection or virus, maybe more people would learn from the suffering of others and thus prevent not only their own misery and early, painful and likely embarrassing death, but the suffering and death of so many others.
“So realize you have a clear choice. You can either choose to get people to like you by doing something miserable that you think will bring you happiness, only to find that you get an STI and get sick and of course, dumped by the person who probably gave you the STI to begin with. But it doesn't stop there. Someone else will come along and lie to you that you can be happy taking a chance being miserable with them and then when you do it and it doesn't work out, you break up again after breaking out in some warts or rash all over your privates that keeps people from wanting to date you and the cycle continues.
The music then changed back to more upbeat, popular tunes. “OR you can believe one very simple and important truth: NOT EVERYONE IS DOING IT. I want to repeat that again because it's true and it can not only save your life, but save you from a lot of unnecessary heartache so I'll say it again: NOT EVERYONE IS DOING IT. There are some people who have both a high Beautiful IQ and more importantly a high Beautiful EQ and these people are the ones who really do wait to have sex until after they are married. And studies have shown over and over that they are happier than those who get miserably involved before marriage. People who choose of their own free will to wait to have sex do NOT feel unfairly restricted. When they say no to sex before marriage, they are also saying no to tremendous heartache. They are saying no, I will not be another statistic to teen pregnancy where over 80% of them wind up becoming a single parent who lives the rest of their life in poverty and in high crime areas because they guy who said he'd marry her backs out just like so many of them do sooner or later.
“When a person says no to sex before marriage including saying no to oral sex they are saying I will not get gonorrhea of the mouth and throat or HIV AIDS or HEP B or any other of a number of STI's some of which can give me cancer and kill me. They understand that when they say no NOW and mean it and stick to it no matter what – then it becomes impossible for them to get an STI and it becomes impossible for them to have to experience the deeper heartache that comes from getting miserably involved so soon in life. They are saying no to being labeled as a whore. They are saying no to being treated like a whore. 
“They are saying no to the mass variety of forms bondage that comes from the limits STI's force on you, the labels STI's force on you and the heavy sudden financial responsibilities that stay with you for life from medical bills that STI's force on you not to mention the great financial demands of parenthood and childcare needs that become yours and only yours for the rest of your life when you experience an unplanned pregnancy and wind up becoming a single parent when the father of your child gives up and leaves soon after the baby arrives because of the social, financial and emotional limits and demands childrearing brings upon you when you choose to keep and raise a child. It costs about twenty thousand dollars a year to raise a child for eighteen years that's three hundred and sixty thousand dollars well over a quarter of a million dollars just to raise one child to adulthood. That's why most single parents wind up either homeless or living in poverty like in a mobile home park where the average mobile home has about 500,000 roaches and other bugs crawling all over inside the house. Is that a cool way to live? And all because one person wanted you to get miserably involved with them so you could feel more liked and accepted. 
“Just how liked and accepted will you feel when only after a few weeks or months you get dumped so they can go be miserable with someone else and repeat the cycle of STI's and heartache all over again. The difference between one STI or one unplanned pregnancy is just one miserable experience. That's it. You can get a fatal STI from your first miserable encounter. Yes. It's possible because it's happened with young people before. It can happen to you. But if you say no, it won't happen to you. Some people see sex like a game. But the fact is, you can’t lose, if you don’t play.
“Ads that show or otherwise encourage risky miserable behavior are a lot like second hand smoke of tobacco is. These ads, like second hand smoke, are forced upon us by someone else's decision to put us in close proximity to it via miserably based advertisements including songs and videos that encourage miserable promiscuity. “An individual's choice to act out what they see or hear in miserably promiscuous TV, music and movies can be fatal. It's not just HIV AIDS or Hepatitis B that are fatal. Being murdered by your boyfriend or girlfriend or a stranger you decided to get drunk with or have sex with is something that happens every day right here in America and everywhere else in the world. And just like the pushers of tobacco, those who want you to do something miserable with them too often don't care about what might happen to you but if they think they can't get any sex from you until they lie to you by telling you they love you, they'll do it if that's what it takes to get you to give in. They'll lie to you just so they can get the sex because they are in it for their own selfish desires. 
“Here's a vital fact: Anyone who truly loves you will be able to wait to have sex. They'll wait for years and years if needed when they truly love you. Just look at the example of Jacob in the bible. He waited seven years to marry the woman he was in love with. That's true love. When sex is not a person's top priority, when they love being with you without having to be miserable and alone all of the time, that's real love and only real love is the kind that lasts. Even the best of marriages fail when sex is made to be the priority rather than love and growth in the relationship towards the creation of happy and enduring family bonds.
“Just as misery loves company, many of these TV and music and movie advertisers who use miserable images to sell a product or service are often addicted themselves and in pain and they'd rather knowingly hurt someone else than to be alone or give up their addiction. “But eventually the vast majority of people who play the popularity game by promoting miserable promiscuity and those who buy their products and services are, symbolically speaking, thrown away, cast off to the side of the road to die when such people are no longer profitable. The promoters of such immoral products and services will treat you like worthless trash, like someone who is disposable because the behavior of miserable promiscuity is trashy behavior and so many people are willing to be trashy so they can be 'popular' but what they find are fake friends and lots of them.
“None of them really stand out as someone 'special' because they're just like everyone else who they've trapped. They're miserably active and not married. 
“To be one who stands out, to be someone truly special, is to be someone who is so priceless, someone who is worth so much that these big, rich companies cannot afford you specifically because you say 'no' to their greed, their lies, their One-Way contract offers to get you addicted. To know you are truly special and priceless is to be someone who has higher values that keep safe both physically and emotionally which proves you have both a high Beautiful IQ and a high Beautiful EQ because you are especially careful with who you share your body with and who you show the most private parts of your body to and why you do so or not. To know you're priceless comes from how you treat yourself by having higher values that keep you physically safe from STI's as well as physical abuse and even murder as you wisely avoid the dangers of dating the wrong kinds of people such as those who push to control you early on in the relationship and push or talk about mutual exclusive commitment too soon in the dating experience. 
“To know you're priceless comes from how you treat yourself by having higher values that keep you emotionally safe as well so you'll be happier sooner and longer and enjoy good friends who provide a pressure-free social environment of true freedom with lots of good choices and support to escape dangerous people who hide behind the smiles and hollow laughter of the real sadness and misery of so-called popular trends. 
“Having a high Beautiful EQ and IQ is to be a friend that offers Win-Win contracts and to surround yourself with the same kind of Win-Win friends too. Good friends let you know it's okay to say no to oral sex and anal sex and full miserable intercourse and that it's okay to have other choices like to just kiss or snuggle or hold hands.
“The most popular lie you can ever be dumb enough to believe is that 'everyone else is doing it too.' THAT IS A LIE. I'd like to repeat that because it can save your life. The most popular lie you can ever believe is that 'everyone else is doing it too'. Again, that is a lie.
“Those people who believe that are those with a low Beautiful IQ and an even lower Beautiful EQ.
“Here are a few facts that those with both a high Beautiful EQ and a high Beautful IQ know are true:

1) Some people in these modern times have successfully chosen to wait to practice any beautiful activities until after they are married. Although it might not be popular to wait until you are married to enjoy beautiful activity there are many teens as well as adults who wait. They successfully and more happily practice total abstinence before marriage and complete and total faithfulness after marriage. Yes, it's true, many people have successfully waited until after becoming married to give beautiful expression to their feelings and emotions and they have done so with full fidelity throughout their marriage. Unplanned pregnancies don't occur in your teen years when you wait to have beautiful intercourse after you're married as an adult.

2) Yes, it's possible to enjoy dating that sticks to just kissing, holding hands or cuddling. Practicing such limits willingly and cheerfully shows your boyfriend or girlfriend true respect. It shows you have both a high Beautiful EQ and IQ because you care about the negative consequences that will come and hurt both of you if you don't set the right limits of mutual self restraint before you go out on a date. This is proven not by what you say you'll do, but by what you actually do or don't do. Our actions are often more believable than are our words.

And finally, 3) To have a high Beautiful EQ and IQ, you must realize that giving into or applying miserable peer pressure is a lot like joining a gang or being a miserable bully. Joining a gang only ends up in one of two ways: You'll either wind up in prison or you'll get killed (sometimes both).
“How often do those that join a gang either wind up in prison or get killed? One hundred percent of the time. “These are statistically proven facts. “How is joining a gang like having a miserably promiscuous life? You can end up in prison for any of the following reasons: If you decide to participate in sexting you are choosing to promote child pornography because you are an underage minor and therefore you are what the law calls a 'minor child.' Sexting is child sex abuse. It's child abuse in one of its worst forms. If you take a picture of one of your classmates naked or of any private part of their body as a miserable image you are creating child pornography and that is breaking the law. If you let someone do this to you that is child pornography and it's against the law. If you take it further and send it to someone else by 'sexting' that is especially illegal because you don't know what can happen as a result of it.
“Here's the thing about bad choices: we are free to make a mistake, but as soon as we make a bad choice we lose our freedom to choose the consequences if that mistake. Making bad choices causes us to lose control of what happens next.
“What are some negative consequences that have already happened to others who choose to participate in sexting? The person who said they would not share the naked photo lied and shared it anyway where over one hundred other classmates saw the picture also and made fun of the naked person by cyber bullying and other forms of bullying and harassment. The humiliation experienced by one girl whose picture was sent all over the school committed suicide.
“One boy who took a partially naked picture of a girl was later beaten up so badly by five other boys that he'll never be able to walk again. One student sent a sext to a wrong number that happened to be the number of a stranger who later kidnapped, raped and murdered the student whose picture was taken. The students who sent the sext were sued by the parents of the murdered child and the guilty students went to juvenile prison where kids are often abused by adults as a form of punishment. 
“You can also wind up in prison for being miserably promiscuous if you drink alcohol or take drugs even prescription drugs that you don't have a prescription for. DUI's (traffic tickets called 'Driving Under the Influence') don't occur when you're sober and on a date. Being arrested and sent to jail for possession of drugs doesn't happen when you choose to stay sober and associate with good friends who choose to be constantly sober too. DUI's that end in fatal accidents don't happen when all drivers involved are sober. Is there prison time for a driver who is guilty of a DUI event that kills another? Absolutely!
“And for you young ladies who choose to drink alcohol on a date and then get raped by your date too many times the guy isn't appropriately punished by the legal system because the legal system is still unfair in that rape is the only crime where the victim gets blamed more than the rapist. Why? Because too many men (and some women) view the girl or woman as guilty of a lack of vigilance for choosing to drink something that could interfere with her ability to either make a good choice or protect or defend herself if she were in danger. If you're that girl or woman, how do you know if the guy you're about to date has the sinister intent to rape you after getting you drunk? You can't tell by drinking with him until it's too late. 
“But some of you girls here are smarter than that. Some of you here will live to see a change in the law where the focus comes more on the fact that a female under the influence cannot legally consent to a miserable experience which means that it's rape by the guy or guys who have sex with her. If someone is too intoxicated to give permission for sex, it's rape. The more people see that fact for what it ism the more easily guilty men will be appropriately prosecuted and the fewer the victims so often females will be blamed for becoming the victim of such a horrible crime. Some of you girls here today will live to see that change for the better occur, and some of you will play a vital role in bringing it about. Hopefully some of the good and noble guys out there will support the girls who grow up to see and make that positive change in favor or protecting the victims happen.
“How often is alcohol or drugs involved in miserable activities? Approximately ninety-five percent of the time.
“How often is alcohol or drugs involved in gang rapes? One hundred percent of the time.
“The only way to nearly guarantee your date has good intentions and will respect your decisions, is that he will show certain behaviors that are more likely to give credibility to any claims he has that he will respect you and treat you kindly: He'll enjoy both of you being sober. He won't be offended that you bring your own drink (so that it cannot be tampered with, such as bottled water) He'll enjoy a date with you that keeps both of you in public places often via group dates. He'll treat you well (won't insult you in the name of humor or yell at you or physically harm you) and he won't try and get you alone (because if he's not trying to get you to be with him in private and out of the view of others who could interfere to save you if it appears he's trying to harm you, he is more likely to be a safe date).
Lewis then showed a clip of a famous and very attractive female music artist speaking to a bunch of young people at a school. 
The woman said, “This question is only for the women and the young women here in the audience today. I’d like for any young woman here to stand up if you have ever experienced any of the following: if you have ever been held down physically or held back verbally by a male simply because you were born female, or if you have ever had a guy make a sexual comment (a.k.a. miserable comment) to you that was insulting, threatening or otherwise unwanted by you, or if you have ever been ‘cat called’ or if you have ever trusted a male to protect you but instead of being protected he violated that trust and harmed you either physically or miserably or made you feel you were to blame for his harmful actions or if you have ever been made to feel less intelligent than a male or less valued by a male or of no worth at all simply because you were born female, if you have experienced any of these things or a combination of these things because of a male, please stand.”
Every single young woman there stood. They had all experienced one or more of these awful things already in their young life. The adult women stood too. The famous music artist continued.
“How painful does that feel to have your brother, your father, your uncle, your grandfather, a teacher, a man at a store, or your boyfriend or any other male figure do these things to you? How does it feel to be oppressed by a male just because he is physically stronger than you? How does it feel to experience these things by those who are literally in the position to protect you from these things and yet they don’t. Too often the men in our lives and the men around us as women give us good reason to fear them, to fear becoming a statistic as a victim of violence and miserable abuse. 
“You young men that are listening, have compassion for your sisters, your mothers, the young women and other females you call friends. Don’t let one more day pass where you see or hear some other guy treat a girl badly in the ways already discussed and make the mistake of just standing by and letting it happen. Stand up and protect those who so often cannot protect themselves. And certainly never ever let yourself be the one who is making the miserable remarks or physically holding a young woman or girl or adult woman back. Here’s something you may not realize: Every single girl, every single young woman and every single adult woman has at one point in her life dreamed about finding a good guy that will treat her well. Don’t destroy these dreams by becoming her nightmare. Be the good guy and you’ll find you attract a lot more girls than by trying any other strategy.” The film cut back to Lewis speaking again.
“Ladies, if there are any of you here who have experienced any of those abuses just mentioned or more than one of them, please raise your hand.” In his film he allowed several moments to pass in silence so that all of the females present could have the time and opportunity to raise their hand. Again, every single girl and every woman at the North Ivy assembly raised their hand. After a few more moments, Lewis continued.
“Guys, we can do better. We must do better. And I believe that you want to do and become better. So let’s not be afraid to show the girls we know, the young women at school and our sisters, moms and friends that we don’t have to treat girls or women bad or let others treat them bad in order to feel strong or like a ‘man.’ Because as you can hopefully imagine, these young women obviously think that the men and young men that treat girls and women well are the cool guys that they want to be with so they can feel safe and enjoy hanging out with you. I know that showing the proper respect for girls and women is a vital part of being a real ‘man.’ Now back to the girls for a moment. 
”Ladies, good guys really do still exist. And anytime you find a good guy, thank him for being so cool. And if you have a crush on him, even if he likes someone else, maybe he won’t be so surprised. Again, there are good guys out there. 
“Someone once said that all it takes for evil to spread is for a good man to do nothing. Let’s not be like that. Let’s do something by standing up for what’s right, speaking out against the bad examples of others who harm others by their actions or words or by their lack of proper action.
“If your date male, or female, accidentally gets you too drunk (especially if they don't know you're on a doctor prescribed prescription that isn't safe to use with alcohol) and you die from an alcohol overdose (or death from a fatal drug interaction) is there prison time for that as a consequence? Absolutely!
“Giving into peer pressure to drink alcohol, do drugs or give someone else a miserable experience that literally kills them can easily result in going to prison. How often are prisoners beaten and raped in juvenile prison and adult prisons? It happens to various prisoners both males and females in prisons across the country and around the world every day.
“Those people who try to steal alcohol so they can get their date drunk to have sex, when they get caught for stealing? What happens? The thief goes to jail. Do people ever set someone up to appear to be guilty of committing a crime and make them get caught and go to jail? All of the time. It's called ‘framing’ someone else when you get them to look as if they have done something illegal that they would never do and then they get turned in to the police by you. The fact is, when you choose to be friends or associate with people who break the rules, you put yourself at risk.
“And you should also know that being miserably promiscuous at any age young or old isn't the only way to die. By now most of us know you can die a very painful death by HIV-AIDS.
“But did you know that you can be murdered or worse, tortured first and then murdered for being miserably promiscuous? A guy in California had a reputation for having sex with a lot of different people in his life. He became friends with a young woman but there was no romance or sex involved at all. None. Just friends. But because he was known for being miserably involved with several people whenever he wanted, the young woman's boyfriend automatically assumed the miserably risky guy was trying to get the younger woman friend to be miserable with him and the young woman's boyfriend kidnapped the guy, tortured him for three days straight before finally murdering him. 
“So if some guy thinks you're trying to have sex with his girlfriend, since you're a guy who has a known history of promiscuity as proven by your behavior with others, a guy kills you. The immoral guys past behavior of lots of miserable activity with lots of people proved him to be unreliable when he tried to convince the boyfriend that no romance was involved that time. The young woman's boyfriend could not trust the guy’s word because his past behavior showed clearly he was selfish and not trustworthy because of his miserably careless life. He had left a lot of women heartbroken and many of them pregnant and he showed no remorse, so few others –– especially good people –– could really believe he was trustworthy because he was not.
“So just like the music industry, the movie industry, fashion magazines, TV, Radio, tobacco, alcohol and drug industry, giving into peer pressure is often like joining a gang. It will cause you to behave trashy, feel worthless and be treated like garbage and figuratively speaking be dumped and left on the side of the road and left alone to die when they have no more use for you when you are no longer profitable to them or otherwise useful for their own selfish gratification.
“So who are the people with a low Beautiful IQ and a low Beautiful EQ who are basically selfish and dumb? Those who push One-Way contracts that primarily benefit themselves while harming you and/or others or treat you or others unfairly. Those who know a certain product or practice has a high risk of being harmful, addictive or even fatal but they push it on you and/or others anyway –– especially when they push it on you with a smile. Those who want you to join in their misery is a lot like joining a gang in that it can only end up in one of two ways: Prison or death.
“You do not want to be friends or otherwise work with people who have a low Beautiful IQ or EQ. To really enjoy life and have more freedom away from addictions and the dangers of oppressive peer pressures, choose friends who offer metaphorical Win-Win, flexible contracts. To have lasting happiness, choose friends who have a high Beautiful IQ and high Beautiful EQ because they are the ones who will show by their choices that they care about your happiness and safety both emotionally and physically.
“How do you know if someone has a high Beautiful EQ that shows they are smart in matters of the heart? These are the friends who encourage the more flexible, Win-Win contract mentality who remind you that there are other options, other choices that you can make other than being miserably careless –– especially when deep down inside, you'd rather not give into someone else who is pressuring you to do some kind of miserable favor for them. These are friends who remind you that once you make a poor choice, you are no longer free to choose the consequences of that choice so you should therefore avoid choices that can harm you or lead to addiction in all its varieties 
“These are friends who won’t encourage you to do something that is against your principles; they won’t pressure you to do something you either already feel guilty about doing or may feel guilty about doing.
“These are friends who remind you not to believe the popular lie that is told on TV, in magazines, music, movies and the internet the lie that 'everyone is doing it.' Lewis then gave a long pause. 
"See it for the lie that it is and choose friends who decide to do as others have done and still do which is to wait to practice any beautiful activity until after you are married. Decide now long before you go on that date with someone you are attracted to. It's so much harder to make the right decision when you're 'in the moment' so make your decision now, before you're in a challenging dating situation. In this modern world, the happiest of people really do still wait and you can too. You have other choices other than to give into someone's social, miserable pressure.
“A true friend is someone who does not want to do anything that could cause you to go to prison or to die. A true friend will not encourage you to drink something like alcohol or use drugs or participate in an activity that can cause you to be raped, or get a DUI or accidentally kill someone.
“The next time you hear someone say, 'Everyone is doing it' remember it's a lie. TV, magazines, music, advertisements, movies and internet promotions they don't go to jail when you follow their bad examples or bad advice, they don't believe they're guilty of killing someone if you accidentally kill someone from trying to be cool like a music artist or movie star who teaches the lie that miserable promiscuity is harmless and cool. These various media outlets spend billions and billions of dollars to get as many people as possible to believe the lie that 'everyone is doing it.' But they don't care who they hurt to spread that lie. They don't care about you or me. They only care about their money and the profits they can make even if you get addicted, harm yourself or others in the process or even die.
“Now, can people change? Of course they can. If someone says they don't want to be promiscuous anymore, believe them and encourage them to change for the better. But ladies, still stay wise don't let yourself be alone with someone you suspect has a miserably risky past. Believe it only after you see them change for the better consistently over long periods of time. Believe their positive behavior not just their words. Behavior is much easier to believe than words alone.
“How do you know if someone who was once miserably risky, selfish, irresponsible and not trustworthy is now truly trustworthy? How do you know if they've really changed for the better and can be trusted? It will show in their behavior, in their choices not just in what they say. They won't shy away from accountability. They will take responsibility for their actions. They'll be considerate of others, patient and respectful of their boundaries and limits. If you say, 'No, I'd rather not do (whatever activity that that you believe or know would harm you in some way)' and if they respect your decision and let you choose to say 'no' then that's a good indicator that they are changing for the better and treating you right. If they won't pressure you impatiently to change your mind which is another way to manipulate or control someone then that's a good influence. They'll encourage good choices and be more concerned for your happiness and wellbeing over any selfish desires they may feel. 
“Let me start by practicing what I'm preaching. I hereby make a public pledge to wait until after I'm married to have any sexual relationship with someone. Join me. Give your pledge and plan on a more happy and successful future for yourself and the one you may someday marry.
“The ultimate intimate union, sex, is best enjoyed with someone you want to have a family with who also feels the same about you. Bad choices and selfishness always destroys families and creates road blocks to the successful fulfillment of your dreams. Who you choose as your friends is one of the biggest indicators of your future level of happiness and success. 
“So choose friends who encourage your true, lasting happiness and wellbeing and you'll surround yourself with friends who have a high Beautiful EQ which is more important than IQ alone and you'll become smarter, happier and more successful for it.
“Wishing you the happiest of friendships and love relationships. I'm Lewis Perry. Thank you." His film then began to roll the credits as more great music played.



Appendix D: The Power of Our Youth Today: Everyone’s Hope for a Brighter Future


This  rising generation of young people has before them the opportunities for greatness that the world has never seen before. It would be a mistake for us to presume that the youth of today cannot understand the imperatives of life because they can. Despite what the rankings say about problems within our educational system here in the United States, these low rankings must not be confused with the potential our youth have for great intelligence and desire to do good, develop their intellectual and emotional abilities for learning and use such learning to leave people, places and times better than they found them.
Young people today are showing that they have an unprecedented ability to understand that they can in fact recognize the problems in the world and then create solutions for it that will also make this world a happier, safer and ultimately better place to live in. They understand subjects like money, politics and religion in ways that prove again and again that too often we as adults underestimate their abilities to comprehend much of life. 
For those who take the right interest in the youth of today, they will see that they in fact, desire to do good, help others and that many times they bravely do what's right in taking a stand in favor of those things that they know are right within their heart. They are truly an amazing generation. To those young boys and girls and to those young men and women who do what's right even when it is not popular–– thank you. You will prove to be the saving grace in so many ways for the future as you continue to do what is right even when it may be difficult.
We, as adults, have a duty to the rising generation to believe in their potential for good, believe in their potential to understand the difficulties of life as it pertains to not only the present but also the future and it is our solemn duty to encourage within them to believe in themselves and their capacities to make the future better for themselves and others by seeing the present as their once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to do so.
I believe we will see among our youth a powerful ability to break with the poor traditions of the past such
as ending cycles of  abuse, poverty, addiction and various other destructive choices that too many adults surround them with. But they will not do so without hope, for the belief in a brighter future a future they willingly choose to create by starting today must be given to them for it is impossible to work miracles without such hope (and yes, they will be the miracles this world needs by their actions to do good and become better wherever they go).
For those adults who surround their youth with positive examples of good, you strengthen them to be an example for others that this world and its young people so desperately need. Thank you for that. You are the ones who as parents don't overestimate the power of your influence when you understand the hearts of your children. Your good influence is evident in your friendly and caring interaction with your children. You create and use teaching moments for good in normal, everyday activities and it shows. 
You remind us all that the greatest love we give is within our own homes. Keep participating with your sons and daughters in worthwhile activities that show them of good examples and the great potential for people to do good in this world including your children's capacity to do good and you will help them to feel more loved, hopeful and self-confident
and find your family bond strengthened in the process.
We each have a divine purpose in life that when we discover it, we will find joy in it and a peaceful assurance that we can handle the tasks before us as we pray for our abilities to be equal to our tasks so that miracles may unfold. Praying for a
challenge to be removed doesn't strengthen us as much as praying for Help to achieve those things that are good. We as adults
today must find our own talents, nurture them and strengthen those around us. For those who recognize an imperative duty to strengthen our youth to do good, enjoy your role, for we as adults have a unique opportunity to help this rising generation of  young people in a way that can create peace for us and many, many generations to come. It is not a coincidence that you were born in the time you were born in and in the place you were so it is time to make the most of it for a better world.
As we pass the torch of understanding and opportunity to our youth, may we pass it with optimism, encouragement and love so that when the times come (and they will come) when they fail in their sincere attempts to do good, they will remember the encouragement of a father or mother, a grandparent, brother, sister, aunt, uncle, teacher or good friend that moves them to not give up but to keep striving to achieve that which they feel is right in their young hearts.
Don't underestimate God's creation of a younger rising generation who are learning that they do indeed have a purpose in life, a purpose for good that will shine brightly through their divinely planted talents within them as they develop and share their talents with others, for it is often the fact that most prayers are answered through others. Many are praying for a brighter future and it will come through our youth. 
Help them out. Lift them up. Watch them shine and thank the Lord for the miracles that will come by so doing.
 – T. M. Meek





Copyright 2010-2014 T. M. Meek

END Alex Opalstone and the Window of Heaven’s View: Life 101



www.AlexOpalstone.com

