

Netherworld
BooK One
Beyond the Veil
ADAM COLLINS
Copyright © 2014 Adam Collins
All rights reserved.

















                                                                                                                   



Dedicated, with love, to my family. 




















Works

Bloodthorn Series:

1. STOLEN
2. Blood and Fire



Netherworld:

1. Beyond the Veil
2. Seer's Secret (Jan 2015)













Chapter 1:
“She’s low-born...a gypsy...a mender of pots and pans...and you would turn your back on the Council for...for...that!” His mentor, Rileous Hatterbram, had screamed on finding out about Petr’s intention to abandon his studies. 
Rileous - impossibly pompous and self opinionated at the best of times - had become slowly embittered by many years of occupational stagnation as Dekan of Initiates, or Head Scribe to use the common term, at Haverbrook College. Though seen by the vast majority of Haverbrook’s populace as a most prestigious position, the waspishly dissatisfied little man remained poisonously spiteful and quite beyond all reason, on said matter.  Seeing within himself all of the attributes required of the perfect candidate for the Arch Druid’s Throne; he’d grown weary of being constantly overlooked and overshadowed by the ascension of “less worthy” candidates - as he was oft heard to mutter - to the Council’s highest seat. Rileous was not a happy man, and the poor unfortunates in his charge suffered greatly because of it. So as you can imagine when the time for a “talking to” came, it was with the rigid poise and cold eyes of a coiled viper that Rileous warned Petr of the “dire consequences” should he persist in sullying the Council’s name by, as he put it, “...taking up with that most low and foul creature!” 
Nonetheless, come late evening, even this venomous final threat failed to deter the young man from making his way towards her brightly coloured wagon. Jenna was sitting on the back step of her Vardo mending socks as he approached her campsite. Lustrous long black hair, shimmering with effervescent colour in the last rays of the dying Sun, framed her small flawless face.  
Petr’s breath caught and his heart skipped a beat on finally catching sight of her. She was the most beautiful girl that he’d ever seen. But now, sadly, the two weeks were up, and the wall that her father had been employed to construct was at last finished. By morning’s first light she’d be gone forever. His mind was ablaze, filled with all sorts of conflicting, unruly, emotions. They were both of age, no permissions were needed. He could take her to the magistrate’s office and there was nothing that her father could do - broken bones aside of course. True, he would be disowned by the druids and left penniless, but the thought of life without Jenna was just too much to bear for the strong-headed young man. He waved as he approached the campsite.
‘Well if it isn’t the young druid. Now what can a poor gypsy girl do for an upstanding holy-man like yourself?’ 
Petr couldn’t help but smile. ‘For one you can drop the gypsy act and give me a kiss.’ 
Jenna’s back straightened. ‘My-my, someone’s being a tad presumptuous today. Just because my father’s doing a bit of work for the Council, doesn’t automatically mean that you can just saunter by and make free whenever you fancy.’ 
Petr stepped close and placed his hands around her slim waist. ‘Well, as you’ve rightly pointed out, your father is in our employ. Therefore, as with all business matters, there’s a price to be levied - a small tax if you will - to keep the deal sweet.’ 
Jenna placed her arms over Petr’s shoulders and looked into his dark blue eyes. “Fraid I don’t have much in the way of coin, young master. Would trade suffice?’
Petr’s smile broadened. ‘My dear, I was bloody well counting on it.’ 
Grabbing hold of his tunic, Jenna dragged him up the wooden steps and into the cramped interior of the wagon. The aroma of spice and herbs, of assorted kind, combined to infuse the air with a wonderful, if exotic, scent. 
Petr removed his hooded cloak and threw it to one side. As the heavy fleece landed there was a sudden squeal, quickly followed by a rumbling growl from somewhere beneath the cloak’s dusky folds. 
Jenna jumped with fright at the sound. ‘Oh Light, I’d forgotten he was in here!’
Petr’s eyes widened. ‘What...who is in here?’
‘No-one...I mean...nothing...oh never-mind! Just my pet, is all,’ she finally managed to stutter, while scooping up Petr’s cloak and whatever was struggling to get free from inside. 
Holding the cloak firmly under one arm she opened a small window at the far end of the room, pushed a small creature through and slammed the window shut.
Petr’s face was a picture of confusion. ‘What in the--?’
 Jenna sat back onto the bed, pulled Petr down and kissed him, before he could protest further. 
All of his questions quickly dissolved. 
 Jenna pulled back from his face. ‘Do you love me, druid?’
‘Of course I do, you ninny; with all of my heart. So much so, that I’m about to turn my back on a life of comfort, privilege, and prestige, just to be by your side. And you know what? I wouldn’t have it any other way.’ He leaned forward to kiss her again.
Jenna pulled back a second time. ‘But will you follow, no matter the distance or cost?’
‘Of course, to the ends of the earth and beyond if necessary. Be it the hellish furnace of the northern deserts, or the frigid wastes south of the Blasked Sea, I don’t care. Wherever you go, I’ll be there like a faithful lapdog. Druid’s promise.’ 
‘Don’t be an ass, I’m serious. These last two weeks have been wonderful...’ Jenna’s smile faded. ‘But my father...’She shook her head sadly. ‘He’ll never agree. And if he finds out what’s been going on between us he’ll snap you in two.’ 
‘I don’t care what he says.’ Petr’s lips hardened. ‘I won’t let you go. And if he makes any trouble about it I’ll bad-mouth him to the gods next Offerings Day. Let him chew that without salt and see how it tastes!’ He leaned down and kissed her again. 
As Petr removed his shirt Jenna’s cheeks flushed. She pulled back from his face a third time. ‘Petr, you must promise that you’ll never leave me. I need to be sure. I need to hear it.’
‘I do promise, without hesitation, and without regret. You’re all that I want, now and forever, to the end of my days.’  
 Outside the crack of trampled brushwood shattered the quiet and warned of approach. ‘Jenna, where are you girl?’ said her father.
Jenna pushed Petr to one side and sat up, ‘Oh Light, if he finds you here he’ll kill you!’
Petr stood up in panic and banged his head against the low ceiling. ‘Bat poop!’ He cried, before clamping one hand over his mouth and the other over the quickly growing bump on his crown.
‘Jenna, is that you? Come out here, girl, we need to talk,’ her father called again.
Jenna looked into Petr’s eyes and pressed a finger to her lips. ‘Coming, Pappa, just give me a moment!’
‘Be quick now, there’s no time to lose!’ said Henry.
Jenna got up from the bed and raised the mattress to reveal an empty storage area beneath. ‘Get inside,’ she ordered, ‘stay put and be quiet. I’ll come back for you when it’s safe. And if you want to keep breathing don’t come outside no matter what you hear.’
***
Henry was sitting by the campfire idly stoking the smouldering embers as she approached. He was big compared to most; a whisker short of seven feet, with muscular arms that looked disproportionately long, even on his extra large frame. His wide knuckled hands dangled midway between hip and knee while standing, lending him a very peculiar shape indeed, if gigantitude - be there such a word - wasn’t enough.
‘What’s the matter, Pappa - you look...angry?’ she cautiously inquired.
‘It’s that fat-rumped Dekan. Makes my blood boil, he does.’ 
‘What’s happened? Did he refuse to pay?’
‘No, he paid alright, there’s no problem there.’ Henry glowered with spite into the dying embers.
‘What then?’ Jenna sat on a small three legged stool just across from her father.
‘Some think us lesser than the mud on their boots, girl. A curse on ‘em all I says. Their all the same, bloody Humes!’ 
‘You know that’s not true. They’re not all the same. We’ve known kindness too, if honest.’
Henry looked at his daughter. ‘Warned me, he did. ‘Bout keeping you away from that young druid. Worried about the good name of his precious college, he is.’ Henry spat into the fire sending a billow of sparks and smoke flying into the air.
‘What did he say?’ 
Henry grabbed his hat and wrenched it from his head in anger. ‘Says you been trying to ensnare the boy, an’ how he wasn’t standing for it! Can you believe that? I told him, what for, though. Said the boy’s not good enough to polish your buttons. How back in our homelands you’re...’ Henry trailed off. ‘Well...of better stock than these blasted Humes anyways!’ He nodded in the general direction of the druid college for effect.
‘Oh no, you didn’t...did you?
Henry looked into Jenna’s eyes then quickly away again, suddenly feeling embarrassed and exposed by Jenna’s horrified glare. ‘I did. An’ what of it? They make me so angry. I hate ‘em all. Bloody short-lived, a pox on their mortal bones the lot of ‘em.’ Henry twisted the straw hat into a knot and squeezed until his knuckles whitened.
‘You must be more careful, Pappa. An angry word in the wrong ear could put you in shackles, or worse. You know full well how they treat with us. No magistrate would ever take the side of a gypsy over a citizen. You know that! And if they had arrested you and thrown you in the nearest dungeon, what would’ve become of me?’
‘You wasn’t there, child. You didn’t see the hate in his eye, nor the spray of his spit. I’d ‘ave gladly ripped him in two, and very nearly did. It was the thought of you that opened my fists, or I’d surely have blood on ‘em!’ Henry turned his face away.
Jenna put a comforting hand on her father’s shoulder. ‘Come now let it go. Your anger’s wasted on deaf ears and serves little good. It’s done and finished with no more to be said. And that’s the best place for it, if you ask me. I’ll make some herbal tea to calm you. I’ve just the blend to melt that frown of yours.’ She smiled kindly.
A long slow sigh escaped the big man’s lips. ‘You’re right of course...as usual.’ Then he paused for a moment. ‘You remind me of her, you know...your mother, I mean. You were just a babe when she died, too young to remember. She had wisdom, and grace, always so calm.’ Henry snapped out of his reverie. ‘Not like me, a thunderin’ hothead, is what I am! But it’s my nature to be so, and I can’t deny it.’ His gaze returned to the flames.
‘Let me make the tea,’ said Jenna, placing her hand on his balled fists. ‘Then I’ll cook you something to eat. The world always seems less fractious on a full stomach, sit a while and smoke, while I get the pots from the wagon.’
‘No child, there’s no time. I want to be clear of this place before night comes proper.’
‘But that will take hours. The estate stretches beyond the river at the end of the valley.’ 
‘True as day, but there’s no changing my mind now it’s made. Fetch the horse, I’ll lock the stairs.’ Henry stood and walked towards the wagon.
‘I’m sure they won’t mind if we spend one last night here. It’s getting dark, and the cold already chills my bones. Wouldn’t it be better to travel by daylight?’ she said, hoping against hope that he would relent and agree to stay.
‘You won’t change my mind on this, so stop tryin’. Now go fetch the animal, like I said.’
‘Pappa?’
‘What now, child?’
‘Thank you.’
‘For what?’ 
‘Standing up to the Dekan for me.’
His cheeks flushed. ‘You’re welcome, daughter. Now finish your chore, like I said.’ 
Henry raised the stairs at the back of the Vardo. It groaned in protest on its rusty hinge before coming to rest against the back door.
Petr saw the blurred outline of the stairs resting against the door’s brightly painted window, and his heart sank. He was trapped, good and proper.
***
The iron rimmed wheels rumbled as they rolled across the hard-packed dirt road. Rough and full of hollows, the wagon lurched violently every so often as Henry tried, but failed, to successfully navigate the uneven surface in the semi-dark. Overhead, the Moon was bright and round, and stars winked, through rising fog, like ghostly ship-lights on a vast black ocean. Jenna sat beside her father on the driver’s seat. She was lost in thought, worried how she would get Petr out of the wagon unseen.
Henry noticed his daughter’s sombre mood. ‘You seem quieter than usual.’
‘Just tired, I suppose. It’s been a long day.’
‘Not missin’ that boy are you?’
‘No of course not,’ she lied, ‘we spoke briefly a few times. He seemed...nice.’ 
‘Best put him out of your mind now. You won’t be seein’ him again, so no point losing sleep over what-could-have-beens. It’s for the best in the long run. The further away, he is, the better. By morn we’ll be ten mile or more an’ no harm neither if you ask me.’ 
Jenna glanced over her shoulder and raised her brows. ‘Yes, Pappa. Though perhaps not quite as far as you think,’ she said quietly.
Henry looked at her and smiled. ‘Nine or ten,’ he shrugged, ‘it be no difference when the hunt’s hot. Main thing’s, we’re away from ‘em blasted Humes, an’ good riddance too. Give me the open road, an’ a soft day an’ I’m as happy as a squirrel in a tree full of pine cones.’ He laughed, finally seeming to relax.
***
The road wound down through an open meadow and across a shallow stream. By midnight they were approaching the borders of the Haverbrook town-land. The fog was growing steadily thicker as the temperature dropped.
 Jenna was wrapping a shawl around her shoulders against the cold when Henry suddenly stopped the wagon and warily sniffed the air. She leaned forward. ‘What’s the matter?’
‘There’s a foul tinge to the breeze. Reminds me...’ Henry trailed off and glared into the pervading gloom.
‘Reminds you of what?’ asked Jenna.
Henry snapped out of his strange mood. ‘Ack, ‘tis nothin’, girl! Just my imagination, no doubt.’
With a flick of wrists, the reins slapped the horse’s back and the wagon lurched forward once more. They were entering a dense copse of trees on a low hill when the breeze died to a whisper. Swarthy spruce covering the undulant rise from bottom to top reduced the view to a few, claustrophobic, paces. A lonely cloud passing before the Moon transformed the land from ethereal half-light to black abyss in a shuddering heartbeat. 
All about, knurled, moss-covered branches creaked balefully in the torpid waft. Dark and ominous, they hovered in pensive coil like the grasping arms of a hundred misshapen beasts ready to pounce upon command. 
Jenna’s heart started to beat faster. The air felt heavy and her senses warned of hidden dangers.  She grabbed Henry’s arm. ‘I don’t like it here. It feels...wrong. Turn the wagon and take us back out onto the open road.’
‘Don’t be foolish we’re almost half way through, no point turnin’ back now. An’ besides, once on the other side we’ll finally be free of ‘em blasted druids and can pitch for the night.’ Henry gave a hard flick of his wrists and the horse’s pace quickened to a trot. ‘There’s nothin’ to fear, child, leastways not while I’m here beside you.’ He forced an awkward smile.
Jenna smiled back but squirmed as she tried to stifle the cold shiver crawling up the length of her spine. The fog was starting to get thicker, it weaved around branch and bow like slowly swirling eddies in milk-streaked water. The creatures of the night were silent, not a sound could be heard for miles. 
As the wagon turned a sharp bend on the road Henry saw that a large fallen branch was blocking the way and hauled back on the reins. ‘Whoa now, whoa.’ 
As he tied off the reins Jenna grabbed hold of his arm once more, ‘Please, Pappa, I really don’t like it here, we should go back now.’
‘Stop frettin’, I’ll have it out of the way in a wink. Hold still show a little marrow, and don’t be givin’ shadows weight,’ he grinned and gently patted her leg before jumping down onto the road.
Jenna watched with growing alarm. The fog was becoming so thick that her father was almost completely obscured from her view as he walked toward the fallen bough. The sound of cracking twigs somewhere to the right made her turn in her seat. Peering into the darkness, she saw little but tumbling fog and twisted tree limbs. Henry was still struggling with the fallen branch when a sudden blow to the head knocked him into the undergrowth.
 Jenna screamed as a multitude of yellow eyes pierced the gloom of the thicket. Strong arms reached out, pulled her into the brush and carried her off at a fast pace. She watched helplessly as the canopy overhead whipped by in a blur of various shades from dark grey to black - punctuated infrequently by the odd star, whenever the foliage parted. She could just make out the features of the little horror who was firmly gripping her left arm. It was small and hideous, no larger than a preteen boy but much stronger. Its dark red skin was oily to the touch and its breath stank of decay. Glowing yellow eyes flanked a gaping hole where a nose should normally be. But worst of all the mouth was filled to overflow with rows of tiny needle-like teeth. Many similar little ghouls held her arms and legs, as they scrambled over rocks and protrusions to bear her along. Jenna filled her lungs and screamed louder than she had ever screamed in her life. A crashing thump sent her tumbling to the ground in a tangle of arms and legs. She was quickly pulled to her feet, and came face to face with Petr. The small dark creatures lay scattered all around them on the ground. 
‘How in the Light did you get out of the wagon?’ Jenna blurted.
Petr grabbed her hand, ‘No time for explanations just now. Run!’   
Angry voices hissed and barked behind them as they ran through the trees. Onwards they flew through the night, rough branches tearing clothes and skin. Exhausted, they finally came to the brow and a circular open space on the summit. Without breaking stride they hurried into the middle, surrounded on all sides by a multitude of yellow eyes shining through the dark. There was no escape. They were trapped. Petr grabbed up a large rock and waited for the first attack. The creatures came forward on mass, some scrambling on all fours, others upright. 
‘What are they?’  Jenna cried.
‘I don’t know, but they mean us harm that’s for sure,’ Petr raised the rock in readiness to strike.
The first of the creatures to reach Petr died quickly. His misshapen head cracked and crumpled like rotten fruit on contact with the heavy stone. It fell limply to the ground, green innards spurting from every fissure in its mangled cranium. Others quickly followed suit as Petr swung left and right using the rock to crush and maim with each blow. The death toll mounted but still they came forward. The young druid tired but his frenzy had forced the attackers to retreat. In the silent reprieve, he stood in breathless defiance, sweat dripping from his matted dark-brown hair in rapid stream. 
One of the creatures gingerly stepped forward. ‘Give us the girl and you can go free!’ it rasped.
‘Get back,’ roared Petr, ‘or you’ll join your friends.’
The creature immediately took a step backwards in dread, ‘She’s nothing to you, boy. Why give up your life for a wench you hardly know. You’re young you’ll meet another in time,’ his eyes glowed brightly as he spoke. ‘Come now, lay down your weapon. There’s no need to burden yourself so. Your arms are tired. Drop the weapon. Drop it now and rest your weary arms.’
Petr couldn’t help but stare into the creatures glowing eyes. An irresistible wave of tiredness suddenly washed over him. 
‘That’s right, rest those weary limbs. The grass is soft and comfortable, rest now. Close your eyes and sleep on the soft grass. You have no worries...no cares...so...tired.’
Petr’s eyes started to close as an overwhelming urge to lie down and sleep gripped him.
With trepidation the multitude edged closer one slow step at a time. Sneering lips peeled in jubilant expectation, revealed rows of jagged flesh rippers.
‘Petr what are you doing? Snap out of it!’ Jenna, shook Petr awake. 
Petr shook his head to clear his fuddled senses. His arms were almost down by his sides. Regaining control he quickly raised the rock back over his head in a menacing pose. 
The creature growled, ‘Foolish, boy! Now you will die painfully and feel every bite. Attack!’ it ordered with a swing of its arm.
With guttural glee the host attacked again. Petr felled four more before he was finally overwhelmed. Hard fists pummelled and battering him to the ground before blackness engulfed him completely and the fight was lost. 
Jenna screamed as grasping leathery hands overpowered, and pinned her against the cold damp earth. Wicked, jubilant, faces pressed close and barked, harsh, mocking laughter into her ears. She lay unable to move, powerless against their vile intentions when a thundering roar split the night air to silence the inane babble. Petr was released but lay motionless as the brood ran in terror. A large beast burst into the clearing sending red-hide bodies flying into the air in all directions with each swing of his huge arms. This new arrival was unlike the scampering multitude; a boar-like head topped a heavily muscled human torso and legs. Black wiry hair covered it crown to heal, and chest to toe. Jenna screamed again at the sight of the monster. The boarman cleaved a path through the closely packed bodies surrounding the prostrate young woman. The dark creatures, fleeing in terror from his rage, scampered off in all directions without care. The beast bellowed in anger and defiance as they disappeared into the night. Long moments passed before the beast, satisfied that they were truly gone, slowly turned and walked toward Jenna. Bending low it knelt before her, its brutish face heavy with sadness, ‘Don’t be afraid child, ‘tis me.’
Jenna looked into his eyes, they looked familiar, ‘Pappa...?’
The boarman nodded sadly, ‘Yes.’
‘But how...?’
‘There’s much I need to tell you--,’ a red shafted arrow pierced the boar’s chest. Stumbling he collapsed onto his back with a roar.
‘Pappa!’  Jenna screamed and ran to his side. As she cradled his head the arrow dissolved into the wound burning a large ragged hole. Henry bellowed in pain as the wound in his chest grew.
A strange man stepped into the clearing, his mottled, green hued, skin blending seamlessly with the background foliage; runic tattoos covering his hairless head from fore to nape. One hand gripped a small ornately carved bow made of wood and bone.
‘Salamander!’ Henry snarled the name through gritted teeth.
The green man smiled, ‘It has been a long hunt, Guardian, but the result was never really in doubt.’
‘It doesn’t have to be this way, assassin. We’ll double whatever the wizard is paying you.’ said Henry.
‘Wizard...? No,’ Salamander smiled. ‘I’m afraid you are misinformed. I do not work for the Necromancer...presently.’
‘Who then?’ rasped Henry.
‘I suppose it makes little difference if you know...the Firebrand’s poison counters all magic and you’ll be dead by morn’.’
‘Who then, blast you green skin?’
There was a short pause before the strange man spoke, ‘The Oriel Witch.’
‘No, Salamander, not the Sorceress, for pity’s sake I beg you!’
‘I have no feelings on this matter, Guardian, you above all should know that.  I do, what I am paid to do, no more no less,’ he shrugged.
‘Name your price, we’ll meet it. Your weight in precious stones - they can be yours!’
‘It’s...complicated. The Witch has been...assured...of my loyalty, I’m afraid.’
‘That’s not your nature, Salamander, you’ve switched sides before when the price was right.’
‘True, but not this time, Guardian. Come, Jennaiel, it is time to return,’ he held out his hand to Jenna.
Jenna looked confused, ‘My name is Jenna.’
The green man smiled coldly, ‘It seems, much has been kept from you Magi. Amusing, but of little consequence,’ he shrugged. ‘Come now, I will explain as we travel.’
‘What do you mean...Magi? You’re mistaken, I’m no adept.’
The green man kept smiling as he reached for her, ‘Enough of this...it’s time.’ 
Jenna turned to her father and bent low to kiss his forehead, ‘Goodbye, Pappa.’
‘Pappa?’ Salamander glanced down at the dying boar, ‘She thinks you are her father, Guardian?’ Salamander stepped back and laughed cruelly. ‘It seems, Magi, that I know more about you than you know about yourself,’ he laughed again, ‘this is so very amusing.’
‘Perhaps you’d care to enlighten me?’ Jenna snapped.
‘Perhaps,’ Salamander nodded and grinned. ‘Know this, if nothing else,’ he pointed down at Henry, ‘he is not your father,’ then he laughed even louder.
Jenna turned to Henry. ‘What does he mean, Pappa?’
Henry turned away from Jenna’s stare, ‘We...that is, your mother and me thought it was better that you didn’t know.’
‘Then it’s true?’
Salamander laughed cruelly, ‘This is priceless, Shifter, do continue.’
‘Yes,’ Henry reluctantly admitted. ‘I was your protector - your...Guardian. My people, the Denan, were allied with the Thane during the war against the Shadow. It was my honour to be your mother’s personal protector, and after her death, to be yours.’ he almost mumbled the last.
‘And my real parents?’
‘Your father gave his life holdin’ back the forces of Shadow, givin’ his people the time needed to escape here to this human domain. Your mother, died not long after arrivin’, givin’ birth to you. It was decided to keep you sheltered from your past as a protection. Only through isolation could safety be assured. That’s why we wondered these lands from end to end without ever stoppin’. The Necromancer has no power here in the world of Humes, so here we be.’
‘But, alas, not for much longer. Come, it’s time to return to your rightful home,’ Salamander held out his hand again.
Jenna looked down at Henry’s face, leaned forward and kissed his snout, ‘You are the only father, I have ever known, and I will remember you as such to the end of my days.’
As Henry smiled a single tear rolled down the coarse skin of his cheek, ‘Thank you...daughter.’
‘Enough of this!’ Salamander stepped forward, grabbed Jenna’s arm. Pulling her onto her feet he dragged her toward the tree-line and a pair of standing stones hidden by bush and ivy.
 Jenna twisted free and managed to grab hold of a knife from the assassin’s belt. She drew back and quickly drove the sharp blade towards the man’s stomach.
Salamander grabbed her wrist and disarmed her in one fluid movement, ‘Nice try,’ he smirked. ‘You’re not going to make this easy are you, my little fire-drake?
‘I would rather die than submit to you or your kind, Shadowborn.’  
Jenna tried to punch the assassin with her free hand but Salamander was too quick and grabbed the fist just before it could make contact with his face. ‘Temper-temper,’ he smirked. ‘Yes, it’s clear to me now. You, my dear little prize, are going to have to be watched. But seeing as I have neither the time nor the inclination...’ he produced a silver flask adorned with a single ruby gem and held it before Jenna’s face. The gem glowed, a strange shimmering light engulfed the young woman and a second later she was gone. The assassin held the flask up to his ear, ‘Sorry about that, little one, but I simply do not have the energy to drag you, cursing and fighting, all the way back to the witch.’ He tapped the side of the flask with his finger, ‘This is much more civilised, I’m sure you’ll agree.’  
A shining portal opened between the standing stones filling the hilltop clearing with a bright white light. The red skinned host had returned and now gleefully disappeared through the doorway in a long line of undisciplined clamouring bodies. Salamander was the last to step through. A moment later the door closed and the light winked out. Silence returned, broken rhythmically by Henry’s rasping breaths. 
***
It was almost morning before Petr finally awoke. Sitting up he looked around at the tiny bodies that ringed the clearing. One dark shape looked larger than the rest, his heart jumped as he cried out in desperation, ‘Jenna!’ 
Henry had returned to his human form and was close to death; a gaping chest wound, issuing black smoke, the obvious cause. His eyes opened. ‘The young druid...well if that don’t beat all. This is your fault you know, boy. If it hadn’t been for you we’d never have been caught like this.’
‘Where’s Jenna?’ asked Petr.
‘Taken.’
‘Who were they?’
‘Dark forces. They’ve won...it’s over.’
‘I don’t understand. Where have they taken her?’
‘Where you can’t follow, boy. Netherworld,’ he coughed and closed his eyes as pain wracked his body.
‘You’re not making any sense,’ Petr grabbed hold of Henry’s lapels. ‘Where is this...Netherworld?’
Henry’s eyes opened again, ‘You’ll see her when you dream, boy - if you’re lucky. She’s gone from here, never to...return--’ Henry’s eye’s closed again.
Petr’s tears dropped from his cheeks and splashed across Henry’s face. The Guardian’s eyes opened one last time, ‘You love her don’t you, boy?’
‘Yes,’ answered Petr.
‘Then there might be a chance, though slim,’ Henry coughed long and hard. ‘Seek the gypsy oracle, Megella,’
Petr’s eyes widened, ‘I’ve heard of her, she lives in Blackfriar, in the forest there.’
Henry nodded, ‘Blind Meg, she’s now called...I remember her when she was a youngster in pigtails...before she was robbed of her sight. They say she sees more now than she ever did, through her gift. She’s one of us. She might be able to help you.’
‘Thank you, I’ll find her.’
‘Don’t go thankin’ me just yet, boy. You might find that the cost is more ‘an you wish to pay. You’ll need a sign to let Meg know that I sent you,’ Henry fumbled in his pants-pocket and pulled out a small key tied to a piece of string. ‘Here take it. There’s a trunk ‘neath by bed. Inside you’ll find a blue box ‘at contains a small bottle. Take it to Meg, she’ll know what to do,’ Henry placed the key into Petr’s hand. ‘Quick, boy, away with you. If you don’t reach the wagon before first light there’ll be no wagon to be found. Now go!’ Henry pushed Petr away.
The young druid ran, as though hellhounds were nipping on his heels, back towards the Vardo. The dark was turning to grey as he rushed through the undergrowth. Soon the Sun would be rising. Already the signs of early morn were becoming more evident with every step. At last he broke free from the tangle of branches and out onto the dirt track that ran through the middle of the copse. The wagon was just ahead. Petr took the steps at the back door two at a time and pulled off the mattress covering the bed. There was a large trunk in the storage cavity, but in an anxious fuddle he fumbled the key and it fell down between the trunk and the wall. ‘Bat poop! Bat poop! Bat poop!’ he screamed in frustration.
The trunk was far too heavy to move. In desperation he tried to force his hand down into the gap, but the space was far too narrow. He glanced frantically about. There was a large lump of cooking lard on a shelf nearby. After rubbing the grease over his hand he shoved it back into the gap where the key was lodged. This time his hand slipped easily in. Grabbing the key he pulled it free, placed it into the lock. With a satisfying click the lock opened and Petr flipped the lid open. The trunk was filled with all sorts of bric-a-brac. Rummaging frantically through the jumble, he found a small box overlaid with blue velvet. The top cover was stamped with a symbol that looked like a group of interlaced sticks issuing yellow flame. Opening the lid revealed was a small dirt smeared, phial made from hardened brown clay. The top of the phial was sealed with blue resin into which strange runic symbols had been stamped. Grabbing hold of the bottle, Petr jumped out the door of the wagon just as the first rays of sunlight touched the land. 
In the clearing on the hilltop, little dark bodies turned to black dust that blew on the breeze. Henry watched the Sun crest the far-off hills. ‘Forgive me, daughter.’ His eyes closed and the guardian was no more. His shimmering body faded, turned into bright sparks that drifted gently skyward. 
The wagon shimmered and disappeared, just as Henry had said it would; leaving Petr sitting alone on the dirt road, looking at the small dirty bottle in his hand. Squinting, he looked towards the rising Sun and groaned, ‘I’m in it now….right up to my neck!’ 












CH 2:
Petr brushed the dust from his clothes and raised the bottle to his face to better see it in the growing light. It was an unusual design, if clumsily made. The surface was smooth in parts, but mottled and uneven in others. To put it politely, it was a crude, roughly finished, effort, showing little to rudimentary skill or imagination on its creator’s behalf. The runic inscriptions were beyond his meagre abilities to read. Only the senior scribes had knowledge of the old writing, and only they would have the skill needed to decipher these strange marks. But asking them for help was simply out of the question. This strange little bottle must not fall into the wrong hands. Only the gypsies could help him now. The Sun was fully up, but there was still a chill in the air. It was time to make a decision. Blackfriars was in the same direction as the college, and he would need provisions for the trip. Pragmatism, and an empty belly, quickly decided him on a return to Haverbrook. Placing the bottle into his leather hip bag, he set off for the college. The road wound down through the glen and through vast swathes of wheat-filled farmland. High overhead long translucent flecks of Cirrus cloud crept lazily across the clear blue sky. It was going to be a bright sunny day. 
***
By noon the heat was making him sweat.  As he trudged mindlessly along the dirt road, a sharp-edged stone burrowed to the bone on his last downward stomp, ‘Oh for the love of--’ he cried, as he hobbled to suitable perch at the side of the road. ‘Bloody sandals! What I wouldn’t give for a descent pair of walking boots,’ he complained as he removed the offending footwear and rubbed his bruised heel. ‘A nice big hobnailed pair like the ones soldiers wear,’ he mused. ‘Yes...perfect. Then I’d go and plant one right up the backside of the man who invented these, god-blasted, bloody, feet defilers!’ he violently shook the flimsy strip of leather in his hand.
Sitting there hot and more than a little bothered, brushing road dust from between his blackened toes, a rustling sound from a nearby bush attracted his attention. Petr stopped and stared, ‘Is there someone there…? Come on show yourself. If its money you’re after you’re going to be sorely disappointed!’ the bush ignored him. ‘I’m not alone, you know. There’s a party of ten druids just down the road. One shout from me and they’ll come running,’ he lied. No one answered and there was no further noise. He eyed the cluster of green leaves suspiciously. ‘It’s probably just a rabbit or hedgehog rummaging for grubs, get a grip you idiot,’ he mumbled.
Happy that he was alone, Petr slipped his sandal back on and started down the road once again. After a few minutes walking the sound of cracking twigs made him turn suddenly in fright. But the road behind was empty. Nonetheless he stopped and listened carefully. Happily chirping song-birds filled the air and skittering squirrels the trees, but little else moved on the deserted road. Shrugging, he set off again but hadn’t gone far when a second loud crack spun him quickly around. There was movement in the long grass at the side of the road. The grass parted and closed again as if something had stepped through, but on closer inspection there was nothing to be seen. Petr picked up a nearby stick and slowly walked towards the tuft of long-grass. There was another rustle, and this time he’d clearly seen it. He raised the stick and attacked, swotting left and right without ever catching a glimpse of what he was hitting. A startled cry of pain confirmed his success. The grass parted, and something hit Petr’s midriff, knocking him onto his back. Small invisible feet ran the length of his body, leaped from his chest, and darted across the road to the thickets on the other side. He stood, grabbed up the stick again, and stared at the bushes in confusion. He’d definitely felt the weight of the creature as it ran him over, but whatever it was, it was completely invisible. He edged closer, holding the stick aloft. The thicket started to quiver as he approached within striking distance.
‘No more hit...I friend!’ came a pleading voice.
Petr’s crouch straightened. ‘Hello…? Who’s there…? Show yourself!’
‘No more hit! - No more hit!’ came the high-pitched voice again.
Petr lowered the stick to his side. ‘Okay…I won’t hit you… Just come out here so that I can see you. And no funny business or else!’ he raised the stick and shook it to emphasize his point.
‘You said no hit...I friend...Huff friend…no hit.’ the bush quivered violently.
Petr threw the stick away, ‘There, the stick’s gone! I promise I won’t hit you again. Now come out here. All bets are off if I have to come in there and get you!’ he warned.
There was a long silence. With the snapping of dried twigs and a rustle of leaves, the branches parted as though something had emerged, but there was still nothing to be seen.
‘Where are you? I’m starting to lose patience,’ Petr said irately.
‘Huff here...oopsie…I forget.’ There was a short pause. A small creature appeared out of thin air right in front of Petr.
Petr stepped back in shock as the creature materialised. It was a humanoid, but no higher than Petr’s knee, with a head that was much too large for its tiny body, ‘What in the name--?’ Petr’s eyes widened at the sight. ‘What are you?’
‘I Huff. Huff for Jeennaa,’ he started to purr like a cat, while holding his tiny clasped hands under one side of his pointed chin in a sort of affectionate hugging motion.
Petr stumbled backwards and sat heavily on the verge at the other side of the road, his mouth hanging limply. 
‘You for Jeennaa too?’ the little creature pointed at Petr.
Petr finally nodded. ‘Yes...I’m for Jenna.’
‘Yes I see’d,’ he laughed and jumped up and down which made his red bulbous nose waggle like giant wart-covered sausage. He clapped his hands loudly, ‘Huff see’d you and Jeennaa. You for Jeennaa, and Jeennaa for you,’ he nodded.
‘My name’s Petr.’
‘Ah yes...Perter,’ the creature nodded again.
‘No it’s Petr,’ he corrected.
‘Yes, Perter. You, Perter. Perter! - Perter! - Perter!’ he sang as he danced in a little circle.
Petr frowned but said nothing. It was obvious that the creature was not for changing his mind once made up. ‘So what exactly is a Huff then?’ asked Petr, trying to distract the little man from his annoying capering.
‘Huff is Huff, not what!’ he wagged a disapproving finger.
Petr scratched his head, ‘Oh I see. Huff’s your name then.’
‘Yes, I Huff…I said already,’ he rather officiously announced while drawing himself up to his full height and jutting his pointy chin out. ‘Huff for Jeennaa!’ he added again for effect.
‘That was you, wasn’t it? I mean beneath my coat last night in the wagon.’
‘Yes – yes – yes! Huff out window. Not happy,’ he gave a low growl. Then he smiled, ‘Happy now. All forgotten,’ with that he started to purr again.
‘Jenna was taken,’ Petr pointed back towards the wooded hill.
‘Yes, Jeennaa taken by Salaamaander,’ he growled at the hill where the attack had occurred, walked over to Petr and took hold of his hand, ‘Huff help. Huff for Jeennaa. Huff for Perter,’ his bunny-tooth smile was completely disarming.
Petr smiled back, ‘And Petr for Huff.’
Huff jumped up and down again whooping for joy. 
‘What do you know about Salamander?
‘Salaamaander for bad. Salaamaander end Gaardiaan. Take Jeennaa, Huff see’d,’ he growled like a petulant puppy. 
‘What does he want with Jenna?’
‘Salaamaander bad, for Jeennaa. Salaamaander for bad!’
It was obvious to Petr that he wasn’t going to get much further with his questions. Huff’s vocabulary was very limited. ‘Yes, Salamander is bad. But we’ll get her back, Huff.’ Petr stood and looked back towards the far-off wooded hill.
‘Save Jeennaa, Huff and Perter will,’ said Huff, while smiling and nodding.
‘Yes we will, Huff, or burst trying.’ 
As Petr started to walk down the road again towards home, Huff scampered up his back and lodged himself in the hood of the coat tied around his waist. Petr smiled at Huff’s purring as he gently swung backwards and forwards with each stride. He was a welcome companion on the lonely road.
***
In the afternoon a lone horse and rider came into view. Petr squinted against the light trying to discern who the rider was. It didn’t take long before he recognised the tufts of curly black hair and ruddy cheeks of his best friend Matt Turnil. Huff peered over Petr’s shoulder and started to growl at the fast approaching young man.
‘Easy Huff, he’s my friend.’
‘For Perter?’ 
‘Yes, he’s for Perter. But it’s best if he doesn’t see you. Can you hide from him - like you did in the bushes?’
‘Huff hide. Huff good for hide,’ Huff faded and disappeared as the horse drew close. 
‘Thought I might find you down this way,’ said the grinning the rose-cheeked youth.
Petr shielded his eyes from the Sun as he glanced up at his friend, ‘Why so confident?’
‘Knew if I followed the wagon ruts I’d find you close by. So what happened?  Her father catch you and send you running with his boot print on your rump?’
‘Something like that,’ Petr felt uneasy about telling his friend what had happened, mainly because Matt would insist on coming along, and he didn’t want to endanger him.
Half a year younger than Petr, Matt was the same height and build. Matt was always looking for adventure. Even as small boys he was eager for expeditions into unknown territory. At the age of twelve they’d climbed half way up Culvern Mountain, and would have probably made it all the way to the top if they hadn’t been attacked by a bear. They spent three days and nights on the uppermost branches of a giant spruce, until their fathers found them and drove the bear off. As punishment, for that little escapade they were forbidden from seeing each other for six months. 
‘Hatterbram hit the roof after you went missing last night,’ Matt had joined the Order on the same day as Petr, stubbornly refusing to be parted from his friend even though his father wanted him to stay working in the family tannery.
‘What did he say?’
‘He mentioned something about excommunication. And then something about the naval yard in Perlow, when he gets his hands on you. Oh yes, there was also something about having you jailed for defaming the College, but only if you turn up with that gypsy whore. His words, not mine.’
‘That sounds just about right. Anything else?’
‘Nothing much really. Brother Tatilas tried to fight your corner, but Hatterbram was having none of it. It was Tatilas’ idea to let me take Bess here and go looking for you,’ Matt rubbed the old mare’s ear, ‘Don’t think Hatterbram knows. Tatilas took me aside, if you know what I mean. Said if anyone could find you, it would be me. And what do you know, he was right! A bit of an old fart, but a good judge of character, is old Tatilas.’ Matt’s grin widened.
‘You always were a bit of a bloodhound.’ 
‘Woof-Woof! Careful now, this cur bites.’ 
Huff started a low rumbling growl.
‘Easy Huff. Matt for Petr,’ Petr whispered over his shoulder.
‘Mumbling to yourself now,’ chided Matt, ‘apparently that’s one of the first signs of lunacy.’
‘Going out of my mind is the least of my worries at the moment. Now shove up and make room,’ Petr took the offered hand, placed his foot into the stirrup and pulled himself up behind Matt on the horse. 
Matt turned Bess on the road and they started the slow trek back to Haverbrook. 
***
It was mid afternoon, and a gentle breeze offered cooling respite from the Sun’s hot rays. Petr hid his inner turmoil from Matt and continued with his normal friendly banter. Huff had curled up into a ball inside Petr’s hood and was sleeping. Evening crept slowly in, and the sky was darkening when they finally trotted through the gates of the college and up the, tree-lined, drive to the main buildings. 
Hatterbram stood waiting on the steps at the main door with hands on hips and a face like rolling thunder. ‘So you’ve returned.’ he said. ‘And, if it’s not too much to ask, Initiate…exactly where were you?’
Petr slipped down from the horse’s back and stood in front of the Dekan, ‘Just saying goodbye to some friends, Dekan Hatterbram.’ 
‘Ah, the gypsy girl, I presume.’ Hatterbram sneered. ‘Well at least you’ve had the good sense to come back. Loathe though I am to admit it, you deserve some small credit for that small triumph of spirit over flesh.’ 
‘I’m sorry to disappoint you, but I’m afraid, I won’t be staying for long,’ answered Petr.
‘What do you mean by that?’ Rileous’ cheeks instantly flushed red.
‘I’m leaving. It seems my will is not quite up to the standards required, Druid Master. I’ve returned to gather my belongings.’
Rileous grinned and shook his head, ‘I don’t think so, Initiate.’
A stranger appeared at the main door of the college wearing the uniform of the naval conscription service.
‘This is Captain Wilkan. As luck would have it he was in the area looking for conscripts. I’ve already signed your service papers, as is my right as your mentor,’ Rileous smiled manically, his eyes filled with hate. ‘I’m afraid you won’t be seeing her again, Initiate! Well, at least, not for two years, or so,’ he laughed. ‘And, with any luck, by that time she’ll be long gone.’ 
‘You can’t do this!’ Petr looked shocked.
‘But I already have, Initiate. Come now, two years isn’t very long to wait measured against a whole lifetime. Hopefully this will afford you the time that you so badly need to get some sense into that obstinate head of yours. Did you really think that I would stand idly by and let you besmirch the good name of this Order?’ Rileous shook his head and grinned, ‘Not now, not ever, boy!’ He leaned forward and whispered into Petr’s ear, ‘I’d see you dead first!’ ‘You see, boy...that’s how much I love, the Order.’
Petr felt Huff jump out of his hood and scamper away. He turned and looked up at Matt pleadingly.
‘I had no idea, Petr, I promise,’ Matt looked just as shocked as Petr.
‘Brother Tatilus!’ Hatterbram called over his shoulder into the college foyer.
Tatilus came out holding a satchel. It was obvious from his downcast face that he was not happy at being a party to the proceedings. He walked to Petr and hugged him, ‘I’ve put some food in the satchel for you, Petr. It will be a long trip to Perlow.’
‘This can’t be happening, Brother, he’s got no right!’
Tatilus pulled away, ‘Sadly, he does. Go with the Light, young Cravish, and may the gods protect you always. He turned and walked back into the college.
Petr started to back away, ‘This can’t be happening.’
‘That’s part of your problem, boy. You never want to face the truth, do you?’ Rileous gloated.
‘You can’t force me...you can’t force me!’ Petr stepped further back.
‘Yes we can, son,’ said Captain Wilkan. ‘The Dekan has the right, under Council law, to pass judgement upon Council members for any crimes committed under his jurisdiction. It’s all legal and above board. You are now officially conscripted into His Imperial Majesty’s Navy for a period of two years. Unless, of course, there’s a war, between then and now, which would see you serve ‘til its conclusion,’ he laughed.
Petr’s face was ashen, ‘This can’t be happening,’ he shook his head as he continued to take backward steps.
Petr turned to run but slammed into two sailors who were standing just behind him. They grabbed Petr’s arms and held him tight.
Rileous laughed. ‘No point fighting it, boy, just accept your lot, like a man, and be done. And here’s hoping, you make a better sailor than you have a druid, eh?’ 
‘You don’t understand...she needs me!’ Petr squirmed against the strong hands holding him captive.
‘That’s what all young men in love think. But there are a lot of pretty faces in the many ports of the Crown. Believe me, you’ll soon forget her, son,’ the captain winked.
‘It’s not like that...you don’t understand, I must--,’ Petr kicked and turned, and managed to free one of his arms. He elbowed one of the sailors into the face, knocking him down. Then turned and punched the second sailor and sent him crashing down beside his companion. Just as he was about to take flight a painful blow to the back of his head made the world spin, and he slumped to the ground in a heap. Petr looked up and saw the captain standing over him, holding a small wooden club. It felt as though he was falling down a deep well. The pictures and sounds faded to a pinprick before finally winking out, leaving him alone and in complete darkness.
***
‘Hey-ho-hup, me hearties! Hey-ho-hup!’
Petr groaned as his senses returned. His head ached and his mouth tasted of blood. He tried to open his eyes but they refused to obey his commands, so he lay where he was and allowed his body come around in its own good time.
‘Hup, now, hup!’	
He was lying on the bed of a wagon. He could feel the rumble of the wheels and the rocking of the chassis on the hard-baked clay of the road.
‘Get along, hup!’
One of his eyelids opened a crack but clamped shut again as an intense blast of sunlight scorched his retina.
‘Hey-ho-hup, me hearties! Hey-ho-hup!’ sang the wagon driver again, encouraging his team of mules to step on.
A violent shudder ran through the wagon making Petr roll and bump into the side wall. His eyes finally opened and he sat up. It was early morning, he could tell by the cool freshness of the air. There were five other men inside the fully enclosed wagon with him; they sat sleeping on wooden benches attached to either wall. Wooden walls prevented escape, the barred window in the door at the far end of the box was the only source of light. Rubbing his head he felt a lump, evidence of the blow that had knocked him senseless. His satchel lay discarded in the corner and looked as though it had been rifled through. On inspection Petr found that most of the food was gone. 
‘The sailors robbed you while you were insensible,’ said a deep voice.
Petr turned to see who had spoken. 
A tall black-haired, dark-eyed, man leaned forward in his seat so that his face entered the beam of light shining through the window. His garishly large hook-nose had past-times been broken and badly reset. A large golden hoop dangled from his left ear. ‘I’m Kassim,’ he offered his hand to Petr.
Petr took the offered hand and Kassim pulled him up from the floor to sit beside him, ‘I’m Petr.’
‘Good to know you. Where’d they catch you?’
‘My tutor signed me up.’
Kassim snorted, ‘That was nice of him.’
‘What about you? Why did you join?’ asked Petr.
‘Join--?’ Kassim laughed, ‘I was Pressed, just like the rest here.’
‘Pressed?’
‘Press-ganged. Forced to join against my will. They do it whenever the recruiting drive lacks...recruits. They get a silver Crownhead for every man they bring back to the ship. So it makes them very...motivated…when it comes to rounding up volunteers.’
‘Is that legal?’ 
‘Ha! Do you think that would stop them? Anyway, the law’s blind, when it serves the Crown’s interest. And we are all...assets, of the state. No, wait, that’s not quite correct, an asset is something of value,’ Kassim thought for a moment, ‘I think chattel is, perhaps, a better word.’ 
Petr suddenly remembered the phial and shoved a hand into his hip bag. It was empty.
Kassim looked at Petr, ‘It was the sailor with the black eye. He took it after dropping you in here yesterday, I saw him. Then he punched you again for good measure. The man’s a coward,’ Kassim snarled.
‘Damn it,’ Petr leaned forward placed his elbows on his knees and held his head in his hands.
‘Its value, it was more than monetary, I take?’ asked Kassim.
‘Much more...it was...a dying man’s gift.’
‘A sacred gift indeed,’ Kassim agreed. ‘What will you do?’
‘Get it back.’
‘Ha, good! You’ve got spirit, my friend. I like you. And, I will help you when the time comes.’
Petr looked at Kassim, ‘Thanks.’
‘There are no thanks to be given. We can help each other. I have no interest in seeing the inside or outside of a ship. So the first chance I get, I’ll be saying goodbye to our sailor friends. And since two have a much better chance than one, I am more than happy to help you in your quest if you will help me in mine,’ Kassim spat into his hand and offered it to Petr to seal the bargain.
Petr grabbed hold and shook.
‘Good. We’ll strike when the opportunity presents. Until then we are as meek as field-mice, agreed?’ said Kassim.
‘Agreed!’ affirmed Petr. 
‘Now take these, they are for you,’ Kassim handed Petr a parcel of clothes held together by twine. ‘A present from His Majesty the King. A nice clean sailor suit just for you. There are boots in the corner over there,’ he pointed to a large bag, ‘pick out the nearest fit. Don’t expect comfort, my friend, the Kings generosity only stretches so far.’
‘Don’t care how uncomfortable they are, they beat sandals by a mile.’
***
It was about noon when the wagon came to a halt. After a few moments the door was opened allowing the morning Sun to fill the entire interior. The conscripts, unused to the brightness, squinted against the sudden light.
‘Come on you lot, out you get and stretch your legs!’ said the sailor with the black eye. He tapped a long wooden truncheon against his open palm, ‘Do your business while you can. We move again, and soon, so be quick about it!’
Petr eyed him closely as he stepped through the door. The man’s skin was pallid and mottled. Sparse greasy-blond hair formed a thin ponytail at the back of his head and his narrow-bridged nose had a left favouring tilt. But it was the eyes that caught Petr’s attention most. Piercing and cold, storm-grey, with a manic intensity hard to dismiss. Petr also spied the clay bottle hanging from a dun coloured cord, just inside the sailor’s shirt-collar. 
‘Eye me again, boy, and I’ll double the size of that lump on the back of your noggin,’ he snarled at Petr.
Petr said nothing as he walked past. A portion of bread and cheese was distributed to each of the recruits, and they could fill their cups from a water sack, hanging from the side of the driver’s seat, as many times as they wished. There were three guards watching them as they ate. Each carried a long truncheon and short-sword.
One of the guards sauntered over to where Petr and Kassim were sitting.
‘How’s the head?’ he grinned.
‘It’s been better. Feels twice its normal size,’ answered Petr, rubbing the lump at the back of his head.
‘That’ll teach you for lashing out like that. You have a fair punch on you for a young lad,’ he smiled and rubbed his chin.
‘Were you one of the sailors behind me?’
‘I was. Caught me nicely, you did, square on the chin. And I knows how to take a punch or two. My name’s Sem.’
‘It wasn’t personal, Sem.’
‘Ack, I know that, lad, and there’s no gripe, far as I’m concerned. Now, Grinly, is another matter altogether,’ the sailor stared over at the man with the black eye. ‘He holds a grudge like no-one you’ve ever met. So best steer clear if you know what's best for you.’
‘Thanks for the warning. I’ll keep an eye on him.’
‘Best you do, lad. Here, these are yours. I got them back for you,’ he handed Petr a small bag, inside were Petr’s personal belongings and the food that Tatilus had packed for him.
‘There was a small brown phial too, it was a gift,’ Petr lied.
‘Aye, Grinly has it. Thinks it’s some sort of magic potion, far as I know. Think he plans on selling it in Perlow. Best if you consider it lost and put it out of your mind. It was hard enough getting this lot back without causing a fight.’
Petr nodded, ‘Thanks Sem.’
‘No chore. Now remember what I said about Grinly,’ he winked and walked away.
‘Not a bad fellow,’ said Kassim.
‘That was decent of him alright,’ agreed Petr.
Petr stuffed the contents of the bag back into his satchel and closed the cover. 
‘Alright you lot, time to get back aboard! We’ve a long ways to go yet before we reach Perlow,’ shouted Grinly, slapping the truncheon against the side of the wagon for effect.
As Petr mounted the steps of the wagon he caught a glimpse of the cord around the sailor’s neck. Grinly placed the tip of the truncheon in the small of Petr’s back and pushed hard, pitching the young druid head first through the door. Petr turned and glared. Grinly chuckled as he closed the door and locked it. A few moments more and the wagon lurched forward again.
***
They spent most of the rest of the day playing cards as the wagon trundled along. Not for money, of course, as they had precious little after the guards had emptied their pockets when they were taken. They played, instead, with small pieces of straw gleaned from the floor of the wagon and divided up into smaller flecks. By nightfall Kassim had the biggest pile of straw bits in front of him.
‘Ha, I win again!’ Kassim laughed, throwing down his cards and scooping up the little mound of straw in the middle of the circle of men.
‘What will you do with all your winnings,’ asked Hanri Glaxon, a round-faced farm hand with friendly eyes.
‘Don’t rightly know, my friend. Some, I can use to buy my freedom. And this!’ he picked up a handful of straw bits, ‘I will use to have a good time in Perlow. You’re all invited, by the way. The rest, well, who knows!’ he shrugged. ‘I might buy a ship and start my own navy,’ he laughed. ‘Any volunteers?’
‘Definitely not,’ Petr smiled and shook his head.
The wagon stopped moving and the door opened. Grinly stood outside, truncheon in hand, ‘Out you get!’ he shouted.
Once outside, Petr sucked in the cool fresh air and looked around. They were close to a forest. It was no more than a hundred paces from the road, but they would have to cross open grassland to get to it.
Kassim walked up beside him, ‘Yes, it’s manageable.’ Kassim had guessed what was going through Petr’s mind. ‘But best to wait for nightfall. The guards have crossbows. I don’t know about you, but I, for one, would certainly have trouble outrunning a bolt. At night we’ll have a better chance.’
‘Fair point. But I need to get that bottle before we go.’
‘Is it worth dying for?’ asked Kassim.
Petr looked at him, ‘Yes, in a way.’
‘You are a man of mystery, my young friend. Okay, we’ll get your trinket when chance provides.’
‘Come on, you two, split up, and find some dry-wood for a fire,’ Grinly shouted, ‘if you want to eat tonight!’
As Petr gathered wood for the fire he walked close to a bramble bush. The thin branches parted, ‘Huff for Perter,’ came a small whispered voice.
Petr looked closely and saw the small man-thing hiding behind the leaves. ‘Huff, how did you get here?’ 
‘Huff hang,’ his small hand pointed at the axle of the wagon.
‘It’s so good to see you,’ Petr couldn’t stop a smile.
‘Huff for Perter,’ said the little creature as if to return the sentiment.
Petr removed his satchel and placed it on the ground in front of the bush. ‘Get inside, and be quick.’ 
‘Huff hide,’ acknowledged the little creature as he became invisible.
The leaves parted and Petr could feel the little man-thing climb into the satchel. He closed the flap and put the satchel back over his shoulders. Glancing furtively about he was relieved to find that no-one seemed to have noticed. 
***
After a supper of sliced bacon, bread, and cheese, the group settled down for the night. The hours ticked slowly by. Grinly had the last watch. Kassim tapped Petr’s shoulder as the guard's changed, ‘Be ready to move when I do,’ he whispered.
Petr nodded and gently pulled his satchel closer. Grinly took the crossbow and walked out towards the edge of the campsite, Kassim stood and nudged Petr. The two men crept silently through a tangle of sleeping bodies and hid behind the wagon. As Grinly passed Kassim stood, grabbed him from behind and dragged him into the wagon’s shadow. A swift punch ended Grinly's struggles. Petr reached for the unconscious man’s shirt and pulled on the cord. The brown bottle plopped out onto the sailor’s chest.
‘Is that it?’ asked Kassim.
‘It is,’ answered Petr leaning forward, removed the phial and placed it into his hip pouch.
‘Time to go, my young friend,’ whispered Kassim.
Staying low the two men quickly headed out into the darkness towards the forest. Shouts came from the camp when they were half way across the grassland strip. Grinly had come too and raised the alarm. Soon crossbow bolts were whizzing past their ears. Grinly was determined to kill them both rather than let them escape. Petr glanced over his shoulder and saw Grinly's outline against the glow of the campfire. He was taking careful aim at Kassim’s back. This time he would not miss.
‘Kassim get down!’ shouted Petr, just as the crossbow twanged and the bolt flew through the air.
Petr jumped at Kassim and knocked him out of the way. The bolt entered Petr’s left shoulder causing him to stumble forward and fall face down onto the grass. The pain was excruciating. Petr gasped for air to help stem the waves of panic and nausea rushing through his body. Kassim ran to his side, dragged him to his feet, and half carried him the last few paces into the protective undergrowth. The shouts from the camp faded, into the distance. After an hour they stopped and rested. Petr was glad to finally stop moving. He felt weak and was losing a lot of blood. Kassim removed Petr’s satchel and examined the wound. The bolt had almost gone right through the shoulder, a bulge in the skin at the front showed where the tip was lodged. 
‘The good news is that it’s a clean flesh-wound,’ said Kassim. 
‘What’s the bad news?’
‘It would cause more damage and pain to pull it out, than shove it through.’
‘What do you mean by shove it through?’ there was a panicky edge to Petr’s voice
‘This!’ Kassim shoved the bolt from behind and the steel head came bursting through the skin. Petr passed out.
When he finally awoke Kassim had finished bandaging the wound using one of Petr’s old shirts, and a tree-moss poultice to draw out any infection.
Kassim smiled, ‘Sorry about that. It had to be done or you’d have bled to death before morn.’
‘A warning would’ve been nice,’ Petr scowled.
‘You would have tensed and caused even more damage as the shaft went through.’
‘I suppose thanks are in order,’ Petr acknowledged.
‘No thanks are required, my young friend. That bolt would have gone into my back if you hadn’t bumped me out of the way. I owe you my life,’ Kassim smiled.
‘Don’t be ridiculous! It was my own stupid fault for stumbling into you in the dark.’
‘I know what happened, Petr, and I saw what you did. My friendship is yours, if you will have it,’ Kassim said in a serious voice.
Petr paused for a moment before nodding, ‘I’d be glad of it.’
‘We should get going as quickly as you can move. The sailors may be combing the woods, and if not, they’re sure to report us to the sheriff at the next town they pass. There’ll probably be a search party here within hours.’
Petr looked a little distracted, ‘Can you give me a moment alone please, Kassim?’
Kassim looked confused but nodded, ‘Of course. But don’t take too long.’
As Kassim walked away out of earshot Petr looked left and right for Huff. There was no sign of the little fellow anywhere. ‘Huff, are you here? 
There was a rustle to Petr’s right. ‘Huff here, Perter.’ the little man-thing announced as he stepped out of the undergrowth.
Petr held the satchel open, ‘Quickly get inside,’ Huff scrambled in.
Petr gingerly stood and threw the satchel over his good shoulder. Kassim had bandaged his wounded arm so that it could not be moved and had tied to his chest, completely immobilising it.
The tall gypsy saw the young druid struggling to place the satchel over his shoulder and grabbed hold, ‘I’ll take that.’ As he threw it over his own shoulder. Huff growled at the rough treatment causing Kassim to drop the bag in fright.
‘Easy, Kassim!’ cried Petr. ‘There’s nothing to fear,’ Petr reached down for the satchel and pulled it close to his side. ‘I’d like you to meet someone,’ Petr gently opened the satchel’s flap.
‘What do you mean?’ asked a baffled Kassim.
‘Huff, show yourself to Kassim. 
‘Kaasseem for Perter?’ asked a disembodied voice.
Kassim took two steps backwards at the sound.
Petr smiled, ‘Yes, Kassim for Perter, and Kassim for Huff.’
‘Kaasseem for Huff,’ said the disembodied voice quickly followed by a succession of little claps. Huff slowly materialised. 
Kassim’s mouth hung open at the sight, ‘It’s a Tolluk, by all that’s sacred,’ laughed Kassim.
‘You know what it is?’ 
‘Yes, all gypsies know of the Nether-folk. 
‘You’re gypsy?’
‘Yes I am. Does it make a difference?’ Kassim looked close to being offended.
‘It does, but not in the way that you’re thinking. It makes me very happy.’
Kassim laughed, ‘You are indeed a strange one. There are many unanswered questions hanging over your head. But if the Tolluk is by your side it can only be for the good, for they abhor creatures of evil.’
Kassim knelt closer to Huff and held out his hand. ‘It’s good to meet you, Huff.’
Huff placed his small hand in Kassim’s, ‘Huff for Kaasseem!’





Ch 3:
By morning they were miles from the pressgang’s campsite. Petr’s arm throbbed with pain, but he endured in silence and continued on. By afternoon they came out of the far end of the forest and found the road again. The road made for easier travel, and the miles slipped easily by. It was evening when the sound of an approaching horse made them dive for cover amongst a group of densely packed gorse bushes by the side of the road. The horse came into view ridden by a red-haired youth with ruddy cheeks. 
Petr smiled and stood up when he recognised Matt’s face, ‘You’re a bit off course, Matt Turnil. Havenbrook’s in the opposite direction,’ he cheerily announced.
Matt almost fell from the horse with fright as Petr suddenly emerged from the bush, ‘What in the Light are you doing here? By rights you should be close to Perlow by now.’ 
‘We didn’t fancy a boat trip, so we sort of...left,’ Petr grinned.
‘Who’s we?’
‘That would be me and Huff here,’ Kassim stood up and showed himself. Huff was visible and half out of the satchel on his back.
‘Matt for Perter!’ exclaimed Huff pointing at Matt.
This time Matt did fall backwards, off the horse, in shock and landed with a thump on the ground. Bess moved slowly away and started cropping the grass on the verge. 
Petr ran to Matt’s side and knelt down beside him, ‘Are you okay?’
Matt sat up and rubbed his sore head. ‘I’ll be fine, just as soon as I come to my senses. I’m starting to hallucinate. For a moment there I thought there was an Ogre on your friend’s shoulder. I must be losing my marbles!’ he shook his head.
‘Not Ogre, just Huff,’ announced Huff suddenly peering around Petr’s shoulder.
Matt screamed and scrambled to get away, ‘It is an Ogre, watch out!’
Petr grabbed hold of Matt’s leg, ‘Easy Matt…Huff’s a friend. He won’t harm you.’
Matt looked decidedly unconvinced, but, nonetheless, stopped trying to scurry away. 
Huff stuck out his small hand to Matt, ‘Matt for Perter,’ he announced.
Matt slowly and hesitantly offered his own hand and took hold of Huff’s.
Huff purred, ‘Matt for Perter,’ he announced again, smiled and nodded.
‘Pleased to meet you indeed,’ said Matt, cautiously shaking Huff’s hand.
‘And I’m Kassim,’ Kassim stood beside Petr.
Matt nodded, ‘Good to meet you too,’ still looking a trifle befuddled.

They made camp in a covered dell far from the road to give Matt a chance to recover from his fall. The warmth of the small fire helped to ease the tensions of the day and they soon relaxed. Petr told of their escape from the pressgang. Matt explained how he’d taken Bess and escaped the College, intending to join up with Petr at Perlow and sign on at the same ship.
‘So what do we do now? If we go back, Hatterbram will surely have us arrested,’ said Matt.
‘I’m not going back,’ announced Petr.
‘You’re going after Jenna, aren’t you?’ said Matt.
Petr slowly nodded, ‘Yes I am.’
‘Her father was just as unhappy about your budding romance, what makes you think he won’t break you in two the minute he sees you?’ asked Matt.
‘Because he’s dead,’ Petr announced in a flat tone.
There was a long silence in the campsite before Petr continued. He told them of the events leading up to Jenna’s kidnapping and the death of her father. He told them every detail, leaving nothing out. Matt sat listening with a look of shock on his face. 
When Petr finally finished Matt just shook his head, ‘Creatures with yellow eyes…a boar-man…vanishing wagons. I’ve got to be honest, you’ve got me worried, Petr. I’m not sure which of us needs the head-check. Before you know it you’ll be off catching Sprites.’
‘Then how do you explain Huff?’ asked Petr.
‘Good point...I can’t. Unless this is all a bad dream, and I’m soon to wake up in my bed at home.’
‘There is much that is unknown, and unseen, by the human world. I know of these creatures. They come from a place beyond the borders of this plane of existence,’ said Kassim.
‘The land of ghouls and spectres, no doubt,’ snorted Matt. ‘I stopped believing in all that stuff a long time ago, thank you very much.’
‘Then learn to believe again, before ignorance leads you to death!’ hissed Kassim. ‘It is real! And the creatures that live there are real! For many centuries my people have guarded the doors to Netherworld, protecting this world from the dangers contained within. Beings of great malevolence and dark power lurk there, and you’d best pray that they never get out! Because, if they ever do, it would mean the end for all!’ 
Matt swallowed hard but said nothing.
Petr glanced across at his old friend, ‘I don’t expect you to understand, Matt. All I really need from you is your word that you’ll told your tongue when you return to Haverbrook.’
‘Return? What…and miss out on all this excitement? Not in seven lifetimes! Where you go, I go. That’s the way it’s always been, and that’s the way it always will be!’ Matt crossed his arms and stuck his chin out.
Huff mimicked Matt’s actions and stuck out his oversized chin as well, ‘Matt for Perter!’ he suddenly announced.
Matt smiled at the antics of the funny little creature, ‘Yes, Huff…Matt for Perter. And Matt’s coming along, danger or no!’ Matt looked defiantly over at Petr, ready to counter any argument. But there was none. Petr slowly nodded his acquiescence.
‘And the direction?’ asked Kassim.
‘To Blackfriars, and Blind Meg. After that, who knows,’ Petr threw another stick onto the fire and watched the sparks float on the gentle breeze. His thoughts were suddenly for Jenna. His heart, heavy as he lay back to sleep. A sleep not easily found.

It was cold. Heavy mist covered the land blocking the morning Sun’s heat. They were close to the foothills of the mountains. The mountain road would be arduous, but would reduce the trip by at least a day. It was an easy decision. A dense forest of fir marked the boundary between lowlands and the start of the foothills of the Kaledon Mountains. Once inside the sea of green, Petr started to relax knowing the dense foliage would hamper pursuit. A trickle of cold sweat dripped down the centre of his back. He was running a slight temperature, but felt excited to be finally heading in the right direction. By midday, the sweat-beads had formed into droplets that rolled, with increasing regularity, down the sides of his pale face. They camped that night close to a small stream. Matt was well provisioned, so they eat heartily while Petr sat shivering close to the fire.
 Kassim noticed his grey pallor and sat beside him to check on his injured shoulder, ‘Let me see that wound.’
‘Its fine,’ announced Petr.
‘I’ll be the judge, if you don’t mind,’ Kassim removed Petr’s coat and untied the blood-soaked bandages.
The wound was an angry red, with flecks of green around the edges.
‘What happened to the poultice, I placed over the wound?’ asked Kassim rather sternly.
‘I removed it last night.’
‘Why, in the Light, did you do that?’ Kassim’s voice rumbled with irritation.
‘The itch was driving me mad, I couldn’t sleep.’
‘You fool! The itch meant that the poultice was working, that your wound was healing,’ growled Kassim. ‘Now it has become infected!’
‘What does that mean, can you heal him?’ asked Matt looking concerned.
‘I’ll try, but if the infection spreads to the blood...’ he trailed off.
‘What?’ Matt persisted.
‘Then it will be beyond my abilities,’ he finished sombrely.
Kassim remade the moss poultice and replaced the dirty bandages with fresh ones. Afterwards Petr slept fitfully. Kassim stayed by his side throughout the night. By morning Petr looked worse than the night before, his temperature had soared and sweat drenched his body. 
Matt took Kassim aside, ‘He’s getting weaker. He needs medicine and a proper doctor, and we’re miles from help.’
Kassim thought for a moment, ‘There are gypsies on the far side of the mountain. We’ll find a healer there. It’s his only hope.’
‘No! He needs real medicine! Not some gypsy shaman’s magic potion!’ Matt snarled harshly.  
‘You show your ignorance again, my young friend. But I will forgive it, this time, for Petr’s sake!’ Kassim’s eyes blazed with fury. ‘The old ways are more powerful than you, or your kind will ever know. My people are shunned by the Settled…considered low and of little value. But I tell you this, we remember the power of the old ways, and we still know how to use it. We’ll take him to the healer!’ he stepped away from Matt and started packing up.
Matt felt anger rising in his chest and would have continued the argument, but he knew, deep down, that Kassim was right. Petr needed help, and since a gypsy healer was better than no healer at all, he decided to keep his mouth shut. He walked over to Bess and started to saddle her. The barking howl of a bloodhound suddenly shattered the serenity of the early morning quiet. They were being tracked.

Grinly’s bruised eye had turned from black to a garish purple. He hated Petr, and for as little a reason as elbowing him into the face while trying to escape on that first day. He hated Kassim for knocking him out the night they had both escaped.  Myram Grinly was a man filled, to overflow, with hate. He wanted revenge, and he wanted it so badly that it filled his every waking moment. Wilf Bramshaw was the Hedly town sheriff, leading the team of trackers pursuing the escaped men. Hedly was the first town that the pressgang had come to after the escape. Grinly insisted on reporting the escapees and in helping in the search while the other sailors continued on to Perlow with the rest of the recruits. In truth, they were glad to be free of Grinly’s venomous bile, and openly encouraged him to help with the search.
The bloodhounds were straining at the leash, howling with excitement. They’d found the scent trail.
‘Thar ya go, Sheriff. I told ya my babies would find ‘em,’ the wild-eyed handler looked almost as excitable as his dogs.
‘Well done, Henrik. You done a good job,’ nodded the sheriff.
Henrik turned back to his two dogs, he was grinning from ear to ear like a fool, ‘Go on Hammer! Go on Anvil! Show us the way,’ he encouraged. 
Three deputies followed close behind, just in case the escapees broke cover.
‘Looks like they’re heading onto the mountain,’ Bramshaw surmised.
‘They can climb the highest peak, or scamper down the lowest hole into the bowels of the earth, it won’t do no good! I’ll find ‘em, in the end!’ Grinly snarled.
Bramshaw looked at Grinly on hearing the bitterness of his words. ‘Well now, there’s the question of jurisdiction, you see, and mine only stretches to the far side of the mountain.’
Grinly looked steely eyed, ‘Ya...well mine don’t!  An’ I’ll follow ‘em all the way to the latch on Hell’s Gate if I have to.’
The forest was closing in, and its thick undergrowth slowed the searchers. The dogs were howling louder as the scent grew stronger. Grinly’s smile was cold and unforgiving - he would have his revenge.


It didn’t take long to pack the provisions and abandon the campsite. Kassim lead the way through the trees followed closely by Petr. Matt lead Bess at the rear of the group. The ground was starting to incline the closer to the mountain they got, and they would soon have to leave the protective cover offered by the forest. 
Kassim came to an abrupt halt where the trees finally ended. He turned to Petr and Matt. ‘It’s open ground ahead, we won’t make it, those dogs are too close.’
‘We can’t just stand here like fools, we have to try!’ Matt protested.
‘There’s a better way,’ said Kassim. ‘They won’t have your scent, Matt. In fact they won’t even know that you’re with us.’
‘What good is that? They’ll know just as soon as they catch up!’ argued Matt.
Kassim removed Petr’s old bloodstained bandage from his pocket, ‘I kept this just in case,’ he tied it around his ankle, allowing the bandage to trail along the ground behind him. ‘Help Petr onto the horse’s back and continue on up the trail. There’s a cave about two miles ahead, up a ravine to the left, I’ll meet you there.’
‘What are you going to do?’ asked Petr.
‘I’ll lead them on a rabbit chase, for a bit. When the hounds reach this point they’ll be confused. Matt’s scent will carry on up the mountain, but ours,’ he lifted the leg with the bandage around it to show them, ‘will veer to the right and head back down.’
Matt nodded, ‘Very clever.’
‘Hurry now, they’ll be here soon. You must be out of sight if this is to work,’ said Kassim.
Matt helped Petr up onto the saddle and turned to say goodbye, but Kassim was already gone. The branches of the bushes to the right of the trail waved where he had pushed through. Matt lead Bess out onto the open ground and jogged up the incline towards the middle reaches of the mountain. An hour later they crested a ridge that hid them from view from the forest below. There was no sign of pursuit, they had made it. Kassim ran for miles through the forest. Making sure to cross and re-cross his trail as much as was possible, knowing that it would confuse the dogs and throw off the pursuit.
The search party reached the edge of the forest just after Matt and Petr had crested the ridge far above. The confused dogs trotted in circles sniffing the ground.
 Sheriff Bramshaw turned to the dog handler, ‘What’s wrong with the dogs, Henrik?’
‘Give ‘em a mo’, Wilf, the trail’s a bit confusing here. Seems like there’s other traffic come this way, by the look of them horse tracks.’
‘If they’d found horses we’d have lost their trail by now,’ added Grinly.
‘Could be some other traveller. This trail’s used frequent enough,’ said Bramshaw.
Just then the dogs darted to the right, they had found Kassim’s false trail.
‘Here we go! Told you they just needed a mo’,’ Henrik grinned over his shoulder as the dogs pulled him into the undergrowth.
‘Why would they turn right, that don’t make sense,’ Grinly frowned.
‘Probably didn’t want to be caught in the open…we must be close,’ said Bramshaw, walking after the dog handler.
Grinly stared up at the mountain-top, ‘I hope you’re right, Sheriff,’ then he ran after the sheriff’s retreating back.
As night approached the exhausted search party finally came to a confused halt. They had spent the whole day going in aimless circles.
‘That’s it…I’m not going another step!’ complained Grinly. ‘We’ve been had for mugs. This trail just goes in circles.’
‘Aye, it looks that way now,’ nodded Bramshaw, ‘but we couldn’t be sure at the time.
‘You can’t blame the dogs, Wilf. They follow where the trail leads. We been outsmarted, fair and simple,’ Henrik looked suitably embarrassed. ‘So what do we do now?’
‘We should make for the mountain trail. It’s obvious now, that’s where they were heading all along!’ snapped Grinly.
Bramshaw looked towards the darkening sky, ‘Light’s fading fast. We’ll set up camp and continue tomorrow.’
‘And waste a whole night down here while they’re crossing the mountain! Is that what you’re saying?’ Grinly's anger was rising.
‘They have to sleep too, sailor! We won’t lose that much in the end. And besides, I don’t intend climbing that mountain at night, it’s too dangerous.’
‘This is preposterous! If you haven’t got the stomach for the job then just admit it, Bramshaw! I can lead the search myself if I have to!’ Grinly stood eye to eye with the sheriff.
‘Then you’ll have a search party of just one. These men follow my commands. And if I say we camp for the night then camp is exactly what we do!’ Bramshaw’s voice pitch was low and filled with threat.
‘This will go into my report to the Admiralty when I return!’ Grinly snarled.
‘If you feel it’s necessary to continue, then be my guest! But while I lead there will be no unwarranted risks taken! Is that clear?’ Bramshaw’s voice rose almost to a shout to emphasise the point. 
Grinly's resolve quickly faded. He reluctantly nodded and backed away, ‘You’re right of course... A night climb would be a risky endeavour,’ he begrudgingly acknowledged.  ‘We’ll set camp for tonight and set off again at first light.’
‘Splendid,’ Bramshaw’s smile did little to mask his growing contempt for the pale-skinned sailor.
Darkness fell quickly. The tired men sat quietly around a crackling fire, eating cold rations. Few words were passed. It had been a day of disappointment.

It was late when Kassim finally entered the cave. He looked exhausted. Matt fried some of the sliced bacon, from his pack, with onions and beans. Kassim gratefully accepted the food and wolfed it down in seconds. When he’d finished he sat silently staring back out the cave opening without speaking. Petr was sleeping, wrapped in Matt’s blankets with Huff curled into a ball at his back.
‘It was brave of you,’ Matt finally said.
Kassim looked over at Matt, ‘No more than he deserved,’ he nodded towards Petr’s sleeping frame. ‘That bolt would have skewered me but for him.’
‘We haven’t really gotten off to a good start, you and me,’ Matt looked thoughtful.
Kassim shrugged, ‘I’m used to such treatment. It rankles less with time. 
‘I was quick to judge. I was wrong. It was too much all at once, you see. Can we...begin again?’ Matt looked abashed.
Kassim snorted and smiled, ‘It’s good to clear the ground. Yes...a new beginning is always welcome.’ 
Matt smiled too with relief, ‘How did the chase go?’
‘It went well. They ran in large circles for a long time before realising the error. It was hard, at times, not to laugh out loud,’ Kassim half smiled.
Matt thought for a moment, ‘Will we be safe here?’
‘Yes…for some hours, at least. They’ll not chance the mountain at night. I watched their campsite for an hour before coming here. They looked tired and defeated,’ chuckled Kassim.
Matt looked over at Petr, ‘Will he make it?’
Kassim sighed, ‘It will be close. At best he may lose the arm,’
‘And at worst?’
Kassim looked forlornly at Petr, ‘We’ll not let it get to that.’ 
‘You have great faith in this...healer…don’t you?’ said Matt
‘She’s one of the best, with many years of experience. But we must get there before the infection enters the blood.’
‘How long do we have before it becomes too late?’
‘That depends on the condition of the wound. If we keep it clean and change the dressing regularly we may get as much as two days before it becomes critical.’
‘And how far is it to the healer?’
Kassim looked at Matt, ‘Two days,’ he said quietly. ‘We’ll rest for an hour and then break camp. Time is against us.’
‘But it’s pitch-black out there. How will we see the trail?’
‘I know the mountain well. I’ve travelled it at night before, when the need was great.’
‘Exactly how well do you know it? I really don’t relish the thought of stepping over the edge, or breaking my leg in a rabbit hole.’
‘Well enough to know when to go and when to stop for the night. The trail’s not dangerous on this side, but on the other, we’ll have to be a little more...cautious.’
Matt looked at Petr again, ‘We could always go back. There must be a doctor in one of the towns nearby.’
‘It would mean prison for us, and after the time was served, deportation to some godforsaken hole on the borders of the realm. You might as well kill him now and save all that suffering for the same outcome.’
‘When you put it like that it becomes clear. We really don’t have a choice, do we? If we go on, he may die quickly. If we go back he’ll die slowly…and in chains, most likely.’
‘So what’s it to be?’ asked Kassim.
‘We go on,’ shrugged Matt.
‘Get some rest if you can. I’ll wake you in an hour,’ said Kassim. Then he lay back and curled up. After a few minutes he was snoring softly.
Matt stared into the flames of the fire. Petr slept fitfully, his body sweat-drenched and pain-racked. Matt lay back and closed his eyes, mouthing a silent prayer for his friend’s life. At first sleep eluded him, but the exertions of the day finally caught up and he slipped into a dreamless slumber.

Matt felt as though he had only just closed his eyes when Kassim shook him awake.
‘It’s time, we must go now!’ Kassim whispered.
Matt opened one bleary eye and rolled onto his side, ‘Is it an hour already?’
‘And more…get up, we’re leaving now.’
Matt sat up and looked around. Petr was already sitting on Bess. Huff’s head was sticking out of the satchel on Kassim’s back, as he led the horse out of the cave. Matt warmed his hands on the dying fire one last time, shoved them under his armpits to warm himself, and reluctantly shuffled after the others. It was cold and dark outside the cave. Kassim expertly led them through the gloom and onto the slopes of the mountain. He was true to his word and navigated the trail as though it was day instead of night. As the Sun rose they reached the summit and were making their way through the pass to the other side. By midday they stood on the peak at the far side of the mountain. A narrow dirt-road wandered back and forth all the way to the bottom before disappearing into a large dark forest far below.
‘You did it, Kassim! You got us through,’ Matt smiled. 
‘I will only rejoice when we’ve reached the healer and Petr’s on the mend.’ 
Petr was slumped over in the saddle, eyes closed and ashen faced, his head resting against the horse’s neck. Kassim lead the horse onto the dirt-track and started the perilous climb down.
Matt looked back up the pass and was glad to see it was still empty. Satisfied, he turned and followed the others down the winding trail. By day’s close they were entering the forest on the far side of the mountain, and there was still no sign of their pursuers.

The search party broke camp at first light. Grinly was still in foul humour after the altercation with Bramshaw the day before. After a short search the dogs finally found Kassim’s scent leading up the mountain. They howled and strained against their leashes, easily pulling the light-boned Henrik along behind them.
‘They found the trail again, Sheriff,’ acknowledged the handler.
‘Ten hours late! How very proficient!’ Grinly scowled.
Henrik shot him a quick angry look before continuing on with the search.
It took an hour to find the cave, and another hour to search the surrounding area. Grinly’s bad humour was getting worse by the minute as the time ticked by. It was early evening when they reached the pass that crossed the top of the mountain and late evening when they reached the far side. They stood in the failing light looking down at the valley below.
‘They come this way alright, my babies are eager to be after ‘em,’ offered Henrik, struggling to control the two hounds.
‘There’s no sign of them on the road down,’ said Bramshaw shielding his eyes against the setting Sun.
‘What are we waiting for now? Let’s get going!’ Grinly snapped.
‘Now just wait one minute, sailor. You see that tree-line down there. Well that marks the end of my area of responsibility. Now looking down there onto the trail it’s plain for all to see that we’re too late. This chase is over, they’ve beaten us. Now if you don’t mind, it’s a long way back to Hedly from here,’ Bramshaw turned to walk away.
‘That’s it! You’re just going to give up!’ whined Grinly.
‘We’ve done our duty by you, mister. And more than you deserve if truth be told,’ growled Bramshaw.
‘This is all your fault!’ Grinly pointed at the sheriff. ‘You’ve held back all through the chase. Why’s that? It’s almost as though you wanted them to escape!’
‘If it comes to it, we did our best! But in all honesty I’d pick ‘em poor souls over you any day. An’ I don’t need no arm twistin' to admit it!’ sneered Bramshaw.
‘You all heard that! I have witnesses!’ Grinly screamed, while pointing to the other men. ‘It’s all going into my report! We’ll see what the magistrate has to say about this when I present my case!’ Grinly was becoming hysterical. 
Bramshaw laughed, ‘Witnesses? I don’t see any witnesses. You hear anything boys?’ He turned to the other men and smiled.
‘I ain't heard nothing,’ said Henrik, spitting to one side to emphasise his dislike of Grinly.
The others shook their heads in false wonderment, wry smiles curving their mouths. 
Grinly’s face turned puce, ‘You’re all in it together! I’m going to report you all for this!’ he screamed.
Bramshaw stepped forward and punched Grinly on the chin knocking him onto his backside, ‘You can put that in your report too,’ mumbled Bramshaw as he grinning at the fallen man. Then he turned and walked away. ‘Come on, boys…let’s go. We’ve a long walk home.’
They left Grinly sitting on the dusty ground holding his aching chin. To the west the Sun had almost set. The long shadows cast by its retreat stretched and joined together to become one vast darkness. Grinly shivered in the cold, and turned his bitter eyes towards the forest below, ‘This isn’t over yet. Not by a long shot!’ he hissed.













Ch 4:
Oppressive darkness enveloped the forest floor come nightfall. Kassim had constructed an ingenious, rock-enclosed, pit to help dissipate the light from their small fire without hindering its warmth. Petr lay on the ground shivering, though right beside the hot flames and covered by blankets. Beads of cold sweat ran freely down his deathly grey face. Kassim removed the bandage and cleaned the wound as best he could. Though taciturn lips remained firmly resolute, knitted brows betrayed a growing angst. It was a losing battle and he knew it. When finished he sat by the fire. Matt handed him a strip of dried pork, cheese, and a piece of bread. There would be no hot food tonight, fearing the aroma would carry to unfriendly noses to betray them. Both men were exhausted from the long walk, and the lack of sleep.
‘How’s the wound?’ asked Matt.
‘The infection’s spreading. We’re running out of time,’ Kassim placed the meat between his teeth and tore a piece off.
‘We’ll just have to push on then. I’ll go and repack the horse,’ said Matt.
‘No wait. We’ll do little good with our minds befuddled by tiredness, our muscles weakened by lack of food. We’ll rest for a few hours before continuing.’
‘How long?’
‘We move again at midnight. We’ve managed to stay ahead of our pursuers; we’ve done well, so far. Now we must sleep.’
Matt wearily sat back and massaged his tired legs. Kassim stared into the fire, lost in his own thoughts. Matt considered the gypsy. All through his life he’d been brought up believing that gypsies were unprincipled, a selfish, cruel, people out for their own gain. “Vagabonds, and scallywags,” his father would say. “They lack even the most rudimentary scrapings of courage or morals. Honourless dogs the lot!” But that was not his experience, thus far. True he’d only just met Kassim, but the man was brave, cunning, and a loyal friend. Virtues accredited only to the settled folk of the realm. But here they were too, found in the lowest of the low, in a man of low birth, shunned by all. He had strength of character and a noble bearing, though poor of pocket. Matt lay back and pulled his coat about him to ward off the cold. It seemed that many of the truths, he’d been brought up to believe, were in need of reassessment. Those were his last thoughts as sleep took him. Then he dreamed of happier times. Kassim woke Matt at midnight. Again it felt as though he had only just closed his eyes. Petr was shaking badly, and as weak as a new-born. Kassim helped him up onto Bess’ back, the horse shuffled sideways on feeling Petr’s full weight bear down. 
‘Easy now…there’s a good girl,’ Kassim whispered in a soothing voice.
Matt stood and held the bridle, stroking Bess’ nose to calm her, ‘Nearly there now, girl, not much further, then you can fill your belly and sleep,’ added Matt.
Bess snorted, and calmed down. Kassim tied Petr onto the saddle. The young Initiate was shaking even more violently now that he was away from the warmth of the fire. They set off, Kassim leading Bess, and Matt following close behind. 
This time Matt took the satchel. Huff’s head was sticking out of the open flap. He stared anxiously at Petr’s slumped frame on the horse, ‘Perter sleep?’ Huff whispered into Matt’s ear.
‘Petr sick, Huff,’ Matt answered sadly.
‘Ooh, Perter sick. Poor Perter. Find shaman…for make Perter better.’
‘That’s what we are trying to do, Huff, find a healer...a shaman, for Petr.’
‘Shaman for make Perter better,’ nodded the little man again.
‘Yes...we hope so.’
Huff slid back down into the satchel and curled up. Matt could hear him softly chanting in the confines of the bag. It was either a prayer or lament, Matt really couldn’t decide which. It continued for an hour before Huff finally became silent. Just before dawn they came out on the far side of the forest. Matt couldn’t help but smile. It was good to be free from the claustrophobic nearness of the trees. A grassy plain stretched out ahead into the distance. Grey predawn lifted the gloom and made it easy to see underfoot, helping them to travel at speed for many miles. Just before the Sun reached mid-point on its journey across the sky, they reached a small circular forest in the middle of the plain. Standing alone on a small hill, it's clearly defined borders gave it the look of an island in the middle of a grassy sea. Kassim stopped the horse and stared.
‘What’s the matter?’ inquired Matt.
‘That’s it, we’ve made it,’ answered Kassim. ‘This is where the healer lives.’
‘What’s it called?’
‘Erendell.’
‘Well, what are we waiting for? Let’s get Petr inside.’
‘Wait, you must listen to me! You’re not known to the clan. When we enter, say nothing, and touch nothing. Just leave all of the talking to me!’ warned Kassim.
‘Okay-okay, no fret! I’ll keep my trap shut!’ Matt looked a little put out.
‘See that you do!’
‘Bit overly dramatic, methinks,’ Matt mumbled as Kassim walked away.
Kassim turned back to face Matt, ‘I do not say this lightly…your life may depend on it!’ Kassim frowned, walked back over to the horse and lead him into the forest. 
Matt looked more than a little worried, and hesitated a moment, but then ran to catch up with Kassim just as he disappeared through a gap in the trees. The foliage pressed in around them. It was even darker in this forest than the last. The air hung heavy, a pervading sense of gloom oozed from every leaf, every branch, leaching strength from their very bones. Matt pulled his coat closer for comfort. Just ahead Kassim had stopped and was looking into a dense patch of undergrowth just ahead.
Matt caught up with him, ‘What up?’ he whispered into his ear. 
‘No sudden movements,’ Kassim whispered back. ‘Hello in the camp. May the Light forever shine upon you and guide your way! It is I, Kassim Yulvak, may we enter in peace?’
Matt looked ahead, and could see nothing but branches and leaves. Suddenly six armed men stood out from the undergrowth all around. Matt glanced left and right, they were surrounded. 
A portly grey-haired man stepped closer and looked at Kassim, ‘Welcome in peace, brother Yulvak. It’s good to see you again,’ he smiled.
‘Good to see you too, Yassap. Your belly’s grown since last we supped. It must be a time of plenty,’ Kassim grinned as he pointed at the man’s stomach.                                                                                                     
‘We’ve enjoyed a bountiful harvest of late, it’s true,’ he laughed and slapped Kassim’s shoulder.                                                                                          
The armed men relaxed and joined in with the salutations. After a few moments they all turned to looked at Matt and Petr, their smiles turned to frowns. ‘It seems you’ve made some new friends since last here,’ there was a bitter edge to the portly man’s tone.
‘I ask that they be given the protection of your clan,’ answered Kassim.
‘Do you? That’s a very big ask considering the company. I smell Humes!’
‘Your nose is keen and does not lie, Yassap. But these two are unlike the rest. I owe my life to the one on the horse.’
‘A life debt!’ nodded the fat man. ‘A serious pledge, not to be taken lightly,’ he thought for a moment then nodded. ‘If it was anyone but you who asked this, Kassim...’ he trailed off. ‘They are welcome,’ he finally said.
Kassim lead Bess into the campsite. There were vardo’s of every size and colour scattered all around an open space in the middle of the forest. Kassim brought the horse to a halt outside one of the wagons, where stood a middle aged woman with long black hair. After a brief discussion, Petr was taken from the horse and into the wagon. The door closed and Kassim walked back over to Matt, ‘It’s done, he’s in good hands now.’
‘What now?’ asked Matt.
‘We wait...and pray.’

Elucia had been a healer all of her life. It was a gift, her mother had explained, that transcended the generations within her family. It was passed from mother to daughter since the time before the Loss, since before the Exodus. She examined Petr’s wound, probing it with expert fingers. There was still some infection inside the cavity but it could have been much worse. Kassim had performed a minor miracle, considering the difficult conditions. She cleaned the wound thoroughly and applied a balm. The balm would heal the wound, but would do nothing for the patient if the infection had spread to the blood. She closed her eyes, concentrated, and placed her hands on Petr’s head and chest. She could feel his heart pumping, the air gusting through his lungs - his blood rushing through his veins and arteries. The sensations became more intense the more she concentrated. She was at one with his body, feeling his pain, his confusion, as the fever fuddled his mind and dragged him down, ever deeper, into the abyss. She sat back on her haunches, a frown creasing her brow. It wasn’t good. The infection had entered the blood. She inhaled deeply, placed her hands back onto Petr’s head and chest, and closed her eyes a second time. The meditation brought her down into contact with her inner gift. She could see it now, glowing blue in her mind’s eye as it always did, so reassuring, so comforting. A dancing orb of cool blue light, she stepped into it and it filled her body. Elucia sat with eyes closed, her hands pulsing blue light for many hours. The infection was stubborn; it fled her approach and hid in many secluded places within Petr’s body. The healer slowly and meticulously tracked it down. It was a game of hide and seek - between hunter and prey. By morning of the next day she’d attained victory, but at a cost. Her tired body ached from toe to crown, and her skin dripped of sweat from every pore. She staggered to her feet and sat heavily into a cushioned rocking chair. Petr’s temperature had reduced to normal, he no longer shook, and the colour had come back to his cheeks. He was sleeping comfortably, his chest rising and falling rhythmically. 
Elucia smiled down at Petr’s sleeping frame with satisfaction, ‘You were lucky, boy. It was a close run race.’ she patted Petr’s arm and retired to her bed to sleep for a few hours.
Outside the camp was quiet. Most were still safely tucked up in their wagons. Kassim and Matt lay beside the fire in the centre circle, wrapped in blankets. A single guard stood watch for any trouble that might occur. But even so, a shadowy figure lay undiscovered in the nearby undergrowth of the forest. Cold, hard, eyes surveyed, assessed, and took measure. Eyes filled with anger and hate. Grinly had found them.

There was nothing Grinly could do alone, he knew that, especially now that Kassim was amongst his own people. He would have to get help if he was going to have any chance of success. The hamlet of Erenburn was only two miles away. If he could reach it in quick time he would be able to muster a new search party from the ranks of the locals. It was a gamble leaving the campsite but he had little option. He slowly backed away, taking care not to alert the guard. The forest was still dark and further cloaked by predawn fog. Grinly stumbled on through bush and branch, trying to find the path that he had taken on the way into the forest. The trees and scrub looked different now on the way back out, and not being used to land travel the sailor soon became irretrievably lost. After an hour he stumbled into a circular clearing. Surrounding the edges of the clearing were foot high standing stones baring strange runic inscriptions. At the circle’s centre stood two large flat stones taller than a man. They leaned one against the other, balanced at the apex, closely resembling two joined hands at prayer, with a triangular open space between. Grinly walked towards the construction, mouth agape. As he crossed into the circle a tar-black darkness descended and the forest disappeared. He stopped mid-stride in shock. The clearing had suddenly become an island in a sea of emptiness. The small perimeter standing stones emitted soft red light in sync with a pulsating, cyclic, hum. 
‘Foolish mortal! Did you think that I would not sense your trespass?’ boomed a deep low voice.
Grinly looked around in shock not knowing what to do. Fear ran icy fingers up and down his spine, as quivering legs struggled to hold him upright. The space between the centre stones shimmered, and a tall male figure appeared, his face hidden in the darkness of his hooded robe. The long dark robe covered his body entirely, but faded at the ends into insubstantial wisps. He had no legs, but floated gently out from between the stones and stopped before the terrified man. 
‘I...I meant no harm,’ stuttered the sailor.
‘On your knees when you address me, Hume!’ the figure’s voice boomed and he pointed towards the ground.
Grinly's legs crumpled sending him sprawling before the dark entity.
‘Give me the phial!’ 
Grinly looked up bewildered, ‘What phial?’
The entity motioned with his hand, Grinly's pallid skin reddened and blistered as though suddenly touched by red-hot coals. He released a long agonised scream.
‘Don’t cross words with me mortal! Your life’s worth little to me!’
‘I swear…I know nothing…I swear it!’ gasped Grinly, wincing with pain.
The entity made another motion and the sailor rose up into the air, until he was face to face with the dark beast. Reptilian eyes glowed yellow in the darkness of the cowl, all else was hidden. The eyes pulsed and Grinly felt the last of his resolve melt away. He was utterly defenceless - putty awaiting the potter’s hand. His mind surrendered to the creature’s irresistible will and was overcome. After long moments the entity allowed him to float back down to the ground where he lay shaking. ‘You speak true, Hume. Though it was, for a time, in your possession, you know nothing of its purpose.’
Grinly sat up and looked at the hulking figure towering over him, ‘It was in my possession you say…but when…I have no memory of it, I swear… By the sea goddess, I swear!’
‘Nevertheless, it is a fact, though you know it not. It has left its mark upon you. I can sense it even now.’ The entity flicked a hand and an image of the small brown phial came into being and hung suspended in the air.
‘The boy’s magic potion!’ Grinly blurted in astonishment.
‘Of which boy do you speak, Hume? Careful how you answer…your life hangs in the balance!’
‘The conscript...Petr was his name.’
‘You know where he can be found?’
‘Yes, great lord, I do. He lies injured in yonder gypsy camp.’
The entity hovered unspeaking for a few moments, ‘Your heart is black - I see it. You may be of use. Will you serve?’
Grinly nodded enthusiastically, ‘I will, lord…speak your wish, I’m yours to command.’
‘Then we have accord,’ lightning flashed across the dark cloudless sky. 
Grinly jumped with fright. 
‘If you break pledge, your soul is forfeit. Do you understand, mortal?’
‘I do, lord...I do,’ Grinly whimpered and dropped his head down, pressing his face into the damp earth.
‘Good. Serve me well and you will be rewarded. Fail me, and you will wish that you hadn’t...for all eternity.’
‘By what name are you known, great master?’
‘I have many,’ boomed the deep voice, ‘Dhaalu will suffice. Retrieve the phial and bring it to me here. I will watch your progress.’
Another flash of lightning streaked the sky blinding the sailor momentarily. When his eyes refocused he was alone in the circle of stones. The first touches of daybreak were lighting the sky far to the east. He lifted his battered body up and gingerly stood. He was shaking all over, his strength almost gone. Looking down at his palms he noticed a strange runic inscription burnt into the palm of his right hand. He somehow knew that it was the beast’s mark of ownership. He watched as it slowly faded, and finally disappeared completely. Taking a deep breath he steadied himself, turned, and walked into the forest leaving the circular clearing far behind. After an hour he broke free from the confines of the trees and tramped across the open fields towards Erenburn. All the while a cold darkness was steadily growing in his chest and spreading out to every part of his body. When finished it would consume him whole, and change him beyond recognition, forever.

Petr awoke to the sound of bird song. The Sun was shining through the half open door of Elucia’s vardo, filling the interior with light and warmth. He yawned and sat up in the bed just as the healer came through the door. 
‘Good morning. How are you feeling today?’ she asked.
‘Never better thank you...hungry, if anything,’ answered Petr, feeling more than a little confused. His last lucid memory was the mountain descent. ‘I’m sorry, I don’t believe we’ve met. My name’s Petr.’
Elucia smiled, ‘I know...I am Elucia, your healer.’
‘Healer?’ questioned Petr.
‘Yes…you’ve been a very sick young man, Petr.’ She shook her head, ‘For a time, I was unsure if I could save you.’
‘I have no memory of it.’
‘That’s normal. As I said, you were very sick.’
Petr looked perplexed, ‘Thank you, Elucia, I wish I could give you more than hollow words.’
‘No payment is needed. Kassim has told us of your quest, and we’ll do all that we can to support you in it. The Ash Ward must be protected if the Barrier is to be renewed, lest the world fall to darkness eternal.’
Petr’s brow furrowed. ‘The Ash Ward?’
Elucia looked surprised, ‘The Ward of the Flame and Ash,’ she shook her head looking confused.
‘I don’t know what Kassim’s been telling you, but I know nothing of this...Ash Ward.’
Just then Kassim stuck his head in through the wagon’s door. Matt was just behind him with Huff on his back. 
‘Ah, you’re awake, good,’ said Kassim.
Petr looked crossly at the big gypsy, ‘Exactly what lies have you been spinning to Elucia?’
Kassim looked shocked, ‘I don’t follow.’
‘You told Elucia some flighty yarn about an Ash Ward. Why did you do that?’
Kassim nodded, climbed into the vardo and sat on the bed opposite Petr, ‘I told no lie, Petr. What I tell you now will come as a shock, but you must believe me, every word is true.’
Matt sat on the door-step and leaned against the frame, ‘It’s a wild tale, Petr. Kassim told me all about it last night.’ 
Petr leaned back against the wall of the wagon with a wary look, ‘Go on.’
‘Jenna, is in reality, Jennaiel. Daughter of Danaiel, the last Fire Mage.’
Petr looked confused, ‘That means nothing to me.’
Kassim took a deep breath, ‘I know Petr, please be patient and I will do my best to explain.’ He began, ’There is a world beyond this world of mortal men. It is a place of magic and lore where creatures of myth and fairytale are reality. It is also a place of daemons and creatures of dark intent. For where there is good there must also be evil, it is the natural balance of things. In ancient times the world was one. Magic and its wielders walked the same roads as men. But some were cruel and filled with malice. They used their power to torment humanity. You were weak and had no defence against those imbued with powerful magic's, so you became playthings, even slaves. It was decided, by opponents of the Dark, to divide the world in two. Humans, for their own safety, would be kept separate from Wielders. My people are the Thane, the Children of the Light. We fought long and hard against the evil Dain for control of the lands. But alas, in the end, we lost and were exiled. But before we left we created, both, the upper and nether worlds. Netherworld is the realm of magic and of magic wielders. While Upperworld, is the domain of man. And so the world, as you know it, was thus created. After many generations the old stories of how it used to be faded to become myths and legends. Stories told to frighten young children around campfires at night. The tellers not realising the hidden truths of the telling,’ Kassim snorted. ‘It takes a powerful magic to keep these two worlds apart. Fire magic is the strongest of all, for it is fire that ultimately gives life. Fire, warms the cold, lights the dark, lifts the soul. That’s why there is a great comfort to be had while staring into the flames of an open fire. You’re soul is rejoicing at contact with the divine. As in your world, the Netherworld too has a sun. It is the source of all that is good, and the powerhouse that keeps these worlds apart. But its strength is finite and must be renewed once every ten thousand of your human years.’
‘What does all this have to do with Jenna?’ snapped Petr.
‘Please be patient, Petr, I will come to that,’ said Kassim. ‘It’s the responsibility of the Fire Mage to help to replenish the Sun’s power. And, though a powerful wielder, and his magic strong, even he is not strong enough to fulfil this enormous task. No, he is merely the catalyst, the spark if you like, that  rekindles the flame of rebirth.’
‘The rebirth of the Sun?’ asked Petr.
‘No - not directly at least. The rebirth of a most powerful creature, and the only living thing capable of magic’s strong enough to re-energise the dying Sun.’
‘What creature?’ Petr asked enthusiastically.
‘The Phoenix!’ answered Kassim. ‘The risen Phoenix carries new energy directly into the Sun’s heart to replenished its power. Jenna is the daughter of the Fire Mage, and his successor. Without Jennaiel there can be no rebirth and the Sun will cool. When that happens the Barrier between the worlds will fall, and humanity will again be at the mercy of the Dain and their minions, for all eternity.
‘Why was she taken, Kassim?’ asked Petr, his voice low and sombre.
‘The Necromancer Dhaalu, means to wed her. Their offspring would have mastery over both white and black magic. Their power would be unmatched. And when the Sun weakens, and the barrier finally falls, they will sweep across your lands enslaving all, just as in the days of old.
Petr sat silently staring at Kassim for a long moment, ‘You knew this all along?’
‘Yes,’ admitted Kassim.
‘And the pressgang?’
‘I was tracking you when you were taken. I allowed myself to be captured.’
‘To what end?’
‘At first, to retrieve the phial and return it to my people.’
‘But how did you know I had it?’
‘I lead the group whose job it was to guard the gate on which you were attacked. We failed,’ Kassim shrugged. ‘I was knocked insensible during the fight. When I awoke it was already too late. Jennaiel was gone and you were returning to Havenbrook with the phial.’
Petr fumbled with his hip bag, withdrew the small bottle and offered it to Kassim, ‘Here…take it, it’s yours,’ he said.
‘No!’ interrupted Elucia. ‘He is not tasked with its transport.’
Petr looked at Elucia, perplexed, ‘Then who?’
Elucia took hold of Petr’s hand and turned it, ‘Do you see this mark on your palm where the lines converge in the shape of a star?’
‘Yes, what of it?’ said Petr.
‘You have been chosen. You are the Ward, Petr…the Protector. You must carry the phial to Jennaiel. Your love for her is strong and will guide you.’
Kassim frowned as he looked at Petr’s palm, but then he finally nodded in agreement, ‘It’s true. You are tasked with its protection.’
‘No you’re wrong,’ Petr shook his head. ‘It’s to be used as a means of proof that’s all. So that Blind Meg will know that I was sent my Jenna’s father, and help me to rescue Jenna. I don’t know anything about being a Ward, and whatever that entails. This is all getting wildly out of hand!’ Petr growled rather waspishly.
Elucia leaned forward, ‘Do you love her, Petr?’
Petr looked at Elucia, with shock, startled by her question, ‘Yes...I do.’ he finally said.
‘What would give for her safe return?’
Petr looked into Elucia’s dark eyes before he spoke, ‘Everything!’
‘Then the vessel is in good hands,’ Elucia smiled. ‘When you find her she’ll need it. And, she’ll need you.’
Petr sat quietly, letting the words sink in. After a time he nodded, ‘Okay then,’ he whispered, ‘if that’s what it takes, then so be it...I’m the Ash Ward…whatever that is.’












CH 5:
Erenburn was a picturesque sleepy little hamlet, snuggled in the folds of a shallow valley, a mile or so from the main Perlow to Heavenost road. The folk here were mostly tenant farmers on Baron Freameck’s estate, and were happily tending their flocks and ploughing fields when Grinly arrived. As he entered the cluster of pretty whitewashed cottages, a boy ran from an open door.
‘You there, stop!’ shouted Grinly.
The boy stopped and turned, ‘Good morn, sir, how can I help you?’ he said politely.
Grinly eyed the boy. He was no more than eleven or twelve, fresh cheeked, with the matted sweat-moistened hair of exuberant youth, ‘Is there a magistrate hereabouts, boy?’
‘A magistrate…?’ the boy repeated the words with a scrunched nose while shaking his head and looking utterly confused.
‘A sheriff then?’ hissed Grinly.
‘No, sir, no sheriff either.’
‘Well who’s in charge of things here?’
The boy still looked confused, ‘No one, sir,’ he shrugged.
Grinly looked away in frustration, ‘A town elder then, someone who can speak for all?’
The boy scratched his head, ‘Most folk go to Mister Filbert when things need fixing, or an argument sorting.’
‘Where can I find him?’
‘He’s in yonder field ploughing,’ the boy pointed to a large man who was struggling to hold on to an iron plough pulled by an old grey mare.
Grinly passed the boy without any word of thanks and climbed over the low stone wall bordering the field. The farmer stopped ploughing as Grinly approached.
‘Fair day for it, friend,’ the farmer smiled, resting the horse’s reins on the back of the plough.
‘Are you Filbert?’ asked Grinly.
‘Yes indeed, sir, how can I help you?’
‘My name’s Grinly. I represent His Royal Majesty’s Conscription Service.’
Filbert kept smiling, ‘There’s no-one hereabouts for you to conscript, friend. The whole community's gainfully employed.’
‘No need to fret I’m not after you, or your neighbours, Filbert! I’m after two conscripts who’ve escaped to this local.’
‘Well there’s been no sign of them, far as I know. And if they’d come this way, I’d have heard.’
‘Quiet, fool! I know where they are, but I’m in need of support! It shouldn’t take more than a day or two to apprehend them. That’s not too much of an inconvenience for you or your fellows, is it?’
Filbert looked annoyed by Grinly's terse remark, ‘Well then you'd better be on your way, friend. The nearest town with a sheriff is Gambrook. It’s about ten miles in that direction,’ the farmer gestured towards the east.
‘You don’t understand--!’ started Grinly.
‘No, friend, you don’t understand! I know the law, and I know that you need a sheriff if you want to raise a posse! And since we don’t have a sheriff here in Erenburn, well then I guess you’re just right out of luck,’ growled the farmer getting increasingly annoyed by Grinly's ill manners. 
Grinly's temper flared and he stepped closer to Filbert, ‘Do as I say or you’ll live to regret it!’ he shouted, his eyes suddenly turning bright yellow.
Filbert was shocked to see the sailor’s face quickly contort and transform. Grinly's reedy lips turned an inhuman purple-black, and his skin a deathly grey. But it was the eyes that transfixed the farmer most. Grinly's eyes pulsed, in slow rhythmic bursts, a bright luminous yellow. Filbert fell to his knees, and couldn’t help but stare at those terrible yellow eyes. 
After a long moment Filbert stuttered, ‘Yes...of course...we’ll help.’ ‘We are...always ready to...help an...officer of the Crown,’ his slurred, faltering, voice suddenly effecting the tone and irregularity of a mind on the cusp of sleep.
Grinly was baffled at what had just occurred. The initial rush of anger had empowered him in a strange new way. Some unusual change had enveloped him, and turned him completely about. For the moment he cared little for reason or effect, content as he was, to bask in the splendour of this newly acquired power. The farmer was still on his knees and staring blankly up at him, ‘Get up and gather together twenty strong men,’ he ordered.
Filbert nodded and stood rather unsteadily, ‘Of course, Mister Grinly. I won’t be long,’ he ran off in an ungainly shuffle towards the settlement.
Grinly smiled menacingly after the farmer’s retreating back. 

When night’s shadow had finally descended, the Gypsies prepared a celebratory banquet for the Ash Ward and his companions. Flames leapt skyward from a bonfire, at the centre of the campsite, making shadows flicker and twist around the entire enclosure. A trio of musicians played strange but lively tunes on fiddle and mouth-organ, while young women, in all their colourful finery; danced about the fire beating tambourines and small cymbals. It was a raucous and electrifying scene that felt strange yet exhilarating to both Petr and Matt. A pretty young girl, with long raven hair, broke free from the circle of dancers, hauled Matt to his feet, and dragging him out into the middle of the group. He looked awkward and out of step, but tried his best to mimic the movements of the others, with little success. The assembled crowd found much enjoyment in his feeble capering, and loud guffaws soon issued from the throng. Matt, though visibly red-faced, continued, encouraged by cheers and claps of the onlookers. He even managed to add his own steps to the mix and in the process caused the other performers to become confused, with hilarious effect. Soon the whole troop disintegrated into fits of laughter, causing the older men and women to join in, thus returning the dance to a semblance of normality. The wine and beer flowed, and the roast meat was tender and succulent. 
Petr lay back on the cool grass, patting his full stomach, ‘Your people certainly know how to have fun, Kassim,’ Petr was smiling at the dancing crowd.
Kassim was sitting beside Petr, puffing on a pipe, ‘We like to enjoy life whenever we can. It is, perhaps, a legacy of past suffering.’
‘And your present suffering?’ asked Petr, meaning how badly the Gypsies were treated by the humans.
Kassim gave him a glancing look, ‘The shame of exile is more keenly felt. It’s a pain that never leaves. Our treatment at the hands of Humes...sorry Petr,’ he shook his head. ‘Humans,’ he corrected, ‘is of little concern beside it.’  
‘Still, it must rankle when those you seek to protect treat you with utter contempt.’
Kassim drew on the pipe, inhaled, and blew it out in one long stream, ‘It rankles,’ he agreed, ‘but is no more than we deserve after the Loss and Exodus.’
‘Someone needs to tell the humanity about your sacrifices on their behalf.’
Kassim snorted, ‘You think they would believe such things? Tell me, what outcome should we expect upon arrival, at court, with wild stories of monsters and hellish beasts?’
Petr shook his head, ‘They wouldn’t believe you.’
‘Or perhaps if I told, how my people guard the gates between this world and the world of magic?’
‘The same,’ agreed Petr.
‘They would laugh into my face, beat me for the intrusion, and lock me in their deepest dungeon for the rest of my days. No, there’s nothing that can be done. We stand alone in this fight…win or lose.’
Petr jabbed at the soft earth with a piece of stick before looking across at Kassim, ‘These gates that you speak of, between this world and the other. Where are they?’
Kassim looked at Petr, ‘Humans call them, Faerie Mounds, and avoid them whenever possible. Which is a good thing, at least that memory has remained, from times past…though, no doubt, they no longer remember the reason.’
‘Is that why your people can always be found close to Faerie Mounds? I’ve often wondered. Most common-folk look upon the mounds with fear. They say it is where you worship your gods…that it's a sacred place for you.’  
‘No…not sacred…accursed, if anything. We are tied to them for fear of what lies on the other side, trying to gain entry onto this plain. It was our failing that brought this about and henceforth our duty to stand guard.’
A light sparked in Petr’s eyes, ‘That means there is one close by. I mean, if there’s a settlement here, it stands to reason that you are guarding a gate. Am I right?’
‘You are perceptive. Yes, there’s one at the centre of this forest.’
‘Can I see it?’
‘It would not be allowed. They are dangerous places, Petr. It is an opening to the Netherworld. Those who trespass are never seen again. That was how they were able to capture…Jennaiel,’ Kassim looked closely at Petr.
‘What do you mean?’
‘I’m sorry, Petr, you could not have known. The copse where Jenna was taken was also Faerie Mound.’
‘That clearing at the top of the hill!’ exclaimed Petr, suddenly remembering.
‘Yes. The Bolg drove you towards it. Once there...you never really had a chance,’ Kassim shook his head sadly.
Petr’s face reflected pain, his memory replaying each terrible moment during the chase and capture. He remembered, with bitter anger, the hideous hard-skinned creatures and their luminous yellow eyes; the pursuit through brush and tree, and finally the standoff on the hilltop. A knot of pain pushed its way past his throat and lodged in his heart. A single tear streaked down his cheek, ‘A trap…!’ he finally managed.
‘Yes, they were waiting. As the Sun dwindles, so too does the Barrier. As it weakens, the area of darkness around the mounds will grow in size. Spreading like a disease, ‘til it covers all of the land. If we fail in our quest, and Jenniel does not birth the Phoenix, the Dark Ones will walk with humans again, and the torment begin anew.’
‘What happened to your guard?’
‘We were taken by surprise and almost wiped out. Only two survived to bring warning.’
‘But how…?’
‘The Bolg were lead by an assassin of some renown.’
Petr’s stare was fixed, ‘What was his name?’
‘Salamander! Kassim spat the name from his lips like a curse.
Petr nodded in recognition, ‘I’ve heard that name before. Huff saw Salamander take Jenna. But what does it mean, Kassim?’
‘It means, she’s in the hands of a very dangerous and elusive creature, one who works only for his own gain, or pleasure, depending on how he feels. And one who would kill his own offspring if it served him. He’s not to be trusted; he changes sides as often as he changes colour and appearance. He is without honour, morals, or conscience.’
‘You seem to know a lot about him.’
Kassim looked away for a moment then spoke without making eye contact, ‘I do. Not personally, but as much as any man might know his brother,’ he kept staring ahead.
Petr’s head snapped up, ‘He’s your brother!’
‘Half brother to be precise,’ answered Kassim in a matter-of-fact tone.
Petr’s jaw was flapping. ‘How...?’
‘My father was handsome in his youth. He was standing guard at a Gateway one night, and fell asleep. As he slept a young witch came out and saw him. She was enamoured by him, and well...I’m sure you can figure the rest out for yourself.’
‘What happened?’
‘Afterwards my father kept the secret to himself. One year later the witch reappeared as my father stood guard again. She was holding a baby whose skin changed colour depending upon its mood.’
‘Salamander!’ exclaimed Petr.
Kassim nodded, ‘Yes. It was the last that my father saw of the child. He was banished from the clan for five years after  finally confessing. On his return he met and married my mother.’
‘Thank you for being honest. It can’t have been easy.’
Kassim shrugged, ‘You are the Ward. You needed to know this. I would understand if you wished another in my stead,’ added Kassim sombrely.
‘What do you mean?’
‘If you wish you can choose a new guide.’
Petr smiled, ‘Not even if he could lead me to the lost treasure of the Matertak!’
Kassim looked confused.
Petr’s smile broadened, ‘That means no.’

Finally the revellers tired and started to drift away to their wagons. By midnight the party was over and silence descended over the campsite. The attack, when it came, was swift and violent. The Erenburn villagers had been whipped into frenzy by Grinly's false accusations. He’d blamed the Gypsies for all manner of crimes, and found the farmers and work-hands of Erenburn an eager, and gullible, audience. They poured into the sleeping camp setting fire to wagons and beating any who resisted with pick-handles or sticks. The screams of women and children echoed around the camp. It was all over in a matter of minutes. The half drunk, half asleep, Gypsy men were easy prey for the mob, and were quickly beaten senseless. When it was over the inhabitants were herded into the centre of the encampment. Petr and Kassim were found, dragged from the crowd, and thrown to the ground before Grinly.
Grinly smiled venomously, ‘Did you really think you could escape the Imperator’s justice...escape…me?’ he grinned.
Kassim spat blood onto the ground in front of Grinly, ‘A serpent rarely retreats. It was foolish to forget that. It’s a mistake, I'll not make twice,’ glowered the Gypsy.
Grinly growled and lashed out with his pick-handle knocking Kassim onto his back. Blood poured from the gypsy’s nose and mouth. ‘A little payback for when you escaped,’ hissed Grinly, crouching over the half conscious man, ‘and with more to follow later!’ he added.
Petr scrambled across to where Kassim was lying and cradled his head. Kassim was incapacitated by the blow, and lay helpless, ‘You could’ve killed him!’ he shouted.
Grinly stood over the two men, ‘Yes, I suppose I could have. Wouldn’t that’ve been a shame,’ he grinned evilly, turned and walked away. ‘Filbert, please explain the situation to these people, so that there’s no…misunderstandings!’
The large farmer stood out from the rest of the townsfolk, ‘By order of the good people of Erenburn, you are ordered to move on from this here place, and never return! If you refuse, there will be dire consequences for all of you! We’ve just about taken all we can, of your heathen ways, and we won’t suffer it a day longer!’ he shouted.
An old woman with long grey hair stood up from the crowd of Gypsies, ‘What crime have we committed?’ she asked in a cool steady voice.
Filbert blinked and paused as if struggling to remember, ‘The crimes of which you stand accused!’ he finally managed.
‘And what are they?’ she persisted.
The townsfolk fell silent and shuffled silently, looking confused by the question as though somehow at a loss for an answer.
Grinly saw their indecision and stepped forward again, ‘For your blasphemous ways, your thievery, and if that’s not enough, for obstructing the lawful forces of the Crown and giving shelter to wanted criminals!’ flecks of spittle flew from his mouth as he bellowed.
The woman sat back down, she knew it was useless arguing. 
Petr wiped the blood from Kassim’s face as best he could and placed a folded coat under his head. He quickly scanned the campsite, but there was no sign of Matt. He was worried for his friend's safety. Just then a slight tug on his shirt drew his attention.
‘Huff for Perter,’ whispered the disembodied voice of the invisible Tolluk.
Petr smiled as he felt Huff push against his side. Checking that he was not being watched, he removed the brown phial from his hip bag, ‘Huff, take this, and keep it safe,’ he whispered.
‘Huff take. Keep safe,’ answered the small voice.
Petr could feel small hands take the bottle from his grasp. He watched as it floated, unseen, out of the camp's centre-circle and disappeared behind one of the wagons. He exhaled with relief. 
Grinly pointed towards Petr and Kassim with his pick handle, ‘Bring them along!’ he ordered. Then looking at the Gypsies he shouted, ‘The rest of you have until noon tomorrow to leave this site! Then we’ll be back, and any found here...’ he trailed off, but lifted up the bloodied handle for all to see.
Kassim was pulled to his feet by two men and dragged towards the edge of the clearing. Two others grabbed hold of Petr. There was no escaping, so he didn’t resist. Grinly was last to leave the campsite. He looked back at the battered faces of the Gypsies, smiled, and turned to walk after the townsfolk. Silence descended, but not for long as sobbing women bent low to weep over their fallen men.
Some way out into the trees Grinly brought the column to a halt, ‘Hold them, I’ve some questions that need answering right now,’ He stood in front of the two men, ‘You stole something from me an’ I want it back!’ He looked into Kassim’s eyes, ‘Do you have it, gypsy?’ he pushed Kassim’s head back using the wooden handle. ‘Speak now and it’ll go easier on you. What’d you do with my bottle?’
Kassim opened his mouth and smiled. His teeth were covered with his own blood, ‘I sold it.’ he whispered.
‘To who?’ pressed Grinly.
Kassim mumbled something that was incoherent.
Grinly leaned closer, ‘What did you say?’
Kassim quickly moved his head forward and butted Grinly into the face. The sailor dropped like a stone. ‘To a passing demon!’ Kassim smiled down at the fallen sailor, sprawled on the ground before him.
‘Hold him, damn your useless hides!’ Grinly screamed at the two men holding onto Kassim. As he slowly got back to his feet. There was a murderous glint in his eyes, ‘Search them!’ he screamed.
The farmers rifled through both men’s clothes, but found nothing.
‘I know where it is,’ said Petr.
Grinly looked at Petr, momentarily forgetting Kassim. He walked the few steps over to where Petr was being held, ‘Where is it?’ he hissed.
‘I hid it.’
‘Where?’
‘In the forest. Before we went into the camp,’ added Petr.
‘Don’t tell him anything, Petr!’ Kassim shouted.
‘Grinly spun on his heel, ‘Get that offal-bag out of here. Bring him back to the village! I’ll meet you there!’  He turned again to face Petr, ‘We’ve much to discuss, my young friend…and I think it's best if we‘re not disturbed…don’t you?’ his smile was cold.
The farmers dragged Kassim away and left Grinly with two men to help restrain Petr while he finished his interrogation. 
Grinly waited until they were alone before speaking again, ‘Well, boy, where’d you hide it?’
‘Inside the trunk of an old dead oak on the far side of the forest,’ answered Petr.
‘Very clever, boy, very clever indeed,’ smiled Grinly. ‘Lead us there,’ he ordered, taking Petr by the arm and shoving him.
Petr stumbled forward into the darkness and slowly felt his way through the undergrowth. A difficult job in daylight that was near to impossible at night. But still they struggled on, slipping and tripping so frequently that Petr’s palms were quickly bloodied and bruised. He lead them on for hours, not really knowing where he was going, hoping for a chance to escape that never materialised. 
Just before dawn Grinly finally lost patience and knocked Petr to the ground, ‘We’ve been walking all night! Where’s the tree?’ he shouted.
‘It’s not far,’ answered Petr.
‘You said the same an hour ago, and the same again the hour before that! If you’re lying to me, boy, I’ll skin you alive!’ Grinly reached into his coat and pulled out a curved knife.
Petr tried to scamper away but got stuck in the roots of a tree and could only watch in horror as Grinly came in for the kill. There was a sudden crash as several bodies appeared from the undergrowth. Grinly was knocked into a bush in a tangle of arms and legs. Several other men jumped on the two farmers and a fight ensued. Muffled shouts and curses filled the air. Then all went quiet. 
Matt appeared in front of Petr and extended his hand, ‘Good to see you’re okay.’
Petr laughed aloud with relief, ‘God it’s good to see you, Matt,’ he stood and they briefly hugged.
Behind Matt several Gypsies were sitting on the struggling farmers. One was the clan chief Yassap, ‘Where is Kassim?’ he asked.
‘He was taken to the village on Grinly's orders,’ answered Petr, ‘Speaking of that rat, where is he?’ Petr looked about, but there was no sign of the sailor.
In the confusion of the fight, no-one had noticed him slip away. One of the Gypsies lay dead in a nearby bush with the hilt of Grinly's knife protruding from his belly. 
Yassap turned the dead man over, ‘It’s Hershan,’ Yassap looked crestfallen. ‘He was to marry my niece next full moon. This is bitter,’ he shook his head.
‘I’m sorry for your loss, Yassap,’ offered Petr.
‘It’s none of your doing, friend Petr, you have nothing to be sorry for. Besides, it was his time. May the Sun warm his grave, and the wind carry his soul home.’ Yassap placed the dead man’s arms across his torso, ‘Now we must tend to the living and brother Kassim needs our help.’
‘How many men can you muster?’ asked Petr.
Yassap stood and thought for a moment, ‘Ten…perhaps…most of the others are too badly injured.’
‘We’ll be outnumbered at least two to one,’ remarked Matt.
‘That won’t be a problem, friend Matt. This time we’ll be neither drunk nor half asleep,’ he grinned. ‘We have more than enough, trust me.’
‘Good,’ said Petr, ‘But first I need to return to the campsite. There’s something there that I need to pick up.’
The Gypsies dragged the two farmers to their feet and set off through the brush. Not far away Grinly was making good his escape. Terror etched his callous face, he dared not look back for fear he was being pursued. The forest hid his passing beneath a blanket of shadow-cast green.





CH 6:
Grinly ran through the undergrowth in blind panic. The same word echoing through the void that was his mind, over and over again, Flee! It was an hour before he finally came to his senses and stopped. His chest heaved as his lungs sucked in cooling air. He looked around, but nothing looked familiar. In bewildered confusion, he at first tried one direction, then another, but all to no avail. Finally, defeated, he sat heavily on the trunk of a fallen tree and held his head in his shivering hands. It was cold and dark, and he was completely lost. When the beat of his thumping heart finally subsided he noticed a second, much softer, sound. A pulsing, humming sound that rose and fell in pitch and vibration. He stood, and slowly walked towards the noise. After a few steps he could see soft red lights, just ahead through the scrub, pulsing in sync with the sound.  He was drawn to the lights like a moth to flame. Pushing through the last branches, he came to a circular clearing. It was the circular faery mound, and Dhaalu stood waiting. As Grinly stepped past the knee-high perimeter stones, the forest disappeared into blackness and the stars winked out. 
Dhaalu drifted out from the central arch and stopped before Grinly, ‘You have returned. Do you have my prize?’
Grinly fell onto his hands and knees, his mouth quivering with fear, ‘Not yet, Master!’ 
Dhaalu came closer, ‘You...disappoint…me, wretch! Your efforts...unsatisfactory. Perhaps some motivation is needed,’ Dhaalu raised his hand and Grinly was filled with pain anew.
The sailor lay wriggling on the ground in agony. After what seemed like an age Dhaalu released him. Grinly groaned as he again clambered onto his knees, ‘Forgive me, Master! I will do better. They were helped by the Gypsies, you see. If not for that, the accursed phial would be in my hands.’
Dhaalu’s yellow eyes glowed brightly, ‘The Thane…’ his deep voice rumbled, ‘…they interfere as ever. Long have they thwarted me, but their days of hiding are numbered. Soon they will be within my reach once again, and I will take great pleasure in their final tormentations.’
‘I know where the bottle is, Master. I’ve captured the Gypsy called Kassim. The others will try to free him. A bargain may yet be struck. If I offer an exchange - his life for the trinket - they will surely submit.’
‘No! You have already failed me once. You have proved weak and undependable,’ Dhaalu started to drift back towards the arch between the standing blocks of stone. ‘Bring him to the hill known as Fallow.’
‘Fallowhill! - I know it well, Master,’ nodded Grinly.
‘It’s a place of power for us. We will be waiting.’ 
Dhaalu’s body was becoming insubstantial. Grinly could see the outline of the standing stones through his torso, ‘I’ll not fail you again, Master,’ he called after the evaporating figure.
‘See that you do not,’ answered Dhaalu’s deep voice, though his body had disappeared entirely.
As Dhaalu departed, so too did the blackness. The forest came back into view, while overhead the stars again filled the predawn sky. Grinly staggered from the gate mound and found the correct path back towards Erenburn. A spiteful determined scowl twisted the contours of his face. This time, he would not to fail.

The campsite was a mess. The Gypsies had managed to save many of the burning vardo’s but even so there was still a lot of damage. Yassap lead the rescue party back into camp. A terrible wail started when the women saw Hershan’s body, and the two captured farmers were getting murderous looks from some of the inhabitants. Yassap put four of his men to guarding them while he went to assess the damage and count the cost. 
Huff came scampering across the compound on all fours with something clutched in his small hand. ‘Perter-Perter-Perter!’ he squealed with delight as he clambered up Petr and sat on his shoulder, ‘Huff for Perter. Huff keep it safe, see!’ he excitedly shoved the brown bottle into Petr’s nose.
Petr laughed and prised the phial from Huff’s hand, ‘Well done. I knew I could count on you,’ he ruffled the Tolluk’s coarse black hair affectionately.
‘Huff keep safe,’ the odd little man-thing repeated again.
Yassap returned shortly, ‘I’ve got eleven men in reasonable condition. Though many others wanted to come I will only bring the ones who are not too badly injured. Are you ready?’ he asked Petr.
‘We’re ready when you are.’
Yassap nodded and with a wave of his hand lead the group of men out into the forest. Matt was carrying the satchel so Huff scrambled inside and snuggled down with just his head peeking out. It took two hours to reach Erenburn. By then the Sun was up, but with little warmth. The early morning air retained its fresh stinging bite. There was a strange feeling hanging over the town. Most of the residents were still gathered in the main square when the Gypsies arrived. There was an eerie standoff as the two groups met. The Gypsies wanted revenge and stood ready for the order to attack even though the odds were more than two to one against them. The farmers were armed. Dried blood from last night's work, still evident upon some of their wooden clubs. The Gypsies mood darkened further at the sight. Suddenly there was a movement from the centre of the villagers and a man stepped forward. He was low sized with a round belly and a cheery complexion. He held up his hand, ‘Please, we don’t want any more trouble,’ he began.
‘That wasn’t the look of it when you attacked last night,’ growled Yassap.
The man looked abashed, ‘I...I...we can’t fathom what come over us. We’ve been standing here for the last hour tryin’ to figure it out. We got no hard feelin’s towards your people, you understand. Fact, we rely on your trade to supplement our livin’. It just don’t make no sense. It’s like we was possessed or sometin’,’ he threw down his stick. The other villagers followed suit.
Yassap looked confused. This was not what he’d expected, ‘Possessed, you say?’ He thought for a moment, ‘Has anyone dug up a Totem recently?’ Removing a protective totem could have dire consequences for a community, leaving them open to otherworldly attack. ‘Or perhaps someone brought a strange artefact into the village?’
‘No nothin’ like that friend,’ the farmer shook his head.
‘Any strange occurrences or strange people in the village of late?’ asked Yassap.
‘No, ‘sept for that conscription fella. But he seemed right enough.
Yassap walked over to the farmer and stood before him unafraid,’ Let me see your hand!’
The farmer looked uneasily back at his neighbours and friends before offering his hand to Yassap. Yassap retrieved what looked like a small crystal ball on a chain and placed it over the farmer’s palm. The ball instantly turned red.
Yassap nodded, ‘You have been touched.’
The farmer crinkled his brow, ‘Touched by what?’
Yassap put the crystal away, ‘By evil. You all have.’
The farmer looked as though he was about to be sick and quickly snatched his hand away. ‘What can we do? We’re god fearin’ folk here in Erenburn.’
‘Nothing. The effects will subside when the cause has been rooted.’
‘What cause?’ the farmer’s voice rose an octave.
‘You said it yourself, you had only one visitor to the town before this happened. Where’s Grinly?’
‘He’s gone. Him and Filbert took an open-top wagon and left with the prisoner over an hour ago.’
Yassap looked as though he was going to explode, ‘Where did they go?’
‘That’s the odd bit. I thought they’d be headin’ east to Gambrook, there’s a sheriff over there, you see. But no! Grinly pipes up and announces he’s takin’ the man north to Fallowhill. Ain’t nothin’ at Fallowhill but that big old faery fort. Strange that.’ 
Yassap’s face drained of colour.
‘You okay, friend? You don’t look the best, if you don’t mind me sayin’,’ said the farmer.
Yassap walked back to Petr and Matt, ‘Grinly's taking him to Fallowhill.’
‘What’s that mean?’ asked Matt.
‘It’s not good. There’s a gate there - a big one. We lost control of it a year ago.’
‘What does it mean for Kassim?’ asked Petr.
‘It means that he’s in serious trouble unless we can get to him before he’s taken across the threshold.’
Petr frowned, ‘And if we don’t?’
Yassap shook his head solemnly, ‘Then he is lost.’

Foam lathered the horse’s sides, but Grinly simply didn’t care and continued to lash him with his whip, ‘Get on,’ he roared, ‘you lazy brute!’
 The wagon rumbled down the rough dirt-road, with springs creaking and frame clattering, on the verge of total collapse. Kassim lay bound, hand and foot, on the cracked and splintered rig-bed. Grinly and Filbert sat up front on the wooden plank that served as a seat. Every few seconds there was a whoosh and a crack as the whip cut the air.
‘Slow down, Grinly, you’ll kill him!’ pleaded Filbert, placing a hand on Grinly's arm.
Grinly pulled his arm away violently, ‘Don’t touch me!’ he growled, his eyes turning yellow, his skin grey. Black lips parted to show the broken discoloured teeth lying beneath.
Filbert cowered and covered his face with his hands, ‘I’m sorry, Mister Grinly, I...I...didn’t mean any harm,’ he whimpered.
‘Never touch me again, is that clear?’ he drew back and struck Filbert with the back of his free hand. 
Filbert, though a big strong man, flinched away from the blow and was genuinely cowed by Grinly's attack. The sailor's control over Filbert was growing stronger by the hour. The big farmer was also changing inside, becoming something new. He could feel the change and there was nothing that he could do to stop it. It was under his very skin; boring holes through his soul. Fear clawed at his mind, every waking hour. He was drowning in it, consumed by it. But yet though he knew it for its vileness, his one over-riding wish, above all else, was to please Grinly. He cried bitter tears for the loss of his old life, knowing now, that he could never go back. That he could not bear to be parted from the man sitting to his left. To be parted from his…master! 
The horse whinnied loudly and collapsed causing the wagon to cartwheel and crash into the ditch bordering the road. The three men were catapulted out over the hedge and crashed with a thump into the field just beyond.  Grinly finally sat up, white sparks flashed before his eyes. After a moment his head cleared and he saw Filbert gingerly getting to his feet. The wagon was beyond repair. The front two wheels had collapsed and the axles were bent. The horse lay twitching in lathered exhaustion, its body contorted by fatigue delirium, in the last throes of death.
Grinly stood and looked down at Kassim’s unmoving body, ‘Bring him,’ he ordered.
The big farmer easily picked Kassim up and threw him across his shoulder. ‘What do we do now?’ Filbert asked.
Grinly looked at him with scorn, ‘We walk. Fallowhill’s not far from here. It won’t take long.’
Grinly lead the way followed by Filbert with the unconscious Kassim thrown across his shoulder. The terrain was of flat open fields, covered by tough long-grass, and made for easy travel. They reached the outskirts of Darkbough Forest by late evening. Darkbough ringed Fallowhill, and was well named. The trees had an oppressive, brooding, feel to them. A gloomy darkness lingered ‘neath their densely packed bows; even during the brightest of sunny days in summer. The locals refused to come anywhere near the area. There were stories about Darkbough. Stories that stretched back into the distant past. Those who foolishly entered the forest were rarely seen again; or so the folklore went. Whether true or not, Darkbough had a rancid fearful ambience that was hard to ignore. Kassim was awake now and could walk for himself. He was positioned between the two men, as they trudged along in single file, his hands tied firmly behind his back. When he stumbled and fell, which happened quite frequently on the uneven terrain, he had no way of protecting his face. Blood dripped freely from the many small lacerations received. Grinly took great pleasure in Kassim’s suffering, smiling broadly whenever the Gypsy hurt himself. 
Grinly turned and looked down at Kassim lying face down after yet another fall, ‘On your face again, Gypsy?’ he grinned. ‘You need to take more care where you put your feet.’ He crouched over Kassim, ‘Wouldn’t want you to break your neck, now would we?’ he smiled.
‘Untie me, and we’ll see which of us ends up with the broken neck!’ growled Kassim.
‘Now-now!’ Grinly tapped Kassim’s face with the stick he was using as an aid. ‘You need to watch that aggression my little gypsy friend. It could land you in terrible trouble some day,’ he brought the stick up and struck Kassim viciously across the head.
Kassim grimaced and buried his face into the ferns to stop from crying out.
Grinly held the stick up again, letting it hover over Kassim’s head, ‘Any more comments?’
Kassim turned his face to the side and stared defiantly at Grinly but said nothing.
‘Good,’ nodded Grinly, then he turned to Filbert, ‘Pick him up!’ 
Filbert bent down and hauled Kassim upright again. The deeper they went into the woodland, the darker their surroundings were becoming. Sweat-drenched hours quickly passed during the long unbearably slow trek. Come late evening the ground started to slope upward. Grinly stopped and looked up towards the summit through the trees.  Smiling, he looked at Kassim, ‘Not long now, Gypsy,’ his smile becoming a mocking grin. ‘There’s someone wants to meet you…up there! Better be on your best behaviour now.’
Kassim looked up the hill and back at Grinly, ‘Can’t be much worse than having to smell your stink all day,’ he smiled back.
Grinly didn’t react, he just kept grinning, ‘At the top,’ he pointed up the slope, ‘we’ll see if your courage remains strong. I suspect not. The Master’s not so lenient, and his methods, very...direct! I’m going to enjoy watching you beg for mercy.’ 
Grinly started up the slope. Filbert gave Kassim a sharp push to start him walking. Kassim stared ahead, and muttered a silent prayer to the Goddess of Light.

It was midnight. Dark clouds obscured the Moon and stars, and thunder rumbled somewhere far off to the south, as Petr, Matt, and Yassap walked onto the circular clearing at the top of Fallowhill. The crest was bordered by a ring of rune-inscribed monoliths, twice the height of a man. Near the centre, Kassim was tied and hanging limply between two black-hued pillars. Grinly and Filbert stood on either side. Just behind them, two huge flat stones made a triangular doorway ten paces wide at its base. Bonfires blazed, bathing the scene in flickering orange light. 
Grinly smiled as the men approached, ‘So…you’ve finally arrived. I was beginning to think, you’d abandoned him.’
Yassap stopped just outside the ring of monoliths, ‘We don’t abandon our brothers - Darkfriend!’ he snarled.
Grinly chuckled, ‘No, but you may wish, you had, before we are finished, Thane coward!’ 
‘We’ve not come to trade insults with you. Release the prisoner, and we will spare your lives.’
Grinly's smile broadened, ‘And how do you propose to carry out this most hollow of threats?’  
Yassap untied the string holding his long overcoat closed and let it slide from his shoulders. Hidden beneath was a suit of armour of shimmering silver, inlaid with swirling designs in gold. An ornate long-sword made of gleaming polished steel was strapped to his left hip. The blade sang as he pulled it free from its scabbard, ‘As you can see, we’ve come prepared!’ he pointed the end of the sword at Grinly.
Grinly's smile quickly faded and he took an involuntary step backwards. There was fear in his eyes, ‘Wait...! We are but messengers!’ Grinly pleaded, suddenly losing his air of bravado.
Yassap took one step closer, ‘Then deliver your script and be done.’
Grinly swallowed hard before speaking, ‘My…gracious, Master, asks little in return for your kinsman. You would be wise to submit to his wishes. That ancient bottle now conveyed by the human is his price. In return, he will grant you this one’s life,’ he nodded towards Kassim. ‘What is your answer?’ 
Yassap nodded, ‘I will need a moment.’
Grinly smiled, ‘Take two. Time does not press.’
Yassap turned to face Petr and Matt, ‘Give me the phial, Petr.’
‘You know they’ll kill us just as soon as we hand it over,’ said Petr.
‘I need your trust, friend Petr?’
‘You have it, Yassap…without question.’
‘Then give me the bottle,’ Yassap held his hand out to Petr.
Petr unbuttoned the top of his hip bag, and pulled out the dun coloured container. The rune marks pressed into the wax seal seemed to glow with reflective yellow firelight as he handed it to Yassap, ‘Take it.’
Yassap turned and held the bottle up so that Grinly could see it, ‘Here it is!’
‘Bring it here so that we can make the exchange,’ said Grinly.
Yassap didn’t cross the boundary stones, ‘Release his restraints, at least…as a gesture of goodwill,’ he gestured towards Kassim.
Grinly nodded to Filbert. The farmer cut Kassim’s bonds, and the Gypsy fell to the ground unmoving.
‘What have you done to him?’ growled Yassap.
‘Nothing...much. He needed a lesson. Never knows when he’s beaten, that one,’ sneered Grinly as he kicked Kassim’s side. Kassim let out a groan, ‘You see, bruised, but alive.’ 
Yassap nodded and suddenly shouted, ‘Thane to me!’
Eleven men, clad in silver armour, burst from the tree-line and rushed the gateway. Two carried strange dark poles that glistened like polished black glass. They placed them between two of the monoliths at an angle so that they touched at their tips making a triangular door. The Thane ran between this opening, and as soon as the first warrior’s feet touched the ground inside the standing-stones a black wall appeared and enclosed the circle, blocking any retreat. A host of yellow-eyed, leather skinned, Bolg emerged from the portal door and attacked. The Thane would have been trapped save for the triangular opening made in the wall by those shimmering black poles. The gypsy warriors formed a line right in front of the gateway and hacked at the Bolg as soon as they emerged from the portal. The ground became slick with green Bolg blood. Yassap stood with his men, cleaving left and right. The dead mounted but still the Bolg came forward in bloodlust frenzy. After a time, the Thane started to lose ground, beaten back by the sheer weight of numbers.
Yassap turned to Petr, ‘Get Kassim out!’ he shouted.
Petr and Matt entered the circle of monoliths, grabbed hold of Kassim, and dragged his unconscious body back towards the opening.
‘Take this!’ shouted Yassap, as he threw the brown bottle towards Petr.
Petr reached out and grabbed the container with his free hand. As he did the wax seal cracked and some grey powder spilled out and covered his arm with dust. Letting go of Kassim, he fell to his knees. The powder was hot, and it burned on contact, leaving red welts wherever it seared flesh. It didn’t remain on the surface for long before disappearing beneath his skin. Petr looked down at his hands in amazement. As soon as the powder had burrowed beneath it began to glow. It twinkled like a million little stars in the palms of his hands and along his forearms before fading away completely. As quickly as the burning pain had come, it dissipated. The welts receded and the skin of his hands and arms returned to normal. 
‘Hurry! The door will not remain open indefinitely!’ Yassap shouted.
Petr’s senses returned. He stood and quickly grabbed hold of Kassim. The two young men dragged the gypsy out through the door and into the clearing just beyond. Inside the fort the Thane were still losing ground. Five lay dead amongst a small mound of Bolg corpses. Yassap gave the order to retreat and the remaining Thane ran for the exit. Two more perished in the rush. Yassap was the last one to get out. As he exited the doorway he stopped and threw an object back towards the portal, then hacked, with vigour, at the shimmering black poles with his sword. They collapsed, and closed the door. There was a blinding flash and a terrible roar as a great flame shot skyward. The walls encircling the Gate disappeared and the standing-stones collapsed inwards sending plumes of dust and debris flying into the air. The portal was destroyed. The surviving Thane lay exhausted on the ground, and stared at the smouldering remains of what was once a gateway to their lost world. 
Yassap finally got up and walked to where Petr and Matt were tending to Kassim’s wounds. ‘How is he?’ he asked. 
‘I’ll live,’ answered Kassim. 
‘Good to have you back, my friend.  Not that you are so indispensible, of course. It’s just...’ he shrugged, ‘Well it seems, the Ward has become rather attached to you,’ Yassap grinned, ‘he refused to take another step without you at his side…poor misguided youth.’ 
Kassim looked at Petr through bloodshot eyes, ‘Seems that’s two lives, I owe you.’
‘Show me how to cheat at cards and we’ll call it quits,’ Petr smiled.
Kassim sat up, groaned in pain, and nodded, ‘Now if someone could just gently help me up I think we’d best be on our way. It’s a long way to Blackfriars, and we have a mage’s daughter to rescue,’ he winked at Petr.
Unknown to Petr and the Thane, two men were making good their escape down the far side of the hill. Grinly ran as though the hounds of hell were snapping at his heels. He was running so fast that Filbert could barely keep up. When the sailor’s lungs threatened to explode he finally stopped and, with haunted eyes, turned to look back in the direction from which they had just fled. There was no sign of pursuit. Filbert fell to the ground beside him. It was long minutes before either one could speak.
Filbert finally broke the silence, ‘A disaster! A complete and utter disaster, that’s what it was! So what do we do now?’
Grinly glowered at his cohort, ‘First off, we make sure we’re safe. Then when the time’s right...’
‘What?’ asked Filbert.
‘We strike, of course - you fool!’
Filbert looked abashed, ‘Yes-yes, of course,’ he nodded, ‘But how?’ he finally added.
‘We find another Gate, squirrel brain! The Master will know what to do,’ he grinned, ‘and in the meantime - we wait, watch, and follow,’ he finished.
‘Yes,’ agreed Filbert, ‘Wait, watch, follow,’ he nodded in agreement. It’s a good plan.’
Grinly just snorted and walked away into the undergrowth. Filbert scrambled to get to his feet and scurried after. A night-bird’s call seemed to mock their passing. Grinly's frown became a scowl. 

The Fallowhill gateway was no more. Yassap looked forlornly at the jumble of broken boulders, where it once stood, feeling deep sorrow. The Thane homeland now felt just a little further away, to the gypsy chieftain. Wisps of smoke drifted lazily up from between the rubble before disappearing into the overcast sky. 
Petr walked over and stood by his side, ‘That was quite an explosion. I’ve seen the army use similar devices during the summer festival. I think they call them grenades. They’d light a fuse and throw the device into a water barrel. The noise was terrific,’ he smiled. ‘Though nowhere near as powerful as the one that you used, I suspect.’
Yassap looked at Petr and grinned, ‘It was not a grenade, friend Petr,’ Yassap stuck his hand into a small bag by his side and pulled out a multi-coloured crystal the size of a child’s fist, ‘They’re called Halacines, or Moonstones. They hold a great amount of energy. To release the energy you simply have to smash the crystal against any hard surface. Just try not to be standing too close when you do,’ he laughed.
‘Halacine? I’ve never heard of them.’
‘That’s understandable, they are a Thane invention. We’ve not been idle, in exile.’
Petr took the Moonstone in his hand and held it up. Light from the dying bonfires illuminated the surface revealing the many colours within. The crystal was a mixture of red, green, and amber. The colours seemed alive, they swirled and changed whenever the Halacine was moved, ‘Is there liquid inside?’ asked Petr.
‘It seems that way, doesn’t it,’ agreed Yassap, ‘but no. The crystal is solid all the way through. The movement that you perceive is just an effect of the magics used during the construction.’
‘Isn’t it a bit dangerous carrying around a bag of these things strapped to your side? I mean, supposing you were to stumble?’
Yassap laughed, ‘The crystals sense intent. They cannot explode by friction alone. It must be the carrier's wish that they explode. Without intent, they remain as hard and unbreakable as diamond.’
Kassim limped over to the two men, ‘We should go. The Enemy won’t take this defeat lightly and there is danger while he knows where we are.’
Petr turned sharply to face Kassim, ‘But didn’t you say that they are unable to cross the Divide into our world?’
Kassim nodded, ‘In the past that would have been the case. But times are changing. The old rules may not hold true for much longer, and we should be prepared. As the Barrier weakens, they may find ways through.’
‘Kassim’s right. We should move now,’ agreed Yassap.
Petr nodded and handed back the Moonstone to Yassap. The journey back down the hill was uneventful and they soon found the spot where they had left their backpacks. Huff had been left behind to guard them, and was sat atop the pile with a stick in his hand. He whooped with delight and scampered toward the men, as Petr, Matt and Kassim appeared from the undergrowth of the forest. Jumping onto Petr’s shoulders first, then Matt and finally Kassim. ‘Huff protect bags! Huff protect bags! You see!’ he squealed in delight jumping from one man to the other.
It took a little time to calm the Tolluk down, so overjoyed was the little man-thing at seeing his friends again. It was with heavy hearts that they left their fallen comrades upon the unhallowed ground of Fallowhill, and made the long trek back to the gypsy camp at Erenburn. Few spoke as they traipsed along, most were lost in thought.
















CH 7:
It was dawn. But dawn in Netherworld was a dark joyless event. The inky black of night was gone, replaced by the cheerless half-light of a dying sun. The land was bleak, sickly, a colourless imitation, of its former self. Bloated dark clouds roiling on the verge of release, pushed incessantly by a cold westerly wind. Salamander climbed the last few steps to the door of the Oriel Witch’s castle, stopped and looked up at the black granite walls. Her fortress, nestled in a large crevasse half way up Black Mountain, was more a tower than a castle. A tower with surrounding walls, would best describe it, thought Salamander. He continued on until he reached the double doors of the curtain wall and banged hard on the wood with the hilt of his knife. He could feel hidden eyes watching his every move. Rain began to fall and quickly grew to a deluge. Soon he was drenched, but still he waited. Finally there was movement on the other side. With a great creaking groan, one door started to open. It stopped moving when it was wide enough for a single man to fit through. A spiteful, rodent-like head, appeared through the gap. It was Guzkat, the witch’s aide; a fat, bald, and very ugly Perlag. Ugly creatures as a rule, the tallest never reaching no more than hip-height to a man, Perlags are foul, dirty, creatures, with a fancy for wickedness. Guzkat was the ugliest and smelliest Perlag that Salamander had ever come across, which was quite an achievement considering his peers. Perlags, mostly, inhabit the rocky eastern lands of Netherworld, and are well known to be cannibals during times of great need.  But Guzkat had taken the custom, to new lows. He especially liked young Perlag, and had a fondness for juvenile flesh that was close to mania. Cruel and vindictive, he extracted great pleasure from inflicting inordinate pain on his unfortunate victims, before death's final release ended their torment. And that was just one of his many perversions.
‘So…you’ve returned!’ hissed Guzkat, his lips curled by an annoyed grimace exposing sharp yellowed teeth. ‘The Mistress will want to hear your tidings. For your sake, they’d better be good!’
Salamander’s upper lip tightened as he struggled to hide his distain, ‘My tidings are for the witch’s ears alone, Rodent!’ Salamander pushed past the squat Perlag and strode into the courtyard before the tower. 
‘Wait!’ wailed Guzkat, ‘I will have to announce you!’ he shouted after Salamander’s quickly retreating back, while simultaneously trying to shove the outer door closed.
There were two enormous eight foot high Helgurd’s guarding the door to the tower. They placed their axes across the pathway to stop Salamander from gaining entrance. ‘None may enter without permission!’ said one of the heavily muscled guards, in the clacking tones of his species; punctuating the statement with a few loud snaps of his large ivory-coloured beak.
‘I’m expected,’ said Salamander.
‘None may enter without permission!’ snarled the second Helgurd, his brown hide the knurled consistency of ancient oak.
‘You will pay for your insolence half-breed,’ wheezed Guzkat, struggling to catch his breath after the short run from the gate.
Salamander turned and placed a hand on the hilt of his knife. There was calm resolution in his eyes.
 Guzkat saw the look and stepped back in terror, ‘What I mean is...ah...the...the Mistress...will be angry if you do not follow protocol. You must be announced properly, it’s only right,’ his nod almost became a bow.
Salamander looked at the fat little creature for a moment. Guzkat visibly flinched under the glare. Cold sweat formed on his pale bald head as he stared into the eyes of death.
‘Then you’d best be sharp. Time wastes,’ Salamander finally said.
Guzkat gave a jerky nod and a worried smile as he passed Salamander and entered the tower, ‘You may follow,’ he turned and bade Salamander enter.
The Helgurd’s resumed their original pose; staring straight ahead, axe’s cradled  casually in the nook of a forearm. Salamander passed between them and entered the tower. Guzkat was already scampering up the winding stone stairs that lead to the upper chambers. After many such steps they came to the first level. This was the soldier’s quarters. There were many Helgurds and Perlags here, some in armour, some sleeping on beds of hay. Most stopped and stared as Salamander came into view. A few gathered, glanced briefly, and whispered slyly. Salamander felt uneasy, something had changed since his last visit. Tension filled the air, silently oppressive and acute. They passed quickly through the guard-room and continued on up the stairs to the next level to the guard’s mess hall. Perlag cooks were busily preparing food for the troops. A foul, sickly, stench issued from the frothing contents of several large black cauldrons to assail the senses. Salamander saw that one of the pots was bubbling wildly. A Perlag cook was standing on a low stool, stirring the contents. A stray arm popped up from the mix and was shoved back down using the end of the ladle. Salamander turned away in disgust. 
Guzkat noticed, ’You’ve had a long trip. Perhaps you would like to eat before meeting the Mistress?’ there was a wicked smile starting to curl the edges of his mouth. 
Salamander coolly looked at the revolting little Perlag, ‘I’ve already eaten.’
‘Really. It’s just that...well... I couldn’t help but notice that you were looking at the pots, and naturally assumed your need for sustenance.’
‘There’s little escapes your eye, Rodent.’
Guskat puffed out his chest and smiled rather smugly at the perceived complement.
‘But, I’m afraid, this time you’ve missed the mark. I was pondering a small conundrum…if truth be told. Those pots look a little under-filled for such a large troop. I was wondering if the cooks required additional meat.’ Salamander stared oddly at Guskat.
Guskat took the meaning and stumbled backwards on the steps of the stairs, ‘No...they...they have more than enough to meet demand!’ he swallowed hard. ‘Please follow, Salamander. I’ll show you the way,’ Guzkat’s hands were visibly shaking now, and he almost ran up the stairs, ahead of the assassin, to the next level.
The next level was the sleeping quarters for servants and aides to the witch. After that they finally came to the living quarters of the witch herself. They stood on the landing of the witch’s private rooms. Two more Helgurd’s stood guard, with customary axe in hand. Guzkat knocked on the door and announced himself. 
There was a short pause, ‘Enter,’ answered a cold emotionless voice.
Guskat lifted the latch and pushed the door open. He bowed low as he entered the room, ‘The Assassin has returned, Mistress, and awaits an audience.’
The Oriel Witch sat crocheting on a soft armchair in front of a large fireplace the grate, of which, looked as though it hadn’t seen fire for many years. The room was cold. ‘Bring him to me,’ she ordered. 
Guskat beckoned to Salamander, ‘The Mistress will see you now.’
Salamander entered the cold room and walked over to where the witch was sitting, ‘It is done,’ he said flatly.
‘You have the girl?’ the witch asked, without lifting her face. 
‘Yes,’ Salamander held out the silver flask.
The witch stopped crocheting and looked at the device. A small smile parted her overripe lips  exposing rows of pointed teeth, ‘You’ve done well,’ she reached for container.
Salamander pulled the flask back out of her grasp, ‘First - my family.’
Anger momentarily flared in the witch’s black eyes, ‘But of course. You have pleased me, and I will reward you accordingly. I will fill your pockets with gold in thanks, Salamander.’
‘All that I want is to have my family returned to me, as was promised!’ he growled.
‘But first…please sit. We will talk a short while,’ she indicated the armchair opposite.
Salamander reluctantly sat, ‘And what would you have me tell you.’
‘Join me in a glass of wine. This is a day of triumph, and as such I would have you celebrate with me,’ she filled two glasses with red wine and passed one to Salamander. 
As he accepted the offered glass their hands briefly touched sending a terrible chill through him to his very core. Though sternly beautiful, her pallid skin was deathly cold. 
She smiled without parting her lips and sat back, sipping from her glass. Her long black hair, interlaced with silver thread, had been tied into a high conical bun on the top of her head. She was a handsome woman, if icy and emotionless, with menace in every move, and a snare in every word. Menace enveloped, and surrounded, her like deathly shroud, ‘Tell me,’ she finally said, ‘tell me, of your journey.’
‘What do you wish to know?’ Salamander sat back.
‘The Barrier is weakening,’ she stated flatly, ‘soon we will cross.’
Salamander shrugged, ‘I care little,’ he absently sipped his wine and looked away.
‘So true. You care little for causes, good or bad. A man without sides, or perhaps a man of all sides,’ she teased.
‘I suit myself, you know this well,’ he scowled.
‘Yes, I do. But all creatures have weakness. To some, it’s riches, to others…a cause. You,’ she pointed a black-nailed finger at him. ‘…you were hard to persuade this time. Why is that? For a man without allegiance, I mean,’ her eyes bored into his.
Salamander sipped the wine again, ‘It was not convenient at the time.’
‘Time can be bought. Everything has its price. But yet, on this occasion you refused. You were offered gold, precious stones, power, but you steadfastly refused. Why is that? I’ve found use for your talents many times in the past, but this time I couldn’t buy you. I’m…intrigued.’
Salamander shuffled in his chair. The room suddenly felt much warmer, ‘I choose as I please. Nothing’s changed. It was not convenient at the time, a simple truth. Do with it as you wish,’ he shrugged.
‘No. I don’t believe that to be so. You’ve changed. Become...unreliable. I don’t trust those without price. It’s so - illogical,’ she shook her head. ‘I’ve pondered it long. The answer came late one night. It surprised me. Could it be that a something as simple as love could change the amoral to moral? I pride myself on knowing men’s hearts, you see. And I’d long ago placed a label upon yours. So when you suddenly changed character, well - I just had to act.’
Sweat ran down Salamander’s brow and the room started to spin. He threw the wine-glass to the ground and tried to stand but his legs crumpled under his weight. He lay on the cold ground watching the ceiling spin out of control, ‘Why--?’ he managed to croak.
The witch stood over him and smiled, exposing her pointed teeth, ‘Because you refused me, dear man. And if you had the gall to do that then, logically, aiding my enemies might also have become an option for you. And you are just too good at what you do to be allowed that kind of freedom. So, you see, I simply couldn’t take the chance. What if you were to change sides at a crucial moment? You could destroy all that I’ve worked so hard to achieve all of these long years. So you see when all is weighed and sorted, I really didn’t have an option at all, now did I?’ she bent low and took the silver flask from Salamander’s hand.
‘My...family...you promised!’ he croaked.
‘Yes, and I’ve held true to that promise. I swore that I would do them no harm, and my word is my bond,’ she gave a quick snorting laugh.
‘They’re...unharmed?’ croaked Salamander again.
The witch straightened, ‘You’ll have to ask those entrusted with their keeping. But be heartened by the fact that I have done them no harm...personally!’ she grinned coldly.
‘Who...?’ asked Salamander as the last of his strength left him.
‘I gave them to the dungeon-master. He so enjoys playing with all of his inmates. I believe he played with your family...quite a lot,’ her frigid laugh was precise and cruel. 
Salamander tried to scream but the sound wouldn’t leave his throat. Darkness engulfed him.

A distant scream brought him to his senses. Salamander opened his eyes. The room was cold, dark, and the floor was wet. He was bound hand and foot and lying on a straw pallet. With great effort he managed to sit up. The stench of rotting flesh was nauseating. The sound of a slamming door was followed by the clink of jangling keys. Someone was approaching. Pale light filtered under the door allowing him to see his surroundings. There was a rotting corpse chained to the far wall, he’d found the source of the smell. The corpse was covered in a mass of small red insects busily consuming the putrefying flesh. It was hard to know what the dead creature had once been, so degraded was the flesh. The light grew stronger as the lamp-owner drew near. A key was placed in the lock and turned and the door swung open. Salamander hid his eyes from the sudden harsh brightness.
‘You’re awake…good,’ snorted Guskat, ‘you can carry your own weight. Free his legs!’
Two large Helgurds entered the room dressed in dirty leather coveralls. They cut the ropes binding Salamander’s legs together and roughly pulled him to his feet. Guskat remained outside the cell holding the lamp to light their work.
‘Bring him!’ ordered Guskat as he turned and headed back up the passageway.
Salamander was still weak from the drug and easily controlled by the guards.
Once out of the lower cells of the dungeon, he was taken down a second filthy passageway. At a junction they turned left where a stone stairway lead to a heavy wooden door. All was darkness except for the small pool of light cast from Guzkat’s lamp. The two guards half dragged the weakened assassin up the steps and kicked the door open. Another door-lined corridor disappeared into the darkness ahead. On reaching the third door Guskat opened it and walked through, the assassin close behind dragged, unceremoniously, by his Helgurd guards. The room was sparsely furnished. Blood spattered the walls and floor. A heavy wooden table had been placed in the centre, and there was a blood-soaked blanket covering, what looked to be, a small body. 
Guzkat smiled evilly at Salamander as he approached the table. ‘The Mistress wanted you to see that she had kept her part of the bargain,’ he sneered.
Salamander’s head cleared a little, ‘What are you talking about?’
‘It was promised that your wife would be returned to you alive,’ he was still sneering.
Salamander was being supported by the two guards. Using his last reserves of strength he pushed himself upright and stood, ‘Where is she?’
Guzkat looked at the table, ‘Behold!’ he pulled the blanket away. ‘Just as the Mistress promised. Let none ever say that her word is false!’ he laughed maliciously.
Salamander cried out at the sight of his wife. Her broken body, a mixture of cuts and bruises beyond count. His hands were freed and he was pushed forward. Tears and spittle mixed and flowed from his eyes and mouth, as his heart imploded, ‘What have they done to you, my love…my dear sweet love?’ Salamander looked at her mangled body. She was beyond recognition. ‘Mazial…I have returned,’ he touched her face tenderly, tears dropping from cheek and chin.
Slowly the young coven-witch began to turn her face towards his, ‘I...prayed...to the Dark Prince that I would last 'til you returned,’ she reached across with her one good arm and touched his face.
‘Why--?’ Salamander roared while looking at Guzkat.
‘A message,’ shrugged Guzkat, smiling broadly, ‘No-one refuses my mistress when she beckons. Not even you, Salamander. Especially not you,’ he pointed at the door. ‘Now the word will go out. When the Oriel Witch calls, you had better come running,’ he laughed loudly. ‘Come let us leave them,’ he beckoned to his men. ‘They have much catching up to do,’ he laughed even louder as he closed the door, leaving Salamander alone with his wife.
Salamander knelt in the darkness feeling Maziel’s faltering heart-beat, ‘What of the child?’ he finally asked.
The young witch squeezed his hand tightly, ‘Guzkat…!’ she whispered, then said no more.
Salamander knew what that meant. His young son was dead, ‘I’ve brought this evil upon us. It’s my fault. It’s all my fault!’ he whimpered into her ear while holding her close.
‘No...you’re wrong. The die was cast long before this, my visions were clear… Of all the creatures under her control, she fears only you. There was no escape for us once her decision was made. She could not rest soundly again until you and your seed had been eradicated.’ 
Salamander kissed her tenderly, ‘I am broken,’ he whispered, ‘I cannot go on.’
‘You must. Much depends upon it.’
‘I will not!’ I cannot--’ he shook his head.  
‘Then I have waited in vain.’
‘You speak in riddles, my love.’
‘All things must end. That is the way of it. But this is not your time. There is much that you have yet to do.’
‘My life ends with you!’ he cried.
‘If that is so then she truly has won. Promise me you will live,’ she squeezed his hand once again. Live and avenge us! Live, and release the girl! Above all, you must keep her from Ursilla’s clutches! Save her, for spite’s sake if no other! Grant me this, my final request and I will die contented.’
Salamander said nothing for a long moment, ‘It’s too late. She already rests beneath Ursilla’s hand. There’s nothing that I can do.’
Maziel wiped his tear streaked face with her hand, ‘You’ll find a way, husband. You always do. Now promise me!’
Salamander finally nodded, ‘I promise.’
Maziel smiled, ‘Now do me one last kindness,’ her voice quivered as she spoke.
‘Anything,’ he whispered.
‘Release me from this pain,’ she squeezed his hand again.
Salamander kissed her one more time then stood and placed his hands on her head.
‘I love you,’ she whispered.
‘I love you too,’ answered Salamander. 
There was a crack as Maziel’s neck snapped. It was a quick death and she felt no pain. He was, after all…an expert. Salamander knelt beside her once more, placed his head on her chest and held her close. Despair consumed him. 

Few remembered her original name, she was simply known as the Oriel Witch. A vile and perfidious creature of evil, to be feared and avoided whenever possible. But every living thing has a beginning, and if sentient, a name. Her’s was Ursilla. She was born to a lair-witch, and sired by a Daemon Lord of the Second Hall. Her first kill was at the age of five when she slit an offering’s throat during the midwinter festival. She could still remember the man’s fear, his warm blood; it was intoxicating. As she grew she killed randomly and regularly, for the thrill. Enough was never enough, she bathed is rivers of blood. Until at last the world was divided by the Thane and she was denied her prey. Humanity had long forgotten the horrors of the old world. But those horrors still remained, and waited patiently, just out of sight, on the other side of the Divide. Ursilla sat in her armchair and toyed with the silver flask in which Salamander had imprisoned Jennaiel. What to do…? I could simply throw it in a fire and be done. But no! That would be far too easy. And besides, the girl has value. But how to best extract it…? Dhaalu would pay well. And she would suffer in his reprobate hands, Ursilla smiled at the thought. He would bed her, and she would mother Darkborn unto death. A fitting end for the Thane whore! she nodded. But perhaps I’m being hasty and missing the point. She is, after all, a Fire Mage. I could take her power for my own. Yes…why not! Become Dhaalu’s equal, or perhaps even…his better! Ursilla stood, took a few paces forward and stopped. Why not indeed, she looked at the flask again. A sharp twist broke the seal. Thick white smoke billowed from the open top. When it dissipated Jenna was standing before the witch.
The young woman looked bewilderedly around at the strange surroundings, ‘Where am I?’
Ursilla smiled her cold smile, ‘You’re in my home, and welcome.’
‘And where exactly is that?’ Jenna pressed.
‘It's called the Pinnacle of Neru, by some,’ added Ursilla.
Jenna took a step backwards in shock, ‘The Black Spire!’ she exclaimed, placing her hands to her face.
‘You’ve been schooled well I see. Good…it saves time.’
‘Then you must be...’ Jenna’s eyes widened.
‘Your hostess, my dear. Please sit, you look as though you have the need,’ Ursilla sat down in her usual armchair.
Jenna stood rigid, shock had paralysed her legs.
‘Please, my dear, do sit. Your body will be weak and disorientated for a time.’
Jenna slowly made her way to the second armchair and reluctantly sat, ‘What’s to become of me?’ she finally asked.
‘That all depends on how...co-operative…you are. Give me what I want and you will be treated well.’
‘And if I refuse?’
The witch laughed, ‘Then it will not go easy for you.’
‘I have nothing of value. What could you possibly want from me?’
Ursilla looked mildly confused, ‘Is it possible that you don’t know, child?’
‘Know what? Don’t play games with me.’
The witch laughed aloud, ‘This is just too precious. You really have no idea, do you?’ 
‘If I did then I’d admit it. I have nothing to hide.’
Ursilla sat back shaking her head in disbelief, ‘I suppose they thought they were protecting you in some way, by keeping you ignorant. Fools!’
‘By not telling me what?’ asked Jenna.
‘That you are the Keeper of the Ash…,’ the witch shook her head, waiting for the words to strike a chord with Jenna. ‘…Spark and Flame…?’ she added as if her words would somehow finally answer all questions.
‘Keeper of the Ash, Spark and Flame…is that supposed to mean something to me?’ Jenna flung her hands up in exasperation.
‘Why, my dear child, you are the daughter of Dannay…and by blood…a Fire Mage!’
Jenna’s jaw dropped open. 
Ursilla laughed, ‘This is a sweet gift. It’s been long since I’ve laughed so. I’d almost forgotten how.’
‘This cannot be,’ Jenna shook her head.
‘Deny it all you want, it changes little. You are what you are,’ smiled Ursilla.
‘So says the mother of lies!’ hissed Jenna.
‘My, dear child,’ the witch shook her head. ‘What’s there to gain by such a revelation if it were not true? The answer lies within your heart. You need look no further. You know I’m right. Not because of what I say. Oh no! But because it feels so upon inward glance. Mother of lies indeed,’ Ursilla’s black eyes twinkled in the lamplight. ‘A child’s pathetic jibe when in reality I am so much more. If you only knew, you would be curled like a frightened rabbit in the corner of the room,’ Ursilla’s voice suddenly rose in anger, ‘And it would be a fear well justified!’ she hissed, ‘For I am Mistress of the Dark, Herald of Doom, Queen of Despair, and I take whatever I desire!’ Ursilla jumped from her chair and placed her hands on either side of Jenna’s face.
The pain was unbearable. Jenna was frozen to the spot and couldn’t move. As darkness washed over her, the last memory was that of the witch’s terrible black eyes…cold and powerful. 

When Jenna awoke, she was lying on a four-poster bed in a windowless room. As she sat up the room began to spin, she raised a hand to her throbbing temple to ease the pain. After long minutes the spinning stopped and she was able to stand without holding onto the bed-posts for support.  Her legs felt heavy as she carefully walked the few steps to the wooden door at the far end of the room. A quick turn of the handle confirmed her fears. It was locked. She scanned the room. To one side there was a table with a water jug and glass. The water was welcome, and helped clear her foggy mind further. The room was escape-proof. There was only one way in or out, the heavy wooden door.  She sat down heavily on the bed, as she did a key turned in the lock and the door was opened. 
Ursilla stood in the frame, ‘Good morning. I trust you slept well?’
‘How long...?’
‘You slept soundly for one day and one night.’
The memories suddenly came flooding back, ‘You attacked me!’
‘You were impolite! Count yourself lucky that the punishment was light.’
Jenna stood, ‘What are your intentions?’
‘You have something that I want.’
‘Which is?’ asked Jenna.
‘Something you have no use for...now. You will teach me the secrets of the Fire Mage.’
‘How can I teach what I know nothing about.’
Ursilla walked towards Jenna, ‘The knowledge is already there,’ she reached up and brushed a few strands of Jenna’s hair back over her brow ‘It will just take a little time to bring it out into the light, for all to see...and use.’
Jenna slapped Ursilla’s hand away, ‘Don’t touch me!’ she hissed.
Ursilla’s eyes tightened, ‘You have spirit,’ she smiled, grabbed Jenna by the throat, and pushed her back onto the bed, ‘I am going to enjoy breaking it!’
The pain returned but this time Jenna did not pass out. The agony was unbearable, and she screamed for hours.







CH 8:
Kassim needed time to heal. He’d been badly beaten by Grinly, and was covered in cuts and bruises. They spent two days recovering in the gypsy camp at Erendell, where he was tended by Elucia. The local farmers had helped the gypsies rebuild the damage caused during the night of the attack. The whole event was a cause of extreme embarrassment now that they were no longer under Grinly's evil control. There was even a collection made, into which, all gave generously. It would take a long time to regain the trust that had been lost, but, at least, a good start had been made. 
Yassap came walking across the campsite on the morning of the third day. He smiled and waved as he came closer, ‘A good day for making a start,’ he said.
Kassim smiled back, ‘Yes and not a minute too soon. We’ve wasted much time as it is.’
Yassap waggled a contradictory finger at Kassim, ‘Healing time is never a waste, brother Kassim. You were in no condition for the road after Fallowhill.’
‘I’ve travelled further, and in worse condition, in past.’
‘True, but the stakes are now much higher. One slip could hand victory to our enemy, without a fight. And besides, a message has been sent and an answer received. Our brothers at the Three Sisters are expecting our arrival. We must arrive before the next full moon. That’s a full week from now, so we have plenty of time.’
‘Why does he keep saying, we,’ asked Matt.
‘Because, friend Matt, I’m coming with you, as well as ten of my best men.’
‘Wouldn’t it be a better idea to keep our movements more…low-key?’ asked Petr.
‘That time is over, friend Petr. The enemy will be watching and waiting for another chance, and we cannot afford that risk. We will escort you all the way to the Three Sisters. You’ll be safe once there.’
‘Who are these, three sisters, you keep mentioning?’ asked Matt.
Yassap laughed, ‘It’s the name given to three mountains of identical height to the west of Plimton.’
Matt turned a little red, ‘What happens when we get there?’
‘We get answers…and direction,’ answered Kassim.
‘From who?’ asked Matt.
‘It’s the encampment of the Sayer,’ added Kassim.
‘The what?’ exclaimed Matt, looking more than a little confused..
‘The Sayer. She is our Wisdom. A diviner of tellings and seer of future possibilities. She is known to humans as the fortune teller Blind Meg.’

It was a late morning start; delayed by breakfast and the goodbyes of those that had gathered to see the band off. They would travel on horseback, which was a welcome change after the many miles of walking. By midday they had passed beyond the environs of Erenburn and were well on the way towards Shale Ravine; a shortcut between Erenburn and Shaleborough on the far side of the Shale Hills. Clouds darkened the sky driven by cold southerly winds blowing northwards from the ice fields of The Barren, far across the sea to the south.  Yassap lead the group flanked on his right by Kassim. The Thane had removed their shining silver armour and were once more garbed in normal clothing. By late evening they had entered the rock-strewn gully that was Shale Ravine. Sheer walls of grey lifeless rock rose high on either side of a long narrow rift dissecting the Shale Hills. Yassap signalled for the party to stop and make camp. The first drops of cold rain were starting to fall as the group huddled around a campfire ‘neath a deep overhang to one side of the trail. Yassap stared into the increasing darkness of the fast approaching night.
Petr walked over and stood beside the stocky Thane leader, ‘You look worried.’
Yassap turned, looked at Petr, and nodded, ‘I sense…a change.’
Petr exhaled slowly, ‘Are we in danger?’
Yassap stared out into the gloom again, ‘There is always danger, friend Petr.’
‘What then?’ Petr prodded.
‘It’s hard to put into words...something is about to happen...there is tension in the air.’
Both men scanned the darkness for movement, but there was nothing to be seen.
‘There, can you feel it?’ Yassap finally asked, as though something significant had just occurred.
Petr neither saw nor felt anything. He shook his head, ‘I felt nothing.’
‘Forget about your eyes and ears. Use only your skin.’
Petr looked oddly at the Thane leader, ‘My skin?’
Yassap smiled, ‘Yes, friend Petr. It is through your skin that you are truly in contact with the world around you. Eyes are necessary for seeing the world, that is true, and ears for hearing the world. But the skin is in direct contact with the fabric of the world. It is through the skin that we sense what is about to occur.’
‘You’re talking about the Third Eye. The ability to see what is unseen. We covered the subject at the druid college, the teachings of Dowel Leng.’
‘Yes similar, but not exact. Close your eyes, and concentrate on the surface of your skin,’ said Yassap.
Petr did as he was instructed.
‘Feel the subtle changes in the air all around you. Become aware of the heat from the fire to your left. Now feel the cold air blowing in from the front.’
Petr became aware of the different temperature changes all around his body like never before, ‘This is amazing,’ he smiled, ‘I would never have believed that it was possible.’
‘Good, now concentrate further. Go beyond the mere sensations of touch, venture deeper, into the very roots of the hairs that cover your body to feel the energy of your own life-force.’
Petr allowed his mind to drop deeper into probing relaxation. At first he could hear only the wind. As he became more relaxed all external sounds died away so that he could hear his heart's rhythm. Finally there was silence.
Yassap took a step closer, ‘You are doing very well, Petr. You are at the point of seeing without looking. Become aware of your life-force. It courses through your body, through every organ, every pore and even extends out beyond the confines of your skin to touch the very fabric of the world around you.’
Petr became aware of a slight pressure against the surface of his skin, ‘I feel pressure.’
‘Excellent. What you are feeling now is the life-force of the trees, rocks, and creatures all around you.’
‘This is quite incredible,’ Petr couldn’t help but smile.
‘Now just hold that feeling for a moment I will tell you when there’s a change,’
Petr concentrated on the feeling of pressure pushing against his skin. Suddenly there was a large pulse. It felt as though something had pushed hard against his life-force.
‘Did you feel that?’ asked Yassap.
‘Yes I did! But what was it?’
‘Something strong, and it's trying to get through.’
‘Through what?’
‘The Barrier between worlds.’

The night was cold and wet, and Petr squirmed in his blanket, unable to find sleep after many hours of trying. The overhang offered protection from the worst of the rain, but gusting winds sprayed water in all directions with enough regularity to thwart any hope of meaningful rest. The spitting fire snarled petulant hissing protests at the squall, in spiteful retort, at every surge. 
Thane guards stood watch at either end of the camp, oblivious to the weather, heavy cloaks and drawn hoods shielding them from the worst of the storm. Petr stared at the ceiling of the overhang. Small yellow stalagmites grew crystal droplets that fell, when heavy, with the regularity of a ticking clock. Transfixed by the rhythm, his mind slipped free from the confines of his body, and spiralled down until it touched the now familiar feeling of his life-force. Closing his eyes he drifted, half asleep, feeling the pulse and flow of the world around him. Noting the subtle differences in feel and texture of animate and inanimate. People and animals had the strongest force, then plants, and finally rock and stone. He could feel it all. It comforted and reassured him in his near slumber. Quite suddenly that harmony was broken and a tidal wave of pressure buffeted his senses making his mind spin out of control. He sat up, held his temples, and groaned. 
Yassap was awake and out of his blankets almost at the same moment, ‘Wake up!’ he shouted, ‘to arms, there is danger!’
There was a scramble of arms and legs as men grabbed for weapons. The Bolg came out of the wet night like a wall made of steel and jagged teeth. Their leathery dark skin was the perfect camouflage during night’s dark embrace, but their glowing yellow eyes betraying the multitude of their numbers. They barked and yelped in excitement as they fell upon the small band of warriors. The Thane were more than a match for the Darkborn and easily cut a sway through their ranks with expert precision. Yassap opened a bag of Halacite Crystals and passed them to Petr. Matt stood mesmerised at the sight of the ugly, misshapen, Bolg now flinging themselves at the Thane in bloodlust frenzy. Dazzling white flares of light exploded among the closely packed bodies of the advancing horde as Petr threw Halacite bombs into their midst. Disembodied arms and legs flew high into the sky with each bang. The Thane had formed a protective semi-circular ring around Petr and Matt, killing any who came close. Just as quickly as the attack had started, it stopped, and there was silence. Petr felt his skin relax as that unusual feeling of pressure receded and died away. It somehow felt as though a door had been closed and the world had returned to normal.
‘That’s it, they’ve gone,’ announced Yassap.
Two of the Thane were badly injured and two others also needed medical attention. Yassap passed among his men checking on each of them and giving a word of encouragement when needed. In time he got to where Petr and Matt were sitting, ‘We were lucky. They couldn’t sustain the gate for long. The Barrier still holds.’
‘Are we near a fort?’ asked Matt.
Yassap frowned as he answered, ‘No, friend Matt, we’re not.’
‘But how...?’ Matt looked confused.
‘I’d warned that this could happen. As the Wall fails the Darkborn will find weaknesses.’
‘But you told us that they would only come from the faery forts,’ scowled Matt.
‘I know...this was unforeseen.’
‘Unforeseen! What’s does that mean? I thought you were supposed to be the expert on these bloody things!’
‘Easy Matt, it’s not Yassap’s fault,’ chided Petr.
‘Then whose fault is it?  Yours, mine, Kassim or maybe Huff? You tell me Petr?’ Matt shouted.
‘Matt, please…you’re not helping--’ started Petr, leaning across to touch Matt’s arm.
‘Well if I’m not, then perhaps you’re better off without me!’ screamed Matt, pulling his arm away and storming off towards where the horses were picketed.
The others stood with sad downcast expressions and watched as he disappeared into the dark predawn.
‘I’m sorry, Yassap, he doesn’t mean it. We’ve had a bad time of late. I think Matt’s suffered most. It’s hard for him to make sense out of all that’s happened.’
‘I understand. It will take some time to adjust to this new reality,’ said Yassap.
Petr nodded, ‘Thank you.’
As Yassap turned to leave Petr grabbed his sleeve, ‘One thing more,’
‘Yes, what is it?’
‘Before the attack, I could feel something...my life-force. I could also sense the world around me.’
‘You’ve made quick progress, well done.’
‘I also felt an incredible surge, as though a large wave had washed over my body. It left me disorientated for a time.’
Yassap smirked, ‘What you felt was the opening of a portal. The shock ripped through the fabric of this world. You were stunned by its nearness.’
‘How is that possible?’
‘Dhaalu’s strength grows as the Sun weakens. For a short time he was able to bridge the gap between the worlds and make them one. Not the whole world you understand. But a localised bubble could be sustained for a short time given the right set of circumstances.’ 
‘Does that mean that he can attack us whenever he likes?’
‘Yes, but there are limits. He cannot form a bubble indefinitely, his power is finite. And he cannot track our movements in this world. He must rely on spies to relay that information to him.’
‘Spies...what spies?’
‘Darkfriends. Men and women of dark intent, beguiled by force or promised gain,’ Yassap smiled.
‘Grinly!’ Petr growled.
‘Yes. And the fact that we were discovered means he must be close.’
Petr’s face darkened, ‘Should we try to find him?’
‘No. He’s a slippery one. It would take too much time to track him and by then Dhaalu would have rested and renewed his strength. Before we knew what was happening we would be surrounded by Bolg. Except, next time it would be out in the open, and with fewer men to help fight them off.’
Petr looked over at the quartet of bandaged men, ‘Will they be able to ride?’
‘No. I’ll send them back to Erendell. Once away from us they’ll be safe.’
‘Where do we go from here?’
‘We make for Shaleborough. It’s the last town before Blackforest. We’ll be safe there. Well...for one night at least,’ Yassap smiled and turned away to talk to the wounded Thane.
The Sun's first rays lifted the gloom chasing the night shadows into clefts or down jagged holes. Petr stood looking out at the falling rain and the mounds of black soot that had once been bow-legged Bolg warriors. He shook his head. Yassap was right; the world had changed, and would never be the same again. With a sigh he turned and went to find Matt.

Grinly clung to the lip of the overhang listening to Yassap’s conversation with Petr. The Master had given him a wonderful gift, a Shadow Cloak he’d called it. With it he could stay close to the Thane camp without fear of discovery. He listened to their plans with an evil grin on his lips. ‘So you make for the sanctuary of Shaleborough, the Master will be pleased to know.’
Happy with the information gleaned, he slowly and quietly edged away from the precipice and worked his way back up the hill towards where Filbert was hiding. The farmer sat in a hollow on the far side of the hill. He’d heard the sounds of battle, the cries and shouts of the wounded and dying and the thunderous roar of exploding Halacine bombs. He sat rocking, with head in hands, clumps of hair in each tightly balled fist pulled to the point of breaking free from the scalp.
Grinly jumped down into the hollow beside Filbert, ‘What’s your bother?’
Filbert jerked with fright as Grinly appeared before him, ‘Oh, it’s you, Mister Grinly. Not...nothing's the matter,’ he stuttered.
‘Oh, really, yet you look ill at ease. What’s your worry?’
‘I...I...was concerned that you might get caught up in the battle, is all,’ Filbert’s eyes had the manic wild stare of a cornered doe.
Grinly looked suspiciously at him, ‘Nothin’ else on your mind then?’
‘No, of course not, Mister Grinly,’ Filbert shook his head violently, ‘just concern for you is all, I swear!’
Grinly reluctantly nodded, ‘Okay then. We’d best move.’
‘How did the fight go…did we win?’
Grinly grimaced, ‘No, damn it! They had the protection of the cliff face against their backs. That was unfortunate.’
‘So what now then? Do we return to Erenburn?’ Filbert looked hopeful.
Grinly scowled, ‘You’d like that wouldn’t you, farmer?’ he nodded. ‘But no - we go on. Best you put your past life where it belongs…in the past. It’ll be a long time, if ever, before you set foot there again.’
Filbert almost wept as he returned his gaze to the ground.
‘On your feet, we must make haste,’ ordered Grinly.
Filbert looked forlornly up at Grinly, ‘Where too?
‘Shaleborough,’ Grinly started to clamber out of the hollow. ‘And we don’t have much time, so shift yourself.’
Filbert shook his head sadly, and watched as Grinly disappeared over the lip of the hollow. Scrambling on all fours he hauled himself up the side of the slope and ran to catch up. 

Matt was sitting on a large boulder, near to where the horses were picketed. He was watching the Sun's light brightening the clouds along the horizon at the end of the ravine.
Petr walked up behind him, ‘Mind if I join you?’
Matt turned his head a quarter turn and shrugged his shoulders.
‘That was pretty scary,’ Petr nodded back in the direction of the camp.
Matt said nothing.
‘They terrified me the first time I saw them on that lonely hill with Jenna,’ said Petr.
Matt turned his head half way around, ‘They did?’
Petr nodded and blew through his lips, ‘Light yes. My legs felt like jelly from start to finish.’
‘How did you cope?’ Matt turned his shoulders towards Petr.
‘I suppose my desire to protect Jenna forced me to face the terror,’ shrugged Petr.
‘And what about this time?’
‘I was scared, but not as much as the first time. It was less of a shock this time, I suppose.’
‘Do you think it gets easier?’ asked Matt staring off into the distance.
‘I can only speak from my own experience, but yes, would seem to be the answer. I’m sure it’s the same for soldiers when they become accustomed to war. They always remember the terror of that first battle, but it gets easier to control the fear, with experience.’
Matt looked down at his feet, ‘I wanted to cry, but my eyes dried up. I...I was so afraid, Petr. I thought I was going to faint. I...I couldn’t breathe.’
Petr nodded in acknowledgement, ‘Felt like your strength was draining out through the soles of your feet?’
‘Yes that’s exactly it! I thought I was going to melt into a puddle of frightened goop on the ground.’
‘Well, my friend, you’re not alone,’ smiled Petr.
Matt finally smiled and exhaled a long unsteady breath, ‘Thanks, Petr.’
‘For what?’
‘For understanding,’ Matt looked red faced.
They sat unspeaking for a long moment than Petr broke the silence, ’Come on, let’s get something to eat before we break camp.’
‘Okay and I think I’d better find Yassap…I owe him a very big apology.’
‘He holds no grudge, he’s a good man. But it wouldn’t do any harm to say sorry...just in case,’ laughed Petr.
They headed back towards the flickering light of the campfire.

With morning the rain lessened, but the tepid Sun lacked the strength to warm the land through heavy mist. It was summer, but it felt more like winter. Cold stormy clouds roiled in the sky, drenching the land with increasing regularity. The group travelled in single file through the last mile of Shale Ravine without further incident. The injured men went home under protest, reducing the group to eleven. Yassap kept scouts out at all times to give warning of an attack that never came. The land around Shaleborough was rocky and uneven. Islands of reedy grass dotted the vale but in main, lichen-covered rocks and boulders were the region's most populous denizens. Pace was reduced to a crawl as the horses carefully picked their way through assorted obstacles. The Sun had long set by the time the group entered the environs of the town. Lights burned in the windows of the small slate-roofed houses, but not a soul could be seen. The town was deathly quiet as they made their way towards its centre.
‘Something’s amiss,’ whispered Kassim.
‘I feel it too,’ agreed Yassap.
‘Where are the townsfolk?’ asked Matt.
Kassim turned in his saddle, ‘Stay vigilant.’
Yassap lead them toward a whitewashed lodging-house near to the central square of the town. Warm light issued from many of its windows. Yassap and Kassim dismounted, soon followed by Petr and Matt.
Yassap instructed his men to remain outside and keep watch. The inside of the house was deserted. Half eaten plates of food lay abandoned on some of the tables. Yassap walked over to the bar-counter and rang a small service bell. But no-one came to answer. Kassim walked up behind him and leaned over the wide counter-top in order to peer down its length. A small pool of blood stained the floor on the barkeep’s side. He straightened and withdrew his sword. Yassap followed suit. There were three levels to the lodging house, a basement, ground floor, and upper level. The ground floor was empty, the four men split into two groups. Kassim and Matt would check the upper level, while Yassap and Petr searched the basement. The stairs creaked under Kassim’s weight as he slowly crept up to the first floor of the house, closely followed by Matt. At the top of the stairs a long, narrow, dimly lit, corridor ran the length of the upper floor giving access to four bedrooms. All of the doors were closed. Kassim tried the first door, it was unlocked and the door swung open. The room was dark and empty and looked as though it had been unused. He continued to the next door and tried the handle. Again the door was unlocked. It swung open making a high pitched creak as it swept wide. The dark interior showed no sign of habitation. He moved on to the third door, and stood for a moment listening for any sounds. Matt’s brow was moist with sweat; he shakily held his sword aloft in case of emergency. Kassim eased the handle down and the door swung in. This room was also dark. An oil-lamp lay broken on the floor, its oil spread out in an uneven oblong stain around the shattered glass of the housing. The bed looked as though someone had gotten out of it in a hurry; the blankets lay discarded across the foot-rest in a dishevelled heap. A leather travel bag sat open on a chair to one side, an item of clothing protruding from its gaping mouth. Behind it, draped across the chair’s backrest, hung a man’s trousers and shirt. But personal items aside, the room was devoid of life. Kassim inched towards the final door. A loose board creaked underfoot and he stopped to readjust his feet. Matt stood beside the door frame, sword in hand, sweat now rapidly dripping from nose and chin. Kassim pushed the door handle down and the door opened, bathing the dim corridor in warm light. Inside the room was a dishevelled mess, clothes and furniture lay strewn all around. The green floor-carpet beside the bed looked wet. A brown stain at its centre dripped red liquid onto the cracked, uneven, floor planks along its edge.
Kassim straightened at the sight, ‘Blood! But there’s no body…’ It’s a trap!’ 

The stairs into the basement were rough-hewn stone block, cracked and worn by the passage of time, and countless shuffling feet. The rusting lamp-hooks, spaced unevenly along the side wall, unused. The basement’s cold, stagnant, air reeked with the musky scent of damp and slow decay. Malevolent darkness encroached and enveloped them on all sides as they descended into the oppressive murk. Yassap’s lamp struggled to cast a small circle of light in the impenetrable dark. As they entered the first room, Petr’s quivering, uneven, breaths, betrayed his scarcely masked fear and mounting anxiety. Wooden barrels lined each wall, filled to the top with beer and whiskey. Overhead, dust-covered cobwebs twisted and turned on gentle wafts, like a host of undulating spectral snakes. Grit covered the floor and crunched with every step no matter how light. The basement was split into several chambers, to the left and right of the main storage area. Teasing shadows played tricks in flickering light. Looming up and falling away the further they walked. Yassap pointed down towards the floor. There upon the dull grey stone, crimson specks lead, a meandering trail, towards the last chamber at the very end of the room. The Thane chieftain placed his hand on the door and pushed. Light washed in, to expose vile truth. Inside bloodied bodies, stacked five high and four wide, filled every available space of the cramped little room. The floor ran red with the blood and ooze of hacked and torn flesh. Petr recoiled in horror as a multitude of sightless dry eyes stared pleadingly out over gaping, rictus, mouths. It was carnage. 
Yassap turned to Petr, ‘Run! Get out!’ he screamed as he pulled his sword free from its scabbard. All around, in the darkness, luminous yellow eyes blinked open.
The Bolg came scuttling out of every annex, and hidden place, yipping and barking, as they mindlessly charged the two men. Yassap was the calm centre in the eye of a storm as he parried and thrust with ease and precision, leaving death in his wake. Petr stayed close to his back and dispatched any Bolg that tried to attack the Thane leader from behind. They edged closer to the stairs cutting a path with every swing of their blades. Upon reaching the chamber that housed the whisky and beer barrels Yassap placed himself between the Bolg and the stairs. Sweat drenched his back and chest. ‘Quickly, Petr! Grab the whiskey barrels, crack them open and roll them into the Bolg!’
Petr nodded, picked up one of the knee height barrels, broke a hole in its end, and hefted it at the milling throng. It knocked several off their feet and smashed on the ground spilling its contents all round. A second and third barrel followed the first in quick succession.
Yassap turned, ‘Quickly, up the stairs!’ he ordered.
Petr hesitated.
‘Quickly, I’ll be right behind you!’ Yassap held a Halacine bomb in his free hand.
Petr took the steps two at a time and ran straight into Kassim at the top. Kassim and Matt had heard the commotion in the basement and were running to help. 
Yassap appeared at the bottom of the stairs turned briefly, threw the explosive crystal and then ran up the final few steps. ‘Run! Get out, quickly!’ he roared.
There was a loud bang and a whooshing roar as the whiskey caught fire, incinerating everything that it touched. The screams of dying Bolg echoed through the lodge. Yassap pushed the others towards the main door and they exited just as the rest of the barrels in the basement exploded. Outside Yassap’s men were in mortal combat as more darkborn appeared out of every house in the village. Two men lay dead, another was dying, and scores of Bolg bodies littered the ground. The evil little creatures drew back in fear as the lodge finally exploded in a large plume of orange flame. The Thane used the distraction to mount and flee towards the boundary of Blackforest. Stopping on a low hill bordering the trees they looked back towards the town. The flames had spread to adjoining houses, so that, from a distance, it seemed as though the whole village was alight.
‘They were waiting for us, the blackhearts!’ growled Kassim, turning his horse.
‘They know our every move!’ exclaimed Petr. ‘Is it possible that this Dhaalu can now track us directly?’
Yassap looked troubled, but shook his head, ‘No. He is blind to the doings of this world. Though, I’m afraid, many things will change as the Barrier weakens. In time he may be able to see small portions, but never the whole.’
‘Then how?’ asked Matt.
‘We’ve underestimated the tenacity of his minions, I fear. This Grinly has become a formidable foe, and one that we must quickly weigh, if we are not to be caught unawares again. Now we must make haste. It would seem that we have less time than we thought. The line between the worlds is blurring, and I can no longer predict the outcome.’
‘What’s that mean?’ squealed Matt.
‘No more rules,’ rumbled Kassim. ‘Be prepared for the worst from now on.’
‘What do you mean the worst? How could it get any worse than this?’ Matt almost shrieked.
‘Dhaalu has more than the mindless Bolg at his disposal,’ added Yassap, ‘we must be wary,’ he turned his horse and headed towards the line of trees to the north.
Matt pulled his horse in beside Petr’s, ‘I’m not going insane, am I? He did say that it could possibly get worse, didn’t he?’
Petr smiled, ‘You’ve always wanted adventure, Matt. Well now you have it - by the bucket-load.’ Petr spurred his horse to catch up with the others.
Matt stared after his friend, then mumbled, ‘Yes, but I meant a nice jaunt to the coast, or a few weeks in Perlow,’ he frowned, and spurred the horse into line with the others. 
 











CH 9:
The sound of dripping water was a constant irritant in the pervading darkness of the cell. Damp frigid air sapped stone and flesh alike of any last residues of warmth. Salamander lay curled on his straw pallet, knees pulled tight against his chest, eyes red and raw from days of unbridled grief. He stared blankly, unseeing, on the edge of complete and crushing despair. His mind blank, numbed to catatonic stupor at the loss of his family and the image of his wife’s broken body lying cold and unmoving on that table those few scant days ago. Dancing sparks turned and swirled across his vision, as oft happens when eyes strain against utter darkness. The mind, as if in protest, refusing to submit to the unnatural disorder, somehow finds a way to provide its own illumination. He slowly blinked moisture back across their dry membranes and licked his cracked desiccated lips. Her words came floating back through the fog of his fuddled mind. “Save her...save her, for spite’s sake if no other!” The words returning and retreating again and again, like a shoal of panicked silverfish, through the empty caverns of his mind.
     At last he moved and slowly released his grip, allowing arms to relax and knees to slide away. His muscles were tight and cramped after so many hours of inactivity. With a grunt he sat up, gingerly stood, and stretched. Blood flowed back into hungry tissue causing muscles to prickle and tingle. He inhaled deeply, ignoring the putrid stench of death that issued from the rotting carcase. His mind cleared, and returned. Salamander forced the grief into a small closely guarded alcove, deep inside the deepest recesses of his mind, and filled up the vacant space with cold, vengeful, anger. His eyes burned with hatred, while blanched knuckles cracked under the mounting pressure of ever tightening fists. With a snort, and quick shake of the head, he cleared the last chains restricting full mental flow. Simmering eyes burned bright with spiteful resolve. He was back!

Guzkat scurried through the corridors that lead, from the towers ground floor, to the dungeon. Under one arm, a brown sack that wriggled and squirmed with his every step. He stopped in frustration and looked furtively back in the direction he’d just come. There was no sign of pursuit, he smiled. The sack wriggled again and a muffled growl issued from inside. With a quick swing Guzkat slammed the sack against the arch of the door that lead down into the cells. The wriggling stopped.
‘No Mom or Pop to help you now, little one. Best you hush, there’s no call for it, you see. Your worries will soon be over,’ he patted the outside of the sack and with a grunt, threw it across his shoulder, and started down the cold granite stairs.
He carried on down into the lower levels happy in the knowledge that he would not be disturbed. He had a special room set aside for his own private entertainments. There he could take the time needed to fully enjoy his catch. Turning down a dimly lit corridor he entered a small square room containing a table, chair, and wooden cot for the Perlag guard in charge of that section of the dungeon. The fat guard lay snoring, oblivious to Guzkat’s presence. On the opposite side of the room was the passageway to the final row of cells on the lowest level of the dungeon. Guskat picked up a spare lamp, lit it, and entered the dark of the corridor. Heavy wooden doors lined each side of the walkway. Some occupied, some not. He stopped outside Salamander’s cell, and held the lamp up to the window, for a quick gloat. The light spilled in, banishing the dark. The maggot-infested corpse lay on the left pallet as before, but the right pallet was empty as, was the rest of the cell. 
Guskat’s eyes bulged, and spittle flew from his frenzied mouth as he screamed for the guard, ‘Alarm! Guard…come at once!’
The bleary-eyed guard stumbled down towards Guzkat with short-sword in hand, ‘What’s all this about?’ he growled but stiffened, in shock, on recognising his superior, ‘Oh it’s you, sir, I didn’t recognise you in the dark.’
‘Never mind that…where’s the prisoner?’ shouted Guzkat.
The guard looked even more confused, ‘He’s right where you left him, sir. No one’s been near him since.’
‘Then show me…because, unless my eyes are playing tricks, that blasted cell’s empty!’ shouted Guzkat again, holding up the lamp to light the interior of the cell.
The guard looked in and saw Salamander’s empty cot. His eyes widened, ‘I swear by the all that is corrupt, First Council…nobody’s been near the prisoner since you left. On my life!’ he pledged.
‘And how would you know? You fool! You were sound asleep when I passed a moment ago.’
‘I...I was only resting my eyes for a quick moment, First Council.’
‘Enough of your babble!’ shouted Guzkat. ‘Open this door immediately, I want to look inside!’
‘Course, sir, right away,’ said the worried guard, as he fumbled with the keys on his belt.
The lock clicked open and the door creaked as the guard opened it and entered the cell. Light from Guzkat’s lamp filled the room, but Salamander was nowhere to be seen.
It don’t make sense, First Council, I swear,’ said the guard while scratching at his bald head, ‘I checked him, no more than an hour ago. He was curled tighter than a balled fist, an’ staring at the wall like a mindless Lorb Wraith. It just don’t make any sense,’ he repeated again.
‘Well unless he knows how to trans-locate, it looks, to me, like he’s had help escaping,’ Guzkat frowned.
The corpse moved, a mottled hand appeared from the middle of the rotting chest cavity, and grabbed the fat dungeon guard by the throat. There was a violent twist, followed by a loud crack. The guard collapsed onto the floor dead. Guzkat screamed in terror and dropped the brown sack. A Perlag child rolled free and ran up the corridor towards the safety of the upper levels. Guzkat was unable to move. His legs, stiffened by terror, failed him as Salamander appeared from under the dead corpse.
The assassin smiled down at the trembling Perlag, ’A lesson for you, rodent…from mother spider; all things come to the patient. And I would have waited an eternity for this moment!’ he snarled.
Guzkat’s eyes rolled and his bladder emptied, as he fainted.

Ursula closed and locked the door to Jenna’s room with satisfaction. The days of continuous torture were finally bearing fruit. She could feel the girl’s will starting to crumble. A vindictive smile momentarily lifted the sides of her mouth as she turned to walk back to her sitting room. An image of her scry-orb entered her mind. She was being summoned. Placing the key back inside the hip pocket of her black dress she walked towards the winding stairs to the uppermost level. Passing the door to her bedroom, she continued to follow the curved passageway around until she reached the stone stairs ascending to the scry-room. At the top she opened the iron-clad door and entered. Dust-covered tomes vied for space with glass jars on cluttered, overcrowded, shelves. The jars, filled with strange concoctions consisting of the body parts of a wide and varied number of creatures, were numbered, marked, and sealed. At the rooms centre sat a round table with a cloth-covered scry-orb at its centre. A comfortable red-velvet chair stood ready for her use. She sat, removed the covering from the crystal and placed her hands on its cool exterior. An image of the necromancer Dhaalu flared to life within.
‘You would have words?’  Ursilla stated flatly.
‘News has reached me,’ he rasped.
‘Really?’ Ursilla feigned interest. ‘Do tell…’
‘You’ve had a visitor.’
‘Have I, and who was that?’
‘Don’t try my patience!’ he hissed. ‘Nothing escapes me. My eyes are legion.’
‘Then, please…refresh my memory.’
Dhaalu’s mouth pursed, ‘What did the Assassin bring you?’ 
‘Assassin…?’ she paused. ‘Ah yes - Salamander,’ she nodded in earnest. 
‘You know well of whom I speak! I know that he is currently in your employ--’
‘And yours too, I’ll wager,’ interrupted Ursilla.
‘Dhaalu smiled knowingly, ‘Sadly no...this time he could not be bought, nor persuaded, to...be of service.’
‘Be of service, indeed,’ she snorted derisorily. ‘You mean you couldn’t get him to betray me!’ she shouted. 
‘Betrayal’s such an ugly word, especially between allies,’ he remarked coolly. ‘I see it more as…a way of protecting our vested interests. It’s important that I remain vigilant, and well informed…for the good of all. In the event that someone should fail to comprehend a danger…you understand? Then I would be quickly on hand to...lend aid,’ he smirked.
‘You go too far--!’ she protested.
‘No, it's you who has gone too far! You overreach yourself!’ he growled. ‘And I mean to right the balance. I summon you to a Conclave!’ his eyes flared with anger.
‘A Conclave...but why?’
‘There are urgent matters in need of attention. Make immediate arrangements to depart.’
Ursilla sat back angrily, but slowly softened her expression, ‘As you wish. I will set forth today.’
‘Good. And the matter of the Assassin?’
Ursilla forced a friendly tone into her words, ‘‘He was merely making report on the condition of the Barrier. Something he does for me on a regular basis. As ever, we search for a weakness to exploit.’
Dhaalu said nothing for a few moments, before nodding curtly, ‘Until we meet.’
Ursilla removed her hands from the orb, Dhaalu’s image faded and disappeared. She sat and dragged long manicured nails across the back of one hand, while thinking. Her work would have to wait. If Dhaalu knew of the girl’s existence he would take her. Is it possible that he knows? she thought. No, she decided. If he knew, he’d likely set his army loose against me, for fear I would gain control of her powers. she smiled. Which means that my little secret is safe. For the time being, at least.
Ursilla stood, walked to the door and placed her hand on the latch. With a quick twist of her wrist she opened it, stepped out into the corridor and headed for the stairs to the lower levels of the tower.  Her stoic countenance betraying little of the angst now filling her mind.


Water splashed across his face causing Guzkat to wake with a fright. He almost passed out again when he saw Salamander peering down at him. 
‘Come on, rodent, wake up!’ Salamander grinned unsympathetically down at the prostrate Perlag.
Guzkat finally came to his senses, ‘Please don’t hurt me, Salamander!’ he clasped his small hairy hands together. ‘I was only doing as I was told,’ he whimpered.
Salamander raised the dead guard’s short-sword and brandished it, ‘I wonder how far I could shove this up you before you croak?’ he pondered.
Guzkat squealed, ‘No please, I beg you! Please, Salamander, show mercy!’ tears ran down either side of his pockmarked snout.
‘Show mercy…?’ scowled Salamander. ‘Like the mercy, you showed my boy, and my...wife…’
‘It wasn’t me, I swear it...the witch...it was the witch who commanded it. She did it all, Salamander, you must believe me!’ he begged and reached out to touch Salamander’s boot.
Salamander kicked his hand away, causing Guskat to cry out and cover his head, expecting further blows to follow. 
When they didn’t, he finally peeked out from between his hands, ‘I can help you, Salamander.’
‘How so?’
‘I can lead you to the gates and by the guards. You won’t get very far without me as your guide,’ he nodded.
Salamander looked at the grovelling Perlag for a long silent moment before speaking, ‘Get up.’
Guzkat blinked, ‘We have a deal?’
Salamander frowned, ‘We have a deal.’
Guzkat smiled and picked himself up from the dusty floor; his pants were soaked and he reeked of urine, ‘You won’t regret this, Salamander, bless you, bless you!’ he bowed awkwardly. ‘Follow me, I’ll show you the way.’
Guzkat lead Salamander back up into the higher levels of the dungeon and up onto the ground floor of the tower. Salamander grabbed Guzkat’s shoulder as the little Perlag was about to exit the door into the courtyard. ‘Not that way,’ he said.
‘But  it’s the only way out,’ pleaded the Perlag.
‘I’m not ready to leave just yet.’
There was a commotion further up the stairs. The sound of stomping feet and raised voices warned of approach. Salamander grabbed Guskat, dragged him into the shadows, and clamped a hand over his mouth. 
Ursilla descended the stairs surrounded by fawning Perlag attendants. She looked agitated, ‘When you do find him let him know of my displeasure! Then lock him in the dungeons! I’ll deal with him when I return!’ Ursilla shouted. She stopped, looked around as though searching for something, and then roared, ‘Guzkat! Where are you - you flee-bitten degenerate?’
Guzkat squirmed but Salamander squeezed tighter and the struggling stopped.
Ursilla turned sharply on her heel and strode out the door and onto a waiting drake. With a pull on the reins the young dragon soared up into the air and was gone. The attendants waited until the drake disappeared into the clouds before turning to climb the stairs to their chambers. When they were gone Salamander released his grip on Guzkat. The ugly little Perlag was crying.
‘What now?’ asked Salamander.
‘The Mistress...she is displeased...I should have been with her.’
‘She’ll get over it.’
‘No she won’t...I’ll pay a heavy price for this.’ he buried his face into his hands and cried.
Salamander placed the point of the short-sword under Guzkat’s chin, ‘She’s the least of your worries at the moment, wouldn’t you agree?’ 
The sharp blade forced Guzkat’s face upwards until he was looking at Salamander. Terror filled his eyes, ‘Please, Salamander…don’t--’
‘Then prove to me that you’re worth keeping alive.’
‘How?’
‘Show me where the girl’s being kept.’
‘I can’t do that, the Mistress--!’
‘Is not here...but I am!’ growled Salamander, pushing the blade until it drew blood from Guzkat’s neck.
Guzkat’s eyes bulged, ‘Okay...I’ll show you.’
  
Jenna lay exhausted on her bed. The pains were subsiding a little, but it would be hours before they left her completely. Untrained in the Arts, she was defenceless against the witch’s power. Ursilla spent hours every day trying to force Jenna’s abilities to surface, so that she could capture them for herself. Each fruitless session, longer and more painful than the previous, as the witch’s ire grew. The last one had been, by far, the worst, and at the end Jenna was close to death. It was almost at the point of no return that she had first become aware of the light. It was warm and welcoming. The overwhelming urge to drift toward it was more than she could resist. A kindly man wearing shimmering white clothes had stopped her. His smiling wordless mouth offering hope and reassurance; she stepped back from the brink, her chest aglow. That feeling was gone now that she had returned to the waking world. But in that instant as she stood before that perfect light, she could feel something powerful emanating from within her own body. Jenna placed a hand on her chest unable to decide if it had been real or the imaginings of a pain-racked mind. The sound of a key in the door’s lock made her heart jump with fright and plummet into hopeless despair, Not again…not now…not so soon… her mind cried out as tears welled in her eyes.
The door opened and two figures entered. One was small, ugly, and rodent-faced, and the other tall, muscular, with green-tinged skin and a sharp hawk-like nose. Jenna tried to cry out but no word came from her dry throat.  It was the man from the hill…her father’s killer.
‘You see, Salamander, I am good to my word…here she is,’ beamed Guzkat.
‘You…! What now…come to finish what your mistress started?’ Jenna snarled at Salamander, the bile in her words plain.
‘I’ve come to get you out of here,’ answered Salamander.
Jenna looked confused, ‘You work for the witch!’
‘Not anymore, our pact is dissolved.’
‘I don’t believe you, this is some kind of trick! You would fill me with false hope and crush me with it later. I’m not a fool!’ Jenna shouted, propelled herself up from the mattress and swung a fist at the assassin.
Salamander turned his head to one side to avoid the blow, and in the same fluid movement knocked her senseless with a neck chop. He caught her before she fell to the ground and swept her up into his arms.
Guzkat grinned, ‘She’s a wild one. You’ll need to have care.’
‘Lead us to the exit,’ growled Salamander. ‘But remember, if discovered, you will be the first to die.’
Guzkat’s smile turned to a sickly frown.
As they passed through Ursilla’s sitting room Salamander saw that his weapons and travel pack had been placed against the wall to one side, ‘Wait!’ he ordered, placing Jenna down on one of the soft arm-chairs. It only took scant seconds to don his weapons, travel cloak, and finally his pack. When finished he picked Jenna up and turned to Guzkat, ‘Lead on!’ he ordered.
‘We’ll never get her passed the guards,’ said Guzkat.
‘Your life depends on it,’ scowled Salamander.
‘Why not use a travel urn?’
‘They’re expensive, and I only had one. And that used to convey her here.’
‘Then she’ll need warm clothing,’ Guzkat scuttled to a cupboard and bent down to open the doors at its base. He returned with a heavy hooded travel cloak, ‘Here…put her into this, it will keep her warm.’
Salamander wrapped Jenna in the cloak and pulled the hood up so that she was hidden from prying eyes, ’Okay lets go,’ he stood, picked her up and walked towards to door to the lower levels of the tower.
‘Not that way!’ cried Guzkat in alarm.
Salamander turned, ‘Where then?’
‘Even with the cloak we’ll not get beyond the Helgurd’s at the gate. But there’s another way. A secret way,’ Guzkat grinned, touched the side of his snout with one finger and winked.
‘Then what are we waiting for?’ 
‘First I must have your most solemn promise that I will not be harmed, and that I will be set free if I help you.’
‘You have it.’
‘No! You must swear on something that is important to your heart!’
Salamander looked agitated, ‘Okay I swear on my honour that you’ll not be harmed.’
Guzkat shook his head, ‘Honour’s a fickle cloak and easily discarded when the temperature rises beyond comfort.’
Salamander took a step towards the Perlag.
Guzkat’s eyes widened with fear, ‘You’ll not escape without me!’ he squealed.
Salamander paused, and then mumbled, ‘What would you have me swear on to seal the bargain?’
Guzkat took a step back before speaking, ‘Swear...upon the everlasting souls of your wife and child.’
Salamander’s face was contorted by fury, ‘Pick something else!’ he hissed.
‘Please try to understand, Salamander, it’s not my wish to cause further hurt, but I must have the most binding guarantee before we leave this place. Else kill me now and be done with it, and follow me soon after at the hands of my brethren. The choice is entirely yours.’
Salamander thought for a moment then quietly whispered, ‘I swear on the souls of my wife and child that you will be set free...unharmed...if you help us to get out of this tower alive.’
Guzkat smiled, ‘A most excellent vow! Which, I must remind you, would mean the destruction of their souls should you decide to recant later. That means no return to this plane and no future life. Just the cold emptiness of oblivion,’ he paused for a moment to let the statement rest.  ‘Now, if you are ready, please follow me,’ he turned and quickly walked towards the winding stairs that lead to the upper levels of the tower. 
Salamander’s eyes blazed hatred and anger, as he fought back the urge to kill the Perlag there and then. Biting down hard upon his lower lip, he followed without further comment. They passed Ursilla’s bed chamber and continued down the curved passageway to the stone stairs leading to the scry-room. At the top Guzkat opened the door and entered, running to a wooden bookcase at the back and pulling it forward. There was a hidden door on the other side, ’Quickly now,’ he instructed while opening the door, ‘This way,’ he stepped through onto a narrow walkway with a waist-high outer wall ringing the outside of the tower.
Salamander peered over the edge. The Helgurds and Perlags far below in the courtyard of the tower looked like a horde of insects scuttling about the entrance to a nest, ‘What game is this, rodent? This leads nowhere!’
‘Not quiet, Salamander, please follow,’ the Perlag beckoned, and disappeared around the side of the tower.
Salamander followed cautiously, the wind whipped past his face, tossing the silver pole-braid on the back of his head from right to left. 
On the far side of the tower Guskat had stopped at a narrow crystal bridge that joined the top of the tower with a cave in the face of the mountain behind, ‘You see, I’ve not lead you astray. The cave leads into the mountain, you can escape that way.’
‘Don’t you mean…we…rodent?’
‘I’ve shown you the way, so now you'll longer need me. You promised to free me! You promised…!’ he squealed.
‘That’s true…but I didn’t say when. Now get onto the bridge. The last thing I need is a score of Helgurds breathing down my neck, because you raised the alarm.’
They edged across the bridge very slowly. It was a disconcerting crossing. The polished crystal was almost completely transparent, lending to the feeling that the user’s next step would see them plummeting the ground to a messy broken end. At the midpoint, alarm trumpets sounded in the courtyard far below. The Perlag guards were pointing up and shouting. They had been discovered.
Guzkat stopped just ahead and whimpered, ‘They’ve seen us...we’re doomed!’
Salamander kicked the Perlag up his backside, ‘Keep moving, or you’ll be rejoining your kin faster than you imagine!’
Guzkat gave a little cry but started moving again. After what felt like an age they reached the safety of the cave. The sound of bleating horns echoed through its dark cavernous interior. There was a stash of oil lamps to one side. Salamander grabbed two and lit one, stashing the other into his pack. The gloom lifted to reveal a long arched passageway disappearing into darkness.
‘Now that I've led you here, you must uphold your end of the bargain and free me!’ said Guzkat.
Salamander turned towards the Perlag, ‘So be it…you’re free to go.’
‘You...you mean it,’ Guzkat looked more than a little sceptical. ‘I’m truly free?’
‘Yes…go…stay…do as you wish! But, there is, perhaps, one little thing that you should consider before running back into the witch’s arms.’
‘What’s that?’
‘She’ll know that you helped me. How else could I have possibly found her secret way?’
Guzkat looked horrified, ‘I’ll tell her that you threatened my life,’ he countered defensively.
Salamander smiled, ‘Perhaps you’re right. Yes, I’m sure she’ll forgive you,’ he turned away and started walking up the passageway leaving the shocked Perlag behind.
Guzkat stared after Salamander’s fast disappearing frame, ‘She’ll understand. My Mistress knows I'm loyal...she'll not...’ his words trailed off as the enormity of the situation came crashing down upon his head. Ursilla wouldn’t understand; in fact she would vent her frustration on the nearest likely candidate. ‘Me!’ his quivering lips whispered. Tears flowed as he bent low, picked up one of the oil lamps and lit it. He had no choice now. Though he hated the thought of leaving his comfortable life behind, he would have to flee…or die. He choked back bitter tears and ran to catch up with the assassin, ‘Wait, Salamander! I’ve decided to help you further! These caves are a dangerous place! You would be lost in no time without me! I’ll show you the safest ways…wait for me…!’ he called as he ran.
Just ahead Salamander stopped and waited for the Perlag to catch up. A wry smile adorning his lips.








CH 10:
Blackforest was a brooding expanse of towering spruce to the northwest of Shaleborough. It ran in an unbroken swath from the Lurn Mountains in the North, to the Gulf of Dalmar along the southern coast. A single road offered passage to the wetlands of The Wash along its western border. Yassap had argued against its use. Fearing further ambush, it was decided to remain within the protective covering of the trees. Movement was reduced to a slow walk in the darkness. Crunching pine needles underfoot, amplified by soundless night, highlighting even the lightest steps. The group had dismounted and were leading their horses, through a myriad of clinging branches, in single file with Yassap and Kassim to the fore. 
Kaleb Myrtin, the forward scout, came into view, waving as he approached, ‘They lie in ambush ahead,’ he announced.
‘How many?’ asked Yassap.
‘Hard to tell in the dark,’ he shrugged. ‘Kept their heads down, but I knew they were there. Couldn’t hide their sickly reek.’
‘Bolg!’ announced Kassim, nodding.
‘Something else too. They have Helgurds with them this time.’
‘How can you be sure?’ asked Kassim.
Kaleb smiled and tapped the side of his large bulbous nose, ‘Not much escapes this.’
‘Can we get around them?’ asked Yassap.
‘The forest thins-out further to the northwest. We might be able to outflank them there,’ said Kaleb. ‘At least there we can mount and put some distance between.’
A high-pitched screech broke the silence of the night. It came from somewhere to the south and was answered by a multitude of  clacks and hisses.
Kassim turned towards the sounds, ‘Triodines! Quickly, we must flee!’
‘We’re trapped,’ said Petr. ‘Bolg to the north and these Triodines to the south.’
‘They mean to flush us into the arms of their waiting brethren,’ nodded Kassim.
‘Lead us northwest, Kaleb, it’s our only hope,’ said Yassap.
Kaleb grinned and tapped his nose again, ‘I’ll sniff a way out, have no fear.’
Yassap clapped Kaleb’s back, ‘Quickly, before it’s too late.’ 
It took an hour to reach the less densely packed area of forest where they were at last able to remount. The Triodines were close behind and gaining quickly. Kaleb lead the group on through the night, swinging northeast after midnight. It was three hours before sunrise when they reached the lower slopes of Anwaite Hill. The cracked walls of the abandoned castle at its summit loomed black against the dark sky.
‘We must gain the safety of the Keep, the horses are all but spent,’ shouted Yassap.
‘What about the Triodines?’ asked Kassim.
‘If they catch us in the open we’re doomed,’ answered Yassap. ‘Make for the Keep, and be quick!’
The Hill, a treeless rocky outcrop in the centre of the forest, was the only high-ground for miles in a ocean of trees. The horses struggled to climb the sharp incline and had to be pulled forcibly up the steep slope. The screeching cries were getting ever closer. At the midpoint of the climb the first Triodines came crashing out of the undergrowth at the bottom of the hill. Petr stopped and looked back. They were large insect-like creatures no higher than a man’s waist. Glossy black shells covered the upper body, supported beneath by rows of scampering yellow legs. Their large pincered jaws looked capable of slicing a man in two, and to the rear the barbed, whip-like, tail remained curled and ready to strike. Petr stumbled backwards, at the sight of the hideous creatures, almost losing his feet completely as he turned to run. The Keep had been long abandoned, its heavy doors sagging from rusting hinges. Having finally gained the heights they entered the ruined sanctuary and pulled their horses inside. The doors groaned in protest at being moved, after many years of inactivity. With a final heave, rust encrusted iron cracked and gave way. The Triodines crested the slope and rushed headlong towards the slowly closing doors, the smell of fresh meat driving them to frenzy. With a clang, and a thump, the door finally closed and was braced against the coming onslaught. The Triodines hurled themselves against the barrier causing the door to creak and bend under the strain. The Thane ran up the stone stairs to the uppermost level. Looking over the side, they saw a mass of squirming Triodine bodies heaving against the heavy door, unable to gain entrance. 
 ‘They can’t get in,’ laughed Matt.
Huff growled at the mass of black insectoid bodies milling outside the tower far below, ‘Dines, for bad!’ he snarled.
‘We’re safe up here. They can’t reach us,’ said Petr.
‘No safe! Dines, for bad, no safe, Perter!’ insisted the Tolluk.
Just then, to Petr’s horror, the Triodines started to climb up the outside of the walls, ‘Light be with us! They’re climbing the wall!’
The Thane unsheathed swords and stood ready. There was a loud squeal as the first monster was skewered upon reaching the top. Its, putrid smelling, purple blood stained Kassim’s sword causing the metal to smoke. He’d no sooner disposed of the creature’s body when others appeared along the wall's rim. With pincers biting and barbed tails whipping, they swarmed across on a sea of undulating yellow legs. The Thane slashed left and right killing any that came close. Petr and Matt stood ready with short sword and knife to bolster the defence when needed. One of the Thane fell mortally wounded. Whipped across the throat by a long barbed Triodine tail, he wriggled on the ground for a few short seconds, holding his neck in a vain attempt to stem the flow of blood. He was dead before any could lend aid. Petr lunged forward, dispatched the beast with a well-aimed thrust of his sword, and dragged the dead man’s body away from the fighting. As the last Triodine died, the exhausted defenders collapsed onto weak knees, gasping cool air into parched lungs. 
Matt wiped sweat from his brow, ‘It’s over, that’s the last of them.’
Kassim straightened as he peered into the forests below the hill, ‘Not quite,’ he pointed down the slope.
A host of small dark shapes could be seen emerging from the forest with yellow eyes aglow. Sprinkled among them were the hulking shapes of much larger creatures. 
Yassap exhaled loudly, ‘It’s the Bolg! They must have followed the Triodines.’
‘And Helgurd too,’ announced Kaleb, ‘you see, the nose never lies,’ he grinned while tapping its side. 
‘What now…there must be hundreds of them?’ asked Matt.
Yassap turned away from the wall, ‘To the door they’ll try to gain entry there!’
The Thane started down the stairs.
‘Shouldn’t someone keep watch up here in case they come over?’ asked Matt.
‘No need, friend Matt,’ said Yassap. ‘They are tactically limited creatures, prone to mindless frenzy at the mere sight of a foe. A direct assault is their most likely course. We must brace the door.’
The exhausted men trudged down the stairs and pressed their shoulders against the door to support it against the coming attack. It wasn’t long before the first blows sent violent shudders through the thick timbers. The Helgurds beat frantically against the wood with axe, hammer, and fist. After several hours of pummelling the doors had several gaping holes, through which the Thane stabbed and slashed, killing Bolg and wounding Helgurds. Petr and Matt threw Halacine bombs and fired arrows into the heaving throng, but no matter how many they killed others quickly filled the gap. After a time the half rotten door-bar cracked under the weight of numbers pushing against it. The Thane were close to collapse. Their strength all but gone from trying to hold the doors closed. Suddenly the pushing stopped and the shouts and screams of battle died away. Ears, deafened by a wall of noise only moments before, rang in the sudden silence. The men looked at each other in confusion.
Petr pointed to the wall opposite the door, ‘Look!’
To a man they stared at the point where Petr was pointing. A sliver of light shone through a slit window, the first gentle rays of the new day.
‘The Sun has risen thank the Light,’ exclaimed Yassap.
With a heave they pulled the double doors open and saw numerous mounds of black dust dotting the hillside.
‘They have no defence against direct sunlight,’ smiled Yassap.
‘But for how much longer? The Sun weakens by the day,’ said Kassim.
‘For a while yet,’ added Yassap. ‘We’ll eat and rest a few hours before moving on,’ he announced.
None argued.


Grinly sat on the trunk of a fallen tree cradling his head in his hands. They had been close to victory, he’d sensed it. The door was just about to give way when the Sun appeared over the horizon to incinerate the Master’s host. A few minutes more would have been enough to end the hated Thane and their wards, but luck had deserted him. His anger welled anew. 
Filbert stood to one side holding the reins of the horses they had recovered after the Shaleborough ambush, ‘We almost had them that time, Mister Grinly, twas a close-run thing.’
Grinly looked up and scowled, ‘Not close enough! They have daemon’s luck.’
‘We’ll get them next time. The Master will know what to do,’ offered Filbert.
‘And exactly how do you propose to contact him? The next portal is on the far side of the Wash with the Thane between!’ shouted Grinly.
Filbert looked down anxiously before continuing, ‘If we go west we just might get ahead of them.’
‘Don’t be a complete idiot! Have you ever been to the Wash? There’s a good reason why there’s only one road through. We’d be sucked into a bog-hole at the first wrong step.’
‘What then?’
‘Well if you’d shut up and let me think for a minute...’ hissed Grinly.
Filbert turned his gaze to his hands and said no more.
Finally Grinly spoke, ‘We have little choice. We’ll have to bide time for the moment.’
‘What do you mean?’ 
‘I mean, we’ll have to tag along behind ‘til we’re clear of the Wash.’
‘And then?’ asked Filbert innocently.
Grinly looked at Filbert with anger and distain, ‘Speak with the Master, of course! Fool!
Filbert nodded sheepishly. He was having trouble thinking clearly of late. He was relying more and more on Grinly for direction as the days went by. It was maddening for the one-time self-sufficient farmer. Now there were moments when even the obvious seemed to elude him. At first the change was worrisome, but now he just accepted it. There was comfort in taking instruction. He no longer had to worry about making decisions. It was easier to just allow Grinly to tell him what to do and when to do it. Some part of him found fault in the arrangement, but protest as it might, the words were lost in an ever-growing fog of confusion and apathy. His mind had surrendered to unquestioning compliance. He knew that he was losing himself, and that the loss would be irretrievable. But now, he no longer cared.
Grinly finally stood, ‘Stay here and watch! I’m going to find a shadier spot to rest. Call me when they break camp.’
‘Yes sir, Mister Grinly, have no fear, I’ll keep both eyes on ‘em.’
‘See that you do! I’ll be back here,’ Grinly walked back towards the denser thickets and disappeared out of sight. 
Filbert watched the Thane preparing food and chatting around a small campfire. The smell of fried pork wafted down the hill and made his mouth water. Pulling a biscuit from his pocket he looked with dismay at the sorry broken morsel. With a sigh he lifted it to his mouth and nibbled off one side. There had been neither time to eat, nor gather adequate provisions, since the failed Ambush at Shaleborough. This, he felt sure, was the most likely reason for his confusion and lethargy. The biscuit was dry and unappetizing; one of a batch he’d found in the horse’s saddlebag, and now his only source of food. A rustling, cracking, sound made him turn around. The sound had come from the heavy undergrowth near where Grinly had entered the forest. Filbert turned and walked a few steps nearer. There was further rustling followed now by thumping and scraping. Filbert carefully crept closer, the half-eaten biscuit gripped tightly in his hand was forgotten. It sounded as though someone was furiously digging. And the sounds were coming from the opposite side of a clump of leafy scrub. Filbert placed his free hand on one of the branches and gently pulled it out of the way. To his horror, he saw Grinly tearing at the base of a dead tree, pulling lumps of rotting wood out of his way. There was a live rat wriggling furiously in his left hand. The sailor casually lifted the rodent to his mouth and bit it in two. Blood spattered the man’s face and ran freely down his chin. Filbert inhaled quickly in shock as Grinly crunched on bones and ripped open flesh using nought but teeth and bare hands. Grinly heard the noise and turned to look at his servant. A wicked smile crossed his bloodied lips on seeing the look of fear and revulsion on Filbert’s face. He extended his hand. Clasped between his fingers were the remains of the half-eaten rodent, its legs still twitching in jerky spasms, ‘Hungry?’ he asked. 
Filbert felt the contents of his stomach rising. Releasing the branch he recoiled and ran. Grinly’s mocking laugh followed him all the way back to his post. The big farmer fell to his hands and knees and was violently sick. Grinly stood smiling from the edge of the scrub. With a shrug he popped the remnants of the rat into his mouth and went to find another. Filbert collapsed into his side, drew his knees to his chest, and began to weep.


By mid morning the group had broken camp and were heading for Ponmak Bridge. At noon they reached the crossing. The bridge, a double-arched, weather-worn, stone structure on the borders of the Wash, was an enigma. Its history lost in the mists of time. Some claimed it to be over ten thousand years old, built by the first people to reclaim the land after the ice retreated. But no-one really knew for certain; it was a mystery, a tiny remnant of a lost time, and destined to remain so. The wind blew cold ripples across the shimmering surface of the Ponmak River. It was a cool brine-tinged breeze that had wafted up from the coast many miles to the south; caressing hair, prickling exposed skin. Heavy threatening clouds filled the sky, some ripe and black. Petr closed the last two buttons on his overcoat and turned up his collar. Huff retreated into the confines of the satchel on his back and closed the flap. It was getting colder by the day. The weakened Sun, unable to warm the land, was a diluted shadow of its former self. Petr stared up the circle of light-grey clouds behind which the Sun lay hidden. It was surreal; it felt more like winter than summer in the pallid midday gloom. Kassim pulled his horse in beside Petr, ‘How you feeling?’
Petr shrugged, ‘Same as the rest…nothing a good night’s sleep wouldn’t fix.’ 
Kassim glanced back towards Matt, ‘Matt’s having a tough time of it,’ there was concern on Kassim’s face.
Matt was staring idly into the flowing waters of the Ponmak as his horse plodded across the bridge. Dark circles ringed his hollow eyes. 
‘He just needs some time to adjust, is all.’
Kassim said nothing for a few moments. Finally he exhaled and nodded, ‘We’ll be safe in Blackfriars. It’s a large camp, full of warriors, and well warded. The Darkborn cannot harm us there.’
‘How much further is it?’
‘Two days…perhaps three. The Wash will slow us. We’ll make camp half way. There’s a way-point there called Sanctuary Island, in the middle of the wetlands. We can eat and rest for the night.’
‘Won't that be dangerous? I mean, stopping like that in the open. It might be better to keep going through the night.’
‘Far too dangerous. The road through the swamp is winding. If we lost it in the dark there would be great trouble. The Wash is a myriad of bog-holes and quicksand and not to be treated lightly.’
‘And the Darkborn?’
‘We’ve fought them off before, Petr, we can do it again. Truth be known, I’d risk the Bolg, before the Wash, at night.’
‘Is it really that dangerous?’
‘The road is safe, but take one step either side...’ he trailed off.  Kassim then snapped off a branch from a nearby cypress tree, edged the horse over to the side, and stuck it into the grass bordering the trail. The branch was quickly sucked down into the mire. ‘As you can see, it would only take one slip.’
Petr nodded, ‘We’ll stop for the night at Sanctuary Island.’
The group continued along the road into the Wash. Matt stared ahead oblivious to all, lost in his own dark thoughts. 
Petr slowed his horse and waited for Matt to catch up, ‘Feels like it’s getting colder,’ he said as Matt’s horse drew up beside him.
Matt was sitting hunched in his saddle, ‘Strange that,’ he agreed while nodding. ‘It’s as though the seasons have reversed.’
Petr nudged his horse, ‘Feels more like...late autumn, or even early winter,’ he said while squinting up at the grey clouds.
‘Hope the rain keeps off. I’m cold enough as it is,’ added Matt.
‘The farmers won’t be happy. I can just see old farmer Grennal leaning over his fence moaning like hell about lost crops if the cold continues,’ grinned Petr.
Matt smiled at the thought, ‘Grennal loves a good moan alright. Remember the time he caught us playing on one of his haystacks?’
Petr laughed, ‘We were ten, what did he expect? I suppose we did cause it to collapse. He didn’t see the funny side though. Gave me a right good kick up the backside when he finally caught up with us.’
‘Me too,’ laughed Matt, ‘I’ll never forget that wart on the end of his nose. I just couldn’t take my eyes off. Even when he was screaming red-hellfire into my face, all of my attention was on that big wart,’ he smiled and shook his head. ‘Don’t think I heard a word he said that whole time.’
‘I remember,’ laughed Petr. ‘He twigged in the end though. Didn’t think it possible for him to get any redder than he was, but somehow he did,’ grinned Petr. ‘Looked as if his head was going to up and pop.’
The smile slowly faded from Matt’s face and he fell silent, lost in thought, for a few moments, ‘My father will be back from the trade fair about now.’
‘Ever regret leaving the tannery?’
‘Not likely,’ scoffed Matt. ‘I hated that stinking pit. Couldn’t get the putrid smell out of my clothes no matter what I washed them with. Ended up burning 'em all when we entered the College. Remember that?' he smiled. 'No…I do not miss the tannery, one little bit!’ he shook his head. ‘My brothers are welcome to the whole smelly lot.’ 
‘Your father’ll probably want you back under his eye now that you’ve renounced your studies.’
‘Nah! Probably won’t even notice…not for a long while anyways. What with keeping the business going and all. He lives and breathes that horrid cesspool.’
‘Don’t you think you’re being a little hard on him…?’
‘I’m not a tanner, Petr, and never was, you know that. I’m more like my uncle Ferdal.’
‘Wasn’t he the one that joined the army at fifteen?’
‘That’s right, ran away and left the tannery to my father. He told some grand tales, Petr,’ Matt’s eyes glossed over as he reminisced. ‘The adventures he’s had across foreign lands,’ Matt shook his head lost in reverie.
‘Where’s he now?’
‘After he left the army he became a trapper. It’s been a few years since his last visit, but I think he’s somewhere up near the Lynos Mountains. At least that’s where he said he was heading.’
‘He sounds like a character. Hope I get to meet him some day.’
Matt was smiling again. Petr was relieved to see the improvement. By late evening they entered the high ground that was Sanctuary Island. The island was an oblong expanse of land in the centre of the Wash. Several damp looking buildings made from roughly-hewn planks dotted its length. 
Petr and Matt spurred their horses and rode up to Kassim.
‘I hadn’t realised that the island was inhabited,’ said Petr.
Kassim turned his head, ‘Merchants from Kern and some of the smaller villages on the far side of the Wash. They come here in the summer to cater to those using the trail to travel west or east.’
‘Why only the summer?’ asked Matt.
‘Because the trail is impassable to heavy wagons during the rains of winter,’ answered Kassim.
‘Tough way to make a living,’ said Matt
‘They’re a hardy people…harsh even, when needed.’ 
As the group entered the town some of the denizens stood in doorways and porches suspiciously eyeing the newcomers. Yassap turned in his saddle, ‘Say nothing to the locals about Darkborn, its better if they remain ignorant, the truth would only cause undue panic.’ Pulling his horse up outside of a lodging-house he spoke to a fat, sullen-faced, man lounging on a chair outside the door, ‘Good fortune to you,’ Yassap smiled as he greeted the man.
The fat man turned his head and spat to one side, ‘Fare well,’ he finally returned the greeting.
‘We seek lodgings--’
‘We’re full,’ the fat man interrupted before Yassap could finish.
Yassap looked beyond the man into the dark interior of the lodging house. It was devoid of life.
‘Where are your guests?’
‘They’re about,’ the fat man answered, making a circular motion with the tip of his pipe.
Yassap exhaled, ‘Perhaps you know of another house where the lodgings are...less crowded?’
The fat man shrugged, ‘You could try old Jann’s place down by the water’s edge.’ He grinned knowingly as he mumbled, ‘Far as I know he takes your kind.’
Before Yassap could say anything further the fat man stood, walked into the building, and closed the door.
Yassap turned his horse away and continued down  the main street stopping before a second man to ask directions, ‘Good fortune,’ he greeted. ‘Where might we find Jann’s?’
‘Down that way,’ the townsman pointed out a dark narrow road sweeping down towards the reeds that bordering the island. He turned and walked off before Yassap could give thanks for the help.
Petr looked at Kassim, ‘They don’t appear to be very friendly here.’
‘They don’t like Gypsies,’ Kassim answered flatly.
‘Why?’ asked a clearly angered Matt.
Kassim shrugged, ‘They need someone to look down upon. It makes their own miserable lives easier to bear, I suppose.’ 
‘They’re lower than poisonous pond scum!’ Matt hissed angrily. 
Kassim smiled, ‘You’ll get used to it. It’s best to let it go.’
‘Get used to it! Not in an age! I’d rather die with bloodied knuckles,’ snarled Matt.
‘Then you’d better get ready to fight the whole world, friend Matt,’ said Kassim as he spurred his horse after Yassap.

Jann’s was a run-down stable on the very outskirts of the town. Jann was jolly old man close to eighty with wispy grey strands of hair that wafted about even in the lightest breeze. Most of the passing trade stayed in the town, so the skinny old man was more than happy to take the Gypsies in. There were no rooms in which to lodge, so the Thane slept in the straw beside their horses. The smell of fried bacon pulled Petr from his slumber come first light. Jann was busily cooking over an iron grill just outside the stable. Kassim and Yassap were already saddling their horses as Petr crawled out from under the straw.
‘You’re awake, friend Petr, good,’ Yassap grinned. ‘The old man is cooking breakfast. Go and fill your belly. We have a long road ahead.’
Petr nodded and walked outside to where Jann was cooking.
Jann smiled as Petr approached, ‘Good morn’ ta ya, younger. Take a seat you’re the last ta be fed, ‘twon’t be long,’ Jann pointed towards an overturned log close to the grill.
Petr sat and rubbed the last of the sleep from his eyes.
Jann handed Petr a metal plate filled with fried bacon, beans, cheese, and a thick slice of bread, ‘Get it in-ya. That’ll put you right for the day,’ grinned Jann.
Petr took the offered plate and quaffed the food. When he was finished he handed the empty plate back to the old man, ‘Thank you, that was delicious.’
Jann smiled, there was a twinkle in his eye, ‘Was a trail-cook in me younger days. No better man at pan-scrapin’, south of the Lynos’, than old Jann,’ his laugh was a high-pitched wheeze. ‘Used ta travel all over these lands with the herds, back ‘fore the towns sprang up.’
‘What brings you here?’
‘Wash’s me home now.  Here ten year or more. There’s only so much travelin’ in a man’s bones, younger. At some point he’s got ta stop an’ start takin’ it easy.’
‘You live here year round?’ Petr looked surprised.
‘An’ what’s wrong with that? The others come an’ go alright, but old Jann likes it here. ‘Specially ‘n winter when I has the whole island ta meself.’
‘Don’t you get lonely?’
‘Not at all, been alone most of me life. An’ besides I hears all the news from passin’ travellers. Even before the King himself, I’ll warrant! I has all I needs right here,’ he grinned happily. ‘Where ye headin’ after this?’ he asked.
‘Towards Blackfriars.’
‘Take heed from old Jann now, Younger. There’s strange things afoot of late,’ he whispered conspiratorially. ‘Been hearin’ all sorts of funny stories, comin’ from all over.’
‘Like what?’
‘Monsters! People been seein’ all manner of ungodly creatures in the forests of the wild at night. Some say a whole town up north were destroyed an’ the townsfolk carried off with nary a one found after.’
‘An exaggeration surely,’ Petr smiled to hide his shock. 
Matt arrived and sat beside Petr. His concerned expression confirming he’d overheard the old man’s story, ‘How many townspeople were lost?’ he asked.
‘Hundred...maybe more. An’ then there’s the story I heard from a sailor ‘bout one of the King’s warships bein’ found just driftin’ an’ not a soul aboard. Lots of blood everywhere, but not a body in sight. Looked like a mighty battle had occurred, or so he said.’
‘Pirates more than likely,’ offered Petr.
‘Pirates don’t go nowhere near the King’s navy, younger,’ Jann wagged his cooking fork at Petr to emphasize his point, ‘An’ besides the sailor told me that nothin’ else on the ship was touched. Not the gold in the captain’s strong-box, nor the silver spoons in the officer's galley. If it was pirates they wouldn’t have left them behind now would they?’
‘It was most likely a mutiny,’ announced Yassap as he lead his horse out of the stable, ‘It wouldn’t be the first. The navy has a reputation for severity. The mutineers would not want to be found aboard after the wicked deed was done. Probably took flight on a long boat towards the nearest land.’
‘Then how do ya explain the marks of teeth gouged inta the deck and masts?’ asked Jann
Yassap laughed, ‘A sailor’s fertile imagination. Come, the day is waning and we’re losing light. Mount up!’ he ordered.
Kassim lead Petr and Matt’s already saddled horses out of the stable and handed them their reins. 
Jann waved off the group from the front of the stables. He stayed waving until Petr and Matt turned a bend in the road and disappeared out of sight. Then he went back to his grill and started putting all of his cooking utensils away. It didn’t take long to clean up and when he was finished he turned and looked back up the narrow road that the Thane had taken, ‘May the Light smile kindly on ye, for I’ve feelin’ ye’ll be in need of it,’ then he shook his head sadly, entered his single-roomed shack, and closed the door.

The end of book one.




