



SKIP
Episode One
by Perrin Briar

Contents Page
Prologue
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Epilogue
Want To Know What Happens Next?
Be Kind, Review
Other Books By Briar
About The Author
Copyright




EPISODE ONE

Prologue
Nestled in the Fory Valley between a cluster of great mountains was a strange sight. A building, tall and narrow and thin like a bodkin needle, stabbed at the sky. It was black with a single spire. Each side faced either north, south, east or west.
On the side facing west was the biggest clock in the world. The face was round and tinged yellow like aged parchment. At one end the hands were thick as a girder, over twenty feet in length, the tips tapering to a point so sharp it was smaller than the tiniest grain of sand. But as large as the hands were, their movements were as smooth and confident as a choreographed dance, never faltering, never hesitating, and never ever late.
There were dozens of other, smaller clocks on the larger clock’s face, each more different and distinct than the last. One had arms that flew around faster than it took a man to blink, while another gave a small hiss of constant steam that streamed out of the circle that made up the number six. On another, a strange mechanical crocodile-like creature came out at random intervals, peered around as if looking for something, and then disappeared back inside again. No one knew what the dials were for, but all agreed they must have been necessary for some higher purpose. After all, it wasn’t every day you saw a building such as the clocktower.
It was built with a rare twisted metal and rough black stone in a way that confounded modern engineers. The rock had turned an algae green, and clung to the surface like it were growing a beard. Any rain that struck the top and wound down the well-worn rivulets was absorbed by wildlife long before it got to the bottom.
Blue-breasted swallows and red-cheeked finches made their nests high up in the upper ramparts, the chicks’ chirrups unheard by anyone but their parents, who swung in low with practiced ease, flapped against the hard concrete shiny walls and landed in their nests. The chicks quietened after receiving their meal, before beginning to chirrup again.
BONG!
The giant bells rang out, the deep timbre making the air vibrate in all directions, like a nerve that had been struck.
The birds barely stirred. They ruffled their feathers and set to grooming themselves with their beaks. The bell tolled five more times, and the town gathered at the clocktower’s feet began to show signs of life. The small cottages around it were small and hunched over, curve-roofed with fresh thatch from the farms that encircled the town far and wide.
As the sun peeked its head over Doe Mountain, the tower’s shadow came into being like a demon clawing its way out from the gates of hell. Its first port of call was the River Time that swept by to the south. Women and recently-wed girls washed their laundry in the fast flowing water, scrubbing away the previous day’s wear and tear. They chatted like a flock of geese as they soaped, scrubbed, and wrung their linen. They quietened, their movements becoming laggard, and their breath misting in front of their faces. Their fingers turned white, the ice-cold water biting hard. They picked up their washing and moved to the washing lines, frozen fingers fumbling at clothes pegs.
The rhythmic clang of creation at the smithy poked at the early morning calm. Mr Smith, with his long course hair that hung over his eyes and down to his shoulders, held a glowing half-formed horse shoe in tongs in one hand, and a worn hammer in the other. The fire in the forge glowed yellow with heat. Mr Smith wiped the sweat of his face with the crook of his arm, but still he shivered. He paused, setting down his tools. He and looked out the window at the monolithic clocktower, the sun blazing out from behind it.
Mr Smith went over to the fire, his breath still misted in front of his face, and reached for the giant bellows. He pressed down with all his strength and bodyweight. The fire roared and glowed white, but the light that escaped the smithy did not lighten the tower’s shadow.
By early afternoon the fire was placated and the shadow passed over to the south west, where those working in the offices in the centre of town put on their flat caps and overcoats, huddled hermit-like over their desks, only removing their winter gear when the tower chimed five.
By six o’clock the thick-armed lumberjacks were winding up their day, lying their axes against unfallen trunks in the forest to the west of the town. They welcomed the shadow as it swept over them, bathing in its icy shade. They sat and ate dinner together, telling stories and drinking beer. But even they grew cold come seven o’clock, and everyone bid farewell and went home.
As the sun turned its back on the day darkness crept in under a velvet cloak, the moonlight catching the clock face and making it glow like a new pearl. A small figure wrapped up in a worn brown cloak placed a varicose-veined hand on the clock. The pinky and ring fingers were missing. He wore a dozen rings on each remaining finger, covering them from knuckle to tip.
The man looked down on the town below. There was a whirring sound from his right eye, which was covered by a black eye patch.
A cheer rang up from a large building that hugged the ground, far too distant for any normal man’s eyes and ears to perceive. A hundred square black hats with tassels on were tossed up in the air. There was a flicker as the hats rose a split second too fast.
The old man turned to look at the giant clock face. The second hand jolted backward, and then forward.
A man walking down the street below missed his step, appeared a few feet ahead, and then reappeared to finish his previous step before continuing forward. He stopped, scratched his head, and then continued on. The shadows that spilled across the town amidst silver streams of moonlight flickered a tiny fraction before the moon returned to its original positon.
The wind whipped the old man’s cloak, pulling tight over his short round-bellied frame. He looked down on the town, the world, below, everyone woefully unaware of what had just taken place. He turned and was absorbed by the gloomy darkness of the clocktower’s innards.
Time had skipped. And it wouldn’t be the last time. Not by a long shot.

Chapter One
The road leading into town was broad enough for two carriages to ride side by side. Unfortunately, no one could decide which two it should be, so there were always three vying for position.
A dark stranger on the back of a dusty grey gelding weaved between two suicidal carriages and set to a trot. He pulled down the handkerchief from his mouth. It had turned red with dust. Dirt and grease creased the lines of his eyes, giving him the appearance he had some ailment that was crawling across his skin. His sun darkened features made his light eyes pop with vibrancy from his otherwise dishevelled appearance.
He reached in through the collar of his shirt and took out a key on a silver chain, checking it was there for the one-hundredth time that morning. The key was as thick as his finger and had a knot on the end. He held it tight in his hand. The man’s name was Elian Stump.
Elian took off his hat, which had a triangle piece missing along the brim, reached inside, and came out with a pair of ladies’ binoculars. The initials L.H. were engraved down the side in a feminine flowing font. Through them Elian could see the entrances to the town they called Time.
He checked either side of a road and saw figures in white uniforms stop and search a wagon. Elian turned to the next road and saw the same thing. Then he turned to the third road, and saw none of the men in white robes. He smiled and tucked the binoculars away, repositioned his bandana and hat, and took off at a gallop, swerving between the carriages like they were part of an assault course.
At the town entrance, Elian hopped off his horse, Fortune, and led her down the muddy street. The local people carried on about their daily chores, too busy to be much concerned with the comings and goings of a single stranger.
A smithy glistened with sweat, his arms as large and as hard as the hammer he bore, working with genuine aggression on the piece before him, beating with a rhythmic CLANG-clang-clang, CLANG-clang-clang, CLANG-clang-clang, never once removing his glare from the smart dapper young man standing opposite him clutching a small bunch of wildflowers. The young man stood beside a comely young woman, whose frown lines matched those of the man hammering, identifying her as his daughter, and the young man an unfortunate suitor.
The baker’s doors opened, and the most delicious smell of fresh bread Elian had experienced in a long time came wafting out. He breathed in the scent and let out a contented sigh. The baker, a rotund woman of barrelish bearing, ducked under the low doorframe and wiped a thick arm across her sweaty brow, letting the putrid faeces-stinking, but cool, town air wrap itself around her heated body. She looked at the stranger, and scowled when he breathed in the bakery’s free heavenly aroma. Elian moved on.
He turned a corner and was immediately arrested by the huge black column rising up from the centre of town. It was so gargantuan that he’d seen it for the last three hours of his six-hour ride, and the closer he got, the further up into the sky it stretched until finally it stopped, for the sole reason, he suspected, of simply having run out of sky.
It did not look real. It was monolithic, ancient and old. A remnant of some forgotten civilisation; a bookend to creation. But just what a giant clock in the middle of nowhere was for, he couldn’t say.
As Elian headed further into town, he was pressed on every side by a wash of the great unwashed. Men in rags begged for change with their shredded fingernails, but averted their gaze when gentlemen of the elite came within view, who in turn allowed their own eyes to see through the beggars as if they weren’t there. It was a perfectly choreographed dance that protected both men from shame. It would have been a gas if it hadn’t been so tragic.
Across the road Elian spied a Northern delicacy – lean pork wrapped in a blanket of dough. He felt his mouth salivate, and without thinking, stepped out into the street. He knew his mistake immediately.
The ground shook, and a wheel as tall as a grown man trundled past. Elian pulled his body back at the last split second, sucking in his stomach and holding his arms out to either side. The wheel missed him by no more than a centimetre.
The team of four horses that pulled the gigantic coach were monsters, the biggest draft horses he had ever seen: twice the size of Fortune, and four times as ugly. One back leg could have fed a large family for a month. They had long black manes that slithered down their backs like spilled blood, and around their flanks and shoulders were great jagged welts where they had been cut with a rusty blade.
Elian looked down at his muddied boots and felt hot bile reach up into his throat and bubble against his tonsils. He felt his fingers twitch toward the pistol in his saddlebag, but he calmed himself with deep controlled breaths.
“Some people think they own the roads,” Elian muttered as he wiped the mud off his boots.
The coach itself was gilded red and gold, and was shaped like an overripe onion, too wide around the base and narrow at the top. No other carriage dared battle with it, and swerved out of the way for good measure. It was big and solid and impenetrable. A fortress on wheels. It had an emblem of a shark consuming another shark embossed on the back, and elegant gold lettering wrapped around its base that said, ‘Ascar’.
Elian reached up and put the handkerchief back on around his face, concealing it. He’d just lost his appetite.

Chapter Two
The great grassy plain was an emerald green, tufts of jade drawn on its surface like sprigs of holly. The barren land was a lifeless brown and stretched from the north to the south-east, stopped only by the Dreary Mountains to its west, and the brackish brown of Drunkard’s Sea to the east.
On the opposite coast to the west, the seas were turquoise blue, where it was said the sea was so clean and fresh it was fit only for the gods to bathe in. To the land’s north and south were dark stormy waters and icy tundra where fishermen feared to venture, and only the great white bears and their cubs deigned to play.
And then there were the cities and towns, scattered across the land like tossed marbles, full of culture and learned men. In the centre of the map, the largest of all cities: the Capital, with all its castles and history and culture, the unquestioned gem of human development.
Jera circled every inch of the map with red ink, ink that had been extracted from the Petagonia tree that grew only in the upper reaches of the tallest mountains, and then she drew a route through them all, hopping from one area to the next in black ink that had been distilled from the live tear ducts of the Dacylus squid in the deepest, darkest and near-impenetrable recesses of Drunkard’s Sea.
“You’re looking at the map again?” a voice said.
Jera started, and looked up to see her sister Kali standing in the doorway.
Kali was by far the more beautiful of the two sisters. She had the long lithe limbs of an athlete and blonde hair that fell past her shoulder blades. Today she wore a long silk dress that exposed her graceful lines. In her ears were small pearl earrings, and along her arms satin gloves that cupped her elbows. She was a goddess in mortal skin.
“I was just looking,” Jera said.
Jera on the other hand was ‘almost’ Kali, as if God had created her from the same clay as Kali but then taken her out of the oven too soon. She was tall, but not statuesque, her hair long but stopped at the shoulder blades. Her hair was also blonde, but not a perfect shade: it was streaked with natural brown highlights. Her body consisted of lines and not the effortless feminine curves of her sister. Beside anyone but Kali she would have been a beauty, but the problem was she was always beside her twin sister.
Kali shook her head and walked into Jera’s bedroom. It was large and open with few decorations. The front opened out onto a wide balcony, giving on to views of the wide blue sky and green lawn below. Kali gave the outside world a fleeting glimpse before falling onto the bed beside Jera. She pulled the map spread over the bedspread toward herself.
“Go on then,” Kali said. “Tell me about your plan.”
“Why?” Jera said. “You’ve heard it a dozen times already.”
“I know. But I like to hear you talk about it.”
Jera beamed.
“Okay,” she said.
She pointed to a collection of green bumps on the map.
“Well, you’ve got to go to the Dreary Mountains in the east and hike to the peak of Mount Pleasant, and it’s best to work your way down to the east coast. Then you could surf the tide of No Hope and pass through to the Icy Tundra in the north.”
“Brr,” Kali said, rubbing her bare arms. “I feel cold already.”
“And then you could go through the Great Plains,” Jera said, “and live with the indigenous centaurs for a while.”
“Without hot water on tap and silk blankets? Not likely! How can a set of twins grow up to be so different, do you think?”
Jera shrugged.
“One of us had to have all the right influences,” she said.
“Yes, but where does that leave you?”
The sisters shared a smile. Jera turned back to the map.
“Then I’d hike through the Rumble Jungle until I got to the Ice River,” she said. “I’d hire a boat and sail down it until it dives underwater into the underground caves. I’d disembark and cross this small patch of desert until I arrived at the Capital.”
“It’d be a great adventure,” Kali said. “I wish you could do it.”
“Maybe we could do it together.”
“After we’re married? I don’t think that would go down very well.”
“We don’t have to get married.”
“Maybe not,” Kali said. “But I could never live without all this.”
Kali waved her hand, gesturing to the room, the house, around them. Giant white pillars held up the arched roof, the ivy mouldings looping around them. The fireplace was large and wide, the mantelpiece supporting landscape images.
“It’s just stuff,” Jera shrugged. “It’s not important.”
“Keep those thoughts to yourself. You know what Mother would say if she heard you talking like that.”
Kali got to her feet and smoothed down her dress.
“You need to get ready,” she said. “They’ll be here soon.”
“Are you excited?” Jera said.
Kali smiled.
“Words cannot express,” she said.
“They probably can. You just probably don’t know them.”
“True. All right then, my words cannot express. But yours probably could.”
Kali got a misty look in her eye.
“Gregory is a dream,” she said.
“I guess.”
“Richard isn’t bad either, you know.”
Jera rolled her eyes.
“How would you know?” she said. “Neither of us have seen him in years.”
“Don’t be so hard on him. He’s going to be your husband in one month. Gregory said he’s a good man, who does many good things.”
“I’m sure he does, but I don’t know him.”
“That’s why he’s coming. To get to know you.”
“Do you remember that awful haircut he used to have? The curtains?”
Jera brushed her bangs forward so they covered her eyes and peered through them at Kali, who laughed and covered her mouth with her hand.
“Stop!” she said.
“It’s not fair,” Jera said. “Richard and I are going to be so awkward together, I know it.”
“You won’t know till you see him today.”
“You and Gregory aren’t like that.”
“That’s because we’re meant to be together.”
“You say that about all your boyfriends.”
Kali frowned.
“Gregory isn’t a boyfriend,” she said. “He’s my betrothed, and I only went out with those other boys so I could learn how to please Gregory.”
“Yes,” Jera said. “I’m sure you hated every minute of it.”
Kali struck her sister on the arm without aggression.
“Don’t be so vulgar!” she said.
“But being betrothed,” Jera said. “It’s so archaic!”
“We’re living in the archaic era. Make the most of it. Realise how fortunate you are that you’re at the top. Marrying into a family like the Ascars only cements that position.”
“You sound like Mother.”
“And be thankful you get to meet him at all before the wedding. A lot of couples don’t.”
“If I don’t have any choice over the matter, what difference does it make whether I meet him or not?” Jera said, sitting on her bed. “I want to travel, not get tied down.”
Kali sat beside her sister.
“Things will be all right, you’ll see,” she said.
Jera nodded uncertainly.
“Yeah,” she said.
“Look on the bright side. You’re going to be married soon. You don’t want to end up like Aunt Tessa do you? A spinster.”
Jera picked up the map and turned it around. On the other side was a framed portrait of a handsome middle-aged woman.
“She could have gotten married if she wanted to,” Jera said.
“But she turned down every suitor who came calling,” Kali said. “And eventually they stopped coming. Don’t make her mistake. I’m sure she regrets her decision now.”
“I suppose.”
Kali squealed with excitement and clapped her hands.
“Can you believe we’ll be married into the Ascar family?” she said.
“Yes,” Jera said, lacking Kali’s elation. “Exciting.”
The old grandfather clock in the corner chimed. The moment the chime finished resonating there was a BONG! as the bell in the clocktower high above the town replied to the grandfather clock’s call.
Chime!
BONG!
Chime! BONG!
“It’s two o’clock!” Kali said.
She hitched up her skirts and ran for the door. In the doorway she stopped and turned to look back at Jera.
“Don’t forget to get dressed!” she said, and took off down the hall.
Jera got up off her bed, gave her map one last lingering look, and then hung it against the wall. She turned it over so only Aunt Tessa’s portrait was visible.
She ran to the wardrobe and dug amongst her dresses. She shut her eyes and chose one at random. It was a plain purple dress that kissed the floor and had a shallow neckline. She slipped it on. She pulled back her hair and tied it. She wove in some sticks and flowers for ornamentation to make it look like she’d put in some effort. She picked up a pair of shoes and carried them in one hand.
Jera came out of her bedroom, throwing the door shut behind her with a well-practiced swing so it didn’t slam, but gently rolled into place. She ran down the corridor.

Chapter Three
The butler in a black starched waistcoat carrying a silver tray with her father’s pipe, newspaper and slippers on, stepped out onto the rich red carpeted floor. Jera saw him at the last moment and skidded to a halt.
“Sorry, Jeffrey!” she said, before taking off down another corridor.
Jeffrey smiled and waved.
“That’s all right, ma’am,” he said.
“My name’s Jera, not ma’am!” she said, turning a corner.
“Very good, ma’am,” Jeffrey said before continuing on.
Jera sped past the knights standing to attention in their empty suits of armour down either side of the corridor. They leaned on their swords like they needed the support. Next came the coats of arms of the other distinguished major houses organized into rows along the roof.
Jera turned right and the carpeted floor came to an end, her bare feet slapping the parquet floor, echoing off marble columns. Her ancestors’ portraits followed her down the hallway, showing little genealogical evolution in the family’s six-hundred year history.
Puffing and panting, Jera came to a stop at a large oak door. She put her shoes down and slid her feet into them. She ran her hands over her dress, smoothing down the material and checked her hair in a dented set of armour. She took a deep breath, having still not recovered, and pushed the doors open.
She walked across the large marble floor of the entrance hall to stand beside her sister, mother and father. They stood facing the open main doors.
For a moment, no one said anything.
“You’re late,” her mother said without looking at her.
She had grey at her temples and crown, but she hadn’t treated it, and instead left it to grow out. Her face ended in a pointed chin, perched on a narrow neck.
Kali looked at Jera’s askew hairdo and rearranged the flowers before their mother turned around to see.
“And I thought I told you to wear the blue dress?” her mother said.
“Really?” Jera said. “I thought you said purple.”
“No, I specifically requested you wear the blue.”
“I can go back,” Jera said.
“They’re about to arrive, Jera. Next time think before you act. We can’t always go back and correct our mistakes.”
“Will you two stop squabbling?” Kali said. “I think Jera looks very nice.”
Jera gave her sister’s hand a squeeze.
“But she would have looked even nicer in the blue dress,” their mother grumbled.
Jera rolled her eyes, refusing to rise to her mother’s bait.
The staff of the house waited outside the main entrance in two long lines, each member falling away to the next with each step. The front lawn spread out on the left and right, a wide path splitting it down the middle. Blue Snap Dragons and Hurtling Ember flowers lined either side.
The Wythnos family home was one of very few that had been designed in the traditional Time style: white marble trim with coal-black alabaster. A wrought iron fence ran around each property with a well-maintained exotic garden in every front yard. In front of the houses was one of the few paved roads in the town of Time.
“Why is it taking them so long to get here?” Kali said, a small pinched pout forming on her lips.
“The road from the capital is long and fraught with danger,” their father Lord Wythnos said. “They will be here.”
He was a small man with a paunch that was beginning to be visible through his clothes. He was unfortunate in that he had inherited all three of the Wythnos family’s heredity calamities: the large bulbous nose, bushy eyebrows and pattern baldness.
“You’d better be on your best behaviour today, Jera,” their mother said. “There’s nothing worse than getting old by yourself.”
“Yes, there is,” Jera said. “Getting old with the wrong person.”
“Will you two stop gibbering?” Kali said, a rare thread of anger worming its way into her tone. Her ears perked up. “Wait… I think I hear… Yes! I think they’re coming now!”
The clatter of horseshoes on cobblestones began like raindrops on an old alley tin roof, and then the sound grew, bouncing off the other houses in the street, reverberating like the horsemen of the apocalypse themselves were drawing down upon them.
Jera put her hands over her ears. She couldn’t hear her own heartbeat. Kali was too preoccupied with the approaching coach to notice much of anything, and Lord and Lady Wythnos cowered away from the raucous sounds as if they were physical blows to their person. The waiting staff didn’t even flinch.
The giant horses came to a stop outside the Wythnos residence. Steam issued off them like mist off a mountain. The horses snorted and plumes of white puffed and spiralled out of their nostrils despite the balmy temperature. The horses grunted and stomped their enormous hooves on the paving stones. Jera made a mental note to check to see if the paving was cracked later. Their harnesses were black and stiff and strong, held in the grip of a man hidden beneath stained oily robes, only his gargantuan hands visible.
The Wythnos family walked out the main entrance, the sunlight blinding after the relative darkness of the foyer, and then descended the short flight of marble stairs.
The carriage received awed expressions from the neighbours, and scowls from fellow drivers as it dominated the road and they had to mount the kerb to negotiate around it.
The giant driver swung his legs over the side of the red and gold carriage and landed with unexpected grace. He reached for the door handle.
Kali had eyes only for the carriage door, and the darkness within. Her hands gripped her dress tight with white knuckles, and Jera knew if she touched her, her sister would have reacted like a coiled spring.
“Self-control is the lady’s primary weapon,” their mother said under her breath to Kali. “Self-control.”
Kali made a whimpering sound, her eyes fastened on the carriage ahead, unblinking.
The door opened, and a series of steps slithered down and kissed the ground. A narrow roll of red carpet flopped out over the steps like a tongue lolling out of a cat’s mouth. A figure emerged from the darkness within, but before his golden locks were even fully out of the carriage, Kali’s resolve broke and she was running down the garden path.
“Kali! No!” her mother shouted. “Show some decorum, please!”
Kali didn’t even look back. Her feet kicked up the gravel from the path that wound its way through the lawn, and toward the man at the other end, who had a beaming smile on his wide face. He removed his blue top hat and opened his arms.
In every way Kali was feminine, Gregory Ascar was masculine. He had a big broad chest and wide shoulders, narrow waist and misty deep-set eyes. They conveyed a great sense of mystery and the unknown.
“So much for decorum,” their mother grumbled as she, Lord Wythnos and Jera walked down the garden path at a more sedate pace than Kali had set. “Sometimes I wonder why I even bother.”
Out the corner of her eye, Jera saw a grimace cross her father’s face, but as soon as it was there, it was gone. Perhaps it was never there at all, but a trick of the light.
Gregory met Kali at the foot of the carriage steps, scooped her up in his arms and swirled her around in the air. She squealed with joy. Gregory set her feet down on the lawn with a big smile on his face. Kali stumbled, the circling having left her disorientated. She put out her hand and steadied herself on Gregory’s large forearm. He put his arm around her and led her down the garden path.
Gregory wore a smart-fitting blue suit with the Police enforcement emblem over the breast pocket. He carried a Mameluke sword at his hip. A gold royal crown decorated the epaulette on both shoulders. He removed his top hat and performed a deep bow.
Jera and her mother curtsied. Kali kept hold of Gregory’s arm.
“I thought you boys always wore white,” Lord Wythnos said, shaking Gregory’s hand.
“Only the scroats, sir,” Gregory said with a smile. He turned his grey concrete eyes on Jera. “You look more beautiful every time I see you, Jera.” Then he turned to Lady Wythnos. “More like your mother every day.”
Their mother blushed and fanned herself.
“Please, Mr Ascar,” she said, “save your flattery for my daughter.”
“I have plenty more for your daughter, Ma’am. Never fear.”
There was movement in the giant Ascar carriage. A second figure emerged from the dark innards. The man descended the carriage steps and approached the assembled. Gregory slapped him on the back.
“This is my brother, Richard,” he said. “I believe you haven’t seen him in quite some time.”
He was darker-featured than Gregory, with a crow’s nest haircut, roguish in a devil-may-care kind of way. He wore a white uniform in an identical cut to his brother, but it had blue cuffs and insignia. Richard’s epaulettes were polished silver, denoting his deputy ranking. He had the Ascar’s trademark mysterious eyes that were tucked away beneath a short ridge of jutting brow. He held his hands behind his back and looked at them one by one as if appraising them.
When his eyes flickered to Jera, she felt like she’d been struck by ice. A tingling sensation that began in her fingers and toes and travelled the length of her body. And then he smiled a smile that creased the corners of his eyes and mouth in a pleasing way, and the ice melted.
“It’s a pleasure and an honour to meet you all,” he said with a low bow.
“And you likewise, I’m sure,” Lord Wythnos said, shaking hands with the young gentleman.
Richard bent down to kiss Jera on the hand.
“Jera,” he said. “It’s a pleasure to meet you again after so many years. Gregory wouldn’t shut up about you on the way here. I see my brother’s descriptions of your beauty were not exaggerations.”
Jera’s response caught in her throat. She stood there, slack-jawed and stupid.
“Uh…” she said.
“Jera? Speechless?” Kali said, chuckling. “That’s a first.”
Their mother’s eyes passed between Richard and Jera and a smile creased her lips.
“Shall we proceed inside?” she said. “We have lunch prepared.”
As the others turned toward the house, Richard raised his elbow. Jera hesitated, and then put her hand on it and allowed him to lead her inside.

Chapter Four
The chandeliers reflected in the polished mahogany table. It was made to seat twenty, but the chairs had been arranged according to tradition, with Lord Wythnos at the head of the table, Lady Wythnos on his left, and Gregory and Kali on his right, and Richard and Jera beside Lady Wythnos.
Richard and Gregory held the chairs for the ladies before taking their own seats. A serving man came around with wine to fill their cups, while fresh bread still steaming from the oven and boiled quail eggs were set in the middle of the table. Silver platters were deposited before each diner. It was a simple, but well-curated meal of salad, roasted potatoes, steak, and homemade coleslaw.
“This looks wonderful,” Gregory said, turning to Lord and Lady Wythnos in turn. “Thank you for your kind hospitality.”
“Thank you for taking the effort to travel all the way to see us,” Lord Wythnos said, projecting his voice to be heard.
There was a moment of silence as everyone began to eat.
“Can someone please pass the salt?” Lord Wythnos said from his end of the table.
A footman came over from his position at the wall, took the salt cellar and gave it to the lord with a nod of his head. The Lord Merchant sprinkled the salt on his meal. Once he was finished, the footman put the salt cellar back in the middle of the table and then returned to his post beside the wall.
“How was the journey down?” Lord Wythnos said.
“Not too bad what with the facilities we have on board,” Gregory said. “I managed to do some work and send some messages out.”
“I suppose a man such as yourself must always have a contingent of messengers in tow,” Lady Wythnos said.
“Yes,” Gregory said, “but hopefully we will soon be able to replace them with new technology. This is all very hush-hush at the moment but our family is currently investing in technology that will allow us to transmit our voices over hundreds of miles with the use of wires.”
“Extraordinary,” Lord Wythnos said. “Is it even possible? I thought such things were only possible by… unnatural means.”
Gregory chuckled.
“Sometimes it seems like witchcraft, I grant you,” he said. “But I am assured it is all possible with simple fundamental science.”
“Marvellous.”
The footmen cleared the plates and replaced them with moist slices of chocolate cake.
“Perhaps some of this technology might make certain parts of the world less dangerous,” Lady Wythnos said, cutting into her cake.
“It’s possible,” Richard said. “Anywhere where man has not yet fully conquered is a dangerous place. The jungle, the desert, the ice caps, Dreary Mountain and Drunkard’s Ocean. These are places where nature still presides and we are merely visitors.”
“But that’s also what makes them so exciting,” Jera said. “To step foot in the cradle of nature, where perhaps no one else has ever ventured before.”
Richard smiled at Jera’s obvious passion.
“I had no idea you were so adventurous,” he said.
“There is a great deal you have yet to learn about me,” Jera said.
Richard’s eyes glimmered.
“I look forward to it,” he said.
Jera blushed and concentrated on her vegetables.
“Not to mention the natives in certain parts of the world,” Gregory said. “Some have no intention of sharing our technology and rather prefer to fight us over it. They exist solely to be and do not want to advance.”
“Heathens,” Lord Wythnos said with a grunt.
“We ran into a spot of bother on the way here with some natives,” Gregory said. “Of course, their blowpipes and homemade bows and arrows weren’t much use against our defences, and they soon scattered off when we returned fire.”
Gregory shrugged.
“We must make allowances for them,” he said. “If they wish to remain in the Dark Ages, then so be it. We are about to enter a great period in our evolution: the industrial era. Gentlemen and businesses are already stockpiling coal and oil for the factories they’re building.
“There will be a population explosion and the people will require supplies to live. Only an efficient factory-processing system will be able to cater to such requirements. Mark my words, the future is an exciting place to be.”
Gregory reached over and took Kali’s hand.
“Which is why unions like our two families coming together are so important,” he said. “With our father’s Ascar production facilities and your Wythnos shipping lines, we will form the largest and most powerful family in the whole kingdom.”
“As well as the happiest, I should hope,” Lady Wythnos said.
“That above all,” Gregory said, looking deep into Kali’s eyes. “My every thought and action begins with Kali’s happiness.”
Lady Wythnos fanned her red cheeks again. Lord Wythnos raised his goblet.
“To the future of our great families,” he said.
Everyone raised their goblets and took a swig, Jera noticeably slower. The dessert plates were now empty, and the footmen came to clear them. They brought tea and coffees, adding milk, cream and sugar at each diner’s request.
“How is the City these days?” Lord Wythnos said.
“Demanding,” Gregory said. “The hunger in the City is insatiable. It’s difficult to keep up with demand sometimes.”
“But we do our best,” Richard said with a smile.
Jera looked over at Richard out the corner of her eye. He was rugged and handsome with a little stubble on his chin. He was four or five years older than her, she guessed. His curtains were long gone.
“Though the business side of the family is not our only concern,” he said.
“Would you care for more coffee, sir?” the maid said to Richard.
The maid was a little thing, with her hair pulled back tight from her scalp. But her arm was steady with the weight of the pot she carried in one hand. Instead, it was the handle that was weak, and snapped off. The pot hit the table, splashing hot coffee over Richard’s lap. He shot up onto his feet, brushing at the scalding liquid with his napkin.
“Sir!” the maid said. “I’m so sorry!”
Richard’s expression turned dark. He glared at the maid, who took a step back. Richard looked at the people around him, and the scowl dissolved.
“It’s quite all right,” he said to the maid. “Accidents happen.”
He turned to the other guests.
“Please excuse me,” he said. “I must go change. I appear to have had an accident.”
“You’ll find it’ll happen more often the older you get,” Lord Wythnos said with a small smile.
He turned to a footman.
“Take Mr Ascar to his quarters, please,” he said.
Richard followed the footman out of the dining room.
“I must apologize,” Lord Wythnos said to Gregory. “This place has a great deal of history, but unfortunately those things do tend to fall apart.”
Gregory waved his hand.
“It’s nothing,” he said. “Richard has suffered a great deal worse.”
“Now that excitement’s over with, where were we? Oh yes… How is the police force treating you?”
“Very well. We have reduced crime throughout the kingdom, though a new plague is gripping us as we speak. It is a curse upon humanity, and the worst thing of all: we are virtually powerless to stop it. It is an addiction amongst the people and despite our best efforts the profiteers of this vile concoction continue to elude us.”
“My goodness,” Lady Wythnos said. “Is it such a scourge that even the police force cannot combat it?”
“Unfortunately so, my lady,” Gregory said. “They call it ‘Gap’ for reasons I cannot fathom, other than perhaps as a gap in the user’s judgement when trying it for the first time. We’ve invested a great deal of the family’s money into making people aware of its dangers, but alas our efforts are fruitless. It spread first through the lower classes, but is now finding a foothold in the middle and upper classes too.”
“My goodness. Even the gentry have found its allure appealing?”
“The concoction in question does not distinguish between class, my lady. If you are a living, breathing host, by consuming it you have allowed yourself to be consumed by it. I implore you all, should you ever be offered such a concoction, you are to refuse it at all costs. It has torn families apart and removed all wealth and honour a gentleman might have once had.”
Gregory looked at the women around the table, their expressions shocked. He shook his head.
“I apologize,” he said. “This is not the sort of topic to have in polite company.”
“Not at all,” Lord Wythnos said. “It reminds us all of how fortunate we are.”
The doors opened and Richard entered wearing a fresh pair of breeches. He carried a chest in his hands.
“Ah!” Gregory said, pushing his seat back and getting to his feet. “I almost forgot. We brought gifts.”
“You shouldn’t have,” Lady Wythnos said.
“You do not visit the well of beauty without offering a gift or two,” Richard said.
He deposited the chest on the floor. It was decorated in a mosaic-like pattern with gold and onyx tiles, painting a beautiful vista of mountains and lakes.
Gregory tossed his blonde hair over his shoulder before bending down to open the chest. He extracted a silk gown coloured in tiny gemstones in the pattern of budding flowers.
“For Lady Wythnos,” he said, “a silk gown laced with the finest jewels from the Dorwin mines.”
“Good gracious,” Lady Wythnos said, pressing a hand to her chest. “Really, this is too much.”
“My only regret is its beauty can never live up to my Lady’s loveliness,” Gregory said.
Lady Wythnos fanned herself with even greater fervour. Gregory reached into the chest again.
“For our good Lord Wythnos,” he said, “a case of the finest cigars in the kingdom, made with the last Ringle tree of the cycle.”
“Thank you,” Lord Wythnos said, taking the box. “My current batch was just about depleted.”
“And for the two most beautiful ladies in the entire kingdom,” Gregory said, reaching into the chest and removing the last two items. “Hats designed by the most famous designer in the Capital. He’s a friend of the family and made these just for you. You shall be the envy of every lady in the kingdom.”
“Oh!” Kali said. “Those are the most adorable things I have ever set eyes upon!”
She took a hat and pressed it onto her head, where it enclosed tight on the top and sides. A ribbon hung loose on either cheek.
“They’re all the rage in the city,” Richard said.
“Would you tie it for me, dear Gregory?” Kali said.
“Certainly.”
Gregory stepped up close to tie the knot beneath her chin. As he did so, his eyes never left Kali’s.
“Would you care for me to do likewise?” Richard asked Jera.
“I… suppose that would be okay,” she said.
“Don’t worry, I don’t bite,” Richard said with a flash of his brilliant white teeth.
Unable to look Richard square in the eye, Jera studied her fingers. Richard tilted her head up so he could tie a bow beneath her chin. Her face was no more than a few inches from his. His skin was dark. He was a man used to being outside, his skin kissed by sunlight.
As his fingers worked at the ribbon, Richard’s fingers grazed Jera’s chin, clearly by design. She did not shy away from it. His eyes locked on hers, and he ran a delicate finger along her jawline.
Lord Wythnos cleared his throat, and they both started. Jera lowered her eyes and took a half-step away from Richard.
“Would you fellows care to join me in the library for a smoke and a brandy?” Lord Wythnos said.
“With honour, sir,” Gregory said.
“Perhaps afterwards we could go into town,” Kali said. “It’s market day today.”
“Certainly,” Gregory said.
“The gentlemen must be tired what with their long journey today,” Lady Wythnos said.
“Not at all,” Gregory said. “In fact, I’d rather like a stroll.”
“Would you like to go, Jera?” Richard asked.
Jera peered around at those present. They were all watching her. Kali nodded surreptitiously while her mother widened her eyes with affirmation.
“No,” Jera said. “Sorry. I think I’ll go to my room and read instead.”
“Oh come on, Jera,” Kali said. “It’ll be fun.”
“I’d like to rest.”
“Going to the market might do you some good,” Lady Wythnos said, her voice barely concealing the heat in her words. “These gentlemen have come all this way to see you.”
“Rest will do me better,” Jera said, turning to leave. “Thank you. I hope you have a wonderful time.”
Richard watched as Jera left through the door. His head was cocked to the side in thoughtful repose.

Chapter Five
The shop was built into the ground floor of the clocktower. ‘Clock Maker’ was inscribed on a small sign perched outside the front door in peeling paint. The ‘k’ had been drawn to represent a keyhole shape. In the window was a battered piece of board with ‘Assistant Wanted’ written on it. When Elian pushed the door open, a small bell rang.
“Hello?” Elian said to the darkness. “Is anyone here?”
Large dark worktables with burn and dent marks in their surfaces lined the room. Each table had instruments in small boxes in the centre. Light spilled in through the small cubby-hole windows crisscrossed with black metal frames. In their recesses were tiny figurines of men and women in various poses that caught the light produced rainbows that played at the figurines’ feet. Elian sorted through them and pocketed those made of gold and silver.
Covering every available space on the walls were more clocks than Elian had ever seen. There were square clocks, round clocks and grandfather clocks. There were clocks with pendulums, clocks with wind-up mechanisms and even quartz movement clocks. They all ticked and tocked at the same precise moment, not one out of step. Elian fingered the doors of a cuckoo clock. He could see the bird perched inside, waiting to be released.
Along the left hand wall were a series of stands to store things in. In one there were various pieces of bent metal. In another, tools and cranks and pistons sat up, poking out of the long row of buckets that hung there. At the back of the shop ran a counter, similar in make and design to the worktables, but gave off the tang of fresh oil.
On it sat a single small bell. Elian pressed it. The sound rang out and pierced the silence. Once the sound reverberated to silence, Elian pressed the bell again.
Someone took heavy steps down a stairwell that ran from the left of the entrance. One step was heavy and thunking, the other hollow and higher pitched. His long, thin hands were gnarled like someone had tied knots in them. They gripped the bannister, steadying his descent.
The man was gnarled and old and bent. His brow was warped with a thousand whorls of wrinkles and his ears were huge like God had mistakenly set a pair of bat ears on him. They curled up at the top so they rested on the side of his head. He wore a black patch over one eye. His foot ended in a thick stump of wood, oiled like the benches in the workshop. His beard appeared to have received the same treatment as although it was naturally grey and white, it had turned brown around his lips like a tobacco chewer’s whiskers. He snarled, and the few teeth he had remaining protruded like they wished they had abandoned ship with their comrades years ago.
“Well,” he said with a sneer on his twisted face, “what do you want?”
“I saw your advertisement outside,” Elian said.
“Advertisement? What advertisement?”
The old man hobbled over to the front door. His peg leg made solid hollow thunking noises on the boards and a lasting ching sound when it made contact with a nail. His footsteps were sporadic and out of rhythm, falling onto his left stump like it had barely caught his weight, stopping him from falling over at the last moment.
He pulled the door open and blinked against the light, reached over for the advert and carried it inside. It was half-splattered with mud and grime. It said, ‘HELP NEEDED’.
“You mean this?” the old man said.
“Yes,” Elian said. “I don’t have a lot of experience with fixing watches, but I’m a hard worker and I learn fast.”
“Where’s the other lad?”
“Which lad?”
“The one who was working here?”
“I suppose he must have left.”
“And he didn’t even have the decency to tell me hisself?”
The old man spat on the floor.
“Young people these days have no respect for their elders,” Elian said, shaking his head.
“I’ll have no sucking up, son. If you carry on this way, I’ll kick you out right now.”
“Yes, sir.”
The old man tossed the advertisement onto a worktable and opened his gnarled hands.
“Give me your hands,” he said.
Elian did, and he bent over them, inspecting them close. Elian could feel the old man’s nose hairs on his skin. The old man straightened and dropped Elian’s hands.
“These aren’t the hands of a clock maker,” he said. “Might be the dextrous hands of something, but not a clock maker.”
“Sir, I don’t need permanent employment,” Elian said. “Just a few days is enough. I’ll work for food and a place to sleep.”
The old man turned away.
“Close the door on your way out,” he said.
“Sir, I’m a fast learner-”
“Learning’s no good with clock making. You gotta feel.”
“Then I’ll learn to feel.”
“There is no learning to feel, only feeling. Sorry son, but you haven’t got it.”
The old man turned and hobbled back toward the stairs. Elian looked at his hands and let them fall to his side. He walked toward the door.
Cheep.
Cheep cheep cheep.
The old man froze, one hand on the railing. He turned and looked back at the clocks hanging on the wall. Elian stood and watched the old man, who was drawn to one particular cuckoo clock like he was under some kind of spell.
The doors of the cuckoo clock opened very, very slowly. A small orange beak popped out from the darkness, and the old man started back. A smile creased his features. The chick hopped out from the clock onto the ledge, its yellow feathers gleaming in the sunlight. The old man brushed the side of the chick’s cheek. It turned its head and peered over at Elian. The old man followed the chick’s sightline.
“Are you sure?” he said to the chick.
Cheep.
“He’s a moron with no experience.”
Cheep.
“But perhaps that’s what we need. A blank slate. But never that blank, surely?”
“I’m still here,” Elian said.
The little chick stepped up to the ledge, curled its toes around the edge, judged the distance to the floor, beat its wings and flew toward Elian. Hesitant at first, it soon learned to hover in front of Elian’s face. Its beady black eyes stared at him, and Elian stared back. If Elian didn’t know any better he would have said the bird was appraising him.
The chick turned and flew back toward the cuckoo clock. It was weak and couldn’t make it. The old man bent down with surprising speed and caught the chick in his cupped hands. He placed the chick back on the clock’s ledge. It panted for a moment before getting to its feet and hopped back inside the cuckoo clock, the doors closing behind it.
“Well,” Elian said, “that was entertaining, wasn’t it?”
He gestured to the clock.
“It’s a cuckoo clock, right?” he said.
“Yes,” the old man said, leaning against a worktable. “But that chick is no cuckoo. It is altogether more rare than that.”
“What is it, then?”
“A phoyl. According to legend, its parents were a phoenix and a hoyl, endowing it with the ability to be reborn anew, forever and eternally, but only at times of great turmoil.”
“You don’t say,” Elian said.
It meant nothing to him, and he barely attempted to conceal it. The old man shook his head.
“What it is is not important, but its purpose,” he said. “It comes out of its nest but only once every one hundred and twenty years. Sometimes less often than that.”
“Huh. Well, ain’t that something.”
“It is said that when the chick awakens, it is in the presence of the new clock maker. He who restores and maintains the great clock of the tower.”
“So, you’re saying I got the job?”
“Yes,” the old man said. “Against my own personal judgement, and for reasons I cannot for the life of me fathom, you have been chosen.”
“Chosen? By the bird?”
“By the mystical bird.”
“Great. When do I begin?”
“You have already begun.”
“Excellent.”
The old man got up and ambled over to the staircase. He stopped and turned.
“What’s your name, stranger?” he said.
“Elian. Elian Stump.”
The old man’s crooked teeth made an appearance, and the wrinkles swallowed his face.
“You know what you name means in the Old Tongue, don’t you?” he said.
“My parents told me it means ‘time’.”
The old man shook his head.
“No,” he said. “It means ‘a moment in time’. Rather appropriate, don’t you think?”
Elian frowned, not understanding the old man’s reference. The old man began his slow climb back up the stairs.
“Oh, and put the figurines back, will you?” he said. “The place looks dreadfully dull without them.”
The old man’s laboured footsteps disappeared upstairs. Elian took the gold and silver figurines out of his pocket, and then put them back in again.
“I’ll just… work down here then, shall I?” he said. And then, under his breath: “Old kook.”

Chapter Six
Jera stood looking up at her map on the wall, following the black line she would travel. She felt a tingle of excitement, but then the smile faded from her face, and she sat down on her bed and looked at her hands.
She made tight fists, her knuckles turning white. She untied the hat she’d received as a gift and tossed it on her bed. She pulled a large trunk suitcase out from under her bed and tossed it onto her mattress. She threw the top open.
She started walking toward her wardrobe. She took a step and suddenly she was already across the room. Her hand was on the handle. She frowned at it. And then she jolted back and she was in the middle of the bedroom floor again.
Jera blinked, turned and looked around at her room. What had just happened? Everything in her room appeared to be in order. Nothing had changed. Was she experiencing déjà vu? She turned her head to the side and shrugged her shoulders. She walked to her wardrobe and reached up to put her hand on the handle.
It was a smaller change this time. She still had her hand on the wardrobe handle but her head was up and she was looking around at her room.
Jera’s hand flew off the handle like it were red hot. She backed away from the wardrobe. She sat on the corner of her bed. She felt sick to her stomach. After a moment, the sensation passed.
“Jera!” a voice said.
It came from outside.
Jera got to her feet and walked with steady steps toward the open windows that led out onto the balcony. The balcony itself was wide and semi-circular in shape with a waist-high concrete balustrade, and perched over the back garden. Climbing plants twisted their way around the marble columns with blind green fingers, prodding and probing any surface they came to. A trellis swamped with thick vines and large bulbous purple and blue flowers clung to the wall.
Jera peered over the edge and saw Richard in the backyard twenty feet below.
“Jera?” he said. “Can I come up?”
“I thought you were going to the market?” Jera said.
“Not until a little later. Can I come up?”
Jera thought for a moment.
“No,” she said. “I don’t think that would be for the best.”
“All right, I’ll keep shouting from here then. But just so you know, I’m pretty sure the neighbours can hear me.”
Jera looked to the side, where the neighbours were indeed sat, drinking refreshments under a parasol, watching the scene take place. The old bald man next door raised his glass in salutation.
“Just go to the market with Kali and Gregory,” Jera said to Richard.
“I’m afraid I can’t do that. You see, it is a question of honour.”
“What honour?”
“My being here has dishonoured you. I cannot return home until I have restored that honour.”
“You haven’t dishonoured me.”
“I fear I may have been too forthcoming with my affection for you at lunch.”
Jera glanced at the neighbours out the corner of her eye. She blushed.
“I’m not sure if now is the best time to be discussing it,” she said.
“I agree,” Richard said, “but discussing it with me down here and you up there definitely isn’t the best. I’m coming up!”
“No! Don’t!”
Richard gripped the trellis with his hands and shook it, testing its durability.
“Here I come!” he said.
“No!”
“I’ll be with you in no time,” he said, finding a good handhold. “I’m a good climber.”
“Use the stairs. They’re right over there.”
“Stairs are too easy. This is symbolic.”
“Symbolic of what? Being stupid?”
The vines wobbled and rustled as he made his way up.
“All right, fine,” Jera said. “But I hope you know that’s poison ivy you’re climbing.”
“Actually, no. I didn’t know that. Ow!”
Richard got a hand on the balustrade and then a leg. He pulled himself up and leaned against the balcony.
“Do you make it this hard for all men?” he said.
“There are no other men.”
“I’m the guinea pig.”
“You’ve been stung,” Jera said.
Richard’s exposed arms, neck and face were covered in small red spots.
“I’ll get the salve,” Jera said. “Come sit inside.”
Richard entered Jera’s bedroom and sat in an armchair beside the window. He peered around at the walls and furniture. Jera sat in the chair beside him, tipped the bottle of salve onto a rag and began dabbing at his face. Richard smiled.
“I climbed a trellis of poison ivy for you,” he said.
“I didn’t ask you to do that.”
“You didn’t not ask me either.”
“I think I did. Why is it that whenever men do something idiotic they say it was in the name of honour? Is that how men convince themselves of their own honour these days? Making sure not to do what a woman says?”
“It does in some circles, I’m sure.”
Richard shut his eyes.
“That feels better already,” he said.
“Be quiet until I finish.”
There was a pause. Richard peered around at Jera’s room.
“You have a lot of books,” he said. “What kind of books do you like?”
“Stories.”
“What kind of stories?”
“Adventure stories.”
“Why those in particular?”
“They’re interesting.”
“I prefer non-fiction myself. It’s always worthwhile to improve oneself.”
They were silent as Jera applied the salve.
“You know, there are a great many books in the City,” Richard said.
“There are many books in every city,” Jera said.
“Not as many as in mine.”
Jera shrugged.
“I have enough to read,” she said.
She took his left arm and began applying the ointment to it.
“Why do you spend so much time reading?” Richard said.
“There’s not a lot else to do around here.”
“There’s a lot to do everywhere. You’ve got the whole town, the surrounding area, the forest, mountains. Everything.”
Jera shrugged.
“I guess I read to escape,” she said.
“From what? I’ve seen what wonderful is, and what it isn’t, and this is definitely wonderful. Have you ever been on a real adventure?”
“Only in my dreams. It must be amazing to meet new people and come in contact with new cultures.”
“I’ve travelled. And if there’s one thing I’ve learned it’s that people everywhere are the same. With the same wants and needs and desires. Everywhere.”
“But it’s the differences that make us unique and interesting though, don’t you think?” Jera said. “The same man in one situation might not do the same as he would in another. Time often repeats itself.”
Richard smiled.
“And the nature of right and wrong,” Jera said, “good and evil. Good always triumphs in the end.”
“Yes, you’re probably right.”
“I guess I read so I can be someone else for a while.”
Richard reached up with his free hand and touched Jera’s face.
“Why would you ever want to be someone else?” he said.
Jera blushed and turned so she pulled her face away. Richard spotted a large red bump on his hand.
“Woah!” he said. “You were right about the poison ivy.”
Jera took his hand and dabbed ointment onto it.
“Don’t you think it’s crazy for parents to choose who we marry?” she said.
“Not really. It’s been happening for generations.”
“Shouldn’t we be able to choose our own husbands and wives? The common man does.”
“But the common man doesn’t have the privileges we do.”
“Or the expectations.”
“The lives we live are far more satisfying than the poor. They go through their lives living from one day to the next, whereas we have the chance to do something great with our lives. That’s got to be worth giving up a few freedoms for, hasn’t it?”
“I suppose.”
“I have to say,” Richard said. “I was nervous about meeting you today. But I’m really glad I came.”
The topic of conversation had turned too intimate too quickly for Jera. She scrabbled for something to say.
“I, uh, felt something earlier, something odd,” Jera said. “Did you feel anything?”
Richard smiled.
“You felt it too?” he said. “I knew I wasn’t the only one to feel these emotions.”
“Emotions? No, I meant just before you came up here. Did you sense the world spinning beneath your feet like time wasn’t running properly or something?”
Richard squinted.
“Is this from one of your books?” he said.
“No. I really felt it. At least, I think I did. I must have just imagined it. There, all done.”
Jera put the rag and ointment down on a side table.
“Thank you,” Richard said.
Something caught his eye on the wall. He got up and moved toward it.
“What’s this?” he said.
He was gesturing to the map hanging on the wall. Jera had forgotten to turn it around!
“Nothing!” she said. “It’s nothing.”
She got up and rushed to the map and grabbed it to turn it over. But Richard held it flat against the wall.
“This is a map of the kingdom,” he said. “But what are all these red circles and black lines? Is it… directions? Or a route?”
“It’s just a… a project I’ve been working on,” Jera said. “I’m interested in history.”
Richard turned and saw the open suitcase on the bed.
“Were you planning on going somewhere?” he said.
Jera bit her bottom lip.
“I don’t think my father would be very happy if he knew you were in here,” she said.
“What’s the map all about, Jera?”
Jera opened her mouth, but no words came out. Her shoulders slumped. She sat on the edge of the bed, head in her hands.
“I don’t want to get married yet,” she said. “It’s nothing about you. It’s just… There are all these places I want to go, but if I get married I’ll never get to go to them. I feel like I’m trapped and I can’t escape.”
“Who said you can’t visit these places? One of the reasons I’m here is to get to know you. If you want to travel I’m sure we can figure out a way for you to do it. I am happy for you to travel with me around the world, though we’d have to avoid some of the more dangerous locations, of course. If you’re interested in accompanying me, that is.”
Jera wiped her tears away with the back of her hand.
“You wouldn’t mind taking me with you?” she said.
“Of course not. I’d love to. You can come with me to any business locations I go to. We can see the world together.”
Jera smiled.
“That sounds good,” she said.
“You know, I’ve seen some of the world.”
He glanced over at her to see if she was listening. She was.
“To roam across the Great Plains, see for miles in every direction…” he said.
Jera edged closer.
“You’ve been to the savannah?” she said.
“Every corner.”
He unhooked a tooth from his belt.
“This is from the mouth of a sabre goat,” he said. “I killed it myself.”
Jera took it from him and inspected the incisor.
“Did you have to kill it?” she said.
“I didn’t want to, but it was either him or us.”
“What were you doing there?”
“Our caravan broke down and we had to go looking for fresh supplies.”
“Have you ever been to the Haunted Forest?” Jera said.
“Yes, I have,” Richard said. “Alas, I was too weak of heart to enter it. If you like animals, there’s a menagerie in town today in the market. It’ll be leaving tomorrow, they said. That is, if you’d like to go. Today will be the last day it’s here.”
“It’s been here for two weeks,” Jera said. “Don’t you think I’ve already been?”
“I suppose. But they had a new last-minute addition.”
“Oh?”
“A sabre goat.”
Jera’s eyes widened.
“No!” she said. “Really?”
“Yes. I passed it this morning.”
“How did it look?”
“Ferocious. Almost as dangerous as those on the outside.”
Richard flinched.
“These poison ivy stings are a little delicate,” he said.
“Was this all some kind of plan?” Jera said. “For you to sweep me off my feet?”
“That depends. Have I swept you off your feet?
Jera’s mouth dropped open.
“Uh…” she said.
“Because I can assure you,” he said, stepping closer, “you have quite swept me off mine.”

Chapter Seven
Stalls were lined up in endless rows through Time’s market square. Marketers bellowed at the top of their lungs selling everything imaginable.
Children ran about under the feet of customers and purveyors, chasing one another with toys their parents had bought or stolen for them, running under the hooves of horses. People cajoled and pushed, some falling over into the mud. Babies cried and wailed and hollered and screamed and all the while the fetid stench of the town hung thick in the air.
The ground was covered in square bricks, blue with white veins, but you had to be careful or risk tripping over on a wonky slab and breaking the fall with your face. Carriages sailed past down the roads, pulling up and letting out passengers before picking up another fare.
Some stalls sold food and snacks, others trinkets and jewellery, from the very cheap to the obscenely expensive. Those without permits pushed their carts over the pavement and into the road, rumbling and rattling down the causeway.
The whole place was a zoo, and amongst it all was a real zoo – with animals and creatures shipped in from all over the world. They were in tiny cages that prevented movement, but encouraged chitters, screeches and roars of anger.
“Stand back,” Gregory said, ushering Kali and Jera to stand behind him. “These creatures can be dangerous.”
“I’m sure they wouldn’t let us get so close if they were dangerous,” Kali said, clinging to Gregory’s arm.
“I wouldn’t put so much trust in these people if I were you,” Gregory said. “They care to earn a copper penny, not for your wellbeing.”
“Would you say you know your creatures?” Richard asked Jera.
“I think so.”
“Fancy playing a game? If you can name all the creatures I point to, I’ll buy you a gift from one of the stalls.”
“All right.”
Richard gestured to a large creature, his back straight and noble. His hooves tapped impatiently on the cage floor. His head was upright and facing the far distance. He never locked eyes on anyone, even when they got directly in his face.
“That’s easy,” Jera said. “He’s a centaur.”
“And this one?”
A tiny creature, no taller than Jera’s hand, held on tight to the bars of its cage, his skin shiny and opaque. He had a pointy nose and ears. His wings had been filed down to bloody stumps.
“A fairy,” Jera said.
Next Richard pointed to a small creature, transparent with green bones.
“That’s a Spittle Spitter,” Jera said.
Just then, the creature drew back its head and spat, sending a calcium ball at a passing man’s head.
“An upset one, by the look of it,” Richard said. “And what’s that?”
He pointed to a dumpy creature in a glass jar with teeth poking out from every part of its body.
“Snap-Gobbler,” Jera said.
Then he gestured to a small fuzzy purple creature. The hairs retracted inside the body and then sprung out again.
“Hedgepog,” Jera said.
“Wow,” Richard said. “You certainly know your creatures.”
Jera shrugged.
“A lifetime lived in books,” she said.
“They look harmless enough inside a cage,” Richard said, “but out in their natural habitats they are a totally different creature indeed. If you are ever unfortunate enough to be caught out in the wild with them, do yourself a favour and climb the nearest tree you can get to. Ah, here we are. The star beast.”
In a small clearing was a large goat-shaped creature with horns that had been filed down. His jaw was bent from where it had been broken and healed back together again. His two razor-sharp fangs protruded six inches from his top jaw. He lay there unmoving, like he were dead, moving only when a child came too close and poked a stick at him, and the creature bound to its feet and swiped at the child, who got away by mere inches.
The sabre-goat got to its feet and circled its area of mud until it grew tired and settled down to sleep again before another child came and poked at it.
“He’s quite ferocious, isn’t he?” Jera said. “And yet so sad. He was once a mighty beast, king of his domain, but now he’s here, chained to be gawped at by strangers.”
“If we’re lucky we get our time in the sun, but eventually we must all fall.”
The clocktower loomed over the entire town. From this angle the top seemed to press up against the sky, holding it in place like a giant blanket. A murder of crows flew between the great spires, cawing.
“Kali?” a voice said. “Kali Wythnos?”
The group turned to find a man dressed in a worn shirt and baggy trousers. He carried a bag of malformed potatoes in one hand. He smiled at Kali, who shied slightly behind Gregory’s arm.
“As I live and breathe!” the man said. “It is you! How are you?”
“Good, good,” Kali said, her smile dropping for a moment. “How are you?”
“I’m well, I’m well.”
The man turned his eyes on Gregory.
“Who’s this strapping young fellow?” he said.
“I’m sorry, I should introduce you,” Kali said, covering her eyes with her hand in a show of false embarrassment. “This is Gregory Ascar. Gregory, Craig Flout.”
They shook hands. It was quick and cool.
“I haven’t seen you in a while,” Craig said to Kali.
“No, I’ve been pretty busy.”
“So I can see,” Craig said, darting a cold smile at Gregory. “Enjoying the market?”
“Yes. Look, Craig, I’m very sorry, but we must get going. Lots of things to see and do.”
“Say no more. Don’t be a stranger, huh? Maybe we can meet up again sometime.”
“Sometime,” Kali said through a tight smile. 
“Gregory, pleasure to meet you.”
Gregory didn’t return the compliment. Craig bowed and left.
Kali and Gregory continued to walk down the pavement, albeit at a slower pace, and in a less ecstatic mood than before. Kali’s expression was distracted and concerned, though she put a brave face on it.
Richard pulled Jera toward a foreign items stall. The owner of the stall was a short pot-bellied man with a thick bushy moustache and fine hair that had no semblance of style at all. He stood in the centre of his wares, the tables square around him. On two of the tables was traditional jewellery made of reeds, leaves and bright beads. On the other two tables, a collection of traditional weapons.
“From the ancient Goleuni tribes in the Rumble Jungle,” the rotund stallholder said. “Genuine articles.”
“Jera, try on one of these,” Richard said.
The necklace consisted of braided vines wound tight, and a series of long hard white objects that looked very much like bone. The necklace was hauntingly beautiful.
“Try it on,” Richard said.
Jera pulled up her hair and turned her back to Richard. He put the necklace on around her neck and fastened the clasps. Jera looked at herself in a mirror.
“How do I look?” she said.
“Very… native. Let me buy it for you.”
“There’s really no need.”
“I insist. You did win our game earlier.”
Richard took out his wallet and handed over five copper coins. As the owner took the money and bowed his thanks, a man appeared from the crowd and grabbed a handful of the items on the table and beat a hasty retreat.
The stall owner, in no particular rush, sighed, picked up a random blow dart, loaded it with an object about the length of his little finger, turned, aimed, took a lungful of air, and blew into it, all in one smooth movement.
There was a faint blur of green, and a whistling sound like something furry flying through the air. There was no sound when the dart struck. The thief took a few more strides before he hit the ground. He clutched his left leg, where a small clutch of green feathers protruded from it. He rolled onto his back and fell unconscious. The shoppers around the dart stall turned, breath held in shocked awe, and fell upon the dart stallholder, handing money over fist and purchasing the blowdarts for themselves.
“Well, that was exciting,” Jera said.
A small crowd had gathered around the thief. Jera and Richard pressed in close to him.
“We never used to have thieves in Time,” Jera said. “Not out in public like this, anyway. Why do you suppose he tried to steal it? It couldn’t have been worth much.”
Richard pulled up the ratty sleeve of the thief’s arm with the tip of his cane. There were puncture holes in the crook of his arm.
“That’s awful,” Jera said. “It’s that compound everyone is talking about, isn’t it? Gap. The moment someone takes it, they’re hooked and can’t live without it.”
“It has even made its way into the sleepy town of Time,” Richard said, shaking his head. “Nowhere is safe.”
A pair of men in white uniforms arrived. They saluted to Gregory and Richard, a movement where they raised a flat hand just above one eye.
“Take this thief to the station,” Gregory said.
“Yes, sir,” the constables said.
They carried the thief away. Richard turned to Jera and placed his hands on her shoulders.
“I’m sorry you had to see that,” he said. “It’s infiltrated the Capital too. No matter the precautions we take, it still gets through.”
“I suppose if the drug gets a stronger hold on the town we’ll be seeing a lot more like this,” Jera said.
“Indeed we will, my dear. Indeed we will.”

Chapter Eight
Jera and Kali dumped their bags on the floor and collapsed on Jera’s bed. Sunlight filtered in through the rusty brown drapes and cast crosshatch patterns across the floor. The fabric whispered like they were sharing secrets.
“You and Richard seemed to be getting on well today,” Kali said.
“Yes,” Jera said. “We were, rather.”
“Are you less worried about getting married now?”
Jera took in a deep breath and let it out.
“No, not really,” she said. “I’m still worried.”
“About what? The preparations are being made as we speak. And Richard’s smart, handsome and he’s got a great career ahead of him.”
“I know. And maybe you’re right. Maybe one day I will come to accept him as my husband. I may even grow to love him. But he is still a man I did not choose for myself.”
“We’re women. We don’t get to make choices.”
Jera turned her head to look at the portrait on the wall.
“Aunt Tessa did,” she said.
“And look where that got her,” Kali said. “Maybe women weren’t made to make decisions.”
“I wish I could fast forward ten years and see how things turn out.”
“Yes, well, you can’t. You have to follow the laws of time along with the rest of us.”
Kali sat up and stretched. She moved to the full length mirror and appraised herself.
“Do you think men will look at us differently when we’re married?” she said.
“Probably. Why?”
“No reason.”
Kali adjusted her dress.
“I need to go get changed,” she said.
“Get changed?” Jera said, pushing herself up onto her elbows. “Where are you off to now?”
“I have an appointment.”
“With Gregory again? I swear, if you hang out with him more you’ll become one person.”
“No, not with Gregory.”
Jera tilted her head to the side.
“Then with who?” she said.
“Just a friend.”
“Who was that man at the market today?”
Kali glanced at Jera and then looked away.
“Just a friend,” she said.
Jera knew her sister too well to be side tracked by that remark.
“What was his name? Craig? He didn’t look like just a friend to me. If I didn’t know any better I would have said he was jealous.”
Kali sighed.
“Is there ever any use in trying to keep something from you?” she said.
“We’re twins. We have a mystical bond.”
“All right, so yes, I was seeing him for a while.”
“For how long?”
“Just a few months.”
“And then you stopped?”
“Not so much ‘stopped’ as ‘paused’ for a while,” she said.
“‘Paused’? But you’re betrothed!”
“Betrothed for a very long time! Or, a few months at least. I have needs.”
“You needed to be honest and faithful.”
“That’s why I’m going to meet Craig today.”
“To break it off?”
“Yes. Men can be funny if you don’t make things clear to them from the start.”
“You’re unbelievable. And you’re telling me I can’t go travel and do the things I want when you’re out doing all the things you want!”
“Yes, yes. All right, all right. But it’s over now. Tonight will be the very last time I ever see Craig.”
“It had better be,” Jera said. “If I have to give up my dreams, so do you.”
“Gregory,” Kali said with a smile. “I’ll be honest and faithful to him till the day I die. After tonight.”
Kali left, leaving Jera by herself. Her bedroom suddenly felt empty. She picked out a book from her bookshelf and took a seat in an armchair beside the window. A cool breeze tickled her face and stroked a vagrant page. She looked out the window at the lawn outside. She turned back to the book, but again became distracted. She put the book down and left her bedroom.

Chapter Nine
A gardener knelt in a well-manicured flower patch. He wore a wide-brimmed straw hat that covered his head and both shoulders. He grabbed a thick weed in one gloved hand and worked it free with the fork. He smiled and waved at Jera as she passed.
The flowers made great spiral patterns of pink Azaleas, bluebells, daffodils and snap dragons. Jera walked to the bottom of the lawn, letting her feet guide her.
The ground had been pound hard as stone by constant passers-by’s feet, and then loosened and dirtied Jera’s shoes as the luscious green grass gave way to a thick wood at the back of the property. She headed into it. A shrub shook, and a pheasuck clucked and sailed past, the air hissing between its feathers.
Jera came to a large tree, bark green with lichen. Jera grabbed a rectangular block of wood that protruded from the trunk and pulled herself up. Her feet slipped on the wet wood. One step had split and she had to turn her foot sideways to stand on it. Her arms shook under her own weight, and she pulled herself onto a set of floor boards. She was fifteen feet up. She shook her head, out of breath.
“I remember that being a lot easier,” she said out loud.
Jera took a step, and the boards creaked beneath her feet. The floor was slimy, wet and green with damp. A tree branch had woven under the floor and pushed up one corner. Piles of last autumn’s leaves lay scattered in damp clumps. A pair of children’s chairs faced the tree trunk, flowers painted on the backrests.
Jera sat on one of the chairs and looked out at the woods. Green leaves hung over her like it was the roof of the world, and the breeze ran through the trees like water in a tranquil stream. She saw something written on the tree trunk, poking out from behind a large stained sheet of paper. When she pulled the sheet back it slipped off the tree and sailed to the ground twenty feet below.
A smile creased Jera’s lips at what she saw. Jera ran her fingers over the letters carved into the bark in an unpracticed hand that was still legible. At the top was written:
THINGS I WILL DO BEFORE I GROW UP:
1.CLIMB DREARY MOUNTAINS
2.SAIL DOWN THE ICE RIVER
3.TRAVERSE RUMBLE JUNGLE
4.LIVE WITH NATIVES ON GREAT PLAINS
5.VISIT EARTH’S END
6.FALL IN LOVE
SIGNED JERA WYTHNOS
Jera traced the word ‘LOVE’ with her finger, her thoughts lost to the act.
“You always were adventurous.”
The voice caused Jera to leap to her feet, knocking her chair over. The floorboards creaked.
“Mother?” Jera said. “You scared me!”
“Maybe I didn’t do that enough when I raised you. The other noble families rule their children with an iron fist. I never wanted that for you because I know how that felt. But at least then you would listen to your parents when they told you to do something that was so obviously good for you.”
Lady Wythnos tucked an errant strand of hair that hung over her forehead behind her ear.
“You’re not the only one with an adventurous spirit, you know,” she said.
“How did you get up here?” Jera said.
“I had our staff form a staircase for me to climb up.”
Jera peered over the edge down at the ground. Her mother rolled her eyes.
“I climbed, of course,” she said.
“You climbed?”
“No need to sound so surprised. Stranger things have been known to happen. Sometimes people are capable of things we never thought they were. It’s nice sometimes when we’re proven wrong, don’t you think?”
“How did you know I would be here?”
“You weren’t in your room and you always used to run here when you were upset as a child. It was your fairy tale home away from the rest of the world.”
Lady Wythnos stepped across the floor, the boards creaking beneath her. She grimaced with each step, but crossed to Jera and took her in her arms.
“I’m so proud of you for today,” she said.
“For what?”
“For going to the market. I don’t know what Richard must have said to you to get you to go, but I’m pleased you went.”
“I’ve been to the market a hundred times.”
“But not with Richard.”
“You’re giving him a chance. That’s all I ever asked of you.”
Lady Wythnos took a seat in one of the children’s chairs. She had to balance on one buttock.
“So, how did it go?” she said.
Jera couldn’t keep herself from smiling.
“It went well,” she said.
“Do you like him?”
“Mother…” she said in an embarrassed tone.
“Can’t a mother be interested?”
“She can, but not overly so.”
“Come sit. Tell me about him.”
Jera sat down in the other chair.
“Well, he seems nice,” she said. “He’s travelled a lot.”
“Do you think he might be the one?”
Jera took a moment before she answered. She gestured to the wall covered in writing.
“Do you see this list, Mother?” she said. “I wrote this, or rather carved it, when I was twelve. Travelling and going on adventures has always been my dream.”
“Marriage is an adventure. Every day with your father is an adventure. Taking care of your home, raising children, these are your adventures. Leave these other things to men of questionable means.”
Her mother sighed and shook her head.
“Sometimes I forget you and your sister aren’t children anymore,” she said. “Well, not with Kali, anyway. She’s always been a bit of a child. But you… You’ve always seemed older and more mature. You need to be mature again now. We’re just worried about you, that’s all. With each year that slips by, it’s another candle adding to the flames that keep men at bay.”
“That’s a bit theatrical, don’t you think?”
“But true, nonetheless. I wasn’t always a mother. I was an actress, once.”
“For the National Theatre in the Capital, I know. You got to live your dreams, so why can’t I get to live mine?”
“The world has changed. It’s a dangerous place now, full of dangerous people with dangerous habits. It’s not safe.”
“It was always like that, Mother. You just remember it differently.”
“Maybe I do,” her mother said, removing a leaf from Jera’s ear. “But I had no one to protect me like you do.”
“But I need to live my own life.”
Jera got up and walked to the edge of the floorboards. She hugged herself.
“Don’t you ever wish you could see your own future?” she said. “Just a glimpse, so you could see what was coming? And then you could make the best decision you could.”
“That would be nice, I admit,” her mother said. “Unfortunately, that’s not the way the world works.”
“I’m already at the age when I should marry and I feel like I haven’t done anything yet.”
Lady Wythnos stood, her head swam and she had to place her hand on the tree trunk.
“We all have to give up on our dreams sometime or another,” she said with a sad smile. “Eventually we have to face the truth: that we can’t just do everything we want.
“I wasn’t born into this world. I was from a minor noble family. I was meant to marry a local businessman, or a man of moderate means. But, I had a talent. I could act, and the theatres cried out for me. I was successful and approached by many suitors, some obscenely rich and some related to royalty, but I chose your father.
“Do you know why? Because he was a good man. He was from a successful family, but I knew I could be happy with him. And I am.”
Lady Wythnos reached out for Jera to take her hand.
“You marry the man, not the name,” she said. “Richard is a good man. And he will treat you well. If you have another suitor in your pocket, then by all means present him to us. But this match with Richard, it’s a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity. You get the best of both worlds. I’m here advising you now not as your mother, but as a woman of the world. Marry Richard.”
“Father made the decision who I should marry. These marriages are good for both families, but what about me? Am I cattle?”
“You’re a daughter. This was what it was always going to come down to. A privileged life comes with a restriction of other privileges. A man like Richard does not come along every day.”
“You marry him, then. He might be a good man, but I don’t I love him.”
“Do you like him?”
Jera hesitated.
“Yes,” she said.
Her mother smiled.
“Then that’s all you need,” she said. “Love will come with time, or even if it doesn’t, you’ll still like him. Do you know how far ahead of everyone else you will be?”
Jera nodded. She was silent a moment.
“Richard said I could travel,” she said.
“Well, there you are then!”
“But to none of the places I want to go. He will let me see the mountains, but not climb them. He will let me see the oceans, but not swim in them… It’s meeting halfway on something I should not negotiate with. Aunt Tessa-”
“Tessa had her chance, but she turned down every suitor that came to her.”
“But she had a dream: she wanted to travel. She wanted to see the world. Maybe if I wait for someone else-”
“There is no one else, Jera. There is Richard, or there is no one. He is your last chance for a happy married life. Don’t you see that?”
“If you would just let me travel-”
“We would never see you again. I saw the same thing happen to my sister. Our parents relented and she went off around the world, swearing that once she had seen everything she wanted, she would return. But she never came back, not until it was too late for her to marry, in any case. By then you and your sister were already born. She didn’t even come to my wedding.”
Jera looked away.
“I didn’t know that,” she said.
“It’s true. Listen to me, Jera. Let this list go. It belongs in another life, in another time. Maybe it was never in your life. You’ve got so much to look forward to other than this. You’ve got parties and balls and children. So many things to look forward to.”
Jera looked down at the ground below her. It would be so easy just to fall…
“Okay, Mother,” she said. “I’ll marry him. Maybe I can convince him to let me travel a little more.”
“Good girl. You won’t regret this. Mark my words. You will be happy and live out your days in luxury. These thoughts of travelling will disappear and you can focus on what’s really important: raising a family and taking care of your husband.”
“Yes, mother,” Jera said with a sad smile.
Her mother stepped across the floorboards toward the ladder.
“Are you coming down?” Lady Wythnos said.
“In a minute. I’d like to stay here a little longer.”
“All right. But don’t spend too long up here. I don’t trust this floor.”
Lady Wythnos grabbed hold of the ladder and began to climb down.

Chapter Ten
Jera sat on a child’s chair and watched as the sun crept ever closer to the horizon. It was just beginning to turn dark, in that moment when the birds stopped singing and the world was overcome with peace.
Jera picked up a handful of damp leaves and stuffed them into the carving that made up her name that signed her list of things to achieve before adulthood, and when she stepped back, her name looked like it was never there.
She crossed to the edge of the platform and threw her legs over the side, stepping on the first rung of the ladder. She paused when she heard voices. And then the snap of twigs and foliage below. The voices became louder and clearer as they passed beneath her.
“Do you think they’ll go for it?”
“Of course they will – look at us. How could they resist?”
“They’re putty in our hands.”
“But what if they get suspicious?”
“Then it’ll be a mighty short honeymoon.”
Their accents were guttural and rough, like something Jera only ever heard while passing the rougher sections of town in the carriage.
“What about the old man? He’s whimpering and simpering and going on like he might try to back out.”
“The time for backing out’s past. If he’s going to have second thoughts he should have had them before he came to us.”
“Come on, let’s get this farce over with. The sooner we get hitched to these so-called ladies the sooner we can shove off and never set foot in this backwater. You know what? When I own this kingdom, that’s going to be the first thing I do. Name this forsaken rock ‘Backwater’ and blow up that awful black building an’ all. It’s ruining my tan sittin’ in its shade all day.”
“What was all that stuff with tying the ribbon?”
“Ladies like it. They think it’s sensual or something.”
“You’re shameless.”
“Don’t knock what works.”
“You’re shameless.”
“My one’s not gonna be a lot of fun, I can tell you that. You’ll have to watch yourself with your one. She looks like a bit of a live wire.”
“I think I can handle her. I wish I could get to handle yours.”
“Why didn’t you warn me she was the ice queen?”
“I figured you wouldn’t have come otherwise. Would it have made any difference?”
“I suppose not. Why is it you always get the beautiful fun ones? Next time I get the fun one.”
“That’s just the luck of the draw. She’s got a nice body at least. Unlike Beverly Craddock. Do you remember her?”
“Don’t even bring her up. She’s like a splinter in my mind.”
“A fat splinter.”
The two men chuckled.
“What makes you think there’s going to be a next time? This might be it forever.”
“Don’t say that. I can’t be stuck with her forever and a day.”
“I suppose it’ll never come to that.”
“Do you think they suspect anything?”
“Would they still be marrying us if they did? I don’t think so. All we’ve got to do is keep ‘em sweet till next month. We’ll be husbands and wives, and then the old man’ll have nothin’ to complain about.”
“Keep your voice down. Somebody will hear us.”
Jera pressed her body against the tree trunk.
“Sh. Wait,” one of the voices said. “Did you hear that?”
There was a pause.
“Hear what?”
Somewhere deep in the woods an owl screeched.
“You’re putting me on edge, saying stuff like that.”
“Better safe than sorry.”
“We can’t talk in the house, where else can we talk?”
Their voices became indistinct again as they walked across the forest floor toward her house. They passed into a thick curtain of moonlight.
Jera got a look at the two men. They were of similar height, one wide and large, the other sleight and wiry. Her breath caught in her throat.
They each wore a suit. One white, one blue.

Chapter Eleven
Jera waited in the treehouse until well after Richard and Gregory had gone inside. The sun had set and she was cold, but more than that she was scared. She wasn’t quite sure what she’d heard.
She picked up a stick that had fallen from the upper reaches of the canopy. She snapped the excess twigs off and peeled the bark off the end. She began etching something into the soft bark of the tree, but it wasn’t until she finished and saw the word she’d written that she understood what she had been doing. The engraved word ‘IMPOSTERS’ was light with exposed grain.
Jera looked up in the direction of her house. She got up and climbed down the ladder. At the foot of the tree she looked at the darkness around her. She took her first tentative steps across the space thick with trees. Something rustled in the hedge, causing her to hop on one foot before hastening forward. Her footsteps were slow and laboured, and she felt like she was running through treacle. Something snagged her dress, and she turned in panic. Her dress tore, a long strip of blue material hanging from the bush.
Little squares of golden light spilled from the windows and stretched to elongated rectangles across the back lawn. Jera got to the outer edge, closed her eyes, took a deep breath and exhaled. She marched up the lawn, the gardeners long since gone. Her heart beat in rapid bursts. The dining room doors were wide open and Jera could hear music. She walked up the stairs and looked in through the window.
The music was coming from the next room – the sitting room. She could see her parents and Gregory conversing. Jera ducked her head down and walked in through the open French doors of the dining room. She placed her hand on the sitting room door frame and caught sight of her father. She tried to catch his eyes, but he had them closed, laughing at a joke Gregory had just made.
“Jera!”
She spun around at the voice. Richard’s hulking mass approached her.
“What happened to you?” he said. “You’re a frightful mess!”
Jera stared at him in open horror, and then she relaxed her expression. She looked down at her clothes.
“Oh,” she said. “Oh, yes. I am rather, aren’t I?”
“What happened? You look like you’ve been rolling about in the mud.”
“I went for a walk and fell over in the woods. I was watching the moon, not looking where I was going. There are so many tree roots sticking up out of the ground it’s hard to see anything.”
“Yes, yes. Of course. You’re not hurt?”
“I’m fine. It’s just mud.”
“‘Just mud’?” Richard chuckled. “I know your sister wouldn’t react like that. Speaking of which, you haven’t happened to have seen her by any chance, have you? We can’t seem to locate her.”
“She went out to meet a friend,” Jera said.
“Do you know which friend?”
“Just a girl friend from school.”
Richard smiled. It was the same sweet smile, but this time it looked greasy and put upon, and Jera wondered how she had ever been suckered into believing it held a shred of warmth for her.
“Why don’t you go get washed up and join us in the sitting room?” he said in his smooth deep voice. “We’re choosing patterns for the wedding serviettes. A life or death decision. We could do with your input.”
“I’ll be right in,” Jera said, reflecting his own phony smile back at him. “You go inside. Try to deflect Mother’s poor taste.”
Richard turned and walked down the hall. Jera looked back into the sitting room. Her father caught sight of her and smiled. He raised his glass of champagne. Jera made her eyes wide and nodded to the side, to join her. He waved her over. She shook her head. He frowned, and put his glass of champagne down, excused himself, and walked toward her.
“Jera, what’s wrong?” he said.
“Not here.”
Jera walked toward the opposite end of the dining room at a calm sedate pace, utilising every shred of willpower not to run as fast as her legs could carry her.
“Jera?” Lord Wythnos said.
“One moment.”
She opened the door, stepped through into the corridor and waited for her father to join her. They were alone. She closed the door behind them.
“Jera, just what is going on?” her father said, his voice fuzzy with anger.
“It’s them. It’s Gregory and Richard. They’re not who they say they are!”
“What? What are you talking about?”
“It’s not really them. They’re pretending to be them! I don’t know if they’ve always been pretending or they’re just starting now, but they’re not who they say they are!”
“What are you talking about? You’re not making any sense, what are you saying?”
“I was up a tree, in the old treehouse Kali and I used to play in. I was about to come down when I heard voices. It was them. It was Richard and Gregory. Only they weren’t speaking in their voices, but different voices, rougher voices. And they don’t really want to get married. They’re doing it for some other reason. And they said they’ve been married before!”
Jera panted, out of breath. Lord Wythnos’s eyebrows knitted together.
“Are you sure it was them you heard and not someone else?” he said.
“Yes, I’m sure.”
“Could you have only heard someone else talking, and then saw Gregory and Richard?”
Jera hesitated.
“Think carefully,” her father said. “Did you really see them talking? Or just hear them and see them later?”
“I…”
Jera clenched her fists.
“No,” she said. “I know it was them. It was the sound of their voices, their cadence, their tone. They spoke with different accents, but it was definitely them. And there was no one else around.”
“You’re certain? If I’m going to take action I’ll need to know there is no doubt in your mind.”
“I’m certain, Father. I know it was them.”
Lord Wythnos nodded. His eyes were faraway, distracted with thought.
“Look at me and tell me you don’t believe me,” Jera said.
Lord Wythnos looked up at her. Her hair stuck up and she looked more unkempt than usual. Her eyes were round with fear.
“You honestly believe this?” her father said.
“Yes, Father. Please. You have to help me get rid of them. They’re dangerous.”
Lord Wythnos nodded, and then nodded more vehemently.
“Yes,” he said. “Yes, you’re right. Of course, you’re right. It’s just hard to believe they might not be what they appear.”
Lord Wythnos pulled the door open a crack and peered through the dining room and into the front sitting room. He couldn’t make out his wife or his guests, but he heard his wife’s chiming laughter. He closed the door.
“We need to get you and Kali to a safe place,” he said.
“Richard said he hadn’t seen her, that they couldn’t find her.”
“She came back about ten minutes ago.”
“She did? Where is she?”
“She’s in her room, getting changed. Wait here a moment and I’ll make my excuses so they won’t follow us.”
“What about mother?”
“She’ll be all right. They don’t suspect anything right now.”
Lord Wythnos walked through the dining room and into the sitting room. Jera peered around at the long corridor, feeling alone in all the world. She crossed her arms, goosebumps pricking her flesh. A moment later her father returned.
“Let’s go,” he said.
They walked down the empty corridors. The vacant suits of armour seemed to have eyes that watched them as they passed. Jera clutched her father’s arm tight. She hastened until her legs grew cramp.
“What do you think they’re going to do?” Jera said.
“I don’t know. But if what you say is true we have to do something.”
Jera smiled with relief.
“I knew if I could get to you everything would work out,” she said.
Her father smiled, but kept his eyes straight ahead.
They walked down the corridors with generations of Wythnoses watching them from their square portrait prisons, the same genetic language written over their faces: the jutting eyebrows and bulbous noses, and then once every few generations, a beauty the likes of which the bards sang.
They got to Kali’s bedroom. Jera pulled the door open and rushed inside. It was dark and cold, and the candles hadn’t been lit.
“Kali?” Jera said. “Kali? Are you in here?”
She ran toward the bathroom, but the candle hadn’t been lit in there either.
“She’s not here,” Jera said. “Kali’s not here.”
Jera turned and faced her father standing in the doorway, his figure a small beaten shadow backlit by moonlight.
“Father?” Jera said.
“I’m sorry, Jera,” he said, not looking up.
Jera ran toward him, but he reached over and pulled the door, slamming it shut and casting her in darkness. She beat at the door. The heavy lock turned and clicked into place. Jera grabbed the handle and pulled on it, but it would not open.
“Father!” she cried.
“I’m sorry, Jera,” her father’s voice said through the door. “This is for your own good. I’m doing this for you.”
“Father? What are you doing? Open the door! Father? Let me out!”
Jera banged on the door with her hand, but it wouldn’t budge.
“Listen to me, Jera,” Lord Wythnos said. “You had to find out one day, but I didn’t expect it to be so soon. It’s much too soon. I’m sorry, but you must marry Richard. The Ascar family are the only ones who can help us now. Everything will make sense in the end, I promise you. This really is for the best, you’ll see.”
“Father, let me out,” Jera said, trying to add authority to her shaking voice. “Let me out now.”
“Listen to me, Jera. Our family is destitute. We’re broke. We have no money left. By agreeing to marry into the Ascar family we can save our family, keep our home, and you can have a future. Your mother can’t know about this. She can never know. Jera? Are you listening to me?”
“Why did you bring us into this?” Jera said in a small voice.
“Jera… It’s complicated.”
“This was your fault. Why did you have to drag us into it?”
“You were what the Ascars wanted. They wanted to tie you to me so I wouldn’t back out. Once I agreed there was nothing I could do.”
“What are they going to do?” Jera said.
“They’re just going to use my fleet to trade their goods, that’s all. Since the storm six years ago business has been slow. But now we can recover and be as strong as ever.”
“Father,” Jera said with tears in her eyes. “Don’t do this, please.”
“This is for your own good, Jera. One day you will see that.”

Chapter Twelve
Elian stood beside the door and watched the clocks on the wall. Pendulums swung and second hands ticked, and the instant they made a full circle they began to chime, Elian slammed the door closed and turned the lock. He turned to the clocks hanging on the wall and rubbed his hands together.
“Time for you to show me your family jewels,” he said out loud.
He took hold of a clock that had silver digits, hands and whorl detailing around the edges. He sat it on a work bench and hunched over it. He slipped the edge of a tiny chisel under the number one and tapped it ever so gently with a tiny hammer. With a little pull, the number loosened and fell to the table, chiming like heaven’s bells.
Elian picked it up and raised it to his trained eye. The light bounced off it and refracted off the wall. He smiled. It was good quality. He bent back down over the clock and began chiselling at the number two.

Chapter Thirteen
Lady Wythnos, dressed in her bedclothes, pulled back the silk blankets from the bed and climbed in. She buried herself in deep like a tick and wrapped the blankets around herself forming a cocoon.
“I haven’t seen the girls all night,” she said. “Are they all right?”
Lord Wythnos slipped the jacket from his shoulders.
“Oh, yes,” he said. “Quite all right. They’re just excited about the wedding, that’s all.”
“It seems wrong to be organising the wedding without them.”
Lord Wythnos unbuttoned his dress shirt.
“They are tired, dear,” he said. “It’s been a long day for them.”
“I suppose you’re right. That’s what parents are for, to help organise things their children don’t want to do.”
Lord Wythnos went into the bathroom, ran the tap and splashed water on his face.
“It feels like that’s ninety percent of a parent’s job,” Lady Wythnos’s voice said. “Organising things.”
Lord Wythnos stared at himself in the mirror for a moment and then came back into the bedroom and changed into his bedclothes.
“Does Jera have to marry Richard?” Lady Wythnos said. “He’s a nice boy, but I just don’t think they’re a perfect match.”
“It’s about time she took on some responsibility. I’ve sacrificed a lot for this family. I won’t let her get away unscathed.”
“You’ve become awfully gruff in your old age, Frederick. Seniority doesn’t suit you.”
“Does old age suit anyone?”
“I think I handle it well.”
“That you do.”
Lord Wythnos kissed his wife on the forehead and climbed into bed.
“The Ascars are the backbone of the kingdom,” he said. “Their fortunes are on the up while the old dogs like ours…”
“We’re not doing so bad,” Lady Wythnos said. “It wasn’t so long ago you couldn’t mention the Ascars without your face turning purple.”
“People change.”
“Since when have you ever changed? You’ve always been a fifty-year-old man.”
Lord Wythnos shrugged.
“I saw how Arthur Ascar does business,” he said. “He reminds me that perhaps my ancestors weren’t all that dissimilar to him. He’s a little rough around the edges, I’ll grant you, and he’ll never truly be one of the gentry, no matter how much money he throws at it, but you have to admire his business acumen. I’ve never seen a family business rise so fast.”
Lady Wythnos yawned.
“My father used to say that anything that rises too fast is always prone to sink just as quickly,” she said.
She rolled over, and within seconds her breaths became slow and deep and measured. Lord Wythnos lay staring up at the ceiling.
“Whereas the old die slow agonising deaths,” he said.
“Nh?’ Lady Wythnos said, starting awake. “Did you say something?”
“Uh, no dear. Just talking to myself.”
Lady Wythnos grumbled and rolled over again, her breaths coming slow and deep once more.

Chapter Fourteen
Richard knocked on the door.
“Jera? Jera, I know you’re in there. Talk to me. Jera? All right, you don’t have to speak, just listen.”
He sat down on the floor with his back against the door.
“Your father told me you’re feeling a little uncertain about the wedding,” he said. “I’m not going to lie to you, I feel a little nervous myself. But believe it or not, Gregory and I are not bad guys. You love travelling, and there’s no reason why you can’t travel as much as you want when we’re wed. I only said you couldn’t travel to those dangerous places because I thought that’s what you wanted me to say.
“Despite all our wealth and power Gregory and I are just two guys who fell in love with you and your sister. Now, I know how that sounds. We hardly know you, but sometimes you can know a person deeper over a period of days instead of years. I really think you could be the one. We have the rest of our lives to spend together. You don’t want a few nerves to ruin the rest of your life, do you?
“Gregory and I are the sons of a self-made man. When we were young we had nothing. We worked hard for what we have. We went without. We worked hard at school as our father taught us. We took over the school. We ran everything there. We bought and sold everything we could get our hands on. If there was a need, we supplied it. If there was someone who wanted something, we sold it to them. We sold better food at a lower price than the snack shop. They went out of business, so we jacked up our prices. If there’s one thing we know, it’s business.
“And now we’re strangers in a foreign land, trying to win you and your sister’s hearts. It’s not easy, but if you’re patient I’m sure we can be very happy together.”
Richard paused for a moment, listening for a response.
“Jera? Are you there?” he said. “You really ought to say something now.”
He sighed.
“All right, listen,” he said, getting to his feet. “I’m going to let you out, but you have to promise to behave yourself. Okay?”
There was another pause.
“Jera?”
Richard got to his knees and peered through the keyhole. Through it he caught sight of the large bay windows that led out to the balcony. The curtains billowed with the wind’s gentle caress.
A rock landed in the pit of Richard’s stomach. He tried the door. The handle turned but didn’t open. He took the key out of his pocket, inserted it into the lock and turned it.
Richard ran to the wardrobes and threw the doors open. He pushed the clothes hanging from the railing aside. Then he went to the restroom and kicked the door open, causing it to bang on the back wall. He ran inside. It was dark and murky, the light catching the tiles and shiny surfaces.
Richard came out of the bathroom. The wind stroked the curtains and ran over the denuded bed, stripped bare of blankets and drapings. Tied to the balcony was the knotted end of a bed sheet. He pulled it up, the sheet-rope piling up at his feet. The end was caked in mud. Richard leaned his fists on the balcony’s railing and looked out at the backyard.
“Bitch!”

Chapter Fifteen
The streets were dark and empty. Her footsteps echoed off the cold stone walls and bounced back to her, assaulting her with their lack of stealth. She bent her knees and crouched low in an effort to make less noise, and then realised how absurd she must have looked.
A man lay unconscious in the gutter. He was mumbling something under his breath. Jera thought she heard a shuffling noise in one of the alleys. She pulled the scarf around her face tighter and kept moving.
Ahead of her the north city gate yawned open, the twinkling stars above like friends waiting to greet her. Two uniformed constables stood guard, one on either side of the gate. If she could just get out of the town she would be safe.
She heard the slow clip-clop of horseshoes behind her. A horse snorted, causing her to start. Jera shrank into her scarf and turned into an alley. The draft horse passed her, and the choking aroma of a wagonload of sprouts rattled over the lumpy dirt street as it approached the city gates. The constables at the gate called the cart to a stop.
“I’m on my way to Silver Falls,” the cart driver said.
“I’m sorry, sir,” a tall constable said. “We can’t let you through tonight.”
The old draft horse whipped its tail at invisible flies.
“What do you mean you can’t let me through?” the driver shouted. “I have to get to Silver Falls by daybreak!”
“Not tonight you won’t, sir. Under orders of the high commander these gates will remain closed till morning.”
“I’ve got a living to make! If I can’t sell these sprouts, they’ll go off and my family will starve come winter!”
“They don’t like sprouts?” the tall constable said.
The driver screwed up his face and hopped off his cart and rounded on the constables to fight a battle he had no chance of winning.
Heart pounding in her chest, Jera turned and walked down the dark alleyway squeezed between two buildings. Her foot came in contact with something and a glass bottle rolled across the narrow space. She placed her feet more carefully until she got to the opposite end. She paused before exposing herself to the warm yellow glow of streetlamps.
Then she heard voices.
“Of course, everyone knows the Wythnos girl run away cos of the forced marriage she’s been bullied into,” one voice said.
“I wouldn’t speak like that about the high commander’s betrothed if I were you. Someone might overhear and get the wrong impression.”
“They might overhear, but they won’t get the wrong impression. It’s bloomin’ barbaric the way they arrange their children’s marriages like that. Bloomin’ barbaric.”
Jera backed into the alleyway and waited as the two soldiers passed. Their white uniforms glowed in the moonlight, their swords gleaming with promise. Once they were gone she poked her head out into the street and looked both ways.
Across the street was a pub. Folk music played on a violin and drum. The fast beat matched the beating of Jera’s heart. She crossed the street and peered in through the glass windows, which warped the patrons’ faces. She couldn’t identify who they were, but they all stood around chatting, laughing and joking. The soft golden glow of the lantern light spilled across the street, shadows moving to and fro like demons attempting to escape from hell.
A man with his arm draped over the shoulders of a buxom woman, his hand dangerously close to her near-exposed bosom, stumbled out of the pub. He upended his tankard, wiped his mouth with the back of his sleeve and tossed it aside.
“Come here, my lovely,” the man said, pressing her against the wall.
The woman giggled with glee and wrapped her arms around the bearded man’s head as he buried himself into her cleavage. The woman gasped, and started shaking. She clawed at the man’s hair.
“Calm down!” the man said. “I haven’t barely got started yet.”
But her eyes weren’t on him, but on something across the road.
“By jove,” he said.
They were staring at four sets of red eyes gleaming in the darkness across the street. There was a horrendous screech like a soul being torn from its host. The woman screamed and burst into tears in the same instant. The bearded man backed away. The breath caught in Jera’s throat.
The red eyes reared up into the air, drawing up perhaps nine or ten feet. The animals’ hind legs seemed to reach for the sky and then slammed hard onto the dirt road, causing it to shake. Liquid dribbled from their wide nostrils and blood trickled from their open wounds.
The driver raised his whip in the air and threw it forward. It whip-cracked like thunder and the horses whinnied and cried and screamed in the night, and the hoof steps were loud as a hurricane smashing through the town.
Jera threw herself aside, into a narrow alleyway dark with shadows. She ran, and turned left down another alley, and her footsteps echoed off the narrow walls a dozen times and sounded like a mob was chasing her. She skidded to a halt at the mouth of the alley.
Jera edged around a corner and spied a white uniform heading toward her. She pressed herself against the wall and waited for the constable to pass. She looked across the street and saw the wide open space of the market square.
The market and its contents had been packed up, but the stalls remained. It felt like a lifetime since she’d last been there. The animals were still in their cages. Most of them were asleep, lying against the wire mesh of their cages.
A tall gentleman with a cloak and walking stick stood with a young dark-haired woman in a plain, but simple dress. They were looking at the rodents, who succumbed to their nocturnal urges and ran about their cages, looking for somewhere to go or to run to but lacking the opportunity to do so.
Jera had eyes only for the great old tired beast that lay in the mud. It was lit by a single paraffin lamp that hung above a dirty puddle of water. Under this meagre light Jera could see the sabre-toothed goat lying defenceless and without care.
“This way!” a man’s voice shouted in the night. “She went this way!”
Jera looked left and right, unable to place the origin of the man’s voice. She stepped forward into the sleeping sabre-toothed goat’s den and sat on a crate that was stuck fast in the mud.
Running footsteps approached and then disappeared into the distance. Jera watched the sleeping beast. It breathed, slowly, in long drawn-out breaths that rose and shook its entire body. The collar around its neck was black and thick and made of leather. There were gouge marks on it from where it had tried to bite it off. Jera closed her eyes. She felt so tired, and she was lost and alone and didn’t know where she was going or what she was going to do.
Squelch.
Jera opened her eyes to find a huge pair of golden eyes looking at her. She was wrong. The sabre-toothed goat’s hind quarters were thin and pale, and his bones poked out at his fur. He walked with a pronounced limped, and the fur on the left side of its head was tinted green, exposed to the flies that buzzed about his thin face. And yet there was a strength in his eyes. He stared at her, through her, and Jera knew that even half dead as he was he could end her right then and there. Great plumes of white billowed before his face and sprayed her with its mist. His interest waned and he turned back to his bedding and slept.
It took Jera a moment to gather herself before she got up and walked across the street, careful of where her feet touched the craggy dimples in the muddy street.

Chapter Sixteen
High above her, yellow and dark as aged parchment, the clocktower’s face glowed, facing the moon like it were its reflection. The building was black, but yet somehow still visible in the night, as if it were darker even than the shadows.
Jera crossed the street in the direction of the tower. A single shop was housed on the ground floor, candlelight glow from within. A sign said, ‘Clock Maker’ in unpretentious writing. She knocked on the door.
“Hello?” she said. “If there’s anyone in there, please let me in.”
There was no answer, but she knocked again.
“I can see the light. I know you’re there. Please open the door.”
Again, there was no reply.
She banged on the door with the fleshy part of her fist.
“If anyone’s there, please let me in!” she said.
“Who is it?” a voice muffled by the door said.
“Let me in!”
“Who are you?”
“Just let me in! Please!”
The door opened a crack and a man looked her up and down.
“What’s the matter?” he said. “You in trouble or something?”
“Please, just let me in.”
“Now’s not a good time.”
“I have money,” Jera said, reaching into her pocket and extracting coins that fell between her fingers and spilled onto the ground.
The man’s eyes dropped to Jera’s hands.
“How about those rings?” he said.
Jera pulled them off and handed them to him.
“And the necklace,” he said.
Jera removed it, but didn’t hand it to him.
“Let me in first,” she said.
The man said nothing.
There was the sound of a horse galloping from somewhere down the street. Jera handed the necklace over. The man closed the door. It didn’t open. Jera banged on the door.
“Let me in!” she said. “You said you’d let me in!”
The man opened the door.
“I was going to!” he said. “Sheesh.”
Jera darted past him into the shop. The small amount of light emanated from a single candle on a worktable in the centre of the room.
“Thank you for letting me in,” Jera said.
The man shrugged.
“You paid the toll,” he said.
He tucked the rings and necklace into his pocket. The man was in his late twenties, with a long open face, blue eyes and a scraggy mop of hair on his head. He had a few days’ worth of stubble on his chin.
Jera looked around the room. Clocks hung from the walls but half of them had been taken down and put on the large worktables. Various pieces had been removed. From what she could tell, not a scrap of gold or silver remained.
“I’m sorry,” Jera said. “Did I interrupt you?”
“No,” he said. “I’m just about finished.”
He picked up a piece of silver from the table and tossed it into a bag that was heavy with swag.
“What’s your name?” Jera said.
“Bryan,” the man said. “Bryan Hill.”
“Pleased to meet you, Bryan,” Jera said, shaking his hand. “I’m Sara Withenhoe.”
“Withenhoe? I’m sure you weren’t bullied much at school.”
“Excuse me?”
“Oh, nothing. Wait. You’re not one of the super-famous incredibly rich Withenhoes, are you?”
Jera blinked.
“I didn’t know there were any,” she said.
“Man! I wish you were. I suppose you wish you were too, right?”
Bryan moved to the heavy bag, bent his knees and gripped it with both hands.
“Can you give me a hand with this?” he said.
Jera hesitated, then bent down and helped him drag it over to the door.
“That’s really heavy,” she said. “What’s in there?”
“Just a few odds and ends.”
Jera’s eyes drifted over the ransacked clocks.
“Listen,” Jera said. “I need to get out of here, out of Time, tonight. But with all the city gates closed-”
“The city gates are closed?”
“Yes. I heard they’re looking for someone.”
Bryan ran a hand through his hair.
“Did they say who?” he said.
“No.”
“Did they mention when they’ll be allowing people out?”
“Not until they find the person they’re looking for, they said.”
Bryan kicked the bulging bag, letting out a little scream in the process. He limped over to a chair, uncorked a bottle of whiskey, poured a small glass and pushed it toward Jera. He took a long pull direct from the bottle.
“Well, that’s just great,” he said. “I suppose the town is crawling with uniforms?”
Jera took a seat on one of the stools.
“Crawling,” she said.
“Then I’ve got bad news for you, Missy. We ain’t goin’ nowhere. Not till the morning, anyway. We’ll have to see where their defences are weak and make a break for it.”
“What’ll we do till then?”
“Wait for the sun to come up.”
Bryan took another swig of the whiskey. He looked Jera over.
“Why are you running away?” he said.
“That’s my business. Why do you want to escape tonight?”
Bryan pressed his lips together.
“I’d wager until recently that dress you’re wearing was brand new,” he said, “or near enough to make no difference, and now it’s torn and muddy and you want to escape the town.”
“Maybe I stole it.”
“With that accent? Please. Well, whoever you are, whatever you’ve done, at least there’s one piece of good news: no one knows we’re here.”
BANG BANG BANG BANG BANG!
The front door rocked against its hinges under strong blows. Bryan and Jera jumped to their feet.
“Open up!” a gruff voice said. “Now!”
Bryan crept toward the door. Jera whimpered and took a step back. Bryan made a ‘Be quiet’ gesture with his hands. The thudding continued on the door. Bryan tiptoed over to the window and peered around it to see the shoulder of a white uniform. Bryan ducked back down.
“Who is it?” Jera mouthed.
“Police,” he mouthed back.
“What are we going to do?”
“The only thing we can do: run.”

Chapter Seventeen
Richard drove Shadow Dancer hard. He was a good, strong horse with the kind of breeding other horses could only dream of, but even he struggled to keep up with the pace Richard demanded. They tore through the streets of Time, Richard standing in his stirrups, leaning forward, his cloak flowing out behind him.
Soldiers dived out of the way as Shadow Dancer bore down on them, never slowing. Richard pulled up outside the clocktower, throwing himself from the saddle and landing on his feet in the dust. Shadow Dancer panted, a thick white froth around the saddle and girth.
Half a dozen soldiers stood at the large front door of the clocktower, bashing at it with their shoulders. Another dozen men stood to one side, rubbing their injured arms.
Richard approached Captain Philmore. He had a bushy moustache, and his beltline was invisible beneath his stomach. He saluted when he saw Richard.
“Sir, we have reports of a young woman matching Jera Wythnos’s description entering this shop door ten minutes ago,” Captain Philmore said.
“Any luck breaking down the door?” Richard said.
“We’re almost through now, sir.”
“Is she alone?”
“At this point we’re uncertain but we believe there is a new employee at the clocktower, though no one seems to be able to give us a name. I’ll keep on it, sir.”
The image of a young man with a strong chin and a hat pulled down over his face came to Richard’s mind. He shook his head clear.
“Get the door open, Captain,” Richard said. “No harm must come to Lady Wythnos.”
“Yes, sir. And the employee?”
Richard thought for a moment.
“Let the chips fall where they will,” he said.
Richard looked up at the building, his eyes catching on a candlelit glow winding its way higher and higher up the tower.

Chapter Eighteen
They were both panting like old warhorses. The stairs curled around an eternal blind bend that headed ever higher. Each time they passed a window they looked out, and the ground was another twenty feet away.
“I don’t think these stairs ever end,” Sara said, leaning against a wall. “I have to stop.”
She massaged her legs. They ached and threatened to cramp. Somewhere far below a horse neighed and men shouted. Elian moved to the window and peered out. There was a sharp crack sound like muffled thunder, and a cheer went up. Men in white uniforms ran into the shop on the first floor.
“We’d best get moving,” Elian said. “They just breached the door.”
On stiff unsteady legs they continued on up the stairs. Just as Elian was beginning to think Sara was right, and these stairs didn’t have an end, he bumped into a door. It had appeared suddenly, out of nowhere. It was splintered and worn, and the paint hung off it like flakes of dead skin. Etched into it was a symbol: an upside-down tear shape. At the top was a wheel, a wide circle with knobbly square bumps around the edges. At the bottom was another circle, a small round cog, and looped over them both, connecting them, was a thick chain.
Boisterous men’s voices echoed up the stairs.
Elian pushed the door open and was assaulted by a cacophony of noise. Things clicked and grinded and ticked and tocked. Some things popped out and then were sucked back in again. Objects hissed and bumped and bubbled, gurgled and spat, chugged and chuffed.
Elian and Sara stepped into the giant cavernous room. Along the sides ran an intricate web of cogs and shafts and springs, all busy about their business, all working together in synchronisation. There were cogs beyond counting and other objects Elian had no name for. Many of the cogs were larger than a wagon wheel, some smaller than a copper bit, the springs thicker than a man’s arm and finer than a girl’s hair. Some of the pieces turned every second, others by the minute.
“At least we have plenty of places to hide,” Elian said.
There was the soft swishing of sound as something passed through the air.
“Look out!” Elian said.
He pulled Sara aside as a huge totem swung through the air, reached its zenith and then fell backwards, recommencing its swing. It was long and thin, with groove marks down the sides, and a big golden circle on the end. It whooshed as it passed lazily through the air.
“It’s a giant pendulum,” Elian said.
On the other side of the hall was a giant clock face, the arms casting malformed shadows across the floor. There was a thunking sound as the minute hand moved.
Against the back wall of the room was an unmade bed. The blankets were musty and lay hanging off it and on the floor. In the corner was a writing desk with a stack of papers and a dozen melted candles around it. A series of images had been painted in black paint on the wall behind it: a leaning tower, a large oblong building with two men fighting in the centre, a man with his hand tucked into the front of his jacket, a tall pyramid structure.
But Elian’s eyes were drawn to something in the centre of the left-hand wall. The pendulum swung, momentarily obliterating the object, which glimmered. Elian waited for the pendulum to swing aside, and then approached the object. It was made from a glittering golden material, except it wasn’t gold. It was a lighter colour, like tea strained through too much water, and the light didn’t bounce off it, but was somehow absorbed by it, and seemed to physically push the darkness back as if it were in a constant state of battle.
It was arranged in the same layout as the pattern on the door: an upside-down tear drop. On the bottom was the cog. It turned, forcing a chain around, and the wheel on the bottom turned too. As the objects turned, they caused the entire wall of objects to turn with them, as if they were the centre of this whole machine. And most strange of all, Elian noticed these were the only objects to make no sound.
But the golden objects were a little beaten-up and the worse for wear. The wheel and cog teeth were rough and barely fit with the other regular cogs around them, and there were cracks in their surfaces, hair thin, but visible. Elian reached out to touch the cog with his fingertips.
“Bryan, don’t,” Sara said. “I don’t think we should touch it.”
But he couldn’t help himself. He touched it, and the wheel jittered and shook, and for a moment didn’t turn, and then suddenly spun forward, and a sound like rushing water filled Elian’s ears and crashed against some unseen barrier.
Elian looked up and saw a pair of emerald green eyes glaring back at him. He started back, and something jabbed into his back.
“Ow! Watch it!” a voice said.
When Elian turned around he found it was Sara. They were somewhere dark and strange, full of ticking tocking metallic noises. A dozen pieces shifted all around him. The eyes were visible through a gap in the machinery. The pieces moved, and the eyes were covered, and instead a mouth was visible. It smiled.
“Well, well, well,” the mouth said in an unfriendly tone. “There you are.”
Elian heard the rush of water again, and-
He was back in the clocktower, his fingers millimetres from the glowing object’s surface. Where he’d touched there was a new hairline crack. Elian felt sick to his stomach.
Sara bent forward and put her hands on her knees and sucked air in through her teeth.
“My God,” she said. “It happened again, didn’t it? Time sort of shifted, right?”
Elian eyed her.
“You’ve experienced this before?” he said.
“Yes. Earlier today at about… I don’t know, five o’clock or so.”
Elian paled.
“You felt it too, didn’t you?” Sara said.
“Yes,” Elian said, his voice a whisper. “I thought I was the only one. I thought it was just déjà vu or something.”
“Do you know what this means?” Sara said.
“That this is affecting everyone?”
“No,” she said. “That we’re in the most dangerous place to be right now.”
Firelight from the stairwell made the shadows in the room shiver, and the heavy gasps of overweight men echoing in the narrow space made it sound like a beast was coming up the stairs.
“In more ways than one,” Elian said. “Come on, we have to hide.”

Chapter Nineteen
The constables, sweaty and out of breath, staggered into the room. They braced themselves on the wall and got their breath back. They peered around at the cavernous room in wonder. They shared awed expressions and walked tentatively across it. They peered under the bed and writing desk.
“They’re not here,” one of the constables said in a whisper.
Another constable nodded, clearly spooked.
“Let’s get out of here,” he said.
They moved back toward the door, but before they got to it the bearded sergeant with flushed cheeks and the deputy high commander, who didn’t look like he’d even broken a sweat, entered.
“Who usually resides here?” Richard said.
“Resides here, sir?” Captain Philmore said.
“The bed at the end. It is unmade, and candles have been recently used. Where is the man who usually resides here?”
Captain Philmore turned to one of the overweight constables.
“You there,” he said. “You’re a Time local constable. Who lives here?”
“Oh,” the man said. “That’ll be Grandfather Time, sir.”
“Grandfather what?” Philmore said.
“Time, sir. He’s been in charge of this tower for as long as anyone can remember.”
“Then where is he?”
“I don’t know, sir. I’ll send men out to find him. He won’t be far.”
The Time sergeant moved to a constable and spoke briefly with him. The man took off with another two men.
Richard walked along the wall, watching with passive interest the various moving parts. Cogs turned and chains tugged.
“Seems a bit excessive to me,” Richard said, “all these cogs and pieces and pendulums. They ought to modernise it.”
“There has been talk of modernising, sir,” Captain Philmore said, “but it just never came to be.”
Richard strolled over to the golden object built into the wall.
“Much too excessive,” he said.
A short constable came up the stairs. He had two chevrons on his shoulder. He saluted Richard and Philmore.
“Sir, there is no sign of the girl or the employee on the shop floor,” he said.
“You must be thorough, Sergeant,” Captain Philmore said.
“Yes, sir,” the short sergeant said. “We searched everywhere.”
“Everywhere?” Richard said, stepping forward. “Look around you, Sergeant. There are a million places they could be hiding. You will tear this place apart until we locate them.”
The Sergeant’s eyes darted left to right.
“But sir…” he said.
Captain Philmore held up a hand, silencing the sergeant. He stepped up close to Richard.
“My lord,” he said, “as far as I understand it, this clock is more than just a machine to these people. It has guided them their entire lives, always there, like a shadow. To tear it down would be akin to telling your men in the Capital to tear down the Saviour cathedral.”
Richard thought for a moment.
“Thank you for that wonderful history lesson, Captain,” he said, “but the Saviour is a monument to our Lord. This building is a clock. Every man in here carries one on his person. It is nothing special. Tear it apart.”
The captain nodded, and then turned to his men.
“Do it,” he said.
The constables exchanged more than a few worried expressions before unshouldering their armour and heading for the other end of the room. The men overturned the bed and writing desk. They snapped off the legs. They moved to the wall of cogs and wheels and raised their weapons.
Just then, the cogs shifted once again, and a face appeared where there wasn’t one a moment earlier. Richard blinked. Elian had a confused expression on his face, stepping back, and a voice said, “Ow! Be careful!”
“Wait,” Richard said to the others, who lowered their weapons.
Richard turned back to Elian. The cogs shifted and repositioned once again. A cruel smile twisted Richard’s features.
“Well, well, well,” he said. “There you are.”
The pieces moved again and Elian’s face was visible.
“If it isn’t Elian Stump!” Richard said. “What’re you supposed to be? A cuckoo?”
“It’s a small world,” Elian said.
Richard peered in at Elian’s enclosed space.
“Yours certainly is,” he said.
“Room for one more, if you’d care to join us.”
“Thank you, but I must decline.”
Richard’s eyes shifted to Jera.
“Jera, dearest,” he said. “I’ll have you out of there in a moment. I just need to deal with this scoundrel.”
“Jera?” Elian said. “I thought your name was Sara?”
“And I thought your name was Bryan?”
Elian shrugged.
“I guess we all have our secrets,” he said. “Wait, so they’re after you?” Elian turned to Richard. “Why didn’t you say so? I’ll hand her over to you, no harm, no foul.”
“Hey!” Jera said.
“All I ask is you let me go free,” Elian said.
“If you return the item you stole from us we might be able to come to an agreement,” Richard said.
“I’m afraid I don’t have it on me, though I can tell you its location if you let me go.”
“And see you riding off into the sunset? I don’t think so. But do yourself a favour now. It’s the end of the line for you. Let Jera go and we will be lenient.”
“Lenient with the point of a sword.”
“Quicker than you deserve, anyway.”
“Thank you, but no,” Elian said. “I’m quite comfortable here.”
“Very well,” Richard said.
He nodded to the constables, who picked up their weapons and took up their attacking stances once again.
“Tear it down,” Richard said.
The constables swung their weapons and struck the machinery. They pulled their weapons back to strike again. The second hand of the giant clock thunked into place.
“No!” a voice shouted. “What are you doing?”
A man in rags ran into the room.
“You mustn’t touch it!” he said. “You mustn’t! Have you gone mad?”
“You must be Grandfather Time,” Richard said, looking the figure over.
Grandfather Time hobbled into the room with fire in his eyes.
“You have no idea what you’re doing!” he said.
“Fugitives are hiding in the clocktower. We are freeing them. The state will rebuild the clock after we have apprehended them.”
The old man stepped up close to Richard, so close he could smell his rotting teeth.
“This is no mere clock,” he said. “It’s the centre of life, of everything! There’s no rebuilding it, you fool!”
Captain Philmore stepped forward, his hand clenched into a tight fist.
“That’s the deputy high commissioner you’re addressing,” he said. “Show some respect.”
Richard held up a hand to Philmore.
“It’s all right,” he said. “My captain here informed me of the clock’s importance, but I am unswayed.”
Richard turned to his men.
“Destroy it,” he said.
The men hesitated, eyeing the old man with apprehension.
“I said destroy it!” Richard said.
They took up their weapons and swung without aggression, their weapons bouncing ineffectively off the wall of machinery.
“Harder!” Richard said. “Harder!”
But the men couldn’t do it. Richard seized a bedpost from a constable.
“Give that to me!” he said.
He swung at the wall. It connected with the golden cog. Once, twice, three times.
“No!” Grandfather Time shouted, but it was too late.
Wire-thin cracks caked the golden cog like a spider web. It shivered and shook, the cog juddering forward and then back again, and then it spun forward like a bicycle wheel without brakes, and then jolted to a stop.
The cold wind bit at Richard’s bare skin. It whistled and moaned, whipping past him, a wave of white flecks in its wake, stinging his face and eyes. The cold bit deep into his flesh like hard steel knives.
Richard pulled his cloak tight around himself. He was somewhere high on a bluff of hill, the mud slurping at his heels. He was dirty, and his muscles ached, and he was tired to his bones. He turned, looking around, and found Captain Philmore holding Shadow Dancer by the reins. The wind died down and the bough of a giant tree leaned back, revealing a small wooden cabin in the midst of a forest, sheltered by a grove of tall trees. The wind ruffled the fur of his coat. The tree bent over and hit the wooden cabin, blotting it from view, and-
He was back in the room. He finished his step forward, almost lost his footing, and dropped the bedpost he held in his hands. It clattered and rolled across the floor. He gazed around at the other men. They were looking at him with concerned expressions. The short Time sergeant approached him.
“Are you all right, sir?” he said.
“Yes,” Richard said. “I’m… I’m fine. Tell me, did you just-?”
The sergeant blinked, and in that instant his expression changed from concern to pure terror, and he blinked, looked about the room, and staggered back, lost his footing, and fell hard on the floor. He pushed himself backward, his eyes on Richard.
“You’re mad!” he said. “You’ll never get away with it! Never!”
He got to his feet and ran from the room. Richard turned and looked at the machine. Elian and Jera were gone.
“What’s going on here?” Richard said.
“I told you,” Grandfather Time said, hobbling up to Richard. “The clock is the centre of all things, but you wouldn’t listen.”
“Where did they go?” Richard said. “One minute they were here, and then the next… Where did they go?”
“The question is not where they went, but when.”
Richard gripped the old man’s collar and lifted him up off the floor.
“You’re not making any sense, old man!” he said. “Where did they go?”
“I’m making perfect sense,” Grandfather Time said. “You’re just not listening.”
The old man gripped Richard’s hands, his spindly arms gripping tight. Richard’s expression of anger gave way to pain. The old man was strong – so very strong!
Seeing Richard was in trouble, the constables restrained the old man. There were two men on him, and he was still struggling. Another two joined the first and together they managed to subdue him. They forced the old man down onto a seat, the four men wiping the sweat from their eyes. Richard straightened his uniform.
“You’re going to tell me precisely what’s going on here,” he said.
The old man gritted his jaws together and spat out a tooth.
“That was my one good tooth,” he said.
A knobbled object like a key without a handle hung from a piece of frayed string around the old man’s neck. Richard held it.
“What’s this?” he said.
“It’s a key.”
“A key to what?”
Grandfather Time smiled.
“To my future,” he said.
There was an odd whirring noise like a rattling carriage wheel that hadn’t been fastened on properly. Richard stepped forward, bending his ear toward the old man. The sound appeared to be coming from behind the old man’s eye patch. Richard pulled it off.
He started back, bumping into the other constables.
The eye was metal, coiled up in a series of metal tubes that could bend and flex in every direction. In the centre was a glass lens with something black and a halo of blue around the edge, which constantly dilated and expanded.
“Demon!” Richard said.
“I see my secret’s out,” Grandfather Time said.
He grabbed his plain brown robe and tore it off his body. His body was smooth and hard and metal, and each circle column could slide and slot into one another to give him complete freedom of movement. Only his chest and forearms below the elbow on his right arm were a pink fleshy colour.
One constable fainted. Another retched.
His legs were two folded lengths of metal with a hydraulic piston in the middle. He rose to his full height – over two metres high, even a few inches taller than Richard himself.
“You might call this sorcery in your world,” Grandfather Time said, “but in my world we call this technology.”
“Sorcery!” Richard said.
The old man cackled.
“See?” he said. “It is science.”
“This is no science I have ever seen,” Richard said.
“That is because it is not today’s science. It is the science several hundred years from now.”
“No man could have made this. Only the devil himself could have forged it and melded it to your body.”
“Alas, no. The man who made me this way was called Doctor Hinklestein. A genius with a scalpel, but certainly no demon.”
Richard turned to his men.
“Train your weapons, men!” he said. “We must slay this vile creature!”
Richard reached for his pistol at his side. The old man dashed forward and caught the pistol in one hand. He gripped it in one metal claw and cut the gun in half. The constables drew their swords. Grandfather Time turned to face them.
“Do you really want to be doing that?” he said.
The constables looked at one another and sheathed their swords.
“Good lads.”
“Answer my questions, demon,” Richard said.
“Okay, but only because you asked so nicely.”
“Where did they go? Stump and Jera?”
“Into the future somewhere, I’d wager. A few hours from now, a month, a year, perhaps seventy years, if she lives that long, and if the tower lasts that long. To somewhere just like you went to.”
Richard paled.
“That wasn’t the future,” he said. “That was a vision, that’s all.”
“But you know it wasn’t a vision, don’t you? You might have felt the heat, if there was any, or the cold, felt the wind or sun on your face. It was too real to have been a vision, wasn’t it?”
“Then where is she, if she did go to the future? Why hasn’t she returned?”
“I don’t know. Maybe because they were inside the machine? Maybe the universes have a plan for them? I don’t pretend to understand all the intricacies of time and space.
“This clocktower is the centre of things, of all things. It is not merely a clock. It is a needle driven through every dimension of space and time of every known universe. It holds us together, one on top of the other. A blink of an eye here is a thousand years on some planes. But it fits. The clocktower keeps the time, and if it breaks, everything falls apart. The fabric of time and space will slither off the needle, never to be seen again, and all will be at an end.”
“The clocktower is a tourist attraction,” Richard said, “nothing more.”
“It is cleverly designed to look like a tourist attraction. Intriguing, ay?” The old man cackled and hacked. “Dressed up, just enough for people to question its real purpose here.”
“If what you say is true, why does no one know about it?”
“They do. But only a chosen few.”
“If it is all such a secret, why are you telling me now?”
“Because if you have done what I think you have, this could be the end of all things. The end of life, the end of death, the end of everything. Including nothing.”
Richard looked at the cracks in the golden clock pieces. They were grinding now, struggling to even move.
“That’s it? And there’s no way of stopping it?”
“Oh, there’s a way, of course.”
“How? How do we fix it?”
“You can’t fix it. The universe appears to have chosen others to do that.”
The old man smiled and turned to look at something over his left shoulder.
“Oh dear,” he said. “We appear to have run out of that most valuable of currencies: time. Good bye, sir. Good luck in your endeavours. And please try not to get in the way too much.”
“Why? What are you-?”
The golden cog rattled and spun forward. And in the blink of an eye the old man was gone. After a moment, Captain Philmore approached Richard.
“Sir, what do you wish to do?” he said.
Richard thought for a moment, shaken to his very core.
“Assemble the men,” he said. “We must find Miss Jera Wythnos.”
“And Elian Stump and Grandfather Time, sir?”
Richard paused.
“Kill them,” he said.
As the constables filed out of the largest clock in the world, Richard stared at the golden objects and thought deep thoughts.

Epilogue
A cold wind blew off the peak of the mountains and drifted down, slow and winding toward the flat expanse below. The brisk air threatened to strip the grass of its colour. A herd of deer frolicked across the field and hopped over the ditch at the end in easy stride. The trees waved side to side, yet the boughs and leaves made no sound.
A V-formation of pigeese honked and passed overhead with just a few powerful beats of their wings. Jera’s head pounded, feeling like someone was trying to knock her awake. She sat up and put a hand to her head. She felt the rough texture of dried dirt on her face and her skirt was torn and frayed around the edges. Her backside ached like she’d ridden a horse hard for miles. She tipped to one side, her arm catching herself before she landed head first in the mud. Her arm shook and she could barely stay upright. Her hand rested on something hard and lumpy. When she looked over at what it was, she started.
It was a leg. She took her hand off, but it was too late. The man awoke, lying on his front. He began to stir, and pushed himself up onto his hands and knees. He peered around at their surroundings, a broad expanse on the edge of a forest, and then closed his eyes and opened them again. He looked up and saw Jera.
“Where are-?” he began.
He shut his eyes and tried again.
“Where are we?” he said.
“I was hoping you could tell me.”
“We were in the clocktower… and then… and then…”
“And then we were here. Have you kidnapped me?”
“Don’t be stupid. I wanted to hand you over. And why didn’t you tell me who you really were?”
“Probably for the same reason you didn’t tell me.”
There was a snorting sound, and heavy footsteps behind them.
As one, Elian and Jera looked up. Steam hissed from his wide flaring nostrils. His hooves were chipped and rough. Blood, thick and dark from where it had dried in the sun, turned purple in the heat. His dense chest hair was matted and swirly with sweat. The hair that fell past his shoulders was tangled and knotted. He glared down at them with fierce jaundiced eyes. He threw back his great mane of dark hair the colour of rich soil and canted around them.
Jera and Elian shared a look. Jera’s eyes rolled back in her head and she fainted.
“Don’t mind her,” Elian said, “she’s just sensitive.”
The centaur unsheathed his great broadsword and aimed it at Elian. It was stained with recent blood. Flies buzzed around it.
Elian felt the blood rush from his head.
“I’m sorry,” he said. “I think I need to put my head down for a moment…”
His head flopped into the mud.

WANT TO KNOW WHAT HAPPENS NEXT?

Skip has only just begun.
Want to find out where Elian and Jera skipped to? Want to find out if they manage to collect all three clock pieces and save the world?
Buy the whole season and save 50% compared to buying all seven individual episodes! You can buy from any of the following stores:
US, UK, Canada or Australia.
Alternatively, you can buy the next episode here.

BE KIND, REVIEW

Reviews mean an awful lot on the internet. But often, readers don’t leave them. If you enjoyed Skip, please make one author very happy and leave a review HERE. It doesn’t need to be long – a single sentence is fine, but it would mean the world to me if you did.

OTHER BOOKS BY BRIAR



Would you do anything to protect your inheritance?

When modern-day Scrooge Hetty Loveridge saw the opportunity to exploit an inheritance tax loophole for her children, she took it.
She need only live seven more years.
One week shy, she keels over, dead.
Peter and Kate get more than they bargained for as they attempt to fool the tax-man into believing their mother is still alive.
At the heart of this fast-paced and hilarious tale is a story about family, redemption, and hidden secrets.

Start reading FREE when you join my mailing list.
Alternatively, buy from any of the following Amazon stores:
US, UK, Canada, Australia.

OTHER BOOKS BY BRIAR



Blood Never Forgets

Haven’s crew found Jordan Grant half-dead floating at sea. With a six-year hole in his memory, he remembers nothing of the Incident or the Lurchers who have claimed the land as their own. He joins the crew in their daily struggle to survive in a harsh new world where every meal is live or die.
But when a shipwreck forces them from the safety of the sea, the crew soon discover their pursuers aren’t the only monsters out to get them. As Jordan confronts the horror of his past he unlocks a secret that threatens to destroy not only him but the future of the entire human race.

Start reading FREE when you join my mailing list.
Alternatively, buy from any of the following Amazon stores:
US, UK, Canada, Australia.

OTHER BOOKS BY BRIAR



The first novella in a new zombie trilogy.

Once bitten, the virus spreads throughout the human body. It shuts down organs, kills nerve impulses and even reprograms the way we think. The virus becomes us.
But the process takes eight hours.
If you only had eight hours left to live, what would you do?
For Chris Smith, that decision has already been made. He’s infected, and returns home to find the rest of his family undead or missing, save his youngest daughter Maisie. He’s never been much of a father, but can he make up for it now in the final few hours of his life and find somewhere safe for her to survive?
Z-MINUS. Let the countdown begin.

Start reading FREE when you join my mailing list.
Alternatively, buy from any of the following Amazon stores:
US, UK, Canada, Australia.

OTHER BOOKS BY BRIAR



They beat him.
They broke him.
They stabbed him.
They murdered him.
Would you forgive them? Or would you get Square?

Tony Green was recently released having served a four-year prison sentence for murder. With the support of a loving fiancée he attempts to prevent the next generation from following in his own footsteps. Although Tony may be paying back his debt to society, he is about to discover other debts are not so easily repaid.

Start reading FREE when you join my mailing list.
Alternatively, buy from any of the following Amazon stores:
US, UK, Canada, Australia.

OTHER BOOKS BY BRIAR



A shipwreck; a deserted island; a horde of zombies; a single family fighting to survive.

After a tropical storm, the Robinson family discovers a mysterious boat shipwrecked on their shore. An attempt to scavenge the wreckage awakens something dark and extremely dangerous. With the full weight of the undead descending down upon them, can the family prepare a strong enough defence? Or will they become the latest victims of a virus-ridden world?

The classic tale, inspired by Robinson Crusoe, written by Johann David Wyss, adapted by Perrin Briar, is an adrenalin-pumping adventure of zombie survival. If your family was trapped on an island, what would you do?

Part of the Blood Memory universe.

Start reading FREE when you join my mailing list.
Alternatively, buy from any of the following Amazon stores:
US, UK, Canada, Australia.

WAS IT GOOD FOR YOU?

Sign up to Perrin's newsletter and get 4 free stories, news of forthcoming new novels, competitions, special prices, advanced novel previews and access to the serial story Skip!

ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Perrin Briar is an English author and teacher, known for his popular Blood Memory series and black comedy Keeping Mum. Before writing he worked as a TV researcher, teacher, stock counter and chocolate factory worker.
You can email him at perrin@perrinbriar.com or tweet at @perrinbriar. He loves corresponding with fans, so don’t hesitate to contact him if you have a question!

Copyright © 2014 Perrin Briar

This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places and incidents either are products of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, events, or locales is entirely coincidental.

All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.

Published by Briar Patch Publishing.

Want to know more about Perrin Briar’s books?
Visit www.perrinbriar.com and get two books free for joining.

