The Erath Chronicles:
The Battle for Ardath


By Kimberly Wilke

Copyright © 2014 by Kimberly Wilke
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other noncommercial uses permitted by copyright law.


This is a work of fiction. Names, characters, businesses, places, events and incidents are either the products of the author’s imagination or used in a fictitious manner. Any resemblance to actual persons, living or dead, or actual events is purely coincidental.




Table of Contents
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30


Chapter 1
A jagged rock slit the bottom of his foot nearly in two from arch to toe.  It was not his first bladed rock, nor would it be the last.  He still had miles to go, or at least he assumed he had miles still to go.  In truth, he had no clue how long this already arduous journey was going to take.  He was alone.  His constant and only companion was the whistling of his nose which had been broken more times than he could remember and was now beyond repair as far as he could tell.  It made no difference.  He would rather smell nothing than smell the constant sulfuric fumes that spewed from the bladed crags along his path.  He was beyond wishing there was another path to take.  It was hopeless now.  He knew he would die trying to reach the core or the end or whatever.  No one would find his body, and he was too far in to turn back.  He trudged on because it was the only thing he could do.  His lips were parched to the point of bleeding down his chin which only happened when he opened his mouth to breathe a little better.  His eyes were nearly swollen shut.  He was blind in his left eye thanks to tripping early on with no water to flush out the wound.  A thick crust had already formed sealing the eye shut.  He picked it off once only to find the tender skin underneath was inflamed and itched like hell.  He left it alone to scab over once more.  
He was beginning to not care what the outcome would be, but he continued anyway.  There was still a war somewhere out there being lost by his friends and family.  Millions had lost their lives already.  For close to two hundred years they battled.  Six generations had waged war against the immortals who had recently taken his wife and eldest son.  His youngest was still safe as far as he knew, but he was not sure this knowledge was still accurate.  Things changed everyday.  Entire towns fell as the immortals came though.  No one stood a chance unless they evacuated as many as they could before the carnage began.  It was what he and his men had been born to do.  It was the only way the humans could survive.  So many days had already passed.  There was no way to be sure what he knew or if he even knew anything at all.  There was so much uncertainty anymore.  It was a gamble to leave his child, but what else could he do?   
Torren would have found out days ago that he had left.  It was a cowards way to leave him while he slept, but he was twelve now.  It was time he let go and became a man on his own just as he himself had done at his age.  Times were different then.  Even at twelve his son had already seen more carnage than he had when he was twenty, and he had been a full fledged army captain at twenty.  Torren would have to do just fine or die in the process.  Truth be told, it killed him to think about it.  He left him in the middle of the night because somehow the boy reminded him of his beloved, and he knew he would not have been able to leave him if Torren had asked him to stay.  He simply could not have done it, but a burning thought plagued him even through his present torture.  He wondered if Torren would have insisted he leave.  He was a smart boy.  Surely he knew the severity of his decision.  It had not been made lightly.  Maybe he would understand.
It had been a grand idea at the time to come to the barren Wastes to find the key to the immortal’s undoing.  It had been said the Wastes held the greatest power in all the lands.  It was a trial of extremes to find and conquer it, what ever it was.  There was no man alive who would have been more equipped to handle the extremes than he himself, but he was dying.  He felt it in his gut.  He had never felt this dire in all his days.  He had seen men perish before him liquefied, charred, incinerated, but never once had he asked what it was like to perish.  It was morbid to be so disrespectful to the dying.  He let them die in as much peace he could afford.  It was civilized to give last comforts.  He tried to place this from his mind that he would have no comforts.  He was dying miserably and alone.  He had to move on.
His foot bled onto the rocks making them slippery.  He had only just realized he had been standing in one place for some time now.  How long had it been?  The sun never set in this infernal place.  It was ever only overcast and hot with rough jagged blades of rocks for miles and miles.  Fumes scalded his skin at sporadic intervals without warning.  He would trudge upwards for days on end just to trudge back down the next.  He had to keep going.  There was nothing else he could to do.  If he sat stationary for too long he knew he would not get going again.  He trudged on, despite it all.
He lifted his foot only to catch it on a protruding edge of another jagged blade.  A sharp pain radiated through his body.  He had not felt anything so excruciating in all his years.  His body involuntarily convulsed as he pulled his foot back only to reveal his toe had stayed behind, and it was not a clean cut.  No, that would have been easy.  The tendons and nerves were frayed and hung like string from the end of the lost digit.  He cringed to think what the rest of his foot looked like.  He placed his foot down as gently as he could trying to bare weight on it.  It felt like a cart was rolling over his foot while he stood on blazing coals.  He lunged forward trying to shift his weight onto the other foot.  Loosing his balance, he fell and slid all the way to the bottom of the crater from whence he had just climbed.
He laid at the bottom fully aware he had lost other parts of himself along the way.  There was a strange warmth moistening his face.  He lifted his right hand to wipe away the sweat and blood only to find a warm stump where his hand had been.  Funny, he thought it would have hurt more considering the searing pain still throbbing through his foot.  He tried his left hand.  It was still intact though missing the smallest digit.  He rolled over cautiously pushing himself with his better hand to a near standing position.  He left two more fingers on the ground as he rose.  His knees gave out.  He fell to the ground face first.  He was going to have to crawl.
He put his stub forward and pulled.  What little he had left in the way of clothes began to rip.  His flesh dug into the bladed rocks.  He was going to see how far he could go before blood loss overwhelmed him.  It was his last effort, his last stand.  He was not going to go down without a fight.  He pushed and pulled his way up over the rim of the crater only to view another day’s journey before him in all directions.  He cried tears unlike any he had ever cried before.  He cried for the pain and for his failures.  He cried for his sons and wife.  He cried because there was nothing else he could do.  His tears were all he had left.  He had nothing left to give but his fluids, so he gave them freely.
“Dorthan, son of Erath, why do you suffer so?” asked a gentle voice from above him.  
He looked but could see nothing.  His good eye was now clouded with tears and dirt, the other still caked with disease.  The voice he heard was neither male nor female but beautiful, calm.
“I suffer for my people,” he choked spitting blood to the ground before him.  “I seek a mighty weapon to slay my immortal enemies, to avenge the deaths of the millions who have died unmercifully at their hands.  I seek vengeance on those who murdered my father, my mother, my brothers, my wife and my child.”
He could only feel the presence move around him, judging him then it spoke once more, “And what price are you willing to pay for such a weapon?”
“I have lost every thing I hold dear.  I have nothing to give but myself.  Take this, the very last of me, and free my people from their torment.”
A cool breeze lifted him.  His pain was heightened momentarily before he felt nothing at all.  Everything became quiet as he tried to open his eyes.  A great white cloud had engulfed him.  He became dizzy as a swirling tumbling sensation overtook his senses.  Then a sense of falling slowly overrode his mind, but he was not frightened.  His broken and battered body felt free of everything.  No more pain.  He wept uncontrollably as a sense of deep belonging swept over him.  He wanted to live in this place forever never leaving its comforts.  His thirst was quenched without drink, his body healed without ointment.  He loved this place though could not reason why. It overpowered his senses and he found himself weeping.  The warmth of joy spread throughout his body like hard liquor.
“You shall have what is yours to take,” said the voice. “The power you seek is at hand.”
“Thank you.” 
“But you may not wield it.”
“Then how will I defeat my enemies?”
“You must seek the one who can understand it.  Together you will be a force no immortal will be able to destroy.” 
“Tell me, how I can find him?”
“When you wake, the first person you set your eyes on will be the one you seek, but know this, you will only remember these words I speak as a dream.  Its distant memory will be the only recollection you have of me and this place.”
“Then why are you telling me this?  What if I fail?”
“Follow your heart, Dorthan.  It has led you to me, and it will lead you to your destiny.”
“Who are you?”
The voice departed and the rush of cool subsided.  He felt his body slowly drift gently down.  A pressure in his skull made his ears pop.  His eyes bulged and his head swam.  Dizziness overtook him as he struggled to find balance.  His breath caught in is chest, and he could not breathe.  His whole body was tight.  He shook violently then went limp. His only comfort now was sleep.
He felt himself relax on a soft patch of warm lush grass.  His senses returned and the smell of fresh spring filled his nose.  He was at peace.  A fading dream, however, was hanging at the edge of his mind.  He could only vaguely remember the gist of the story, but he knew it was important.  He could at least remember that, but for now he just wanted to relax.  He wanted to sleep.  He wanted to drink in all the warmth that was surrounding him at the moment.  Nothing else mattered.


Chapter 2
It was a pleasant afternoon.  The mesquites were full bloom and the birds sang.  A cool breeze tempered the sweltering heat of the past few days.  It was easy to breath in the fresh clean air.  There was no dust to choke down and no stiff wind to combat.  Marta resented it to no end.  She was hunting, and hunting always put her in this sort of mood.  No matter how pleasant the afternoon, she always felt bad about killing animals.  It was after all a man’s job, or so the men had said, and there were far too many men in Wildspot who believed a woman’s place was at home.
She had a home.  It was tiny.  Hidden deep in the grasslands in a thicket of wild salt cedars it sat lopsided and falling down.  There was little in it, a small chair next to a table which stood unused near a small hearth that smoked and a soft bed that was somehow always cool in the summers and warm in the winters.  She was alone in it.  She had no one any more.  Her father died ten years prior leaving her to fend for herself.  Fortunately, there were enough people in Wildspot to take care of her if the need ever arose.  They were the nice sort of people who would rally support for a person if they found themselves in real danger or despair no matter what, but on ordinary days, they had to be content with sitting around gossiping about one another.  She found herself the topic of many conversations which inevitably made her smile at the end of the day.  Good for her.  If it gave them some entertainment for an hour or two, so be it.  It made no difference to her.  Besides, their words seldom annoyed her and were rarely spoken unkindly.  She accepted that she was the unusual bird in the flock but still a part of the flock nonetheless.
This particular afternoon she found herself sulking back to Wildspot with far fewer jackrabbits than she had hoped for and even fewer arrows than she had originally set out with. This soured her mood even further.  Jacks were hard enough to shoot but loosing arrows with out recovery was vexing.  She was an excellent shot, despite her limitations.  Not that being a female was a limitation, but being born blind certainly was.
Fortunately, fate intervened and gave her a rare gift.  She could see no colors, no shapes or patterns, but could see the life essence of anything living.  Humans and animals glowed a soft color her father had once called red.  The grass was what he called green except in the winter time when all went dormant, and the earth was brown but only when it was freshly tilled, otherwise it was black and lifeless.  She could only see the earth at the planting and at harvest when everything was being turned or being picked, and in the spring, all the colors were bright and vibrant full of life renewed. 
Her gift was a godsend.  The animals stood out in the nothingness like a supposed  candle in the night.  She could see the things no other person could, and with her abilities, she had become the best shot in Wildspot.  Most of the townspeople did not understand this secret and believed she could see just well enough to get by.  If they really knew, she would no doubt be drowned as a witch.  It was unnatural, and there was no explanation for it.
She had once made the mistake of telling a friend of her abilities who immediately began keeping her at a distance.  They were young, and she had been foolish.  She desperately wanted to be friends with the girl, what’s-her-name.  Fortunately, the girl moved away just weeks after she told her.  She would never forget the look of alarm on her face.  It broke her heart and made her truly afraid for the first time in her entire life.  She vowed to never try to explain herself to anyone ever again.  She had gotten enough cautious glances and unfeeling sympathies pertaining to her half-sight that she realized it was best to keep it a secret.  She was already believed to be a witch by some, for what ever reason, and being twenty-seven and unmarried, she was also considered to be a spinster.
And after the reaction from that girl, she realized she should never ever tell of her second ability.  It was not so much an ability but more of an affliction.  She knew better than to tell anyone that she heard voices in her head, or at least one voice.  It had named itself Shethra, and as often as it had gotten her into trouble, she too had gotten her back out of it again.  It was Shethra who had warned her not to tell any one of her abilities.  She had cautioned Marta of the vileness of some of the townsmen and their thoughts towards her.  She had told her more than once when a man was eyeing her in the market, his thoughts of unsavory intent.  How she had known the thoughts of men Marta could not comprehend, yet their eyes had always given it away even if Shethra had not told her.  She wanted to wash her hands of the whole lot.  There seemed to be so little genuine goodness in the hearts of men anymore.
Her temperament soured even more just thinking about them.  A whisper to her left stopped her in her tracks.  It was Shethra.  She was trying to lead her somewhere.  It became all too apparent what she was supposed to be looking at.
A figure lay silently in the grass.  The color of him took Marta’s breath away.  She had never seen such a color in all her days.  In the darkness of her sight, he glowed brilliantly, brighter than any other life essence she had ever encountered.
He is immortal.
Marta’s hands went icy and she began to shake all over.  What was Shethra playing at?  She had to fight the urge to run.  Immortals were more dangerous than any animal she had ever come across.  Many people believed them to be even more callous and deadly than dragons.  She gripped her bow affixing an arrow to its string keeping it ready.  A precaution done in vain, she knew.  Immortals were impervious to any weapon created by humans.
Go to him.
“Are you crazy?” she asked under her breath instinctively looking around to see if anyone was watching her talk to herself.
She gritted her teeth knowing Shethra would have her way.  She always knew what was best.  Slowly she crept towards the man, her nerves fraying with every step.
He was lifeless as the grave.  Strange.  She wondered what injury an immortal could have suffered and more importantly what had caused it.  She looked around for any obvious sign of struggle or any color of blood.  There was nothing to suggest he even walked there.  There were no tracks.  He had not been dragged.  The grass was still green as anything, not faded as trampled grass generally was.
She stood and watched him.  He seemed to not be breathing.  A smile played across his lips and a serene peace drifted across his face.  She smiled too though she could not understand for the life of her why.
Then he moaned.  Marta jumped and thoughtlessly ran to him.
“Good lord, are you all right?” she felt stupid asking.  Immortals were immortal after all.  What harm could ever befall them?
A sweet voice filled the air.  It was the kindest and most desperately worried voice he had ever heard.  He opened his eyes and jumped.  She stared back at him with the white eyes of blindness, but her blindness was unusual.  She stared right at him into his eyes.  Any other blind person would stare generally downwards or to the side with no regards to if their lids were even open.  She stared directly at him.  It made his blood turn cold.
“I am well, milady.  If you could tell me where we are.”
“You don’t know where you are?”  she asked surprised.
Her eyes fell to sadness and care.  His own heart sank.  She was obviously concerned for his well being.  He smiled.  She seemed nice.  His head was still a little fuzzy though.  He almost felt drunk but without the full belly.  He sat up and nearly had to lay back down.  The world spun and his stomach lurched.  He was beginning to wonder if he had possibly been poisoned.
He brought his knees closer to his chest and gripped them to steady himself.  The girl backed away holding a bow and arrow ready to fire.  Strange.  Why would a blind woman have any use for a bow and arrow?  Was it for protection?  It was his duty as a captain of the Erathian guard to protect her.  He could not see any threat though, but it could be she was frightened of him.  He was, after all, a rather large man.  It was apparent he had to make it known to her he was friendly and would not hurt her.  That was the last thing he wanted.  He was inexplicably drawn to her.  He needed her though he did not know why.
“I will not hurt you.  You have my word.  You may put the weapon down if you’d like.”
“I’d rather hang onto it,” she said coolly.
“It is strange you are out here so far without an escort.  Tell me, what are you doing out here?”
She gritted her teeth.  He thought she was helpless.  “I could ask you the same question.”
“I am just passing through.  I would like a room to stay the night, perhaps, if you could be so kind to oblige.”
“If it pleases you,” she said not sure what else to say.  It was a trick and she had fallen for it, but she could not just turn an immortal away.  She would have been incinerated on the spot for sure if she had not, but now she was stuck leading him to the destruction of her own home town.  Immortals were coldhearted and vile creatures who only cared about ridding the world of what they considered the human plague.
He gave her his arm and she helped him up.  She adjusted a quiver on her shoulder to better assist him standing up straight.  He was a big man.  If he fell on her, he would crush her easily.  He seemed steady though.  She let go and stood well to the side as he tested out his legs.  Her curiosity arose.  What could have possibly happened to him?  
She grabbed her string of large dead rabbits and tossed it over her shoulder.  He was surprised at her ability to shoot.  He mused that he would like to see how capable she was, her technique.   Perhaps she was not as blind as he thought.
She could see the quizzicalness in his eyes.  She was trying not to look at him, trying not to let on she was terrified.  He was an immortal, and she was helping him.  What else could she do?  He could no doubt disintegrate her with the blink of an eye.  She had no choice but to help him.
“Wildspot is just ahead,” she commented trying not to seem as panicked as she felt.  “I’m sure you can find a place to stay the night.”
“Much obliged, miss…”
“Marta,”
“Marta of Wildspot.  The last time I checked, Wildspot was nothing more than a troll bridge over a very dirty river.  We passed this way once a few years ago, my battalion and I.” 
Marta scoffed.  The river had run dry nearly seventy some odd years ago.  He was definitely immortal and apparently had no sense of real time.  “Well, much has changed since you were here last, my lord.  I hope you keep it as you find it today.”
There was a sternness in her voice but also fear.  Was she afraid of him?  Why?  A girl with a quick shot enough to tackle so many rabbits of no mean size was a formidable opponent if ever there was any.  He could no more run a few steps than he was sure she would bring him down.  He smiled.  
“You are modest.  And please do not call me lord.  My name is Dorthan.  I am of Erath.”
“Erath?” she asked, “The city of silver?”  She had heard of it but was surprised to hear it.  He was old.  That town was laid to ruin nearly two hundred years past, by immortals none the less, and he was from there.  Why had his people razed his home to the ground?  It was strange.  She had never thought an immortal would claim anywhere to be his own, but seeing as he was the first immortal she had ever met, she knew better than to question.
“The one and the same, but I am afraid the silver ran out generations ago.  It died out with the dwarves who used to mine it from the Irion Mountain.”
A rising fear arose in the pit of her stomach.  He had destroyed his own village one hundred years prior and no doubt had a hand in the destruction of the dwarves as well.  What was he going to do to Wildspot?  She had to think of something.  She had to protect what few friends she had.
He will not harm them.  Have faith.
It was easy for Shethra to say.  She had no real friends.  She was not real as far as Marta knew.  What was she playing at?
The road to Wildspot opened before them, a long and dry, winding and wide road.  The dirt crunched beneath their feet as they walked.  It had been months since the last rainfall.  The town was still a fair pace away.  She had at least a little time to think.  Her gut told her to leave it alone, yet her only friends were just a few miles ahead.  She had to protect them.
He will not harm them .
“But how do you know?” she whispered.
You will have faith in me in the end.
She shook her head.  A nagging guilt overrode her senses.  She hated doubting Shethra, but how could she trust this Dorthan guy if he truly was an immortal?  It was confusing and it went against every moral obligation she felt towards the people of Wildspot.  She could only trust that her voice of reason knew what she was talking about.  It was a big leap of faith, but surely Shethra would not lead her astray.
She escorted Dorthan into town.  It was market day and scores of people were bustling about minding their own business.  It was going to be a bloodbath if this Dorthan character showed his true colors.  She pulled further away from him stopping in the middle of the road.
“You’ll find Mather’s Inn just at the furthest edge of town.  If you have no money he will let you work for a night’s sleep.  He’s a good man.  He will treat you right.”
“Thank you most ardently.  I shall repay your kindness in time.”
She winced and thought to herself how she would just rather him not burn the whole countryside down.  That would be payment enough.  She waved as friendly a wave as she could muster hoping her added kindness would be enough to save the town then turned towards Garrett’s.  He was the only butcher in Wildspot and was expecting his rabbits.  She hoped they would be to his liking.
“It is about time you arrived.  I had half a mind to go out hunting you myself.”
He was a crotchety old man set in his ways, stubborn as the day was long and brash as a coyote.  He was the type of man a person either loved unconditionally or hated without remorse.  His son Garren, however, was hated by just about everybody.  His arrogant backside sat lazily at the end of the counter eying her with the same lecherous gaze he always reserved just for her.
Her stomach churned and she was sure it showed on her face.  An immortal was bad enough but Garren was the icing on the cake.  She had to divide her attention between the monster in the room and the one busying himself somewhere in the square.  Secretly she was listening for any cry of terror from the open shop door.  She barely heard Garren as he said something to her from across the room.
“I see you have made a new acquaintance,” Garren repeated himself as he moved closer.  He smiled as he tried to smooth away a tendril of curly hair from her forehead.  She sidestepped him and leaned against the counter trying to not look flummoxed.  He smiled harder. 
She cringed trying not to show her anxiety.  Her stomach was already in knots just thinking about the immortal she let loose in the town.  “I meet many people on the road,” she choked.
“Who is he?” asked Garren, “What family is he from?”
“He is from Davistown,” she lied, “I do not know his family name.”
“Then it is high time we found out.  Do you not agree?”
There was a smugness in Garren’s voice.  He was always causing trouble.  He picked more fights than any other young man in town and usually with unsuspecting travelers.  He had gotten himself beaten enough times one would think he had learned his lesson, but he was arrogant and an idiot.  Even his father had warned him to not go picking fights with strangers, for one day he was bound to wind up bloodied and beaten and left for dead.
He did not listen of course, and he immediately set out to prove his worth.   Alarmed, Marta followed through the crowded streets.  Her whole body shook and her hands went icy from fright.  He was a sight to behold.  Everyone in town knew the look on his face, the look of determination and stupidity.  A small assortment of onlookers slowly began to follow which fueled his ever-present ego, and his stride was quickened with the murmur of the additional townsfolk.  Marta could not believe the mess Shethra had gotten them all into.  She made up her mind that if she survived, it was the last advice she would take form her imaginary friend.
Dorthan, on the other hand, was pleasantly surprised.  Not two years had past since he had last had the misfortune of passing through these parts.  It was an arid and dusty place plagued by scrub brush and wild animals that kept his men up all night with their sounds.  His allergies, as well as the allergies of the whole regimen, had gone haywire.  No one enjoyed that journey.  The land was unforgiving, the water stank, and the few people he met were positively hostile.  The weather changed in both direction and temperament nearly hourly.  It was enough to drive a  man mad.
This burg, however, was almost homely feeling.  The people seemed friendly, and their economy seemed to be healthy.  There were no beggars on the street and there were rows upon rows of quaint little houses all neatly manicured and freshly painted.  The shops and taverns were full.  He had to smile at the resourcefulness of such people.  It was quite a turnaround.
“And what did Miss Marta drag in?” asked a male voice behind him.
Dorthan turned and met a young man in his mid twenties eyeing him like a well cooked steak.  His face bore a few small scars and his lip seemed to be crooked if by injury or attitude Dorthan could not tell.  His stance made it clear he was looking for a fight.  He had seen that same look in the eyes of the many new recruits that had passed through his ranks in the army.  Dorthan had to smile.  He was about to teach this boy the lesson of his life.


Chapter 3
Marta stood just at the edge of the crowd.  Her face was beyond distressed.  Her body was tense, and she could barely breathe.  Dorthan recognized she possibly had feelings for the boy and probably feared for his safety, so he decided to go easy on him.
“You are no rabbit, but you are not a beggar either.  Tell me, from whence do you hail?” asked Garren.
“Erath.”
The boy scoffed as the crowed seemed to enjoy some sort of pleasure from his hometown.  Curious.
“You hail from the green grass and rubble of no-man’s-land?  Laughable.  But tell me, friend, where do really you come from?”
“Erath.  I would not lie to you, friend.”
The boy seemed perturbed.  Garrett stepped in and gripped the boy’s arm.  “If the man does not want to tell you where he is from, it is his business.  Now leave him alone.”
Marta had to agree.  She could not just tell Garren that Dorthan was an immortal.  The whole town would go up in a frenzy.  She had to calm him down before Dorthan got fed up and decided the they were not worth the trouble.
“Please,” she begged, “he will not hurt any one if you would just leave him alone.”
“He is the one that needs to be worried.  Look at him, dressed in the old style.  Tell me, where in the whole kingdom did you ever attain those ridiculous clothes?”
“This is the uniform of my regimen.”
“No one has dressed in clothes like that in some two hundred years.  If you would just tell the truth!  It is not hard.  Just tell me where you are from.”
“Just leave him alone, Garren, please!” begged Marta.  Her hands shook as they gripped Garren’s arm.  He pulled away with a jolt leaving her shocked and horrified.  Damnable fool, he was going to get them all killed.
“A man who will not answer a single question!  How can you trust such a man?  What did he promise you Marta?  Is he going to whisk you away to some foreign land?  He is a liar, and he cannot be trusted.  Do we really need such a man in our town?”
The crowd seemed to murmur in agreement.  Tears began to pour down Marta’s face as her body began to shake.  She frantically looked around for support eying Dorthan who could only stare back at her bewildered.  He decided to take the high road.  
“If my presence here displeases so many, I will be happy to leave your fair town.”
“Not before I have had my pound of flesh!”
The boy pulled his sword before Dorthan could even think.  Several cheap shots later, the boy stood back.  He had landed several quick blows to his torso and arms.  Marta’s head sank into her hands as the crowd drew a collective breath.  None of the blows were bleeding.  In fact, if it had not been for the rips in his shirt, Dorthan would not have even known he had been hit.  The boy’s face was white as a cloud and his body began to tremble.
“You’re an immortal,” he whispered.
Dorthan shook his head slowly.  He lifted his hands in surrender trying to stop the growing panic in the eyes of the townspeople.  He could see that the panic and confusion was already setting in.  It was about to get ugly.  He did not know what was going on, but knew the crowd was about to get violent.
“I assure you I am not an immortal," he said calmly.
“Then how do you explain yourself?” yelled someone in the crowd.
He examined his shirt and could reason no answer.  The boy had struck him, that was certain.  He could not fathom why he was not bloodied or even bruised.  It was unreal.  How could it have happened?
“Please, just go,” Marta begged.
“I am not an immortal,” he insisted staring into her white eyes trying to find solace.  He was frustrated and bewildered.  It was an outrage.  Were all these people mad?  Was he mad?  How could this be?  He was certain he was no immortal.  It was preposterous.
His face had contorted to the most piteous look Marta had ever seen.  He truly believed what he said.  She did not know why the man had such a confounded look on his face.  All she knew was that he was just as frightened and confused as everyone else in the square.
The people began slowly backing away from him.  He became more and more concerned.  He had to do something before the townspeople captured and imprisoned him or worse.  There was no telling what they would do to him believing he was an immortal.  Was he an immortal?  Had he somehow become the very thing he had grown to hate?  His stomach churned.  His heart began to beat rapidly as the adrenaline began to take over.  The frenzied townspeople would do themselves more harm than good if he remained.  He had to get out quickly.
An opening presented itself just to Marta’s left. He ran for it with no other thought.  Garren threw his hand in front of her to shield her as he sped past.  She knew it was for nothing, for show.  She could see the desperation in Dorthan’s face before he left.  He was confused and hurt.  He clearly did not want to stir any trouble.
“Be gone with you then!” shouted Garren after him.
Marta was sick to her stomach.  She knew Garren too well to know he was going to play this to his advantage.  He would quickly spread word that he had run off an immortal while people would praise him, yet it was Dorthan who had saved the town.  She knew that deep down.  He left to save them from themselves.   Too many times she had heard of towns being destroyed by its own people in madness and terror because of the thought or rumor of an immortal, and he had been kind enough to leave.  Now she had to be stuck with the arrogance of Garren and his vainglory to come.  She had to get out, too.
“Did you see that?” he asked matter-of-factly as she pulled away.
She had to find him.  She was inexplicably drawn to him.  An immortal with feelings and who cared about the well being of humans was something to hold on to.  She ran after him.  Garren did not attempt to stop her.  He was carrying on about his glory and valor.  It had already started.  
She had to find him.
“Where is he?” she asked hoping Shethra had been listening.
You’ll find him by the old cemetery.
She ran towards the outskirts of town.  The old cemetery was situated in a small grove of mesquite trees just off the path to Avery.  From the road it simply looked like an old forgotten farmstead.  It had been there for years beyond memory.  It was a place not too many people even knew about, but she knew.  She had been fascinated by it as a small girl.  There were only two graves covered neatly by smooth rocks.  Time had grown grass around and through the stones, and the once proud mounds were little more than vague sentiments of years gone past.  If it had not been for her departed father reckoning they were an old burial sight, she would not have known anything about them.
“Did you know them?” she asked quietly as she approached.
He had been sitting under a large mesquite tree that had grown up near the spot.  He was startled and jumped when she spoke but remained.
She was a strange girl.  Any other person, male or female, would not come within miles of him if they even remotely suspected him to be an immortal.  Yet here she was.  It comforted him somehow.
“Two years ago when we last moved through this area we buried two of our own.  We had been in a skirmish helping set free the town of Avery just up the road.  Immortals had come in the night and set fire to it.  We had to get the people out at a great cost to our men.  These two we hoped would recover, but their wounds proved to be worse than we feared, perhaps cursed.  They died just before sunrise the next day.”
“It was far longer than two years, I am afraid.  I remember my father telling me about them when I was a little girl.”
He shook his head,  Noting made sense.  It had been two years.  He was certain of this.  He remembered it as though it was yesterday, but his thoughts seemed scattered as his heart began to grow heavy.  His eyes could not deceive that the mounds had aged beyond just two years, and the town had grown faster than two years would allow.  It simply could not be.  As much as he wanted to deny that all was not as it seemed, he could not deny the sights his eyes had seen.  He could not find reason for any of this.   His hopes for reuniting with his son were fading.
“What year is it?”
“It is the one hundred ninety-seventh year in the reign of Lady Plianne.” 
“Lady Plianne?” he growled.  “She has named a era after herself?”
“Of course she has,” what was he playing at?  “She rules over all the kingdoms in all the realms. She lives somewhere in the Merciless Mountains.”
“The Merciless Mountains?  Or perhaps you refer to the Irion Mountains where the dwarves once dwelled?”
“I have always known them to be Merciless.  Whichever you prefer, she lives there and sends her armies out to defeat the human armies.”
“Immortal armies?  How large?”
“Not immortal, her armies are of humans.”
“She has a human army?  Since when do humans fight humans at the command of an immortal?”
“Since forever that I know of.  Whether they be murders who volunteer their services or brainwashed, she has a human army, as do all the immortal lords.”
He shook his head.  Everything had changed from what he knew that is if the girl spoke the truth.  He had so many questions but did not know where to start.  Nothing made sense.  A man fighting for immortals against his own was beyond dishonorable.  It was blasphemous.  Who would do such a thing?
“I must find out what is going on.  I do not know what has happened to me or what is left of my family.  So many things you say are foreign to me.  Nothing makes any sense.  I must go and find out what has happened.”
She was itching to go with him.  She had to go with him.  It was the opportunity she had been waiting for.  Even Shethra seemed to approve, or at least she had not said anything against it yet.  She had to ask him regardless of the fact it was inappropriate and bold.  She had to ask in a way so he had no choice in the matter.  She did not care anymore.  She could not go back to Garren whom she would be forced to throttle if he opened his mouth again.  
“Well then, we’d better get going” she said matter-of-factly.  “I have some money back at my house.  Will you promise to wait for me here while I go get us some supplies?” she asked.
“You want to go with me?”
“Yes.”
“Why?”
“An immortal with a heart is as alone in this world as a blind archer.  I would be lying if I said I know how you feel, but I know in my heart I must go with you.”
Dorthan smiled.  She was different, too.  She was as special as she was necessary.  He agreed she had to go with him.  He felt it in his gut.  It was completely impractical and he could really fathom no reason she was needed.  He only knew for certain she had to come.  
“Then I promise to await your return.”
She stood struck dumb for a moment not sure he had actually invited her.  Her heart somehow leapt clear past her throat and lodged in her mouth rendering her speechless.  She had long dreamt of leaving Wildspot but so far Shethra had forbidden anyone taking her away.  There had been offers, not many, but enough to get under her skin.  They were enough to leave her imagining a life outside the confines of her little home in the middle of nowhere.  She could get away, see places she had only heard about and meet new people, people with proper last names and even titles, not just city names as their only form of recognition. 
She had to pull herself out of the trance his response had put her in. 
“Then I will be right back,” she replied sheepishly.


Chapter 4
Ferdor Riel had a problem.  His head ached which was nothing new.  His stomach felt as though he had consumed dragon’s fire which was also nothing new.  His foot, however, the right one, hurt him badly.  This was not only new but deadly.  The ache itself was nothing serious, but if Lord Nathair ever thought he was even remotely injured in any way, he would be executed.  It was absurd, but he had already bore witness to the demise of many well bodied men because of injuries no worse than a paper cut.  Immortals knew nothing of the everyday pain of men or of growing old.  In their minds, any injury no matter how insignificant was a fatal wound.  Nathair could know nothing of it.  Ferdor could soldier through a headache and stomach problems, but his foot was going to take some real acting.
To make matters worse, the entire courtyard was crawling with immortals.  They came to enjoy the mass slaughter which would occur regularly on their doorstep.  Ardath Field was the battleground for those fools stupid enough to try to conquer Lord Nathair’s armies as Ferdor’s great ancestor had once done.  It was rare, but every once in a while an army would come forward and prove to be better than his own, and many people would die in the process.  Those who lived from either side were forced to join the Ardathian army.  Those who refused were met with a most unfortunate fate, death as inhumane and publicly as possible.
Besides this, Ferdor had witnessed far too many deaths outside the battle field inside the walls, both those who refused service and those Lord Nathair deemed unfit.  It was a bloody mess he had unfortunately been born into.  Everybody here was born into it, and there was no way out.  They were all under scrutiny.  The elderly, sick, and crippled were hidden away from the eyes of the immortals who rarely trekked into the depths of the city.  He knew he was slowly approaching at least two of the conditions of death.  It was a mess he was hoping to avoid at all cost.  
He stepped slowly on his pained foot through the courtyard up the steps and through the great doors.  He had to stop just inside and allow himself a brief rest.  His ankle and heel were throbbing.  None of the immortals took notice of him.  He knew too well he was beneath them, but he could not take any chances.  The meeting was just down the hall a short distance in the furthest office just off the great hall.  If he could just glide in as carefully as he could, perhaps he could sneak in unnoticed and take his seat before anyone else arrived.
His luck never seemed to hold.  In the meeting room was, of all people, Lord Orcan the Foul.  He was worse than Nathair in all possible ways.  Nathair was positively saintlike compared to Orcan.  His presence almost made Ferdor turn and run right back out of the room, foot pain or no, and that may have not been such a bad idea.  Orcan was well known for killing humans with no regard for the human’s rank or reason for being.  He hoped Nathair would not stand for his death, but that was beyond absurd.  Nathair would replace him in no time without another thought.  Perhaps he should just wait outside.  Hopefully he could sneak out before Orcan noticed him.  He was busily attending the large box on top of the massive table.
“Mongrel filth, what are you doing here?” asked Orcan before Ferdor could escape, his sallow white flesh pulling in every direction from his pursed lips.
“Lord Nathair sent for me,” he said bowing as graciously as he could.
“Then go wait outside!  Your presence will be wanted after I speak with him!”
Ferdor immediately removed himself.  He stood outside the doors careful not to budge from his spot for he had found a comfortable standing position.  He stood quietly watching the immortals go about their day.  Thankfully, no one seemed to take any notice of him.  One or two would look his way then turn their faces in disgust and storm off in a huff.  He could only nod politely and hope they did not have a hankering for human flesh.  Any insult or course word towards an immortal was punishable by instant death.  There would be no trial.  He cringed knowing any one of these bastards could kill him without rhyme or reason and claim he had insulted them.  The thought made his stomach churn.
“Captain Riel,” called a voice beside him.  “You could have waited inside.”
He bowed as Nathair glided past him opening the great door with a twirl of his finger and closing it behind them with a loud bang.  Ferdor did his best to keep up, but walking behind an immortal who regularly floated everywhere was a nightmare.  He had to match his speed, and his footfalls had to sound evenly matched.  Nathair paid attention to everything. 
Orcan’s face turned a fierce red and contorted gruesomely as he again looked upon Ferdor who hid behind Nathair.  Ferdor felt this would be his last sight on earth and began resolving himself for his imminent death.
“I thought I told you to wait outside, boy!” called Orcan who lifted his hand to punish, maim, or kill him.  Nathair raised his hand instead.
“I called him myself.  Would the two of you please sit?”
Orcan glared as Ferdor averted his eyes to anywhere but that man.  He gazed upon the ceiling, the floor, and the massive wooden crate at the head of the table.  This immediately caught his attention.  It was the box Orcan was busying about when he had accidentally interrupted him.  His eyes were transfixed as he sat down to Nathair’s left.  The box moved and a growl let loose from within its depths.  What was that smell?
“Lord Nathair and vermin scum,” Orcan addressed the two men in the room.  Ferdor kept quiet.  “Since you know of the human problem we have and…” here the two immortals exchanged glances.  They spoke occasionally through their minds when their conversation held secret information.  
Ferdor waited patiently as Orcan filled Nathair in on his devious plans which no doubt involved insulting and belittling Ferdor.  He was not stupid to this fact especially when he seemed to smile, or rather sneer, at Ferdor at length.  Ferdor could not give a damn.  Frankly, he just wanted to know what was in the box.
“I give you,” Orcan said with a flourish as he opened the box to reveal a creature inside, “my creation.”
The creature leapt from its cage and onto the table lunging at Ferdor who instinctively reached for his sword and nearly cut off the beast’s head.  With a flick of his wrist, Nathair stopped the violence freezing both Ferdor and the creature in their places.  Ferdor felt the panic rise as he could not move, and the foul beast stared at him with yellowed eyes, his teeth inches from his throat, his breath hot against his skin.  Its body stank of death and decay.  He cringed to think what Orcan had been feeding it.
“I call them goblins.”
“What a peculiar name.  How ever did you come up with it?”  asked Nathair sarcastically.  He stared at his immortal friend over his intertwined fingers incredulously tempting him to speak his thoughts plainly in front of the human.  Orcan looked disgusted that he would have to divulge his cleverness to such a low being.
The invisible grip released on Ferdor and he was able to sit back down in his chair.  The creature watched him carefully watching Ferdor’s every move as it remained frozen in its place.  Then Nathair turned to Ferdor with such an air of arrogance he had to resist the urge to slug him.
“Orcan here has devised, as you may plainly see, a creature he believes will be a greater force than human armies.  He intends to breed such an army to rid the world of humans once and for all.  Is that right, Orcan?”
Orcan’s face fell.  He was clearly not wanting to divulge any such information in front of the human.  Nathair smiled.  Ferdor was surprised. 
“Oh come now Orcan.  What harm will telling him really do?”
“He will raise an army against us.”
Nathair laughed aloud.  "He would raise an army against immortals?  Surely my captain is not so ridiculous.  No, in fact, I am sure Captain Riel has even formulated why you called them goblins.  Have you not?”
Ferdor thought about it.  An army of foul creatures to battle humans.  Goblins?  Gobble.  He could only think of one answer.  “Because Lord Orcan means these creatures to feast on human flesh.”
A look of mock surprise graced Nathair’s face.  He laughed loudly finishing with a broad yet evil smile then turned to Orcan, “See?  Not as stupid as you would have them.  Or perhaps you are not as clever as you thought you were.”
Orcan glared.  Ferdor could hear his teeth grinding in his mouth.  His face turned scarlet as he slammed his fist upon the table.  Ferdor averted eye contact once more.
“Yes, even you, Captain, will agree that the greatest expense of war is feeding the troops.  Weapons are a necessity but reusable,  but nothing is more primitive and positively wasteful than food.  Orcan here has cleverly made an entire race we would never have to feed and would always be at the ready for when the humans attached.  What do you think, Captain?”
“Highly productive,” he stated, “But why would immortals such as yourselves have the need for money or resources?”
“Good question,” remarked Nathair.
“It is not for the resources, halfwit!”
“No, it is because immortals such as yourselves cannot kill as many humans as you want,” offered Ferdor.  He enjoyed speaking candidly to the snakes, and as long as Nathair was in the room he felt he could get away with it.  “We all know you can only kill one of us at a time.  An army of goblins would be your weapon at your disposal and you would dispose of them as you already do the humans.”
“Even better point,” said Nathair eying Orcan cautiously.  “Though your goblins seem to be worthy of such a fight, I must ask you, when the humans are gone we will be left with your goblin hoard.  Will they then be killed off by another of your inventions and those inventions killed by another?  When will it all end?”
“But they are all male!  They cannot reproduce and therefore will not continue once their numbers have dwindled.”
“Then you have created these beasts because you are lazy.”  
The words had fallen out of Ferdor’s mouth even before he could stop them.  He froze in terror knowing he should have held his tongue.  Orcan stood and raised his hand to either curse or incinerate him.  Ferdor prepared for the worse, leaning back in his chair knowing it would not help any.  He could not run even if he had a good foot to run on.  This was going to be painful.
“Gentlemen, please," said Nathair raising his hands to stop them both.  "It is in fact common knowledge we immortals can only kill one human at a time.  There are indeed far too many of you to kill all at once,” said Nathair.  “An entire army of these goblins would be better suited to do the trick than an army of humans.”
“That is if they can fight,” added Ferdor.
“Of course they can fight!”
“And who trained them, you?” asked Ferdor.
“They are natural born killers.”
“Then lets see it in action!” said Nathair almost a little too enthusiastically.  “A test, man against goblins to see who is the better warrior.  Brute strength and training versus animal instinct.  And no magic.”
“No magic?” growled Organ.
“No magic.”
 Nathair stood and waived his hand over the table and a large colorful map of the kingdoms appeared.  It was as though the entire country had been shrunk down.  Clouds formed and birds flew.  The trees looked as though one could reach out and touch them.
“This is Ardath Castle,” said Nathair pointing to the great stone fortress on the map.  “The closest unconquered land is that of Belanor to the south.”
Ferdor cringed.  “Belanor is no place to test the abilities of these goblins.  Last I heard there were only women and children remaining there.  Their men came years ago to battle us on the field.  They lost miserably.  I doubt very much there is anyone worthwhile taking up residence there.”
“Agreed.  What about Carthart?”
“Carthart is an old military installation.  I believe they still boast a great number of soldiers there.  If their numbers are as well trained as they once were, they would be a grand fight indeed.”
“Carthart it is then,” said Nathair excitedly.  “I will give you one week to assemble your finest goblins.  Captain Riel will accompany you and evaluate your goblins’ abilities.  He will remain unharmed as long as he is in your stead.  Do you understand?”
Orcan glared at the Ferdor but nodded in agreement.  Ferdor insisted his men be allowed to come as well but Nathair resisted.
“You are the finest warrior we have.  There is no one better than you to evaluate the military prowess of Orcan’s great beasts.  I have faith in you old man.”
With his final words, Nathair slapped him heartily on the shoulder then disappeared leaving Ferdor and Orcan alone once more.  He instinctively gripped his sword knowing the metal would only glance off the man’s skin if he even got that far.  Orcan, on the other hand,  simply sneered then disappeared taking the still frozen beast with him.
 The great hall was silent as Ferdor exited.  He made his way to the public lavatories down by the river as fast as he could make it.  His foot ached even more painfully now having let it rest, but he had to manage.  There he met Rideon Hawk, an old but faithful friend.  Since being banished from the legions years ago, he had camped out where immortals dare not to tread, the public lavatory.  He was an avid ornithologist and expert bird trainer, but more than that he was a damn good friend.
“Well?” Rideon asked.
“Nathair is going to attack Carthart in one week.  He is amassing an army of goblins to do his dirty work.  It is imperative these men are armed and well trained for this battle.”
“Goblins sir?”
“I will explain later.  Send word to all who are near that Carthart is the next target.  They will need to be reinforced.”
Rideon nodded his head and made to leave.  Ferdor stopped him.  “And send word to that old beggar woman down in the east end to come by my house after nightfall.  My foot is killing me.”


Chapter 5
It had only taken her moments to throw together things she may need for a trip.  She had so very little for she very rarely needed anything.  She did have in her possession a purse of no mean size. She added to it all the moneys she remembered stashing around her small shanty.  A blanket and some dried meats she shoved into her bag, then she grabbed a cloak, a walking stick, and her only extra pair of boots.  She then shoved all her available arrows onto her quiver then tied the rest into a bundle and attached them to her pack.  There was nothing left of value so she ran back to the town hoping to bypass the mess in its innermost sanctum only to realize a mob seemed to be forming at its center.
She had to go the long way around.  It would take her a few minutes more but she wanted to avoid the crowd at all cost.  The furthest avenue which led straight through town would lead just beside Garrett and Garren’s house.  She would have to be careful not to disturb them.
“I figured you would be running off with that man,” commented Garrett.
Marta froze not knowing what to do.  Garrett smiled.  He always had a second opinion contrary to everyone else’s.  She wondered why he was smiling.
“There is nothing I can do for it I suppose.  I thought maybe you were meant for something better.  You were always a strange girl, but a fair shot is a fair shot.  I hope you are not making a big mistake, but then again, life is full of surprises.”
“Please don’t tell anyone.”
“Tell anyone?  Who would I tell?  I think the crowd will be making their way to your house.  Seems they think you may be harboring him because Garren saw you take off after him.  You sure you got everything you need?”
“I have always had so little.”
“Well then, be off with you before the town catches up to you.”
She threw her arms around his neck and hugged him.  He had a tendency to be an ass but he had always treated her fairly.  He might have been the only face she would ever recall missing form that old town.  She smiled warmly and waived as she snuck back through the streets double backing every time she thought she heard a voice.  Her anticipation was making her shake all over with excitement.
She quietly made her way to the old cemetery listening carefully to make sure no one had followed her.  Much to her dismay Dorthan was gone.  She cursed aloud.  She had taken too long and was foolish to allow him to wait by himself.  She wondered if she would ever see him again.  She sat down by the old mesquite tree overcome with disappointment and frustration.  She could already hear the sound of the mob echoing down the lane.  She had to make up her mind.
“I’m going after him,” she said aloud to herself to boost her own confidence.  “At least if I leave here I will make my own way and will not be stuck in Wildspot forever.”
Her constant companion did not answer.  Typical of Shethra to not butt in when she was desperately needed but to voice her opinion when it was not.  She rolled her eyes.  She could not go back now.  She was on her own.
Dorthan sat and watched the girl from the shade of a cluster of  salt cedars amused she had actually returned.  He wondered if it was a good idea to take her with him.  She had left him alone to think too long.  He had wondered if it would not be best to leave the girl behind.  It made more sense to do so.  She was not combat trained.  She could shoot, yes, but could she take a life?  Why was he even considering it?  She was a farm girl whose only knowledge of the real world came from the stories told by the occasional passerby.  She had never left the little town she called home. What good would she do in real life situations?
But his dreams plagued him beyond reason.  They were stuck in the back of his mind like a name at the tip of his tongue.  He could not clearly remember anything.  Only vague glimpses of the important things were visible.  It was foggy, but he knew it meant something.  He had to take the girl with him as ridiculous as it sounded.  Whether it was providence or the aftermath of something he ate, he had to take a chance on her.  As ridiculous as he felt, he knew in his heart it was more than just a dream.
She popped up as though pricked by something.  She dusted off her pants and threw her belongings over her shoulder.  There was a look in her cold white eyes he could not exactly place.  Determination, he guessed.  She had her mind set, and she had burned all her bridges.  There was no going back for her.  Even from where he stood, he could see the smoke billowing from a place  on the other side of town possibly the remnants of what was once her home.  
He had to smile.  He was quite possibly all she had left.  There was so little for her here, perhaps marriage and children, a life of monotony.  She was a blind archer.  Surely fate had more for her than the mundane.  He stepped out into the open and watched her.  He smiled at her bewildered expression as she realized he had not left her behind.
“I thought you had left,” she said.
“I promised you, did I not?”
She smiled wide as he offered to take the bag from her.  Her brain was buzzing with excitement.  This was a new experience for her.  She had never done anything so brash in her life.  The thought was exhilarating.
He turned to the north.
“So where are we off to?” asked Marta.
“Erath,” 
“Why? There is nothing there.”
He paused.  Nothing in Erath?  Surely not.  “It was my home when I was a child.  My wife and children were there.”
“How long ago was that?”
The question frustrated him.  In two years so much had changed.  He struggled with admitting to himself something massive had happened.  He had to see for himself the lands of his fathers to confirm everything was amiss and nothing was the same.  He had to know the depth of the changes of the world around him.
“Apparently I cannot answer that.”
She remained silent turning back to see the town still in an uproar.  She could smell the scent of burnt thatch and dead grass on the breeze.  Had they gotten to her house already?  She was filled with a strange tingle of emotions she could only liken to being drunk.  She had seen it enough times to imagine the feeling.  She was dizzy with excitement yet her stomach was churning and turning in knots of despair.  She decided to remain silent until useful conversation presented itself.  She did not want to make a fool of herself taking too much or saying anything silly.  Giddiness was unattractive to men so she had heard.  She was on her way to become something greater than herself.  She wanted to make sure they started off on the right foot.
They had journeyed long into the night and were too exhausted to hunt or gather anything for their evening meal.  Dorthan made a quick little fire making sure not to burn the arid and dusty region to the ground.  He was well aware of the severity of the dry conditions in these parts and remembered his own men two years prior starting quite a bonfire without meaning to.  
Two years ago.  It was much longer than that.  He had to keep reminding himself that things were different than he remembered.  What all had changed?  He gazed deep into the small fire he had made then closed his eyes.  He could feel the girl’s piercing stare from across the fire.  She watched him for some time.  Was she a witch?  It would make sense if she were.  Could this witch defeat the immortals?  It seemed unlikely.  His mind wandered to what she was doing here.  She remained silent.  Dorthan wondered if there was something wrong with her.  Women her age were usually chatty and full of useless nonsense and silly notions.  Idle prattle was not his strong suit but apparently it was not hers either.  He was about ten years or so her senior.  When he was her age, he was accustomed to the flirtatiousness of females.  He had thought himself quite a catch in those days and was keen on female sensibilities.  But those days were over and although he enjoyed the quietude, he sensed something was off.
“Is everything all right?” he asked.
“Everything is fine,” she answered.
He hated that word.  “Just fine?”
“What would you like me to say?”
“I would prefer you say anything other than you are just fine.  Perhaps comment on the weather or something.”
“The weather never changes here.  It is always hot, dry, and windy.  Will that do, or would you like something more?”
She had spunk, he liked that.  “Well if we are to be traveling companions, perhaps we should get to know each other better,” he commented stoking the fire.  “Tell me something about yourself then I will tell you something about myself.”
This game was going to be a nightmare.  She had many strange secrets that would no doubt ruin their partnership before it got started.  She imagined the most vague useless information she could volunteer so that she would not have to tell him anything important.  She wanted to keep her secrets for the time being.  She was not entirely certain she could fully trust him yet.  She smiled.  “I hate cheese.”
He nodded his head.  It was an answer he was actually hoping for.  She did not trust him yet.  It was as good sign she was not stupid.  Naivety would get her killed.  He thought about a similar response.  “I snore tremendously.  In fact, I am so loud I once lead an entire enemy brigade right to our encampment just by the echoes.”
She laughed aloud.  He laughed as well.  “Is that really true?”
“It is.  My regimen barely escaped with their lives that night.”
“What did you do?”
“I slept from then on in a double meshed tent and with a thick cloth covering my mouth.”
She smiled but remained silent.  It was not quite the answer she had wanted but she figured she had better not press the matter.  Her silence made Dorthan a little nervous.  Was she just not intelligent enough to carry on a conversation?  He sat in silence.  Maybe he made her uncomfortable.
“How do you do it?” he finally had to ask.
She died a little inside.  Her heart sank and her chest tightened.  He would have to know if he was ever going to trust her.  How could she put it in a way he would understand?  “I see things differently than you do.  That is all.”
“So you do see?”
“Only a little.  I see people’s souls,” she cringed.  It sounded worse after she had said it aloud.
He remained silent deciding if she was crazy or simply telling the truth.  She could see him questioning her with his eyes.  Typical.  People always questioned what they did not understand.  
“My world is black.  Everything that is dead is black.  People have color.  They are red.  That is all except you.  I do not know your color.”
“What other colors do you see?”
“The grass is green.  That is what my father called it when he was alive, green.  The earth is what he called brown.  I can only see the brown when the earth is tilled or harvested.  It is a strange color, and I do not know why I see it.”
“And people are red?”
“They are the same color as the harvest sun, only a deeper rich color.  Father always said it was red I saw because the harvest sun is different than any other time of year.  I can actually see its vibrancy.  It shines a brilliant red only then, otherwise it is a dull red hue.”
“Crimson?  Is crimson the color you see when you see humans?”
“Yes, I believe I have heard it called that before.”
“Crimson is the color of human blood.  It is a deep rich red.”
“I think it may be the color that represents their life essence.  It is like I see their soul.  I can see it leave the body when an animal dies.”
Dorthan nodded thinking about what she had said.  It made no sense, yet in its own way, it was the only reasonable explanation.  He could not comprehend.  Her answers were so unnatural.  He had never heard of anything like it before.  
“How do you hunt then if all you see is black and shades of color?”
“That is easy.  When your whole world is darkness, a single crimson spot sticks out like a candle in the night.”
“So you can see fire?”  
“Not really, unfortunately it is an expression I had heard before.  Fire to me is only a very vague color similar to red or crimson.  It is nearly impossible to see.”
“Do the colors change in sunlight?”
“They are pretty much the same day or night.  The sun only intensifies the colors that are directly affected by it.  Plants seem a little more vibrant but humans seem the same.  Their intensity changes, but that is all."
“Are we solid red or are our colors varied throughout our bodies, shades of deep red or maybe pink?”
“You are the same all over, but your color is not solid.  It is a luminescence that flows off your body.  When people pass too close to one another, their essences swirl around one another.”
“Like steam?”
She shook her head.  “I don’t know.”
“Well I believe you have a remarkable gift, and tomorrow perhaps you can show me this technique you have for shooting, for if I am not mistaken, you cannot see the arrow from your bow?”
“No I cannot, nor the bow.”
He smiled, “Then that is something to look forward to.”
She gave more of a wince back at him.  She was not ready to show how she hunted.  It would require an entirely new explanation, the likes of which he would not understand in the slightest.  She only barely understood it herself.
He began to stare back at the fire in silence.  The stillness of the night began to weigh heavily on her.  Her eyelids began to droop.  She laid her head down and was asleep before she knew it.


Chapter 6
Marta had fallen asleep quickly.  He was alone with his thoughts at that point waiting for the smooth rapture of sleep to take him.  His mind kept him preoccupied with the worries of his heart.  So much had happened.  It was hard to take in.
He quietly removed his small dagger hidden in his boot and pressed the blade to his hand.  He pressed with all his might, but the edge would not enter.  He sawed back and forth to no avail.  He felt nothing, only the slightest pressure form the blade against his skin.  He was immortal.
He threw the knife in disgust.  It killed him deep down inside.  Of all the things that could happen to a man, this was by far the worst.  He had to stifle the scream that was welling up inside his throat.  He wanted to kill someone or something.  His anger made him want to rip an immortal’s head clean off.  He was not entirely sure that was possible even with him being an immortal himself.  He would be forced to live a solitary existence, alone forever as the only immortal with a soul.  He would be rejected in every town they went to.  He was a danger to his new companion just being there with her.  She would be an easy target.  He would have to leave her for her own protection.  It may be the only way to save her.  He would never hurt the girl; he knew that.  Did she?  Would he one day become a monster just like all the rest of them?
He would not.  He would not succumb to any thought that might put the girl or anyone else at risk.  He would never hurt another human who did not deserve it.  He did have feelings.  He was not callous.  His soul was pure, and although he had become a member of the race who had killed his wife and son, he knew deep down he was not like them.  It was unnatural and unfair, but he would not betray the human race.  He would be their champion.  He would use whatever abilities he had to help them.
But what had caused this?  He wandered through his memories of the last several days.  He had gone in the night to hunt the weapon, what ever it was.  It was a fool’s errand.  He had known better than to abandon his son and men, but something had to be done.  He replayed over and over the conversation he had with his lieutenant.  It had been his fool of an idea to go.  Someone had to.  What happened after that?  He remembered the jagged blades of rocks and the desperation he felt, or had he dreamt that?  He took off his shoe.  All his toes were accounted for.  He lifted his tunic and felt for that battle scar he had received so long ago in his first battle.  The skin stretched across his chest was still lumpy and somewhat tender.
He rubbed his finger over it again.  There was this one spot.
Ladyne would touch it by accident then kiss it to make him feel better.  It did not hurt as bad as he let on, and she was not stupid.  She was kind though, nursing him back to health that night so long ago.  She was the captain’s daughter and he was a lowly foot soldier.  He had worked so hard after that to impress her father only to watch the man be liquefied by an immortal before he could muster the courage to ask for her hand.  His body burned as he flailed and screamed.  The immortals had not the mercy or decency to kill him outright.  They kept him alive with their unnatural power so that they could kill him over and over.  He died several times that night.  They had done it to break the spirits of his men.  It had worked more than the immortals would ever comprehend. 
She had cried in his arms as he held her close for the first time.  He had been the one elected to tell her.  It tore his heart to hear her horrible sobs.  Then she was silent.  She slept like the grave that night and every night he had been with her.  He would often stay awake and watch her sleep not sure she was alive.  Her breath would come so softly.  He was convinced she was an angel sent from the afterlife.  Her smile would cool his nerve.  Her hand would quell his temper.  She had a magic within her very soul.
He wondered what color Marta would see if she could have looked upon her.  She was not immortal.  She had died in his arms the week before he set off on his journey.  His whole world had ended then.  He had nothing left after she died.  He made up his mind he was going to leave the world to his remaining son and die with what little grace and dignity he had left.  The world, after all, was the inheritance of youth, to be passed on after the elders had died.  It was time his son became a man.
But now what was he going to do?  He had promised Ladyne that night he would join her in the land of eternity.  He could not die now.  He would never see her again even though he had promised.  How did she even know to ask?  She was going to wait for him, yet he could never die.  He would never be reunited with her.  What peace would he be afforded in this life?  Only pain and misery and death awaited him as he would eventually witness Marta die, the girl who slept so peacefully.  She would eventually die and her children and their children.  He would live on after them all.  It was madness.
He could still see her face vividly burnt into his memory.  Perhaps if he just hung onto her features, the way she felt, her smell, he would not have to live so long in suffering.  She had always been his greatest comfort.  His memories were all he would ever have of her.
He rubbed his eyes.  He could still see her face.  Even in the pitch of darkness he could see her plain as day as though she was sitting next to him.  He could nearly reach out and touch her knowing he would never be able to, but without her, there would be nothing but the darkness and the stars.  With eyes opened or shut, the emptiness was suffocating.  He could not get away from the pain her memory caused him.  His pain was everywhere.  What comfort was there going to be for an endlessly grieving man?
The sun made its presence clear as the early morning approached.  He had not slept all night and wondered what the ramifications would be.  He felt fine though.  His head ached somewhat but it was manageable.  His mind ravaged him causing nothing but grief as he tried so desperately not to think of her.  The trip and his need for knowledge could not be bogged down by grief.  He knew it would be impossible to sleep if his thoughts continued.  He had to keep himself busy.
He snuck out with the girl’s bow and quiver.  Solitude mixed with a task at hand had always worked best for his troubled mind.  He had seen much death.  He had to revive his senses or go mad in the process.  He had to kill something.
He hunkered down in the early light and watched as little chirping rats emerged from their subterranean dens.  Prairie dogs they were called.  Not the best food, but he imagined they would make difficult sport.  Good.  He needed a challenge.
Four hours later and several bolts less, Marta joined him quietly.  She seemed somewhat perturbed at his lack of ability.  Her quiver was nearly at half.  He began to feel bad.
“I know where they all are.  I will retrieve them for you.”
She rolled her white eyes.  “Hand it over.”
He did.  She notched an arrow and blew gently on the tip.  “I cannot see the arrow.  My essence gets caught for a small while in the tip.  It is long enough for me to shoot and gather the carcass.  The animal’s essence leaves the body slowly and my arrow will glow red for a few minutes.”
“But how do you see your bow?”
“I rub my hands on it or sleep with it  near me.  It will hold my essence for a time then go dark again.”
“How do you find it again once your essence leaves?”
“I can cast a small beam of my light forward to guide me.  It is not enough to illuminate an entire room, but it is enough to get me to an empty chair.  Also, I usually put my bow in the same spot so I do not have to look around for it.”
She focused on a prairie dog, pulled back hard then shot.  The arrow went straight through the little beast like a skewer.  It was not completely dead and tried to scurry back into its little hole but could not for the shaft though its middle.  She cringed.
“I hate prairie dogs, but it is the only way to kill them.  If you only maim them, they will retreat into their burrows and die inside.  You have to make it so they cannot escape.  Their meat is not bad if it is not full of worms.  How many do you need?”
“I was only shooting to sooth my temperament.  I did not sleep at all last night.  My mind wandered to far off places and long forgotten faces.”
“I was unsure if immortals slept.”
“Apparently we do not.”
“Do you eat then?”
“I don’t know yet.”
“Well, we have one dog.  You want to try one?”
“Prairie rat for breakfast?”
Marta laughed.  “It’s not as bad as it sounds.”
“That’s good.  It sounds terrible.”
Marta laughed.  “You start a fire.  I’ll bag us another one.”


Chapter 7
He did eat, though not as eagerly as he had before.  He did not feel hungry but the food did at least seem to agree with him.  He realized it was a moot point.  He could eat if the occasion arose, but it was not going to be necessary.  It was surreal to think the most basic human need was now no longer a requirement.  It would prove to be more than a problem around anyone other than Marta.  Others may think it strange he did not require sustenance.  He would have to be careful around who they met.
After breakfast, the two started their journey once more.  Their pace was steady for a time until the plains started turning more and more hilly.  Up they trudged then down.  Trees began to pop up, not just the ever present mesquite, but actual full grown tall trees.  The weather became more arid and the sun became hotter.  Exhaustion began to weigh them down.  They had to stop in the valley of a dry riverbed to rest.
“Where are we?” he asked.
“Somewhere around Carthart.  This valley leads into the Red Canyon.  It is a really large town, if I remember rightly.  My father and I used to trade furs there.”
“It had been a military base in my day.”
“I believe it still is.  It is the last outpost before getting into the mountains.  It is a center for all travelers.  I suggest we go there.”
“I agree.”
They trudged on until well after noon at which time they ran out of water.  Shortly after that, their paced slowed to a crawl and soon they realized they needed help.  Marta prayed Shethra would be able to help them in some way, then the voice in her head softly led her to a cactus.  With many pricked and bleeding fingers, she managed to squeeze enough water into their flask to keep them alive for a few more hours.  It seemed the only plants worth drinking from were setaceous.  It frustrated her to no end.  She had to sit down for awhile.  This traveling was getting to be too much.
“How much further?” Marta had asked quietly.
Only a few more miles.
The sun began to set before they began traveling on again in silence.  The cool breeze of the night air revitalized their spirits though not by much.  Dorthan was surprised at the tenacity of his young companion.  She was a trooper.  Though visibly exhausted, she never complained.  She was much stronger than her small frame suggested.  There was a fire in her white eyes.
Only hours later their eyes fell upon the sight they had been craving.  Carthart was an amazing sight both by day and by night.  Built in the dry bed that once was a lake, Carthart was a fortress of no mean size.  In daylight, the whole city was a rusty red color thanks to the red clay of the lakebed surrounding the fortress.  At night, the torches that he towers cast an eerie red glow on the walls.  Its army consisted of near four thousand men.  Its merchants square was the finest in nearly all the lands.  The Carthartians were a hearty breed, weathered and tough.  It was a formidable sight to come upon.  Even as night fell the candles and torches lit up the town almost as though it were day.
As the two approached the gates, they noticed quite a bit of movement.  Men from all around, some in uniform, many not, were gathering around the guardsmen.  They approached quietly watching the goings on.  The groups watched them as they passed.  Marta stuck close to Dorthan.  She did not like the way the men glared at her as they crossed.
“You there!” shouted a tower guard.  The two stopped.
A man in uniform ran up to them cautiously.  He carried a large halberd, sharpened and at the ready.  Three others approached similarly dressed.
Speak first.  Do not let them hear that he is from Erath.
“We hail form Wildspot and are in great need of food and water,” called Marta.
The men stopped surprised to hear a female voice. They lowered their weapons but still kept them at the ready.  Dorthan eyed her wondering why she felt it her place to speak for him.  Marta cowered back behind him as she received the same threatening looks from the guards.  She was beginning to wonder if coming along had been such a good idea.
“You travel late, milady.  With whom do you travel?”
“I am her brother.  We only seek shelter.”
The captain introduced himself as Elias Barthas, High Captain of the Carthartian army.  He was a sturdy man, his skin the dark rich color of the people who inhabited the snowless Irion Mountains to the north.  Dorthan had immediate respect for him.  He seemed to carry himself with pride yet his voice was gentle and courteous.  He had respect for Marta, that was plainly visible.  He seemed to be trying to shield her from the eyes of the other men.  Dorthan quickly realized why.  There were no females anywhere to be found.  The men all stared at them as they entered.  All were dressed for battle, their faces stern and serious.
“You dress for battle.  What news do you have?” Dorthan asked the fellow captain immediately recognizing the seriousness of the situation.
“We have received a white eagle from the Protector that an army is to attack this city in three days,” replied  Barthas.
“The Protector?” asked Dorthan.
Barthas eyed him suspiciously.  “The Protector, of course, the one who sends a great eagle to warn of imminent doom.”
Dorthan nodded his head as though he understood.  Marta, he could tell, understood immediately.  Her face had turned white.  “Immortals?  Immortals are coming here in three days?”
“Your sister is brighter than you, my friend.  Yes, the Protector has sent word that an army of goblins are on their way from Ardath.”
“Goblins?” asked Dorthan.  “I have never heard of such creatures.”
Barthas shook his head.  “Nor have I.  The only warning we have received came this morning.  It simply mentioned goblins, nothing about what to expect from them.”
“They must be bad then,” commented Marta.
“We have been told to rally the armies and send the women and children into the crags.  They can survive for sometime there, but the letter said specifically to keep as many men as possible to fight.”
“She stays with me.”
“She will have to.  All the women have already gone.  She would never be able to find them on her own, but if you do not wish to fight, you can take your chance with the Fell Beast.  Many able bodied men are going into the wilderness to track it.  It supposedly has in its possession a sword capable of defeating the immortals.  Since you are not of the Carthartian army, you are welcome to choose your own fate.”
Get the sword.
“We’ll get the sword,” said Marta abruptly.
Both men stared at her strongly.  She smiled at Dorthan who could not deny her despite her now having spoken for him twice.  He reluctantly relented.  He would have to put her in her place sometime soon.  It was not, however, immediately necessary, and frankly there was a much worse pressing matter to deal with at the moment.  Her disciplining would apparently have to wait.
“Where do we find this beast?”
They made their way towards the tavern Barthas had pointed them towards.  Dorthan was silent gritting his teeth trying not to let on how his fury was growing with his companion.  Get the sword she had said, volunteering them to a fool's quest while brave men set their lives against the immortal army.  Though it may be a safer alternative for her, he felt he could give his expertise and experience to the battle, maybe even save some lives, help with the evacuation.  
She followed behind him fully aware of how she had embarrassed him.  She was embarrassed herself not knowing why Shethra had told her to go after this sword.  She followed quietly staying close to him in the crowd.  She could barely see where he was making to.  All eyes were on her.  She had a distinct feeling she was the prized piece of meat.  It was not the best time to infuriate her bodyguard.
His eyes were fixed upon them the moment they entered the room.  The man was of a rude stature, but the lady was petite, her face soft and features delicate.  The man was dressed in the old style but a warrior nonetheless.  He watched them sit in a far corner of the room, the man holding harsh words against the fair lady.  He gritted his teeth.  Either a lover’s quarrel to which he should really not get involved, or a sibling rivalry gone sour to which he could fit right in.
“Are you insane?” Dorthan asked as they settled into a table surrounded by ragged adventurers who had chosen to take on the Fell Beast instead of the goblin army.
“Just trust me, all right?”
Shethra had never set her wrong before.  Although there was always a first time, she felt this was not it.  Dorthan had ordered a pint and had not even touched it.  Marta had already downed two flasks of ice cool water and was starting on her third.  The inn was crawling with all sorts of folks.  Everyone seemed to notice the single female and her brawny companion.  Most men could not take their eyes off her.  She sank deeper into her chair.
“I just do what I am told,” she replied as a young man, tall and blond, approached their table.  Around Marta’s age, he stood tall and proud eying the two inciting them to ask him to sit.  He stared at Marta for a time longer noticing her eyes above all else, then turned his attention to Dorthan who stopped him before he could even ask.
“The seat is taken,” said Dorthan.
The young man sat down anyway.  He smiled warmly at Marta then turned to Dorthan.  “The name is Swill Ladson, and you are?”
“Not interested,” said Dorthan.
“I am Marta of Wildspot, and this is my brother Dorthan.  
“Are you two going to battle the vile beast?”
“Why is it any of your concern?” spat Dorthan.
“Well, it is just that I have never seen the two of you before.”
“We are new,” offered Marta.
“And what do you know of the beast?” asked Swill.
“Nothing.”
“Nothing?” he smiled a sly devilish smile.  “Then let me inform you.”
He began his account of all he knew of the beast.
“It started long ago even before the genocide of the elves and dwarves.  A great warrior known for his fine elvish blades decided to make such a blade the mere thought of it would end all war forever.  It was to be a blade that could cut through any armor, pierce through any skin, and, most importantly, kill immortals with a single blow.
“And so he set out to fashion such a blade.  But the elf queen heard of his endeavors and pleaded to put a stop to it, for such a blade would not be the end of great wars but be at their very centers.  She feared the free peoples would covet such a blade and wars would be waged for its sake.  The people would fight and die for the chance to steal it or to use it.  She feared it would cause great turmoil.
“The great warrior made it his mission to seek out his queen and convince her otherwise.  He went to the great gray castle at Azle in the far north to seek council with the queen.  However, when his eyes met hers for the first time, the young warrior immediately fell in love.  She was the most beautiful creature he had ever beheld.
“In her eyes he saw a great pain.  She feared for the young man knowing if he endeavored to create this weapon, it would bring about the end of the elfin people and their way of life.
“He recanted saying instead he would create a different sword, one that would both give life as well as take it away.  The hilt, he had claimed, would heal any mortal wound, and the blade would kill any living being.  The queen, who had no love for war, agreed believing such a sword would destroy itself before its first battle.
“The young warrior set out to accomplished his task, and within three hundred years, he had succeeded.  By this time, the immortals had heard of the warrior making the blade and they became jealous.  It was widely known that the only power to rival that of the immortals was that of the elves.  The immortals, having never faced the possibility of their own demise, set out to destroy the blade and its creator.
“And so the extermination began.  The elves fought back with great valor and the sword proved to be useful, but the magic and cunning of the immortals proved too much.
“One night as the immortals were attacking and setting fire to the great southernmost  border, an immortal slipped into the castle.  Finding the elvish queen heartbroken at the devastating loss of her people, the immortal slit her throat as she wept over a map of her now desolate lands.
“The young warrior heard about the fate of his beloved queen and set out to destroy the immortals once and for all, but his people were too heartbroken to continue fighting.  One by one their hearts burst at the news of the loss of their most beloved queen.  Many lost their will to live.
“The warrior, heartbroken and alone, retreated to the westernmost edge of the queen’s realm and plunged the sword deep into his chest hoping to end his life.  The sword, however, could not allow the man to live or die, for it tried, as it was created to both kill the man and heal him. The soul of the elf was torn in two.  His once beautiful body morphed into a hideous beast.  His existence was no longer of the living or the dead, and so he remained, a tortured soul guarding the fell blade so that no other could use it for good or evil.”
“That is so sad,” said Marta.
“It is hogwash if you ask me.”
“It does make sense in a way," said Marta.  "Why would the immortals want to kill the elves otherwise?”
“Maybe because the immortals are evil.  And what about the dwarves and the humans?  Where do their stories come in?  Are the dwarves not already annihilated as well?  Are the humans not next on their list?”
“The humans,” said Swill in total confidence, “are the only ones who had known about the sword.  It has been said the dwarves had no love for the elves and therefore had nothing to do with any elf sword enchanted or not and possibly thought the war was the elves’ concern and not their own.  But dwarves have their own kind of magic, and I assume it is the reason they were slaughtered secondarily.”
“And how many men have given their lives in search of this fell sword?” asked Dorthan coolly.
“Far too many I must admit.  It is a shame that no one has ever survived the harvesting.”
“You’re here are you not?”
“I have not been dumb enough to try.  Every year many men from all over journey to battle the beast.  Only a few actually attempt it.  I watch.”
“Then you are a coward.”
“I am patient.  I know that one day a man will come and take the sword from the beast’s cold dead fingers.  When he does, I will be there.  I have pledged my life to follow the one who is brave enough to take it.”
“Then your life is a waste.  Go join the army or something.  Do something useful for a change.”
Marta scoffed.  “Well I think it is very valiant of you to wait for your master.  For a man cannot lead an army if he has not an army to lead.”
Swill smiled.  “Very astute.  Come, let me buy the two of you dinner.”
“I am not hungry,” Dorthan sneered.
“I’m starving.”
Swill laughed.  “You are very straight forward.  I like that.”
As Swill approached the bar he met the eyes of his old friend and foe, Cruim.  He had chosen his mark.  He wondered which bastard Cruim would choose.


Chapter 8
Twenty years Swill had journeyed to watch what the locals called the harvesting. He had started attending with his father when he was only five.  It was a family tradition dating back as far as Swill could remember.  His father also attended with his father and the old stories were enough to make Swill want to see it even before his father allowed.  It was one of the few fond memories he had of his father.  They had both watched year after year as many young men perished at the hands of the beast.  It was a sight to see and an event not to be missed.
There was also a fortune to be made.  Every year the men would place bets on who would enter first, how long they would last, or who would scream the loudest.  It was governed by a committee which timed every entry and evaluated every death and every second that the mark was away.  They were men like Swill who had grown old making and loosing money on the games.  They were honest, for gamblers, and not to be argued with.  It was this fate his father had planned for Swill when he got older, and had his father lived, he would be in the ranks to replace a member when a member retired or was murdered off, which ever came first.
The beast of unknown shape and face was a draw for onlookers.  The beast was remarkably quiet as it killed its prey while the men were usually rather vocal as they died.  A perfect mark was a man of no mean size with a haughty disposition and a deep booming voice.  It was from these spectators most marks were claimed.  Many had to be  goaded into the void as their speculators watched.
In this battle only the stout would last the longest.  Swill’s mark would die the longest, he was sure.  In fact, he put most of his money on him.  At least he had better die the longest and most painfully.  The longer he lasted, the more money he would win, and to be honest, his luck was not as it once was.  He needed the money.
Of course there was the other bet. The bet was for the victor of the fabled sword to kill the beast and actually bring the sword to the outside world.  Few men actually fell for the final bet.  Cruim was one of those few stupid enough to think one man may one day come back with the fabled sword.  Ridiculous as it seemed, Cruim and his father and his father’s father had always put a little money on the bet in hopes of it paying off in a massive way.  All the money put down on all bets would pay off those dumb enough to put their money on the bet.  It was a fool’s errand, and one in which Swill and his father had never partaken.  He knew his mark would be a good one, but for him to come back out alive was nonsense.  His death would be a sweet prize and a handsome payout.
His sister, on the other hand, would be a nice side prize despite her disadvantages.  Wives occasionally came with their husbands and were beyond consolable after their men bounded off into destiny and died in the process.  There would be no satisfaction in them.  The sisters, on the other hand, were warm bodies meant to be comforted several times over.  He had his share of distraught sisters and occasional wife to sooth his aching pocket book.  There was always a consolation.
Not that if there ever proved to be a victor he would renege on his vow.  As unlikely as it was, Swill was true to his word.  He was a gambler, but a liar he was not.  A liar and a gambler was a bad combination.  He always stayed true to his word.  So far his vow of service had ended upon the man’s death, but if ever a man lived to whom he had vowed his service, he would not only be a valuable servant  but also be an excellent companion.  He could use a sword, and he knew somebody in nearly every town at which he arrived.  Fortunately, the odds were against every man who entered the fray.  He was not concerned in the slightest.  His freedom would be secure for at least one more year.
Coincidentally, the harvesting fell within the same week as the attack on Carthart.  Never before had the sword become more wanted and sought after.  There were even men from the army who had given up their commission to join the hunt.  It was against the rules of Carthart for any soldier to partake in such a fool’s errand.  The numbers, Swill had seen, were nearly twice that of any other year.  He knew deep in his pocketbook he would end up a rich man for the need for the sword had never been as great as now.  It was imperative.  It was providence that led so many fine young men to challenge the beast for the sword, and as far as he was concerned, he had picked the stoutest man.
Dorthan glowered at the people crowding the bar.  It was far too crowded.  Men of all sorts, young and old, stout and frail, had all traveled to the tavern to seek advice and hear legends being told.  There were so many who would battle the mystery beast for the unknown weapon.  His heart was divided on the subject.  On the one hand there was the imminent attack in just a few days time.  An immortal and his armies were on the move, and no one could defeat such an adversary.  It would make more sense to flee for their lives.  The sword, on the other hand, held an unreliable promise.  A sword that could defeat the immortals was too much to ask.  He was not stupid, though.  It was too good to be true, a coincidence.  He hated coincidences.  They were bad omens.  From what he could gather, men had traveled from far and wide to vie for the weapon only to be eaten alive by the beast year after year.  Was it worth the lives of so many able-bodied men albeit stupid ones?  Was it worth Marta’s life?  She was in his protection.  He had half a mind to take her away in the middle of the night and get as far away from the place as he could, as cowardly as that seemed.  It was her idea, however.  She volunteered him to go.  He did have a better chance being an immortal, but there was still no guarantee the sword was worth anything.  He shook his head.  He vowed to give it a try.
The next morning Marta had to practically pull Dorthan down the hall from their rented room.  He sat slouching at the table as she ordered breakfast.  She tried not to speak of Swill or the challenge ahead of them.  Unfortunately, Swill showed up early and pledged to be their guide.  Dorthan had to keep from rolling his eyes and kept silent.  He would have to deal with this boy sooner or later.  He had to put him straight as quickly as possible.  He did not need any more burdens.  Marta was already proving to be enough of a handful. 
With a smile Swill took their meager belongings out the door to his waiting horse.
 “It is a fool’s errand,” Dorthan grunted.
“You are an immortal.  You give yourself so little credit,”  she whispered.
“And what am I supposed to do with you while I am slaying the great beast?”
“Oh I am coming with you.  I cannot let you go alone.”
He scoffed.  “You are staying right here in this city until I return even if I have to hogtie you myself.”
“No, I am going with you.  You need me.  I will sneak out if I have to.  There is no stopping me.  I have made up my mind.”
He wondered how loud she could scream if he did in fact attempt to tie her to a chair and leave.  There was clearly nothing he could do short of knocking her unconscious, and finding any medicinal remedy for his opinionated problem at this hour was probably impossible.  She would have to come with him.
Without a word, they set out.  Swill and Marta led and Dorthan followed a pace or two back.  He was in a mood which was plainly visible even to the occasional passerby.  Marta did not mind.  She figured he needed to be alone for a time.  Some people were just cranky in the morning.
They joined a steady trickle of travelers who were all eager to get to the site and get their tasks over and done with.  The miserable group trekked onwards with few words.  Marta had to mask her excitement.  She knew Dorthan was going to be the one to get the sword and all the men and Swill would flock to his side and swear loyalty to him.  He would be their king and she would be his, well, friend or sister.  She was still working on that aspect.  At the moment, they were not on speaking terms.  She was just happy he allowed her to come with him.
The journey sent them out beyond the dry lakebed and down through a once very large tributary which formerly fed the lake.  Dry shrubs and large weeds now dotted the path where water had once ran in torrents. The canyon walls became taller and taller as they trekked deeper and deeper.  Almost akin to an upside down mountain, the walls were closing in fast the deeper they traveled.  The canyon walls were as tall as Marta had ever seen.  Into the shadow they traveled.  They deeper they trudged, the more the panic began to set in.  She was used to her wide open plains of soft glowing green.  The dry lifeless walls were just as bad and as the darkness indoors.
A large valley which still held a gulp of acrid stagnant water opened before them.  Swill called this the Gathering Pool.  As the steady trickle of travelers poured in, they began setting up small campsites wherever they found good space.    Here at the stagnant mire the harvest was collecting.  Already the first arrivals had roasting pigs on spits and tents set up with pots of coffee percolating right outside.  There was a feeling of home mingled with sadness and desperation.  Marta’s stomach began to churn. 
Swill led them to an opening upwind from the murky pool and began to set up a large tent.  “If you have no tent, you can always borrow mine.  It is spacious enough for several,” he commented.
“I do not expect to be here that long,” said Dorthan.
“Most people camp out for days then slowly but surely the campgrounds air out and there is nothing left but the tents of the deceased.”
“We do not have that long,”
Swill smiled, “Hoping to make it back before the immortals attack?”
“It is better than hiding in the crags like a coward.”  
“What happens to their belongings?” asked Marta looking around.  She could feel the tempers of the two men beginning to boil.  She had to change their direction.
“Most people bring friends or relatives who would take their belongings.  The others come with so little that what is left is up for grabs.  Many people come here for a way out.”
“A way out of what?” asked Marta.
Swill and Dorthan exchanged looks.  “To get a way out of life, milady.”
The thought had not occurred to her before that this was a good spot for suicides.  Her stomach knotted and she found herself suddenly even more depressed than she had ever been.  It was not as heroic as dying in battle or as innocent as dying in one’s sleep.  People had come to let the beast take their lives.  She felt immensely sick.
A loud scream echoed through the camp sending a chill up her spine.  It came from the great fissure just beside their tent.  The men around them grew silent for a moment as a small number of them began preparing themselves.
“Is that where the beast is?” asked Marta.
“Yes, that is the trail.  Just beyond that opening is where many of these men will meet their destiny.”
A sturdy man seemed eager to enter as Dorthan made himself ready.  Swill smirked as he recognized Cruim standing beside him.  This was his mark.  Not particularly bad, but no match for his mark, what was his name?  Dorthan?  
“Bring your wifey to see you perish?” the big man asked.
“She is my sister,” replied Dorthan.
“Then your mother will loose her first born this morning.  But have no fear, for I will enter the beast’s realm and cut off his head for you.”
“And how, pray tell, do you plan to succeed where others have failed?” asked Dorthan.  He hated arrogant people worse than hangers-on.
The man pulled from around his neck an amulet.  It was small and silver with a small blue sapphire imbedded in its center.  Wholly unremarkable as far as Dothan could tell.  He smirked at the token as the man casually stuffed it back into his tunic in against his skin.
“Had it blessed by a witch in Ardath.  People say she can cure any ill and reverse any wound.”
“Then it is a wonder she does not come and vie for the sword herself.  No, instead she sends a right oaf such as yourself to do her dirty work,” sneered Swill.
“And I wonder how much you paid for such a pretty piece of melted down flatware,” scoffed Dorthan sheathing his sword.
The man scoffed, a smile dancing across his lips.  Cruim seemed not to be as amused.
“Laugh well, my friend.  It will be the last laugh I will allow you before I become lord over all these lands.  There will be no need for your sword or tears from your sister’s beautiful eyes,” commented the man eying Marta with a depraved gaze.
Marta glared at him knowing he had not actually seen her eyes and their severe lack of color.  She batted her eyes at him and he quickly changed his tune.  He averted his gaze with a “No matter!” then off he trampled into the crevasse.  Swill scoffed.
“And you get right meat-heads like that here as well.  Personally I would prefer they go first.  They usually do, but some linger until the last minute then go in.”
About two minutes later a roar erupted which shook pebbles from their places and sent a shiver through Marta’s spine.  The man yelped then was silent once more.  Swill scoffed silently, eying the committee who oversaw the timing.  He had lasted a long while but may have stayed along the path for a time before attacking.  Their faces said it all.  All show and no go.  They tallied the time and hovered over their ledger.  It was the only movement in the camp.  The men near the pool had gone quiet.  No one seemed eager to give their lives this morning.
“I am going in,” commented Dorthan strapping his sword tightly to his belt.
Swill’s face changed rapidly.  “But you have not prepared.”
“I have faced death in forms than you will ever imagine.  There is no preparation that will secure any man’s fate.  If it is my turn to die this morning, there is nothing to be done that can change that.  Goodbye Marta.”
He bent down and kissed her on the cheek.  He turned on his heel and marched through the crack in the canyon wall and disappeared before anyone else could even object, not that there would have been much of an objection.
Marta sighed.  “I think I will go for a walk.”
“Don’t get lost.”
“Are you not coming with me?  You are my great protector!” she said sarcastically.
The thought was tempting but he had to stay for monetary sake.  He would have his time with her later.  “Unfortunately, there is nothing to protect you from.  All the creatures in this area are either eaten or driven away by the beast.  If you really want me to protect you from the shrubs and wild rocks, I will be glad to accompany you.”
“No, I think I would like to be alone for a while.  If I need you, I will scream.”
She picked up her bow and quiver and walked off further down the riverbed.  Holding her hand out, she set a small beam of her own energy to lead her down the path.  Shethra had clued her into this technique many years ago.  It was the only way she could navigate small rooms and now lifeless canyon walls.  He father had once likened it to a candle leading her through the darkness.  She had to take his word for it as she scanned the walls and the shrubs in front of her being careful of the changing turf.
She snuck around quietly after she was certain Swill had not followed her and joined Dorthan on the road.  He was fidgety, drawing his sword on her before realizing it was her.  He felt bad about that, but he knew that if she stuck around she would get herself killed.  A blind woman had no place hunting the fell beast especially when more able bodied men had just gone to their own slaughter for the quest.  He was more than annoyed.  
You must speak to him.  He will listen.
“Dorthan?”  Marta asked in less than a whisper.  “He is in no mood to talk to me right now.”
The beast.  Talk to the beast.  He will listen.
She ignored the voice, her constant companion all these years.  Was she crazy?  After all these years, she had finally sent her down the path of destruction.  It was madness to talk to a beast.  Just ask the animal to give its life instead of taking theirs seemed about as productive as talking to a wall.
At this point she was beyond a little frightened but knew better than to let on.  She could sense Dorthan was only moments away from sending her back to the encampment while he battled the beast by himself.  A nagging feeling in her gut made her feel that she had to trust Shethra, despite the ludicrous suggestion she had offered  Now what was she going to do?  She had to tell Dorthan and hope for the best he would not wash his hands of the whole mess.
“It is an intelligent creature,” she croaked.  Her voice seemed out of place.  It was too loud even with the soft whisper she used.  There were no birds and no wind.  All was eerily still as they trudged to her likely demise.  She eyed him hoping he had not actually heard her.  His reaction seemed as though he had not.
“I do not know why I am doing this,” he spat quietly.  “It is beyond folly, and you should not be here.”
“Perhaps if you just spoke to it.  It might listen”
“Speak to it?  Have a conversation?  I am not going to stand around and chitchat with the bloody beast as it tries to rip out my innards.  It is ridiculous”
“But you are immortal.  Surely it cannot harm you.”
“Nothing is certain.  This fell beast could be anything, a dragon, and you want me to talk to it.”
“Well nothing else has worked.  Do you think going in with swords drawn just like all the others will yield different results?”
“I do not know what to do.”
“Then trust me.”
He glared at her.  Already it was becoming troublesome having her around, or perhaps it was the stress of the situation.  She was overly optimistic which annoyed him to no end.  It was as though she knew something he did not, could see the future or something, but to speak to a beast?  It was as though he was being asked to talk to his horse or to his boot.  It would produce the same result either way, and she had said it so sweetly.
Yet the world was more than rainbows and butterflies and the faster she learned this, the better.  Then on top of all this, she was a bit on the strange side.  Despite her disability, she was odd.  She spoke her mind to men, volunteered him to come on this ridiculous mission without thought or hesitation, and he had heard her talking to herself on more than one occasion.  He wondered what he had gotten himself into.
They turned a corner and were met by  ripe stench which began to flow heavily from the path in front of them.  It clung to their skin and burned their nostrils.  Marta covered her nose hoping the stench would not be too much for her.  They slowed their pace.  Marta breathed slowly certain her breath would draw the creature.  She was being too loud.  Every step she took was too loud. Her heartbeat was too loud.  She was shaking.  Dorthan gripped his sword.  They rounded the last corner.
Nestled in a corner of the canyon with its back towards them crouched the creature.  It was a sight neither of them had ever seen before.  It stood on two legs hunched over the last of its victim.  Its skin was rough and patched similar in color to the red rocks surrounding it.  Its wide shoulders matched the curve of its two great horns curling out then down framing its powerful maw.  Teeth like razors shredded the meat from the last man’s bones which it gnawed like a dog.  It seemed not to notice as the two approached.
Dorthan waived her back.  Attempting to attack the beast as it ate and was unaware, he tiptoed close.  The beast was too quick for him.  Swiping with taloned fingers, Dorthan flew into the air and crashed into the canyon wall landing on a heap of carcasses.  The beast then turned its sights to Marta.


Chapter 9
“WAIT!” she commanded.  The beast stalked her like a cat, slowly moving forward watching her every move.  “I know you are tired of being hunted, but if you would just listen.”
The beast crouched down never taking its gaze off her wiggling its shoulders and flexing its claws.
“The reason my people pursue you is not because of you, but because of something you have.  There is a sword we must have.  If we do not get it, the immortals will overtake us and we will all perish.  We have only come to take it back.  We never meant to disturb you in your home.  Please, I know you must have ever so many swords and trinkets from your attackers buried somewhere here in the canyon folds.  If my companion and I could just look upon them, perhaps we could take the sword we need and leave you in peace.”
The creature threw back it head and howled.  Marta had to cover her ears with her hands to keep from passing out.  The intensity shook rocks from their places and created a fine dust that quickly enveloped the hollow.  Dorthan slowly stood drenched in aged human filth, drawing the creature’s attention.
“PLEASE!” she cried, drawing it back, “He will not harm you if I ask him, but you must understand, I cannot see metal objects and therefore cannot see which sword is the sword of Carthart.  I need my companion to help me.  And if we are successful, perhaps we can declare this canyon pass of yours to be sacred so that no one bother you anymore.”
The creature hunched lower to the ground sitting down on the ground like a well behaved dog.  It finally seemed to be listening.  Dorthan slowly approached Marta.  The creature recoiled but did not attack.  Dorthan was covered in old sticky blood and he reeked of decay but was uninjured.  Marta was relieved even though it was unnecessary.  She had to keep reminding herself he was an immortal and that it was impossible to kill him.
“Is there a place you dispose of the swords?”
The creature stood on its two back legs and walked past them.  It seemed an entirely different being at the time.  More doglike in its gate, it walked further up the pass then lead them around the corner.  There nestled in small landing was a cave.  Dorthan could not believe his eyes.  It seemed every sword from every would-be conqueror was piled at the cave’s opening.  There were other worldly treasures as well: hauberks, gold chains, talismans, shields, and guards of all shapes and sizes.
All Marta could see was darkness.
“I do not know how we will ever discern the true sword.  There must be thousands,” said Dorthan.
“Is there a sword of some great value, or perhaps encrusted with jewels.”
“Many are encrusted and even more are just old.  I do not know which one to choose.”
“Perhaps it does not matter.  If you choose a sword and claim it to be the one, who would deny you?  Just you coming back alive is proof enough.”
“We would still need the creature’s head,” the creature growled, “Not that I would.  I need a sword that is really beautiful.”
He examined the first pile and kicked the contents away from the top layer careful not to cut his foot off soon remembering that was impossible.  Nothing seemed to fit.  All were either unseasoned or rusted with ware, too majestic or not majestic enough, extremes from the most fine crafted bejeweled pieces, to simple farmer swords of brass.  Nothing seemed to fit.  He tossed another layer to the side scrutinizing every shape of every piece of metal.
Something caught Marta’s eye.  A strange beauty welled up from a shadowy pile of metal deeper in the cave.  It glowed, which meant it had life of some sort, but what kind of life she could not tell.  It was a faint color, green like spring grass and vibrant.  She staggered slowly forward to get a better look careful not to cut her foot on any of the other rusted blades scattered all over.  He watched her carefully.  He could see a strange look come over her face.
“What do you see?”
She knelt down and placed her hand upon it.  It was icy to the touch.  “Feel this.”
He touched it.  It nearly froze his finger but it did not burn.  Carefully he removed the layer of filth from it and pulled the sword from the pile.  The creature whimpered and slunk away from the cave opening.  A surge of great power overtook Dorthan’s body as the icy hilt immediately began to warm in his hands.  He felt invincible.  He could do anything.  No task seemed impossible.  His heart began to beat rapidly.  His breath quickened.  He was itching for battle and for blood though he did not know why.
“This is it,” he mused.
“May we take this sword from your pile?” she asked the creature.
The creature backed away and scurried down the path away from them.
“I guess that answers the question,”
“Is there a sheath?”
He pulled it from the pile and cleaned it.  It was unremarkable with only a fine filigree of silver dancing down one side.  He fastened it on his belt next to his own sword and sheathed it.  His body went back to normal and he was feeling his old self again.  The restlessness he had experienced vanished and he felt almost refreshed.
“Come, we must hurry for they will have already sent another to try his luck in my death,”
Marta followed and the two descended to the lower landing where the creature had resumed gnawing on the carcass of the last champion.  It barely seemed to notice them leaving.  She felt bad.  She had ever inquired the brute’s name.
Marta quickly made her way back to the encampment to await Dorthan in Swill’s tent.  Dorthan waited until he felt she was sufficiently hidden back where he had left her.  It gave her just enough time to slip through the back flap and enter.  It was empty.  She sat down on a blanket and collected her composure.  She imagined the shock his return would bring.  The tent flap rustled and in walked Swill.
“Where have you been?  I have been looking all over for you.”
“I told you I went for a walk.”
He held her in his gaze, the mark of suspicion clearly etched in his eyes.  She wondered what he was thinking.  She wondered if he knew.  She had to mask her giddiness and just smiled as anything.
"Did you hear the terrible roar of the beast?" he asked full of concern.
"Oh yes, I came right back when I heard it.  I suspect Dorthan will be on his way now." 
He smiled.  He liked simpletons.  She should be devastated in only a few moments.  He moved closer.  "How are you?  Are you all right?"
She nodded her head, smiling sweetly and trying not to laugh in his face.
He noticed she smelled horribly and her clothes were filthy.  He would have to ask her what she had been up to.  As he was about to ask, a great trumpet blast echoed through the valley.  She feigned surprise as she and Swill exited the tent.  Men were gathered all around Dorthan as he held up the sword.  She wondered if the others held him in as much reverence as she did.  Some were clearly taken aback by him.  Others looked more skeptical.  Swill’s mouth dropped as he stared at the man who held the sword high above his head.
The men rushed him yelling their praises and asking him questions.  He could not get a word in edgewise.  They carefully fingered the blade one at a time careful not to be killed by the famed blade.  No one really knew the power of the sword.  All were being overly cautious.
“Please, I will answer all your questions over a pint back at the inn.”
The men cheered again.  They slowly dissipated as his smile disappeared.  He took Marta over to Swill’s tent and begged audience alone with his sister.  Swill vowed to stand guard and proudly took up arms towards anyone trying to catch a glimpse of the now infamous hero.  He had just lost a fortune.  He had not yet paid the committee the entry waiving his fee for a sneaky double down on Dorthan.   He now owed the committee double the original bet and he owed it to Cruim of all people.  The one bet in which he never partook had just lost him all his winnings.  He cringed wondering how he was going to pay for his mistake knowing his man did not die.  Could he spin this?  His man was technically still alive.  What were the conditions now?  He had to think.
Marta tried to speak.  Dorthan lifted his hand, a drear look on his face.  “It will not kill immortals.  It will not even pierce my skin.”
Her face turned pale.  “Well now what do we do?”
“We have to go back to the city and hope these goblins are capable of being killed by this sword.”
Marta reached for it and slid her hand along its blade.  Her palm sliced almost as if she had cut it with a razor.  Dorthan nearly screamed as the blood dripped onto the ground.  His heart stopped for a moment as she eyed her own hand, blood streaming down her elbow.  It really did not hurt as bad as she thought it would.  He pulled her hand into a ball to stop the bleeding.  She pulled it away almost as quickly as she had sliced it.
“See if it at least heals,” she said offering him back her palm.
Dorthan could have killed her.  What if it did not work?  He held the hilt to her wound and it slowly healed.  There was no scar or even redness.
“Well at least that works.”
“That was a damn foolish thing to do!”
She hooked her arm through the crook in his arm smiling gently up at him batting her eyes.  This irked him to no end.  He swallowed hard trying not to yell at her for her impulsiveness.  He held onto the hilt of the sword trying desperately not to reach up and throttle her.  She was going to have to learn to be less impetuous.
“Well at least you have some time to think about what you are going to tell all those men waiting for you back at the inn.”
“Walk slowly,” he replied.


Chapter 10
“Tell us what happened!” the men generally yelled at random.
Dorthan had barely taken a swig of his ale before the questions started.  Marta mused he was quite enjoying himself.  The smile across his face was deceivious.  He was working on a tale to end all tales.  Even Marta  wanted to hear it.  The feeling they shared was more of relief and satisfaction now.  Even Dorthan seemed to be enjoying himself.  The long quiet journey back from the pool had cooled his temper.  He could think more clearly and felt immensely better knowing he could now be of some service to the army and the coming immortal storm.
“The beast stood nearly to the sky,” he started, “with rough skin, taloned claws, and a maw dripping with the blood of the men who journeyed before me.
“There I was standing toe to toe with the beast.  He swiped at me and I was only barely able to avoid his deadly claws.  I escaped to his cave and swiped the sword.  Then the beast hollered something fierce, then with malice in his eyes he lunged.
“I stabbed it only once.  The beast stopped.  Then in the blink of an eye, he turned to ash,  burning as if he were taken by the very fires of the underworld.  What remained of his body drifted off in the wind.  I tell you, there is no scrap of him except the refuse he left behind.”
The men sat quietly as Dorthan sipped his mead.
“He turned into ash?” asked one.
“As fine as powdered dust.”
A pin could have been heard hitting the floor.  Dorthan stifled his laughter at the fool men as best he could.  He sipped his drink slowly hoping the glass would hide his smile.  Marta was enjoying the show.  She beamed unmercifully at him, the proud sister.  He could not hold her gaze.  Her ridiculous smile was not helping any.
“Are you now going to assist the army here when the immortals attack?” asked a man in the back.  He was military by the looks of him, one of the men who had given up his commission to hunt the beast.  Hypocrite.
“I will,” he stated diplomatically.  “As you should, too.  Many of you would have fought an unknown monster.  Now you face down an immortal.  By my side, we will test the sword.  I hold no guarantees, however.  Immortals are a breed all their own, but I will try to vanquish our common foe.  Come victory or defeat, I will place my life against theirs to protect all that you hold dear.”
A few of the men nodded their heads.  Marta counted no fewer than twenty who seemed to agree.  The rest all eyed him curiously.  Their stares were varied between boredom, jealousy, and animosity.  They had the look of an angry mob just with out the aggression.  Their subtly was unsettling.
Swill on the other hand was shaking.  Being surrounded by his creditors, one in particular, he was loath to pay up when his man had technically survived the longest.  In fact, he was still surviving.  Marta noticed he was barely breathing.  Swill had to come up with something quick.  Cruim was going to be after him for one reason or another even if he could convince the council of the technicality, but Cruim was not stupid.  He was a coward and the lowest of crooks, but a thought occurred which might be a temporary fix to the problem.
“My lord,” said Swill caught up in his own little moment, “I told you I would vow my life to the man who would acquire the sword.  I stand by my word and offer my services to you.”
With a grand flourish, he was on his knee just at the edge of their table offering the hilt of his small sword.  His face was barely above the table top and to those sitting at it, he looked no taller than a small child.  The men around him snickered but his face stayed constant.  His resolve did not weaken as Dorthan raised his brow and scoffed a little himself.  Dorthan looked to Marta who seemed to believe how important this was to Swill.  Her face was full of hope.  He recognized a possible friendship and wondered if the boy could actually be of some use.
“All right lad, I’ll accept your sword, but you must promise to follow every order I give no matter how much you personally object.  If you vow your services to me, I will put you to work how ever I see fit.  No complaints, just work.”
Swill nodded almost reverently.  He stood and tried to stand closer to the table.  Allying himself with the brute of a man would make Cruim think twice about retribution.   Marta could see the ridicule in the men’s eyes as they glared and sneered at the young man, so far the only man to offer Dorthan his sword.  She pushed hard into Dorthan to move him a little.  She made enough room for Swill to sit down beside her.  She was small after all.  They sat fairly comfortably.
The men all seemed ready to leave at that moment.  His theatrics were far too much for them to bear.  The day was getting on and the men had to return to their ordinary lives or flee the oncoming immortal attack.  Everyone had preparations to make. 
Dorthan waited until the last onlooker left before he turned to his two comrades.  He bade them follow him to the rented room and shut the door cautiously behind them.
“I am staying for the battle.  The two of you will be nowhere in sight.  Your first command,” he spoke to Swill, “is to take my sister far into the great canyon and hide her there until the battle is over.  I will not have her anywhere near the battle if I can help it.  Do you understand?”
“Agreed,” he answered.
Marta was disappointed.  She had a bow and could shoot.  Why had he allowed her to follow him if he was not going to use her skills in battle?  Not that she particularly wanted to see anyone die before her eyes.  She understood that she was the weakest of the party, but worst come to worst, she could at least defend herself.
You must stay and see the immortals.  You must see what they do.
Shethra's words were all she needed.  She wanted to stay.  Now she had permission, sort of.  “I want to fight if I can,” she argued.  Both men eyed her with the same incredulous look.  She sneered back.
“I need you alive and safe.”
“I need to see the immortals.”
“Why?”
Marta shrugged embarrassed.  She was just beginning to trust Dorthan.  The jury was still out on Swill.  She could not just explain it to them both. She was pretty sure if she told Dorthan that she heard a voice in her head and she felt compelled to follow it, he would walk out on her.  She could only think of one answer, and it was a poor one, “You know, to make a comparison.”
“Make a comparison?" scoffed Dorthan.  "I am sure there will be time for that after the battle when we are all safe and sound.”
Sneak away from your sitter when the battle starts.  You must bare witness to their powers.
She agreed.  She pouted as best she could while formulating a plan to sneak away from Swill.  Not yet knowing where he would take her, she could only hope a good plan would surface when she needed it most.  She was counting on Shethra to guide her.  She always seemed to know what to do.
“And what after the battle?  Where will we go then?” asked Swill.
“Erath,” answered Dorthan without a second thought.  “That is assuming we all survive.”
“Erath?” asked Swill surprised.  He knew better than to deny his new master’s wishes, but he knew the immortals had obliterated everything there years ago.  It had been tragic, but what could he possibly want there?
“Erath is our next heading.  If you do not like our plan, you do not have to accompany us there.”
“Oh no, sir.  I will accompany you anywhere, but there is nothing left of Erath.  We will find no food or lodging.  Rumor is there isn’t even any silver left in those parts.  There is simply nothing there.”
Dorthan sneered.  “That remains to be seen.  Nonetheless, that is our destination, should we all survive.”
Swill slowly nodded his head and replied, “If it is my master’s wish, so be it.”
“Then I will leave the two of you to make preparations for our journey.  Go into the canyon the same place we awaited the fell beast and await my arrival.  If I do not show two days after the battle begins, leave me.  I will hold your oath fulfilled.  You need not follow my sister once I am gone.”
Marta scoffed somewhat hurt by his remark.  Swill seemed equally dumbfounded.  He was not necessarily a warrior, but he was at least a fighter.  A babysitter he was not.  It was a waste of his talents and abilities.  Although he wanted to impress his new master, he had much better things to do with his time.
“I will give you all day today to gather your things.  Tomorrow I want to you to go out before dawn.  Be prepared for anything.  Are you sufficient with a sword?”
Swill smiled as confidently as he could, “I have a fair bit of training.”
“As you wait, it would be wise for you to teach her something of the sword.  I have been too busy myself to teach her.  A girl needs to know how to defend herself.”
“But,” Swill started to make a comment about the fact the girl was blind but stopped.  He had promised to do what ever his master had wished, no matter how farfetched or useless.  He nodded.
“Good, off you go then.”
“And what are you going to be doing this fine afternoon?” asked Marta.
“I am going to seek out Barthas and see if I can lend any assistance.  He has quite an advantage being able to see the enemy approaching from all sides, but I feel the walls of the city are weak.  I mean to see what he plans to do to fix the problem.”
The two nodded in unison.  It was a really good answer and an even better idea.  Marta felt sick she was not going to be able to help in any way.  She was being sent to hide and wait and cower in fear.  Something about the thought made her skin crawl.  She gritted her teeth and bore it as well as she could. She smiled a sour smile at Dorthan as he gathered his things.  He smiled back, a genuine smile.  Dorthan at least seemed satisfied.  She would have to take comfort in that.
She grabbed her bag which held her savings and followed Swill out the door.  He moved too quickly about the place.  She could barely see anything.  The walls were made of clay, a lifeless form of dirt which blended in with the rest of the darkness.  She could only navigate the narrow streets by the people she dodged and from the direction they seemed to magically appear.  She bumped into several stout men who eyed her with the same nefarious gaze she had been getting from just about everyone.  They smiled eerily and allowed her to pass, and she could feel their eyes watching her as she went.  She was going to have to latch onto Swill and hope his heart was not as dark as the others.
Swill’s enthusiasm was beginning to draw on her nerves.  He was quick to answer and obey every command of her so-called brother.  She silently began to stew inside.  She had been so happy to have him as company at first, but a sneaking suspicion told her that perhaps the more was not actually the merrier.  He was quick to dodge her, and despite asking him to slow down, he seemed to be enjoying her growing concern with the men who were all around. After a while, he did at least allow her to hold on to his arm.  She squeezed it as hard as she could.  Maybe she could cause him some discomfort at least.
Marta resolved herself to grin and bear it. Things would work out somehow.  The battle was coming and she was going to see the immortals come victory or defeat.   She could defend herself if need be.  She did not need Swill or Dorthan.  She just hoped she did not have to prove this any time soon.


Chapter 11
The day flew by and all preparations were made that could be made which in the end were little.  The provisions they gathered were scarce.  The military had sent most of the transportable items with the women and children.  The cattle, sheep, and goats were on a slaughter at need basis.  There was little to buy and even less with which to make anything.  All the stores were near empty.  Swill bartered for some dried meat which was borderline inedible and stale bread originally meant to be fed to the pigs.
Dorthan, true to his word, enlisted and completely surprised Captain Barthas with his ability with the blade.  He was instantly chosen to lead the northern flank, the flank most likely to be attacked first.  He met the men he had been elected to lead.  Nearly all were skeptical of his leadership, and only a few were in awe of his strange sword.  Many had asked to be reassigned.  Those who asked were successful replaced with men Dorthan had seen vying for the beast's sword.  They seemed loyal enough.  In the end, he felt that only about a quarter of his men truly resented him.
Marta sulked as pathetically as she could around her brother.  Swill ignored her every wish and kissed up to Dorthan as often as he could.  She thought he was trying to gain favor with Dorthan who was in and out all day.  They even seemed to share in little jokes, some at her expense.  She glared and glowered  at the both of them at every chance.  Their company was beginning to irritate her, but she knew Shethra would come again soon enough and show her the way.  She had to remain calm.  She had to hold her temper.  They could smile at her and tease her for being a helpless female all they wanted.  In the end, she was going to see the immortals if it was the last thing she did.
“Barthas’s scouts believe the goblin army to be in the five-thousands.  He expects them around tomorrow evening.  I want the two of you out as soon as you’ve had your breakfast tomorrow morning.”
Swill nodded reverently as though he thought his mission was actually important.  Marta rolled her eyes in the most contemptuous way she could and stared at the floor.
“I do not know why you pout.  It is your life I am protecting.  You should be grateful.”
“I can fight,” she complained.
Swill scoffed taking her chin in his fingers and positively laughed in her face.  She gritted her teeth.  “Women,” he proclaimed.
Dorthan was not amused.  “She will be a handful.  Are you certain you can watch her?”
Swill looked offended.  “Of course I can.  She is just a child.”
Martha kicked him hard in the shin.  She had lost all love for him at that moment.  Considering there was already little love between them, she felt it was no great loss.  He fell to the ground whining and crying like a baby.  Dorthan glared at the both of them.  
“You are both children.  Get off the floor.”
Swill staggered to a chair and moped.  Marta stared out the window overlooking the busy town square.  The night grew dark and Dorthan allowed Swill to stay in their room for the night.  She did not get any sleep and was surprised Dorthan did not as well.  As Swill began to gently snore in his chair, she had to confront him.
“I can fight, why do you insist I retreat?”
“You are worth more to me alive.  I cannot risk your death for anything.  As good a shot as you are, you have never seen battle.”
Before she could reply, a sharp sound rang out through the city.  The bells were tolling.  Men ran through the streets with torches.  
“They’re early.  Damnable scouts! The goblins are already here!”
Marta’s body went cold as she realized it was about to begin.  Her body trembled as Dorthan began barking orders to Swill.  Marta did the only thing she could do.  She grabbed her bow and arrows and followed the two from the room.
The streets were crowded with people running around like madmen.   Dorthan pulled his companions into a nearby alleyway as he frantically tied his sword to his belt.
“Get her out of the city!  By any way possible!”
He turned and pushed through the crowd not waiting for a response.  Swill grabbed Marta’s arm.  She pulled resisting him, but he was too strong.
“It is for your own good.”
“And what is good for you?  Will you be a slave to his every whim for the rest of your life, or will you stand up now and be a man?”
She pushed him as hard as she could.  His hand released and she fled.  She could still feel his grip on her arm.  She rubbed it as she ran.  It was going to be a sore spot for a while, though she did not care at this point.  She waited for Shethra to take over her thoughts.  Finding a small space between two large empty casks, she hunkered down and waited, watching all the men hurry about in every direction.  Then she saw Dorthan rallying his men to the far left.  He would spot her in no time.  She had to run for it.
She could barely see where she was going.  The crowd was thick but she could maneuver around the people in the open courtyard easier than she could any manmade corridor.  All around the swarm of bodies glowed red before her eyes.  Everywhere else was pitch.  The morning was still new.  The sun had not yet come up, not that it would be much help.  She knew she had to force her way to the walls and see for herself what she was up against.  It had been the last thing Shethra had told her to do.  She wondered now where her companion was.  It seemed odd she was not there telling her everything she needed to do.  How typical for Shethra to make her find her own way.
The great outer wall loomed up in front of her.  It was some twenty feet tall, and all along its top were men with bows in hand all jostling to get a place. She had to get up there herself.  She traced the wall to its staircase and followed the men up.
“Women and children down below!” shouted a man grabbing Marta’s arm and throwing her down a few steps.
She jumped back and glared at the man rubbing her arm.  It was the same one Swill had latched onto.  It was too dim for the man to see the lack of color in her eyes so she kept her head steady staring back at him with as much malice as she could muster.   Her face portrayed a ferocity where her eyes would have failed her.  He stared back at her with a strange sense of confusion creeping over his face.
“I am no woman.  I am an archer, and right now you need more archers than you need women cowering down in the depths of your city.  I will fight, and I will die trying if it comes down to it, but I will not fail you or flee my post.  Now assign me someplace or I will assign myself.”
The man had clearly never been spoken to like that by anyone, especially not a woman.  Marta brushed past him throwing off his hand as he tried to stop her again.  He lost balance for a second then caught himself as she hid amongst the men.  The tower guard rubbed his head in confusion but did not make to pursue her.  She smiled as she took her position between two hulking archers, bows poised at the ready, their eyes set on the darkness beyond the walls.
The view of the valley would have been impressive even in the dim morning light had she been able to see anything.  She could barely make the outline of the dark brownish green rocks.  Shoulder to shoulder with curious men she readied her bow and watched for the first sign of trouble.  There was none as far as she could tell.  There was darkness all around for miles.  The canyon walls gave off no light for there was no life with in them, the sky above as well.  The faint green glowing shrubs and cacti were the only points of interest.  She stood and waited while watching for any sign of movement.
“So what do you think, milady?” asked the man to her left.
“I do not know what to think.”
“Aren’t they the ugliest things you’ve seen, miss?”
She stared at the man who had his sight fixed on a point out beyond the walls, on his face a mixture of fear and disgust.  Everyone else’s eyes were drawn outward in the same direction.  She followed their gaze.  To her amazement, a large cactus in clear sight crumpled as though something had kicked it.  Then slowly the dying green mass was crushed into pulp and its gentle green light vanished into the oncoming darkness.  It was then that she realized the darkness was moving.  It surged with precise action.  It was marching.  The darkness was marching.  She stilled her breath as she realized the goblins’ essences were black and as dark as death.  She swallowed hard and readied her bow.
“What do you mean you lost her?”
Dorthan’s anger was rising.  He had given him only one command and he had already botched it beyond recognition.  It was an outrage, and if it had not have been for the fact there was about to be even more bloodshed, he would have shed Swill’s blood then and there.  He was furious.
Swill was afraid.  He had been given an order and was now feeling the wrath of the man who had given it.  Needless to say, he figured his tenure to be a short one.  He could barely look at the massive hulk of a man to whom he had unfortunately pledged his sword and life.  He knelt down before him knowing this should be his end.  At least he would not have to take any more ridiculous orders.  Already it was becoming tedious.  That girl was a menace.
“I have failed you.  My neck is yours to break.”
Dorthan did not have time for this.  “Enough with theatrics!  Go find her and get her to safety!  I will deal with you later!”
Swill ran off before Dorthan could change his mind.  He was livid.  He stormed towards the north hoping to meet up with his flank.  An explosion stopped him in his tracks.  The entire wall was missing, and where it had been was nothing but dust.  Men scrambled from its devastation as more pieces of the wall fell.  It became eerily quiet as no one had a clue as to what or who could have done this.
“Immortals!”  shouted Dorthan trying to get the men back into some semblance of order. “To weapons!”
More men fled than picked up arms.  He assembled a small group as the first wave of goblins breached the hole in the wall.  He was struck speechless by them.  Naked from head to toe and as short as children, their snarls and growls could be heard echoing through the fortress.  They fought nasty, hewing people down at the knees, but they were clumsy.  They had no formal fighting style.  Hack or be hacked he realized, so he lunged for them.
Swill had just turned the corner when the explosion surprised him.  He turned back to see if anyone he knew was injured just as the goblins began to pour in.  They were beastly creatures, feasting on human bodies still half alive.  He gripped his sword and quickly began to back away.  Men began to fall left and right at the beasts’ rusted swords screaming as the creatures began to devour their flesh.  He wanted no part of it.
“Going somewhere?” called an all too familiar voice behind him.
It was Cruim.  Swill sneered, “Come to pay up?”
“Pay you?  Your man did not live the longest.  In fact he did not even die!  What’s the sport in that I ask you?  You think that just because you sided with some big ugly brute of a man who has a supposedly enchanted sword that I would not still be guaranteed my rights? I won the elder bet.  Hand over my money.”
Swill gripped his sword and drove it through the man’s chest.  “You have your payment,” he sneered as his body fell to the ground.
Goblins began running down the avenue towards him.  He leapt out of the way sprinting down a side street.  He had to get out of that place with or without his master or his sister orders or not.
A bit startled, she came too on the opposite side of the courtyard.  Her thoughts swam and there was a fierce ringing in her ears, but otherwise, she was unhurt.  What she had seen had been remarkable.  In the middle of the dark swarm were two figures.  A man on a horse shone bright red as any human would.  The other horseman was the same color as Dorthan, yet his color shone brighter than any other hue Marta had ever seen.  He was like a beacon of shimmering light.  Then out of nowhere it came.  Like an extension of his form, the light shot out from the immortal’s outstretched hand and blasted the hole in the wall.  It was similar to Marta's ability to barely see in dark rooms, but the immortal's powers were precise and much more powerful.  If it had not been so amazing, Marta would have ducked and ran for cover.  Others tried, but it was too late.  Bodies littered the ground around her.  It was amazing she had survived at all.
Firm hands gripped her as she was still realizing the mess she was in.  Swill had her and he swore aloud he was not letting her go, not for her sake but for his.  His neck was on the line.  With a few choice words he pulled her towards the streets as the throng got larger.  She shoved and pushed to no avail.  Both his hands were firmly gripped on her shoulders.  He was not letting go this time.  She could not fight him.  Her head was fuzzy, and frankly, it seemed the best choice to let him lead her.
Then more hands grabbed them both and pulled them down.  Swill pulled his sword before Marta even knew what was going on.  A goblin was dead at their feet before she could stand back up again.  They were surrounded.  The goblins were moving fast towards them.  Swill cut three down as they ran.  A group of soldiers hewed down the rest as they made their exit through the streets.  Double backing and finding a quiet place to hide, the two hunkered down and watched.  Goblins and humans fell as the immortal and the horseman stood by and watched.  They seemed to be having an animated conversation neither one really paying attention to the fight.  The human was almost on the verge of laughing as the immortal seemed to fume.  His energy was steaming from his body in massive arcs.  One by one he shot a jet of power at fleeting men unbeknownst to his human companion.  His fingers worked quickly as though he did not want his companion to see.  Their conversation continued as the immortal’s hands shot out his essence taking down man after man right in front of his companion.
Why was there a human not being destroyed by the immortal?  Were they friends?  It was impossible to think there was any human capable of witnessing the destruction of his fellow man, yet there he was.  It made her stomach crawl.  He simply sat there on his horse and watched.  She hated him.  
Then she realized she could easily take him from her vantage point.  Slowly she nocked an arrow and took aim.  She let the bolt fly before Swill could stop her.  The arrow flew true and made directly for the man’s chest.  It burst into flame at the bidding of the immortal.  The human looked shocked as the ashen pieces fell to the ground.  An elderly man passing in front of the opening caught the attention of the immortal.  It was clear both he and his human friend thought the man had sent the bolt.  Marta cringed.
The immortal jumped down from his horse and approached the man.  Jets of energy engulfed the man’s ankles as he fell to the ground screaming in pain.  It was clear the immortal was gong to break every bone in the man’s body beginning at the bottom.  The man writhed in pain begging for mercy.  His cries echoed over the surrounding noise of the battle.  Marta could not bear to hear his cries.  She knocked another arrow, hoping this one would put the man out of his misery.
A blur flashed between the immortal and his prey.  Dorthan had joined the fight.  Marta helplessly watched the old man trying to pull himself to safety. The immortal focused his energy on Dorthan whose strange matching glow only increased as the immortal tried to break Dorthan as well.  It was Marta’s only chance.  She leapt forward and haphazardly began to pull the man from the scene as the immortal’s energy bore down on Dorthan.
“You’re an immortal?” the immortal asked.
Dorthan raised his sword knowing full well it would do nothing against the man but he tried anyway.  The sword merely tapped him on the shoulder not even tearing his clothes.  Dorthan swiped once more to no avail.  The two stood and stared at one another not sure what the other was thinking.
“What are you doing?” asked the immortal impetuously.
Dorthan lunged at the horseman still seated on the horse who simply watched the fray. The immortal seemed outraged at the gesture and redoubled his efforts. He blasted Dorthan sky high with one well placed blow.  He then turned back to the elderly man and seeing Marta, he scoffed.
“You will not save your father, girl.  Come, run away with the others of your kind while I finish him.  It will be easier that way.”
She clinched her teeth.  A thought crossed her mind.  The immortal used his life energy in the same way she used hers.  She could do that.  She was certain of it.  She did not know how or why she had these powers, but she knew she could do the same damage as the immortal.  Surely this would not be that much different than what she already knew how to do.  She had to try.
“He is not my father and you will not touch him again.”
“Back away girl.  I am giving you only one chance.”
She stood firm gathering a ball of light into her hands.  His powers gathered much faster and he blasted her backwards into a shop’s wall.  He turned again to the man she had been trying to help.  He was begging for his life.  The immortal had no mercy.  He resumed with renewed vigor rolling up the man’s calves as though they were parchment.  His bones cracked and crunched as he screamed.  She knew he could only have focus for one person at a time.  She did not even wait for the ringing in her ears to stop before she charged him, tackling him to the ground.  The immortal did not fly as she had hoped he would, but he did at least fall down.  Swill charged to her side and pulled the man to safety as she stood tall, albeit shakily, waiting for the immortal to take her.
The anger on his face was nightmarish.  He glowed with such an energy she had to squint her eyes.  It blinded her with every forward step he took.  She shook with terror hoping he would end her quickly.  He lifted his hands to kill her.  She lifted hers and screamed.
A power she had never felt before left her body as the immortal flew far into the air and hit a wall twenty feet behind him.  His horsed companion seemed surprised but made no attempt to pick up his call.  He sat on his horse and eyed her curiously.  With a wink and a gentle smile, he spurred his horse casually back through the opening.  The sun had now risen over the canyon walls and the battle seemed to be coming to some sort of  conclusion.
The immortal pulled himself away from the rubble and glared at her.  Much of his energy seemed to be gone but he was gathering again as he dusted himself off.  The remaining goblins rushed to his aid.  Marta began to back away slowly as the immortal blasted the goblins from his path.  She tried to gather the red life in the palms of her hands one more but it was no use.  She could barely make out the essence in her fingers.  They were ice cold and loosing light fast.
“Come here, girl.  You will not do that again!”
She turned to flee as the immortal sent the goblins to capture her.  A massive earth shaking roar filled the ruble strewn streets.  The early morning sunlight was blocked momentarily by an awesome shadow.  A dragon had come from somewhere unknown, and with one mighty breath from its maw set the entire flank of goblins on fire.  Everyone stood gawking at it as it circled back and took out another flank of goblins as they tried to flee.  The shadow of the beast passed over them and the immortal vanished into thin air.  The goblins, seeing their leader vanish thus leaving them behind, made for a quick retreat though the opening in the wall.
Dorthan commanded the men to pursue.  Several of the larger men followed hewing down as many as they could get their swords to.  The dragon flew off as quickly as it had flown in.  Dorthan watched it shaking his head in disbelief.  He stumbled to the small group as Marta knelt by the elderly man’s side holding his hand.  Tears were rolling down her cheeks.  Dorthan’s color was not as vibrant.  He seemed drained.
“Do something,” she said.
The old man was fading fast.  He had to act quickly.  Dorthan removed his sword and placed the hilt in the man’s palm.  The sword grew hot in his hand.  The man shut his eyes.  His breath stilled.  Dorthan was too late. The sword, he realized, could only heal wounds of the living.  There was no cure for death.
Then the man’s color slowly began to return.  He opened his eyes looking about the place a bewildered expression in his eyes.
He turned to Marta who still held on to his hand and said, “I’m hungry.  What’s for breakfast?”


Chapter 12
“So you are telling me the sword does nothing?” asked Barthas as the men assembled in the quiet backroom of the tavern.  Only a handful were present, only the most important people.  Marta stayed quiet, as did Swill.  Their presence was secondary to Dorthan’s.
“It will kill goblins and probably humans as well but immortals it will not.”
“Then what use is it?”
“It cures people,” said Marta quietly.  “It cured the old man in the street and many more after the battle was over.”
“Then what good is it in battle?  Unless you want to head the triage units, I do not think the sword’s place is anywhere near a battle situation.  We will have to get you a useful sword before the next battle.”
“Next battle?” asked Dorthan.  This was chewing into his plans.
“Yes.  These goblin creatures, as hideous as they are, are ridiculously easy to kill.  It makes sense to follow after them and kill as many as we can.  Let us show the immortals we will not just lay down for their hideous creatures.  For the first time in hundreds of years I believe we have the upper hand.”
“Yes and now that the immortals have seen their creations are useless, they will come after us with an even greater weapon.”
“Like that dragon?” commented a man in the back of the room.  “Where did that blasted thing come from?”
“It did not come with the immortal,” said Dorthan.  
“He was afraid of it.  He vanished just as it was circling back to blast more of those goblins,” said the man.
“Then we should go after it,” said another from the rear.
Barthas and Dorthan exchanged the same incredulous looks then turned in unison to the man who had made the comment.  “And what would that accomplish?”
“We could kill the dragon and fortify our swords in its blood.  Maybe the immortal was right to be afraid of it.  Maybe that is the key to killing these immortal beasts.”
The room went silent.  Dorthan sighed.  “That makes no sense.”
“Well there has to be something that can kill the immortals.  I have never heard of an immortal being afraid of anything, and I tell you, he was afraid of that dragon.”
There was a quiet but still audible movement in the crowd.  Many of the men seemed to think this was a great idea.  Marta looked to Swill who seemed to be as confused as she was.
Follow the dragon.
Marta’s jaw dropped.  Surely Shethra was joking.  The blood ran from her face and her extremities.  Swill thought she was about to pass out. Her face went pale and her breath stilled.  Her whole temperament changed for some reason.  He wondered if she felt well.  He placed his hand upon hers.  The warmth had drained and it shook somewhat in his grip.  He had to watch her to make sure she was breathing. 
Her head snapped back to the conversation at hand.  She could not think clearly.  How was she going to voice Shethra’s opinion?  She was flummoxed and flustered and beyond mortified.  Surely she did not hear her right.  She kept her mouth shut and did not say anything.  The men in the room seemed to have come to a stalemate.  Some wanted to pursue the dragon, others wanted to pursue the goblins, and some wanted to do nothing at all.  The meeting was becoming ridiculous.
“Well I am going to Erath.  There is something I need to investigate.  I will leave you all to your own fates,” said Dorthan.  It was his last and final word.
Follow the dragon.
Marta squirmed in her seat as he looked to her for reassurance. She gave a half smile that looked more like a wince, and her face went pallid.  Dorthan wondered if she felt well.
“Surely you know there is nothing there, friend,” said Barthas.
“Yes, I am repetitively reminded of that.  Thank you,” he grumbled.
“And what does the lady wish to do?” asked Barthas.
By now all of the city had heard of her strange new ability to blast immortals to the sky and live to tell the tale.  It was a fete even she could not quite understand, but it had happened and now she had her own band of followers, none as obnoxious as Swill or as dedicated, but admirers nonetheless.
She could take it no longer.  She looked to the ground and found no peace in its darkness.  She had to tell them.  “Well I think there has to be a balance, doesn’t there?  I mean, we cannot kill immortals, but we can kill dragons and immortals are afraid of dragons, so maybe dragons are the key.”
Dorthan’s jaw clinched.  She could see it from across the room.  His face was turning a deeper color of what ever color he was.  His fist sat clinched on the table as he stared at her with as much hate and discord as he could muster.  There was nothing for it.  She had to say it, the sooner the better.  It was Shethra’s opinion and now, by proxy, hers as well.  She might as well own up to it.  She sat higher in her chair and spoke as clearly as she could.
“I think we should pursue the dragon.”
The room went dead silent.  Dorthan stood and wordlessly tromped out of the room not even looking at her.  Swill gaped at her stupidity trying to stifle an uncomfortable laugh.  She felt horrible.  She excused herself from the room and followed Dorthan up the stairs.
“You go which ever way your heart desires.  Our alliance has come to an end,” he growled as she entered their room.
“Dorthan, please listen to me.”
He fumed.  He could not even look at her.  She had betrayed him in front of everyone.  She had not only embarrassed him but defied him. Did she think he was actually going to follow her advice, change course midstream because she thought it was a good idea?  He shook his head.  He had had enough of her.  They were through.  There was simply nothing more to say.
She felt terrible.  She understood his embarrassment in her.  She was embarrassed herself and ashamed.  She did not understand Shethra’s option any more than he did.  Tears began to fall down her cheeks.  She sobbed at the edge of her bed as quietly as she could.  She was such a disappointment to him.  She accepted this, but would he really just leave her there?  She felt miserable and foolish.  There were no words she could use to express her regret.  How could she make him understand that she had known and trusted Shethra since before she could remember and even before she met him?  He had to understand there were powers beyond her control leading her to her destiny which also led her to him.  They had to be in this together.  She could not do this without him.  She had to tell him the truth.
“I have to tell you something, something you will not understand.”
“You have nothing to say that I would want to hear,” he replied smoothly.
She was unsure how to proceed.  Nothing she could say he would listen to and no words could ever convey what she had experienced her whole life in a way he would comprehend.  Perhaps it would be easier to blurt out what she had to say, just get it out in the open.  
“I hear a voice in my head.  She tells me what to do.”
He scoffed and turned to face her.  “Are you mocking me?”
“No Dorthan.  I promise you I am not.  Her name is Shethra, and I assure you it is not a name I would have made up for an imaginary friend.  She is real to me though I have never seen her.  She told me where to find you and also to follow you.  She told me you were immortal.  She told me to come with you on this journey.  She even taught me how to use the powers I have to hunt.  You know I cannot see the same way you do.  She has given me a way to cope with my disadvantages and become something.  I would have been abandoned if it was not for her.  And now she is telling me to go find this dragon.  For better or for worse, I have to follow. She has never led me astray.”
“To what end?” he asked.  “Why does this Shethra want you to pursue this creature?  To prove yourself?  Because it will not benefit anyone but yourself.  And how many men will die in pursuit of it?  It is madness to follow the advice of a woman who now apparently hears voices in her head.  I am sorry.  I cannot go with you.”
“Please Dorthan,” tears began falling rapidly from her eyes.  She could barely see, and she could not breathe.  Her heart was breaking.  She had planned to stay with him forever as ridiculous at it seemed.  He was leaving her to the wilds of the unknown.  She was frightened to say the least.  She did not know what to do.  
“I cannot do this alone.”
“Oh you would not be alone.  How many men have vowed to hunt down the dragon by your side and at your bidding?  Several hundred I should say.  No, there are quite a few men down there who would travel with you.”
“But what of their intentions?  You have been good and kind to me and I have kept your secret. I trust you.  I cannot so easily trust anyone else.”
“Why not?  You trusted me.”
“Because Shethra told me to.”
He scoffed, “And what does your precious voice tell you now, hmm?  What words of wisdom does she offer?”
Marta remained silent.  “It does not work like that.  I cannot command her to speak.”
Dorthan shook his head.  “It is ridiculous.  You promised we would go to Erath.  Now I am going if you are not.”
“But do we have to go right now?  Surely it will still be there after we hunt the dragon down.”
“And after that if your Shethra tells you to so something else?  How many times will you choose to postpone it?  Will it not take but a few days?  Why will you not come with me to Erath first?”
“But you are an immortal and have the rest of eternity to go back to your home.  I am not.  I am being told to hunt down the dragon.  For good or for ill, I have to follow her guidance.”
“Then go hunt your dragon.  I will send Swill to look after you.”
She shook her head.  Her sadness was beginning to wear off and now an anger was growing in her.  “What do you think you are going to find there anyway?  There is nothing there, everyone knows this but you.  Is there some great secret there that only immortals know?  Is it something you are trying to hide or some weapon to use against us that you are trying to discover?  What is your plan?  Do you even have a plan, or are you just here as a spy for your immortal friends?” 
That was the last straw.  Her change in mood had changed him from sympathetic on the border of him considering changing his plans to outright not going to do anything she would ever ask of him, ever.  She clinched her teeth expecting the worst.  She did not know his powers, if he had any.  She realized she had crossed the line, but she did not care.  She knew he was not a spy.  He was an immortal not by choice.  He was still a human at heart.  
“I am not a spy.  I have not chosen this life.  You would have me cowering to your every silly request, change course midstream to suit your wildest whims.  No, we agreed to go to Erath.  Now I am a man of my word even if you are not a woman of yours.”
His words hurt.  There was nothing she could do as he departed from the room with all his belongings.  She sat on the bed weeping into her hands.  She hated herself and Dorthan and Shethra.  She hated the situation that dragon had put her in.  She was so angry she was certain she was capable of killing the dragon with her own bare hands.
Determined, she vowed to set off on her own adventure.  She needed no one, not Dorthan and certainly not Swill, his cowardly step-and-fetch-it. She would go with those men, her comfort and security be damned.  Surely someone would be looking out for her best interest beside herself.  It was a time to meet new friends, make acquaintances, and get into trouble.  Heavens knew she had never gotten into any trouble.  It was about time she had.  
She forced herself to smile.  Adventure she had set out to have and adventure she was going to have, even if it killed her.  The thought exhilarated her and terrified her to the point of madness.  She hoped it was the right call.  She vowed to trust Shethra in all her infinite wisdom no matter how ridiculous her request.  She had gotten her this far and had never led her astray.  Surely this was the right call.  She was going it alone.  She was doing the right thing, wasn’t she?


Chapter 13
Captain Riel sat in Lord Nathair’s office.  He was not alone.  Orcan was, as always, lurking in the corners.  This time he had said nothing to him for he knew quite well the two of them had both been summoned to the same meeting.  Only once before had Ferdor been asked to meet Nathair in his most ostentatious office.  That had been on his promotion to captain which had been a great day.  This meeting, however, was to discuss the unheard of defeat at Carthart.  He had never been defeated in all of his career.  His father had never been defeated.  His father’s father had never been defeated.  He sat quietly awaiting his imminent and painful death.  
Nathair floated in noiselessly; the only sound was the door opening.  Ferdor sat silently as the immortal sat opposite him across the opulent marble desk which always seemed to be empty.  The gray desk sat on a polished marble floor which matched the marble walls and ceiling.  It was a formidable room, the grayish white standing in contrast to the blood red tapestries hanging on the walls.  It felt as though the walls were bleeding which was never a good feeling.   Formality, Ferdor thought.  Nathair conducted meetings according to whom he was meeting.  Humans, though rare, were met in this formal office which would generally remain dormant throughout the year.  
Nathair eyed the two suspiciously over intertwined pale white fingers.  “I see you are still alive, Captain.  It is well enough that Orcan did not kill you I suppose.”
Ferdor shifted uncomfortably in his seat.  Orcan paced uneasily in the rear of the room somewhere out of sight.
“Tell me,” continued Nathair a smug look of distaste crossing his face, “What happened at Carthart?  Were the goblin armies as ridiculously useless as I had imagined?”
His words were a surprise to Ferdor who could only remain silent as Orcan stormed to the front of the room pounding his fists against the table glaring directly at Nathair who sat unmoved.  
“It was the blasted traitor immortal’s fault!”
“Immortal?” he asked surprised.  “There was an immortal there?  Tell me who was it?”
“Blast it!  I did not know.  An infant if you ask me.”
“Tell me, Captain Riel, your thoughts on this immortal.”
Ferdor thought for a second as Orcan brushed past him to redouble his pacing in the rear.  “She was small, red haired,”
“Not the woman!” shouted Orcan stomping his way to the desk again.  “Tell him about the immortal!”
“I though she was an immortal.  She gave you quite a shock though did she not?”
Orcan turned in a huff and stomped back to the rear of the room.  
“Tell me of this woman then, if you would,” said Nathair nodding his head slowly eyeing Ferdor with a casual grace.
“She was small, almost frail.  She blasted Lord Orcan into a building with the flick of her wrist the same as I have seen you yourself do this many times, my lord.  It is why I mistook her for the immortal.”
“The immortal was a man, tall and broad shouldered, dark hair!” screamed Orcan from the back.
“And was he the reason the battle was lost?”
“Well, regardless of the dragon attack, I think the battle would have been lost anyhow,” commented Ferdor.
“Dragon attack?” asked Nathair, his attention seemed to be piqued.  He gazed at Ferdor suspiciously then looked to Orcan who was for some reason keeping his mouth shut.  Ferdor slowly shifted in his seat choosing his next words carefully.
“Yes my lord, the dragon swooped in just as Lord Orcan was about to blast the girl for blasting him into the building.”
“I was not about to blast the girl.  I was under strict orders not to use magic!” he yelled from the back of the room.
“Did he use magic?” asked Nathair returning to his coy curiosity, a devilish smile crossing his lips.
“Only to protect me.  You see, there was an old man who had sent an arrow in my direction.  Lord Orcan, per your orders, protected me from its path.  He then punished the man who sent it.  This was when the girl intervened.”
“Then the dragon attacked.”
Ferdor nodded.
“Despite the dragon incident you say the battle would have been lost anyway. Why is that?”
“The goblins are, in my opinion, too blood thirsty and too savage to be able to do any real battling.  They were too eager to eat the flesh of their victims than to protect themselves as they ate.  Most were slaughtered whilst snacking on their first kills.  Furthermore, they do not fully kill their prey before they begin to eat them.  Many were killed by their own human entrees.”
Nathair seemed appalled staring at Orcan with pursed lips which surprised Ferdor.  He tsked twice then motioned for Orcan to approach his table.  “Your goblins do not kill their humans before consuming them?”
Orcan sneered at Ferdor but said nothing.
“Good lord man, even a remote sense of decency would have a creature kill their meat before eating it.  Vultures and hyenas even kill their prey before eating and they are the basest of creatures.  Your creatures are, as I had suspected, the foulest creatures I have ever seen.  They are a menace even more disgusting than the humans who they have been bred to kill.  I have half a mind to destroy those who remain in your keep and banish you for your unsavoriness.  However, I see your creatures are indeed all male and are most certainly not immortal so therefore I will tolerate their being here until their numbers run out.  You will not make any more.”
“Yes my lord,” growled Orcan.
“In fact, I find your creatures so despicable I feel the need to be rid of them sooner than later.  You will take the remainder of your foul things into the Irion Mountains and have them dispose of the creatures there in the forests and mountain passes,” here they had a private internal conversation wordlessly.  “You are hereby removed from Ardath and all its comforts.”
Nathair waived his hand and Orcan vanished.  Only Ferdor remained staring helplessly at the man who would undoubtedly end his life in just a few seconds.
“This defeat will be heralded through the lands.  No doubt the Carthartian armies already march to war upon our steps.  They will be slaughtered easily, though.  I want no man left alive.  In the meantime, I believe the free peoples will soon hear this news and will be encouraged to try their luck against our armies.  I say we give them a show worth dying for.  What do you say?”
“You mean I am not fired?”
“Fired!” he laughed.  Ferdor was still on edge.  He was not amused by the man’s enjoyment at his expense.  “ No my boy, it is Orcan and his ridiculous ideas who is fired.  He knows our history and knows the consequences of conjuring up a new species.  He thought he was careful this time, but here we are.  His goblins are useless and incapable of fulfilling the very task they were meant for.  No, you performed admirably.  In fact, you did exactly as I asked you to do.  I cannot fault you anything.  Now go and get our armies ready.  The battle comes to Ardath field.  You must be prepared.”
“Yes my lord.”
“And have lords Repnost, Rhordyre, and Bolfa join your efforts.  They have been dying to kill some of your kind.”
Ferdor tried to hide his disgust.  Those three were not quite as bad as Orcan but they came in close behind.  “Yes my lord.  Will there be anything else?”
With a flick of his wrist Ferdor found himself just outside the barrack’s door.  His stomach churned and his body had gone weak.  He was about to have to go inside and tell his men that once more they were going to have to fight and kill many of their own.  It was a sad fate, but what else could he do?
He hated himself.  Even on his short walk home he could not even look at himself in the mirrored pool.  His frequent haunt since childhood, he avoided it more and more as he aged.  What was he going to do?  How could he look his wife and sons in the face and tell them every thing was going to be all right?
For them it would be all right.  No harm would come to them if he just stayed his course, but at what cost?  He felt his life slipping away.  His soul was leaving.  He was a coward and a murderer, and it was all about to get much worse.  He was becoming like the monsters he hated.  It was killing him, literally eating him up inside.  He had vomited blood on more than one occasion.  His stomach was constantly on fire.  He gripped the tonic the beggar woman had given him.  Always ready by his side, it was his drink of choice which he concealed in a leather flask under his uniform.
It was late.  The lights in his house were extinguished.  He entered his front room and was welcomed by the smoldering embers of the dying fire.  The house smelled like cooked meat and boiled potatoes.  There was plate left under cheese cloth awaiting his return.  The sight sickened him, not that his wife’s cooking was terrible.  She was actually an accomplished cook amongst her peers.  He could eat nothing.  His stomach screamed.  He clinched his fist against his abdomen.  He reached for his flask and took a swig.  The lukewarm mixture watered his eyes, but the minty concoction soothed his stomach as he rounded the stairs.
The house was quiet.  He opened the door to his sons’ room and waited to see them both breathing under their covers.  Bastian was not the problem.  Being only twelve, he was only just now sowing his wild oats.  Silas, on the other hand, had snuck out too many times before.  The fifteen year old was becoming quite the handful.  
Ferdor was not stupid.  He knew the moment he shut the door his eldest would be up and out of the house before his own head hit his pillow.  Out with his friends one or two more times before he would have to join the armies or become an apprentice.  Give him his last feeling of freedom before the world swallowed him whole.  Maybe he would turn out to be a better man than Ferdor.  It may one day save his life.
He snuck into his room.  Dara was already fast asleep.  He undressed as quietly as he could not to disturb her.
“You reek of mint.  I could smell it on you as you entered the door.”
She sat up.  He could never get anything past her.  She lit the candle she had on her bedside table and watched him.  After all these years she was still beautiful.  He cringed.  She deserved better.  She could escape this place, take the boys and leave.  No one would be the wiser.  She would be free of the misery he brought home every night. 
He sat down on the bed.
“Is your stomach still troubling you?”
“It is better now.”
“Have you eaten?”
“I’m not hungry.”
She eyed him suspiciously.  He shook his head.  “We got news today an army from the south marches upon our lands.  They will be here in a few days.”
Slowly she nodded her head.  He knew she understood what this did to him.  He shook his head likewise.
“What are you going to do?”
“What can I do?  I have to slaughter them at the lord’s request like all the rest.”
“Then do it and get it over with.  Take them quickly.  Maybe it will not hurt as bad.”
“And loose more of my soul? They are as innocent as you or I.  We do not fight these men for land or misdeed.  They march for a free land, for our freedom as well as their own, for freedom from tyranny, and they will be slaughtered like cattle.”
“But there is nothing you can do, so do your best.”
His heart sank.  Her words were not the ones he wanted to hear.  
“We could leave.”
Her face turned to horror, “You know we cannot.”
“But we could.  We could even join their army.  We could fight for the right side for once.”
“And be slaughtered.  Is that the fate you would have for us?  To be killed by our friends in front of all of Ardath?”
“It is better than dying inside.  It is better than having your soul ripped from your body by the hands of the immortals who only keep us to do the work they cannot.”
“You would choose to be hunted down by your own men?  They would be forced to kill you.  What would that do to them?  They look up to you, seek your guidance.  No one wants to do these things.  It is our lot in life.  Have you not gotten used to that by now?”
“Used to selling my soul?  Used to murdering my own people?  When will it ever stop?  When I am a hollowed shell of a man as callous and unfeeling as the lords?”
“You must think of your children.  Are they not worth your soul?  Am I not worth your soul?”
He sighed.  She always wanted to take the safer road.  “Are they not old enough now?  We could run, all of us.  The boys are not children, they are growing men.  What kind of men are they growing into when their father murders innocent people at the behest of the immortals?”
“There is nothing to be done.  Even speaking about such things puts us at risk.”
It was true enough.  The former captain of the guard was incinerated in the street for heresy.  There had been no proof, just word of mouth.  He was trapped.  He could not leave for fear of being hunted.  Deserters were prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law.  On execution days, the women and children were told to stay at home for fear of the gruesomeness.  Anyone foolish or selfish enough to leave his family behind would have no family to come home to if he ever had the notion to return.  Dara could leave. She had nothing to stay for.  She could run and be safe.  Yet he knew she would not leave him and he could not put their children at risk.  They knew the ramifications of running; his family would suffer one way or the other.  There was no way out.
“Come to bed.  Tomorrow is another day.”
He gave up.  He was tired.  His stomach was beginning to burn again.  He knew if he continued to argue they would eventually wake the entire neighborhood.  
He crawled in next to her.  She wrapped her arms around him to snuggle.  Her skin was boiling hot, but he knew better than to push her off.  He blew out the candle and lay there in the darkness.  
His thoughts returned to that girl, the little redhead who had showed Orcan the meaning of pain.  A smile danced across his lips.  If she could only return and do that again.  If only she could save him from the torments the lords put him through.  Who was she?  What was she?  So long he had dreamt of a free Ardath where he could raise his boys to be honorable men.  He had no honor.  He was a coward and a pawn.  He hated himself, but that girl gave him hope somehow.  He could not understand it.  He wanted to see her again.  He wanted to see her powers again.
Slowly he drifted off into a deep uncomfortable sleep.


Chapter 14
In two days the preparations had been made.  The whole time Dorthan had not spoken a single word to her.  No one had.  Even Swill kept her at a distance.  She was fully aware he resented her.  He hated the thought of having to watch out for her.  It was not what he had planned to do.  She could only offer pitiful smiles at either of them hoping Dorthan would change his mind and Swill would act kindly to her.  Needless to say it did not work.  Dorthan grew more and more distant and Swill remained as indignant and unforgiving as he possibly could.
 She did not want to let on how uncomfortable she was with the whole ordeal, but there was nothing she could do.  The time had come and she knew she only had hours to spend with Dorthan before he parted from her for perhaps forever.  Terror stricken and unsure of herself, she gathered her things and went down the stairs to confront her admirers and the accompanying party.   She could only hope she could spy Dorthan one last time.  He had been no where in sight all morning.  He was avoiding her like the plague.  Even Swill did not know where to find him, or else he did and refused to volunteer the information out of spite.  She would not put that past him.
 Her heart sank as she realized he may have already left without her.  How could he do such a thing?  It was unfair to not even say goodbye.  She turned to mount her horse hoping to get a better view from its saddle.  A hand stopped her offering her assistance.  It was Barthas.  She tried to mask the disappointment in her face.
“Your brother is in the stables,” he said with a wink hoisting her up onto her horse.
She smiled back at him allowing a rogue tear to fall midway down her cheek before turning from him and riding off.  Sure enough, she found Dorthan tying the last of his small bags onto the side of his horse.
“So many things for a man who needs nothing,” she commented softly.
He would not even look at her.
“Are you excited about your trip?” she asked sheepishly, her throat caught and she could barely make out the last of her question.
“There is little to be excited about,” he murmured.
Her face went hot.  “Will you not even look at me?”
He turned only to glare at her with a seriousness in his eyes.  It was not the parting he wanted, but he knew she would not be swayed any more than he would be.  He fastened the last of his bags and turned to face her head on, clinching his fists together making his chest puff out.  It was a move he remembered doing with his men.  It always seemed to intimidate them, and even though he was not trying to intimidate Marta, he did not want to let on how uncomfortable she made him.
“What will you have me do?  You will not be swayed and neither shall I.  There is nothing more to say.”
His words sent an icy chill through her spine.  She was both angry and saddened.  She could hardly think straight.  The only thing she could do was to get out of there before she said or did something she would latter regret.  She pulled her horse around and left the stables.  She could not stem the flow of tears from her eyes this time.  She rode slowly hoping her heart would heal enough before she rejoined the others who would follow her.  She did not want sympathetic stares or any words of comfort.  She wanted to be left alone, as alone as she could be in the company of so many men.  She would put on a brave face the likes of which would fool Dorthan from afar.  She would only show him fierce determination.  She would appear as though she did not need him or even care that he was going the other way despite the fact she desperately wanted him to go with her.
She met Swill who ignored her presence and the two of them rode to the front of the lines.  Before she knew it, the company was off on their adventure.  She took one last look behind hoping to see if Dorthan had followed her.  He did but stopped at the end of the city.  She smiled and waived at him hoping to show a fiercer force than she really was.  He could not look at her and her ridiculous smile.  This infuriated her to no end.
Swill nudged her hard enough to nearly push her off her horse.  She rebounded back and hit him square in the shoulder then turned and gave one last smile towards Dorthan as he turned towards the northwest away from them.  Marta feigned being comfortable aligning herself with nearly an entire regimen of men she did not know hoping to irritate Dorthan as he watched her leave.  She almost wished he had allowed Swill to accompany him.  She was sick of them both.  She had shed too many tears over the likes of them.
Her air of confidence was staggering.  Dorthan had half a mind to follow her just to see her confidence falter, not that he wanted to witness her cry anymore.  He had already had enough of that in their room and again in the stables previously.  He watched as their group marched off.  She was on the only white horse riding stately next to Barthas followed by the fools who would follow her.  She rode with selfish pride.  It was just like the princess she thought she was.  It was fitting considering the air of importance she had adopted.
Swill pouted the entire time.  He was irritable.  His master was leaving him for some fool notion in his head.  Erath.  Of all the desolate and useless places he could have chosen to go.  It was haunted and cursed.  No man would ever tread those paths who did not already have a death wish, and because of this ridiculous notion, he was now a babysitter again, even as well trained as he was .  It was appalling.  More than that, it was embarrassing.  He decided he would have to ditch her for his own life as soon as they were well on their way.  She had been right about one thing; it was time he went out on his own, promise or no.
With as much grace as she could feign, she calmly spurred her horse to lead the charge right beside Captain Barthas.  He had chosen to go after the beast and leave the rebuilding to the women and the youth of his army.  His plan was to drive forward with as many able bodied men as he could.  The only place for a dragon to go was towards the mountains.  The mountains meant Ardath.  If anything, they were going to slay the dragon and hope for the best as they marched upon Ardath and their whole army of immortals.  It was the only way for them to test any fool hearted theory of what could kill an immortal and what would not.  He knew, having seen it with his own eyes, the strange powers the girl possessed.  She had blasted that immortal to the high skies.  She had announced she was going after the dragon.  He was going to follow her lead.  There was something special about her.
They departed.  Some two hundred men followed Barthas and Marta.  She convinced herself that everything was going to be all right.  Dorthan, on the other hand, was shocked to see just how many men were following that fool plan of hers.  There were many ways for that girl to get into trouble.  He could not think about it.  She was young, half blind, and possessed some sort of strange magic.  His gut told him he needed to go after them and watch and wait for any sign of trouble. He clinched his jaw knowing she may have been right.  What would be the trouble if he monitored her for a few days?  She had been partially right about the sword.  What was the harm in following just to be sure?
He begrudgingly spurred his horse in the group’s direction and followed a half day behind.  He easily picked up their trail for there was no easy way of hiding the tracks of some two hundred men.  He would watch out for her from a distance for a while.  Hopefully he would not have to come to her rescue.  Then, once he was certain everything was going to be all right, he could go about his own business.  He had a sinking feeling in his gut, however, that things were not going to go as smoothly as they had planned. 
The night grew on and they did not stop.  This was a good sign, the more idle time Barthas allowed, the more trouble the men would get into.  Marta tired easily having not being accustomed to the jostling and bumping of the horse but remained firm.  Swill remained silent.  Barthas remained on high alert.  Dragons were one thing.  Marching on the front door of Ardath was quite another.
They made a quiet camp just after midnight with no campfires.  The horses were kept fully loaded.  Only the provisions to stave off hunger and thirst were passed around.  Marta noticed her portion was somewhat larger than the men’s.  Barthas seemed not to notice, but Swill certainly did.  He began to mouth off trying to embarrass her in front of those who would listen.  No one else seemed to care much to his chagrin.  In order to stop his mouth running, she shared what she did not want with him hoping to sway his poor mood.  He only glared at her.  
Swill could not understand why the captain was making such a fuss over her.  She was just a female, just as helpless and useless as all the rest.  True she had some sort of magical powers, but what were they compared to the might of the entire immortal race?  She was an amateur and an amateur he had to babysit.  The more he thought on it, the more he stewed inside.  He kept his mouth shut trying not to speak to her knowing that if he did, he would surely say something brash, rude, or downright insulting.  She was a waste of his breath.  He set his mind to ignore her, and if something did happen to her, he would simply have to tell Dorthan there was nothing he could do.  With Dorthan not being there, it was a simple lie.  She would have to fend for herself from now on.
In the darkness of her tent, she could only stare into the void and wonder.  She missed Dorthan.  She hoped he found whatever it was he was looking for when he arrived at Erath.  Maybe he would change his mind before he got there, turn around and ride hard to return to be by her side.  It was a fool’s hope, but it gave her courage to think he would.  Barthas had done well keeping the men away from her, but she could still feel their eyes watching her in everything she did.  It was just not the same without Dorthan.  Besides that, he was the only immortal they could test their dragon blood swords against.  No one else knew his secret, but she had no clue how else they were going to test the theory.
Dorthan camped far upwind of the scouting parties.  He could not make out where she was.  He hoped he would not have to come to her rescue the first night, but she had Swill and Swill had promised to serve him no matter how ridiculous the request.  If he failed again, he would have the wrath of Dorthan to deal with, and it would not be pretty.
Truth be told, he was really beginning to feel as though the girl was his sister.  She was kind and had really wanted him to go with her.  The more he thought about the events of the last few days, the more he resented not going with her.  If what they all said was true, if there was nothing at Erath, then what was the point in going there anyhow?  It was beginning to make less and less sense.  But he would give it a few days before deciding which path he would take.  For now, he was scouting the scouting party. They were really not that good at their jobs.  Sitting around shooting the breeze was not Dorthan’s idea of keeping watch.  He would watch them all night and hopefully not have to bail them out in the middle of it.
Just minutes had passed before the first watchman fell asleep.  The others had quieted down and were not making quite as much of a ruckus.  The camp beyond them was still dark.  Dorthan wondered what Barthas was hiding from.  There was no one and nothing in sight for miles.  No one lived in the desolate plains.  The ground was too hard, the water brackish, and the dragon would not hunt them in the night.  It seemed a bit overkill.  The only threat lay still miles ahead at Ardath.   If they just  stayed their course, there would be no reason to even mention the word.  Ardath was the most dangerous place any of them could fathom finding themselves.  It was north west towards the mountains they needed to be traveling.  Frankly, it was beyond Dorthan why Barthas had not chosen to travel at night.  It seemed a far safer route to take than crossing into Ardath in broad daylight.  As far as he could tell, immortals could see as well in the dark as humans, which in the end was not very good.  There was no special trick to his eyesight that he could tell, but how would he mention that to Barthas without revealing he was himself an immortal?
In the end, it was Barthas’s excursion, and maybe he had some other plan up his sleeve.  Dorthan was already well aware much had changed since his last excursion into these lands.  Maybe Barthas did know something  he did not, a secret path or some sort of cover that would hide two hundred men.  The land was already becoming rocky, a prelude to the towering barren peaks of the mountains, but the rocks would not be enough cover them all and would be more of a nuisance underfoot.  At best, the random boulder would hide one or two bodies.  There would be no way to hide the men in such staggering numbers, but perhaps Barthas was going to sneak small groups through as the Riverfold forest began to rise off the mountains.  
The trees of Riverfold would no doubt cover many men, but before they got that far they would have to hide in the shade of the medium sized oaks that, as far as he could remember, merely dotted the plains just before reaching the Red River.  It was not sufficient enough cover to hide so many.  But then again, maybe the reaches of the forest had grown beyond what he had known.  If the forest had grown, maybe they stood a chance.  The staggering pines were the same as around Erath.  They were massive and could hide many men well, but only if the forest had grown.
Then there was the river.  It poured with water collected from the Irion Mountains and as far as he could remember it raged at all times.  They would reach the mountains in a day and a half after they crossed the Red River.  It was the no going back point.  It was the border of Ardath.  It cut between the plains and the Riverfold forest beyond, winding its way up to the gates of Ardath which sat overlooking them both.  One could see the fortress from miles away.  It was set high on a hill overlooking the forest and rolling plains jointly.  They would be seen with or without tree cover.  The immortals who lived there would surely slaughter them the moment they came into view.  It was a risky move but there was no way around it.  Ardath had to be entered from some direction.
It was going to be a new territory and a new set of worries.  Having partially defeated the immortal and his army at Carthart, they were no doubt keeping an eye out for Carthartian intruders. It was definitely the direction they needed to head, but getting there with so many men seemed to be a daunting task, and if any man slipped or even drowned in the river, their body would be washed right to the Ardath portcullis alerting them to their presence.  It was a mad and daring plan as far as Dorthan could tell.  He just hoped Barthas knew exactly what he was getting himself and his friend into.
Just as the sun arose and the scouts began to stir, Dorthan noticed it, a large silhouette set against the purple morning clouds.  The dragon was awaiting them.  Twice it swooped just into view.  Its violently red scales cast an eerie red glow into the shadowy sky.  It appeared as though fire itself had awoken in the quiet atmosphere every time the beast swooped and dove throughout the clouds.  Alarms were called and quickly the men around camp began to awake.  The scouts rushed back as though their pants were on fire.  Dorthan watched the dragon and a great awe overtook him.  The creature was the largest and by far the most graceful thing he had ever seen.  It was a pity it would have to be slaughtered.  Such a wonderful creature surely deserved a fate more than it was about to receive.
The men were up and chasing the beast before mid-morning.  They had been in such a hurry they had been ordered to leave all their belongings behind with a small group of soldiers who had volunteered to stay.  They pursued the dragon with the might of a retreating army.  It was not how Dorthan had envisioned the morning.  He could not shake a sinking feeling in his gut.  There were too many men and they chased the beast too haphazardly.  They were surely going to provoke the Ardathians to battle before night fall.
Closer and closer to the border the creature flew.  Marta rode as fast as her little white horse could carry her.  It was an amazing sight.  The creature it seemed was toying with them.  As the sun rose to its full height, it continued to swoop in and out of the clouds leading them with a steady pace over smooth terrain.  The journey seemed to be all too easy.  For Marta, she felt deep in her heart something was amiss.  The creature was clearly leading them someplace but where?
The large pines loomed in the distance.  For a time the creature was nowhere to be seen.  The men stopped and watered their horses at the Red River.  A great precipice loomed over them casting shadow in all directions, the last of the caprock.  To the east was Ardath, its fortress eying them cautiously, its great golden field spread out like a welcoming blanket of death.  This was where many armies had lost their lives and their freedom.  They steered clear of the fortress camping in silence beneath the shade of the cliffs along the river which led to Ardath's front door.  To the north west was the mighty forest Riverfold.  Dark were its trees, so dense and so tall there was barely a scrap of light to be found.  Neither place seemed inviting or remotely welcoming, so the men rested as best they could at the river’s edge for a brief period on high alert.
A loud roar echoed through the trees and off the great cliff wall.  Pebbles were shaken from their resting places and the branches of the trees trembled as though they were frightened.  The men looked up in time to see the  beast soaring high above them.  Out of the forest it flew back up and over the precipice.  It was so close one could count the scales on its underbelly.  It flew so low it kicked dirt on the men enticing them to follow.
“To arms!” shouted Barthas as the men regained their composure. They flew to their still tired steeds and began climbing back up the rocky walls to battle their foe.  Marta quickly mounted only to be stopped by Swill.
“You are not going anywhere.  Dorthan bid you to stay safe.”
“And a sitting target is far safer than perusing the beast with some two hundred men.”
She kicked him hard in the face bloodying his nose as she rode past him.  Furious, he mounted his steed determined to see her maimed or injured before the day was through, even if he had to raise his sword to her himself.
The crowd was a mess as she arrived.  The beast was toying with them again swooping at them and snapping at their horses.  Not once did it charge with maw open to scorch, but it did knock over a few horses sending its rider tumbling and horse to hysterics.  It seemed almost to be enjoying itself as a cat played with a mouse before consuming it.
Dorthan could not believe what he was seeing.  In broad daylight, the Carthartians chased the dragon in full view of the castle of Ardath.  It was reckless, and he could not believe their audacity as the Ardathians were no doubt watching them foolishly try to bring the beast down.  He shook his head.  He should have known better than to let his friend leave with Barthas who apparently was not as valiant a leader as he had previously thought.  It was a damnable thing to be doing, but there was nothing more that could be done.  He could only watch as the ridiculous men chased the dragon as children raced after butterflies with nets cast above their heads.
The creature turned and ascended. When it beat its wings, the down force threw the fully grown men in all directions.  It beat down upon them all, its massive size coupled with its awe inspiring beauty rendered Marta thunderstruck and unable to move.  It was beginning to fly higher and higher out of sight.  It was now or never.  She had to stop it from flying away again.  She knew she could hit it though no other arrow had been able to pierce its thick hide.  Marta stopped and fetched an arrow.  Quickly she breathed her essence onto it and let the bolt fly.  It hit the dragon square in the wing and went through.  The dragon howled and changed its course.  Its nose was now pointed directly at her.
Swill galloped off in a panic.  Marta’s horse bucked and she found herself horseless and winded by the fall. Shouts and screams echoed through the afternoon air as she tried to gather her composure.  Her mind swam, and all she could think about was that the creature was so beautiful.  It soared with an undeniable grace that took her breath away, and the color was so similar to Dorthan’s but not quite the same.  Was this really the answer, the weapon to use against the immortals? 
The great beast was not stopping.  It dove right at her.  She gazed into its eyes at it approached.  Jaws opened as it flew towards her.  With each beat of its massive wings, the men fell and were thrown as if they were nothing more than scraps of paper.  Closer and closer it flew with wisps of smoke and flame wafting from its nostrils.  It hunted her, its steady eye always on her.  Its glare never wavered as it picked up speed.  Faster and faster its roar echoed over the mountains.  She could feel its hot breath against her skin, hotter than any bonfire.  It snapped its jaws shut.  It was going to ram her.  She closed her eyes awaiting the impact.
Its hind legs hit the dirt with a massive thud.  Its wings flew forward pulsing a blast of hot air towards her as it leapt back into the sky once more taking flight.  The rush of hot wind blasted her straight off the cliff.  The scales of that strange color she could not define were her sky.  It blocked out the sun as she fell from the precipice.  It flew over her in a torrent of white hot heat and energy.  It was the last thing she was going to see before going to the great beyond.  Down she fell.  Her skin burned hot even as she fell away from the beast, down into the freezing cool water of the Red River below.


Chapter 15
Dorthan watched helplessly as the small young woman, his friend, plunged over the cliff and into the river below.  He was not alone.  All the men had seen the poor girl fall to her death, shocked and stunned at the unfortunate turn of events.  The dragon was gunning for her.  It had turned tail the moment she had fired her arrow, so far the only one to hit the mark.  It turned so abruptly taking time to get a good wind then it dove for her.  There was nothing she could have done.  Marta could only stand there and watch as the great beast overtook her.  Then it flew off as though her life meant nothing, a game won and a broken toy to be discarded.
Dorthan ran over followed by Barthas then Swill.  The river was raging.  There was no sign of her, not even an arrow dashed upon the rocks.  He furiously gripped his sword so he would not deck either of his companions, but a surge of adrenaline overtook him and he swung at Swill anyway taking him down with a single blow.  Swill’s limp body slid down the embankment, and Dorthan was not far behind.  He lifted the man and placed his sword hilt to his chest.  Swill awoke in an instant and Dorthan could feel the boy shaking in his grip.  He was going to continue to pummel the man until his immortal fists bled.  He raised his hand to strike again releasing his grip on his sword to grab Swill’s collar.  The adrenaline ceased was quickly replaced by pure anger.  Swill fought against his grasp fully aware of the madness in Dorthan’s brain.  He had just lost the man his sister.
“Swill what have you done? You were supposed to protect her!”
“From a damnable dragon!  How?  Who am I to protect her from her own arrow and her ridiculously lucky shot?”
“It was more than luck.  She was the best shot I had ever seen!” 
He tore away from him rushing to the water’s edge.  There was nothing to be seen.  Ripping off his clothes he dove in.  The water was cool to his skin but not icy.  Barthas dove in as well but the water was too cold for his human skin.  Instantly he began to flounder.  His head went under and his body stiffened.  He was drowning.  Dorthan swam over to rescue him.
They made it back to the shore.  Coughing and sputtering, Barthas ordered the men to make a proper camp there by the water’s edge.  Dorthan dove back in much to the dismay of Barthas and his men.  He was going to keep diving until either the cold overtook him or he found her lifeless body while Swill watched silently at the water’s edge wondering how his mere stamina was keeping him alive.
The evening came swiftly, and soon Dorthan had no choice but to cease his search.  It was not the cold or his will.  He was not tired.  He could simply not see.  It was an imperfection he wished he did not have. He trudged out of the water and noticed the men scurrying around left and right.  Ropes had been drawn, and the river was being dredged.  Up and down the river for miles they began to search still keeping well out of eyesight of the castle at Ardath.  It was all they could do.
His tent was made by the waterside.  He was greeted warmly by Barthas who stalked around a weathered map.  Dorthan sat on the bench eying it.  His body soaked, he dripped into a pool of water on the floor.  Barthas seemed not to notice the fury in Dorthan’s face.  The whole situation was off.  His friend had died and it was partially his fault.  Barthas and his lack of planning was also to blame, and Dorthan could not even look at Swill who had turned tail and ran for his own life forsaking Marta to the wrath of the dragon as she plunged into the depths of the icy water of the river.
“Such a waste,” commented Barthas idly eying the map.
“Such a damned fool idea to chase after a dragon in broad daylight in eyesight of Ardath Castle.”
“We were ill prepared, I admit that, but nothing could have prepared any of us for that dragon turning and gunning for her.  And how did she even fire that arrow?”
Dorthan scowled.  It was Marta’s secret, a secret he would take to his own grave since she took his secret to hers.  He could not even look at Barthas.  He was too honest a man for Dorthan to be angry with him.  He had always seemed genuinely concerned for Marta and the look of sadness on his face showed he truly meant what he said.  Barthas shook his head.  Dorthan stared at the floor.  The dragon had made directly for her.  He knew there was nothing he or anyone else could have done.
“We have to keep looking for her,” choked Dorthan quietly as a soldier entered with a tray of food and coffee.
“We will have scouts watching for her all along the river.  For better or worse I want to find her body.”
“Spare no one.  Search day and night.” Dorthan announced as a hot cup of coffee made its way into his hands.
“We will not leave this spot until we know for sure.  We have weeks of resources at our disposal.  We will find her.”
Dorthan nodded.  He hated this whole situation.  He should have forced her to go with him to Erath.  He should have never allowed Swill to be her guardian.  Even as he sat listening to Barthas prattling on, Swill sat there looking bored.  Dorthan fumed.  He wanted to drown the man. 
“We have troops assembled here, here, and here,” said Barthas pointing out the places on a map. 
Dorthan was going crazy.  He wanted to be in the water looking for her but was instead delegated to organizing search parties.  Swill seemed to be enjoying himself.  Dorthan brooded, grating his teeth until his jaw hurt.  
“She is dead.  What are we going to do with her body when we find it?  Burry it?  What’s the point?  Just let her rest in peace,” said Swill eying the map cautiously.
The two captains stared Swill down.  He felt bad enough having been beaten in front of all the men who knew he was her guardian while Dorthan was who knows where.  She was not all bad.  He never wanted her to die.  He sank in his chair.  If she was dead, which was likely, it would be more a disrespect to disturb her in her final place of rest than to pull her from the dregs and burry her away from where her soul left her body.  It was unnatural.  Besides, what would they accomplish with her body anyhow?
“You would have had her killed days ago,” said Dorthan.  “You resented her, wanted her out of the picture.”
“No I assure you I did not!”
“Gentlemen, please.  Arguing in such a manner will not bring her back,” commented Barthas.  “It is a shame, really, but we do have to look towards the future.  She chose to come on the quest and hunt the dragon down in hopes of finding a weapon that would kill immortals.  Now what we have to do is decide whether this excursion is really worth it.  She died in pursuit of the beast.  How many more will fall before we bring it down?”
“And how do we know this idea of hers will work anyhow?” asked Swill.
“I think we have heard enough from you for one day,” commented Barthas returning to the map.
Dorthan stewed.  He had not been there for her when she needed him most.  His memory was all he had of her and her death would not be in vain.  She had chosen to come here by the orders of Shethra.  So help him, if he ever found the person responsible for the voice in her head he would kill her.  Yet this was the path she had chosen to take.  He had to trust her.  Lords knew he had not trusted her thus far.
“I am going to find that bloody dragon and kill it with my bare hands if I have to.  It was the path Marta had chosen, and I will finish it for her if it kills me.”
Swill nodded his head, “I will get our things ready.”
Barthas and Dorthan exchanged looks.  The boy was already treading a fine line.  The look on Barthas’s face told Dorthan this was his problem to handle. 
“And where do you think you are going?” asked Dorthan.
“To get our things.  Thorn in your side or no, I am your servant.  I swore to follow you through thick or thin.”
“Then I order you to jump off the cliff and drown yourself.”
“If it pleases you, my lord.  Perhaps the direction of my body will show the path Marta’s took.  Then you can pull her from her watery grave and burry her in the sand.”
Dorthan reached for the young man but he was too quick.  “You mock me, boy?”
“Not at all, sir.  But if it be your wish that I should die, then at least have the decency to do it yourself.”
“Don’t tempt me.”
“Then it is settled.  I will gather your things.”
He left in a hurry.  Dorthan was frustrated and ready to leave.  “Do I have your men at my back, or is the end of the road?”
“It is not my decision to make by myself.  I will have to talk with the delegate captains to see how they feel.  We are only just now getting our supplies from our last camp.  We will have to start hunting.  Our men consume quite a bit of food, and our location cannot be seen from Ardath.  We are in a perilous situation.”
“What would you do?”
“I would find that dragon if only to avenge the poor girl’s death.  But I did see the fear in that immortal’s eyes when the beast fell upon him.  There was a real fear there.  If we could but harness it, it would be a real turn around.”
“Do you think it will work?”
“We have tried everything over the years.  Something is bound to prove true eventually.”
Dorthan sighed.  “I hope you are right, brother.”
Barthas smiled.  “She was not your sister, was she?”
He was shocked.  How had he known?  He made to pull his blade on the man not knowing his intentions.  Barthas lifted his hands as a sign of friendship.
“All I know is that if my sister had chosen to go the other way, I would have dragged her with me.”
“She volunteered to follow me.”
“As Swill volunteered?”
“That was different.  I wanted her to come. There was something special about her.”
“I know what you mean.  She is magic, how ever possible that is.  It is true.  If she said she was preparing to walk to the moon, I would somehow not put it past her.”
Dorthan smiled.  “Magic and a little crazy.”
“Oh we are all a little crazy.”
“It is different, though.  For as long as I have known her she has struck me strangely.  And considering I have not known her all that long, I don’t know.  She is like the light in my darkness.  She just seemed to lift the heavy burden from my shoulders the likes of which I never knew was there until it was gone.  And now it is back again, slowly suffocating and darkening my world with every hour she is gone.”
“Hope.  She gave you hope.  She did the same to me.  But the light will come.  Her death will not be in vain.  There will be good in her passing.  We may not see it now or any time soon, but it will come.  She died believing there was good in this world.  It is time we found it.”
A warmth filled Dorthan’s heart.  He had to turn from Barthas who made it a point to not look at him.  He could have damn nearly kissed the man for that, but he would not weep for his friend in front of the man.  He gasped trying to keep the pain inside.  Holding his breath he waited until the feeling passed then looked to Barthas who was only now looking at him.  He had to say something, something poignant, something true to Marta.
“She heard voices in her head.”  It seemed like a brilliant thing to say at the time, but the second it came out of his mouth it immediately painted the picture of Marta being different.  He clinched his fist.  It was not the picture he wanted to paint of her.
“Really?  And what did they say?” asked Barthas curiously.
“It told her to follow the dragon.”
Barthas nodded his head reverently, “Well in that case my decision would be to follow that dragon.”
Dorthan smiled which strangely made his heart ache more in his chest cavity.  He sipped the coffee in his hands trying to find something else to say, but in the end, the silence proved to be more welcoming and far less embarrassing. 
Barthas left shortly after midnight leaving Dorthan alone with his ever-present memories.  Marta’s face had been counted with his wife and child’s.  Would she now haunt his memories forever?  He could not think about it, but the less he tried, the more her face kept popping into focus.  It was not a way to live a life.  He knew he would have to remedy her passing in some way or else go mad with guilt and shame.


Chapter 16
Marta could not move.  She was frozen to the bone and only half aware of her surroundings.  There was soft cold ground beneath her and warm dark sky above her.  She shivered.  She forced her eyes open only to find herself surrounded by trees, tall trees, the tallest she had ever seen.  Her whole body ached.  She trembled so violently she could barely catch her breath.  Her stomach lurched then her world went blank.
“Is she dead?” asked a man in a gruff whisper.
“Give me a moment, please.  We will soon find out,” answered another voice, less gruff and very soothing.
Warm hands lifted her into strong furry arms.  She jolted involuntarily as a warm wave of energy engulfed her filling her frozen body with warmth.  She opened her eyes amazed to feel as refreshed and awake as she did.  The man staring back at her took her by surprise.  He was not human.  He was something else entirely.
His skin was not the red hue humans possessed but was an earthly rich brown. His eyes were full of concern as he stared at her from underneath bushy eyebrows that seemed almost to reach his hair line.  His face was sad but curious and was covered in a thick bushy beard braided down past his chin which seemed to be woven into the dark waves of his thick hair.  Threaded throughout his fuzzy mass were small dark objects, jewels perhaps.  Marta could naturally see no color in them
His companion crouched lower to see her.  He too wore a look of worry.  He was only a child, maybe twelve or thirteen, but his hue was entirely different than the man holding her.  The boy was green, greener than the spring grass.  His face was soft with delicate features almost feminine in nature.  He eyed her almost terrified, wiping the wet hair from her brow with soft warm hands.
“Milady,” the boy spoke quietly.  His voice was mature well beyond his years, strong and deep yet smooth, “It appears that in my efforts to revive you, I have rendered you blind.”
Marta eyed him curiously.  “Blind?  I am not blind.”
The two exchanged glances and held her in their sights for a time as Marta tried to gather her thoughts.  Who were these people and why were they so strange looking?  They could not be immortals, their coloring was off and their obvious desire to help her rendered that theory void.  She shook her head and the cobwebs seemed to disappear by the second.
“No, I’m sorry.  You see, I was already blind.  Well sort of.  What I mean to say is I can see just as well as I ever could.”
“You are not blind then?” asked the green boy.  She could not understand the depth of his voice.  It seemed so strange coming from one so young.
“No.  Who are you?” she asked, her head swam again and her eyes were trying desperately to close.  The world was spinning out of control.  She felt as though she was about to faint.
“I think we are about to loose her,” commented the brown man.
The green boy placed his hands gently on her face and whispered words into the air closing his eyes reverently as though he whispered a prayer to the skies.  
Another jolt of energy filled Marta again and this time it felt as though it was going to stay.  She felt the brown man lean her up, his arm remaining firmly at the crook of her back so that perhaps she could sit up on her own.  She did not sway but did have to steady herself with her hands against the wet sand beneath her.
“My name is Groth,” said the brown man.  “And my companion is Mela.”
“I am Marta.”
“You are far from civilization, Marta,” commented Groth.  “Tell me, what brings you here to the wilds of Riverfold?”
“My companions and I were hunting a dragon.  I assume they are still after it if they have not already captured it.”
“And where are you from?” asked Mela.
“I am from a small town in the winded plains called Wildspot.”
“I know of that place.  It has grown in the years since I had been there last.  You are quite a long way from home,” Mela replied.
“Well my friend Dorthan and I had the mind to go to Carthart on our journey to his home near Erath.”
“Erath?” asked Groth.  “There is nothing at or around Erath worth seeing I am afraid.  Hasn’t been for years.”
“I know, but his family was originally from there.  I guess you could say it was a sentimental journey of sorts.”
“And you got waylaid in Carthart by a dragon?” asked Mela.
“Actually we had arrived a day after they received a white eagle telling them a goblin army was going to march on the city.”
The two companions exchanged looks in silence and Groth shook his head.  “It is nothing one should speak about in the open like this.  Perhaps we should retire to camp.”
“Agreed.  There are spies in the trees even in the kind realms bordering the darkness,” said Mela.
Marta stood only to be brought down again by a raging headache.  Her head felt as though it was filling with water, and her nasal passages burned.
“Up you go,” said Groth.  Without hesitation he lifted her as though she were no more than a small child and carried her up and over the riverbed into the forest behind Mela.
They marched on in silence, Mela in the lead with Groth carrying Marta in his arms.  The trees thinned somewhat and a small clearing opened before them.  It was inundated with brown and green people of all shapes and sizes.  Marta could not believe her eyes.  The forest was aglow with the earthly colors of the two races.  All the green people were young looking yet there was a wisdom in their eyes and the way they carried themselves.  The brown people were all stocky and covered in long thick hair all braided neatly.  Both races proceeded quietly and cautiously about their business.  She could tell they were frightened or on edge.  A strange sadness had taken them both.  She could not believe so many people existed with such radiant colors.  Why had she not seen people like them before?
“What are you?” she asked as they approached a tent guarded by two stocky brown hued gentlemen.
“I'm a dwarf,” chuckled Groth as he entered the small tent. “And my companion here is an elf.”
“A dwarf?  An elf?  But how could that be?  Your races were eradicated years ago.  The immortals killed you off.”
“I assure you they did not.  We did, however, go into hiding,” offered Mela.
Groth set Marta down on a small stool next to a small round table.  He poured them all a glass of something as the conversation continued.
“And that proved to be fruitful until recently,” added Mela.
“Why?  What happened recently?”
“We were driven from our home in Dwelborn two days ago by an immortal and his army of creatures he called goblins,” said Groth.
“They must have come from the battle at Carthart,” said Marta.
“And how many men did you loose at Carthart, if you do not mind me asking?” asked Mela.
“About a hundred, I believe.”
The two shook their heads.  “We lost three thousand,” said Mela bitterly.
“We had no warning,” added Groth.
Her stomach sank.  “I am so sorry.”
“And now your human survivors are after a dragon?” asked Mela sardonically.  “Out of the frying pan, wouldn’t you say?”
“I suppose it seems a bit strange.  But the dragon appeared out of nowhere just as the immortal was about to kill us all, and everyone who saw were convinced the immortal was frightened by the thing.  He vanished quickly after its arrival.”
“And so now you hunt it?” asked Groth confused.
“We believe the blood of the dragon may hold the key to killing immortals.  He had been afraid of it.  I am sure.”
“And so killing off your only ally, the dragon, will do what exactly?” asked Mela.
“Well something has to work.  The sword of Carthart proved to be useless against immortals.”
“The sword of Carthart?” asked Mela almost amused.  “Good lord, are the humans still after that thing?”
“Well not anymore.  My friend Dorthan acquired it himself,” she said almost beaming with pride.
“Did he kill the beast?” asked Mela, his voice turning cold.
“No.  Actually, we asked it nicely and the beast led us to his hoard.  He seemed glad to be rid of the thing.”
Groth laughed as another dwarf entered briefly to drop off a small plate of fruits and dried meats.  Mela smiled as he refilled his glass and handed the plate to Marta.  “So he finally got tired of it, did he?”
“What do you mean?” asked Marta as she drank from her glass.  It was a stout whiskey.  She choked and nearly spat it out.  It was stouter than anything she had ever had.  It burned all the way down her throat.
“He was my brother,” said Mela.
“Then the legend is true?” she asked in awe.  She had wondered if the story Swill had told was in fact the truth.  She had begun to wonder if anything he ever said was the truth.
“Contrary to what you most likely heard, he was in fact an elf, the sword was a powerful sword, and he was in love.  Everything else was fictitious.  She was human, and he thought by stealing the sword he would somehow have the ability to reverse age and stop death.  She died anyway, as humans do.  He did plunge the sword into his chest in the hour of his grief, but magic is a tricky mistress and not something you play around with.”
“So it was not the reason the immortals attacked you and drove you into the mountains?”
“That sword?  Of course not.  It was an ancient sword.  The immortals knew several millennia ago it was useless against them.  It meant nothing to them and to even try to use it against them would be folly. Besides, I doubt anyone would be able to get close enough to an immortal to use the sword with out swift retribution.”
“Actually Dorthan did, but the immortal seemed not to want to kill humans outright.  Instead he let his armies do battle.  He just sat there and watched.”
The two sat quietly watching Marta as she slowly sipped her drink.
“This is a strange tale you tell, Marta,” said Groth thoughtfully.
“I assure you it is true.”
“We do not doubt your accuracy or your sincerity” said Mela.  “We only wonder what this new attitude means and why the immortals are now having these goblins wage their war instead of doing it themselves.”
“It is strange,” Marta agreed.
The three sat in silence listening to the sounds of their peoples bustling around just outside the tent.  Marta felt immensely relieved and so decided to try standing on her own.  Groth assisted her watching cautiously as she stood at the tent opening.  She watched the elves and dwarves coming in and out of view appearing and disappearing from the trees all around.  Marta could see on all their faces fright and fatigue.  The childlike elves kept to small groups watching with eagle eyes the doings of the busier dwarves who seemed to be gathering supplies and cooking food.  The elves slowly walked about chatting quietly while they were in her sight.  The dwarves did not speak much if at all.
“So where do you make to?” she asked at last breaking the silence.
“We make to the south well away from Lady Plianne in Azle.  We seek the cliffs along the beaches and the caves within,” said Mela.
“And you are most welcome to join us,” said Groth.
“I am afraid my fate lies with a dragon.  My party will be hunting it and I must begin to think of rejoining them.  I am sure they are quite worried about me.”
The sound of shuffling feet paused her thoughts.  A young dwarf entered the tent bowing towards all three before speaking.  “My lords, the great beast has been seen just beyond the tree line to the north.”
“That would be your dragon,” commented Mela.
“I must find my friends.  They will be worried about me.”
“I insist you stay,” said Groth reaching for her arm.  “You are not well enough to travel.”
“I am well enough I think.  Besides, once I meet back up with my party they will take care of me.”
“As well as they took care of you at the river?” asked Mela.
“That was partially my fault, but I must be going.”
“Then allow us to gather some things for your journey,” said Groth puling her out of the tent and into the opening.
Dwarves and elves were scattering in all directions.  They all had looks of sheer terror on their faces.  Already they were moving south away from the dragon.  Groth spared no time.  He immediately began barking orders.  She smiled as kindly as she could to the terrified people who gave her provisions.  They had no time to respond.  Their fear was enough.  She could expect little more.  She only wished she could give them courage.
“Will you not be swayed?” asked Groth
“I must go.”
“You will be killed.”
“Then I will die a legend.  Perhaps one day people will sing songs of me in their halls.”
“No one readily sings the praises of crazy human women who go off wasting their lives against the likes of a fire breathing dragon.”
“But if I return, what will you sing then?”
“You will not return,” said Mela.  “It is ridiculous.”
“I have half a mind to tie you up and bring you with us,” said Groth.
A roar erupted from beyond the trees.  The people stopped and peered through the darkness.  They were uneasy to say the least.  She shook her head.
“Barthas will be hunting him.  I must go.”
“You are more than welcome to stay amongst our kin for as long as you like,” offered Groth.
“I must go.”
“Here, take this with you,” said Groth.  He unbelted his sword and handed it to her. It glowed a fading color of brown as Groth’s energy began to melt off its hilt.  It was jeweled, though she could not tell with which gems, and lightweight.  She imagined it was expensive.  
There was a sadness in his eyes as Groth looked her over one last time.  “Such a waste.”  He sighed.  “But good luck to you anyway.”
She smiled and hugged him.  “Stay safe.”
“You as well,” he replied.
Mela said nothing as she ran off towards the sound.
“I am saddened she has gone though I do not know why,” said Groth.
“She will not return.”
“No, I am afraid she will not.”
“Good riddance.  Her reckless hope will bring nothing but danger.  It will infect others to their doom.”
“Still, she was a nice girl, very polite.”


Chapter 17
The forest closed in around her quickly.  She was not fazed for she could clearly see the gentle green glow of the trees against the deep brown earth.  She liked this place.  Having never been raised around trees, she immediately took to them.  It was the brightest most colorful place she had ever been.  By all accounts, she could see better in a darkened forest than any other human since her sight did not require sunlight.  She could easily see every tree, every leaf, and every moss covered mound.  
She moved swiftly.  She could hear the forest creatures starting to gather all around.  She gripped her new sword and moved steadily on.  A feeling of excitement coursed though her veins.  She felt she was on her own adventure with no one to tell her what to do.  She liked the feeling of freedom yet felt restrained by the fact she was chasing after a dragon all by herself.
“Right about now would be a good time for some guidance,” she said to herself to no avail.  Shethra did not answer. Typical for Shethra to not give advice when it was desperately needed.
The further she traveled, the hotter it became.  Stifling waves of heat rolled over her.  As she proceeded, the heat rose tremendously.  It kept her on track.  It was the heat of the dragon.  She remembered it well after it had flown over her blasting her off the precipice and into the river.  She knew better than to take on a dragon by herself.  She just hoped she did not stumble upon the beast before the others reached it.  
A clearing opened before her and the hot air subsided for a time.  She breathed in the cool mountain air before it was replaced again with stifling heat.  She sat on a fallen tree covered in thick soft moss for a moment trying to get her bearings as she took a look around the place.  It was then she spotted an animal in the distance just ahead of her which  stopped her dead in her tracks.  It had the strange glow of the dragon but was a fraction of the size. She crouched behind a thick pine tree to get a better look without being seen.  The animal was roughly the size of a cow but taller and not anywhere near the same color.  Its wings looked similar to a bat’s wings, but its face looked more horse like.  She watched it as it went about its business unaware of her.  She wondered, to her horror, if it was a baby dragon.  If that was the case, the dragon would be close, too close for her to escape.  She began to retreat. 
“You honestly think that is an infant dragon?”
She froze.  The voice in her head since birth was now being heard in her ears from the outside world.  She turned and saw the dragon staring at her motionless.  Her heart stopped and her fingers went cold.  She shuddered involuntarily as she stared at the creature the men had been hunting at her behest.  She gripped her sword tighter as she slowly stood and began backing away into the clearing never taking her eyes off the beast.
“You are afraid now that you see me, but you were never afraid when you only knew me in your head.”
“Shethra?” she asked amazed.  The beast was talking to her in the same way she had always spoken to her just much louder.  It was her voice, the same voice that had given her advise and comfort, who denied her more times than she could remember, and warned her of danger on a near daily basis.  She could not believe it.  Her mind swam with possibilities.  Was she telling the truth?  Had she always been taking to a dragon?  Why?
She was in the middle of the clearing now and the dragon was out of the forest, its entire mass in the open.  It glowed with a strange light very similar to Dorthan but not quite the same color.  It made no move to hurt her.  She tried lowering her sword.  It stared at her calmly taking her in. She lowered her sword all the way.  The dragon sat down and licked its paw like a cat.
“What do you want with me?”
“I just want you to listen.  I want you to understand.”
“Understand what?”
“Patience, child, let me get to it,” she laughed.  “You seek the answer to a question that plagues your people.  I have that answer.”
"The answer?  Why would you tell me this?  Why me and not Dorthan or Barthas who have entire armies at their command?"
"Why not you?  Can you not see the essences of living beings?  Who else can do such a thing?"
"I cannot see goblins.  They are black."
“You are looking for excuses,” she mused.  “Do you want to know or not?"
She was suspicious.  Why would she trust a dragon?  They were dangerous, possibly as dangerous as immortals or more so because they were capable of being killed by humans.  Though Marta could not possibly kill the dragon by herself, the men who hunted her could.  Was this some sort of bargain for the dragon’s life?  What was she up to?  
She felt as though she was being buttered up for something.  She felt like she was bait or a dupe.  What was she about to get herself into?  It was all too easy, too convenient.  Why would the dragon just give her the answer?  What did it want in return?  Her heart stopped as she realized that may be the key.  The dragon needed something in return.  Her skin began to crawl.  She was going to have to make a deal with the devil.
“What shall I have to pay for the answer?”
Shethra growled.  She was amused.  “I shall take your life.  Not now, of course, but sometime in the future I will take it.  That is the only thing I want.  The question you must ask yourself is, should you trust me, a dragon, when I have never led you astray in all your young life?  I have guided you and protected you, and only now after you see me as I truly am you are filled with doubt.  Your best friend who I led you to is an immortal, yet you will not trust me, a dragon.”
She could not speak.  The dragon, Shethra, had a point.  She had trusted her for all these years.  She had relied on her judgment for better or worse.  There was no reason to stop trusting her now.  She knew in her heart it was her Shethra, her guide and her friend.  Could she truly stop listening to her now that she knew the truth?  She felt she could not.  
The only problem was now her oldest friend was asking her to give her life for an answer to a riddle which had plagued her people for almost four hundred years.  She felt cheated.  Why her?  Why now after so many people had died?  Why show her all these amazing things and guide her through her life only to take everything away for the chance to free humanity?   How was it even possible?
“Is the answer doable?  Can the task be done?”
“Of course.  The world is not so black and white as you suppose.  It is possible to kill immortals.  Would you like to know how?”
She realized it was selfish of her to deny the entire human race the answer that had plagued them all for so long.  So many people had been slaughtered by the immortals, and more would soon be dead with out this information including Barthas and his men, and Swill, and one day maybe even Dorthan. She could not hold her life above all others.  She was not so important.  She nodded her head.  She would give her life in the end to save others, even if it meant she would die before ever witnessing the end result.  She would have faith Shethra would take care of everything after she forfeited her life.  It was the only way.  She nodded her head.
“How do you kill an immortal?”
“It goes back, child, to that which you have already figured out.  The humans, what do you see when you look upon them?”
“I see their color, their life essence.  It is red.”
“What does it remind you of?”
“The harvest sun.  They glow like the sun.”
“It is also the color they bleed.  They are driven by the sun and the time it commands.  They till the earth by the seasons and survive off the harvest.  What color, then, do the dwarves bleed?”
“Brown?” she asked.  She could only guess and was half wondering why the line of questions.  They seemed irrelevant.  
“Yes child, brown like the fresh tilled earth.  They live under the earth mining the core under the hard cold ground.  They bleed the color most relevant to them.  The elves?”
“They are green like the grass and trees.  They live in the trees.”
“They also bleed green.  What color do you see when you see an immortal?”
She shook her head.  She knew immediately the answer was unobtainable.  She had never encountered the color in her life.  It was unlike any color she had ever seen.  It shimmered like the reflection of water but was not the same color.  Her heart was breaking.  She could not answer Shethra.  It was the end of the road.
“It is a color with out life,” said Shethra.  “Rocks, metal, sand, these things are dark to you because they have no soul.  Immortals have no soul.  Their color is soulless.  It is what is called silver.”
“Silver.”
“It is the only metal that can kill them.”
She was stunned.  Was it really the answer?  Was it really so simple?  
“Why are you trying to help me?”
“Because I, my people, cannot live without humans.”
“Dragons need humans to survive?”
“Yes child.  It is something you will one day come to understand yourself.”
“But how is that even possible?”
“Many thing are possible, even the improbable.  You were right when you said there had to be a balance.  In all things there is a beginning and an end.  We dragons may be able to kill you easily, annihilate your herds, and decimate your lands, but you can also slaughter us as you slaughter cattle.”
“But what does that have to do with immortals?  They kill us all indiscriminately.  There is no end to their wrath.”
“Because, child, there are things in their long lives they have forgotten.  Balance just so happens to be one of them.  They have lost memories of a time before humans and do not realize what will happen to them once your species is gone.”
“But how, why?”
“It is the only answer I can afford you at the moment. You will come to understand all things in the end.  You must have patience.  It is time we part.  Your people need you.”
“But now what do I do?  You gave me the answer but now I have no direction.”
“I suggest you find a silversmith and make your way to the immortals as quickly as possible.”
“The dwarves?”
“Yes child.  They are skilled in forging all metals and elements.  Then I think you should demonstrate your skills on the immortal lurking within their halls.  He will be a good first trial.”
“And let him kill me before I even lift my finger?”
The dragon let out a loud low growl.  Marta’s head was filled with mirth.  She was laughing at her.  Marta gritted her teeth as her stomach churned.
“Child, you will soon learn not only are the immortals weak to silver but also to their own arrogance.  Now be gone, and take my firedrake.  His name is Breathless, for he will not stop until he reaches his destination.  He needs no rest, no water, and no food.”
“Your firedrake, but not your child?”
Shethra howled.  She was laughing out loud.  The heat was unbearable.  Marta had to turn away as the dragon calmed down.  “He is my nymph.  He is a physical manifestation of me, though not me entirely.  He thinks for himself yet he knows and understands my will and will protect you.  He will treat you well.  Trust him, he knows much.  Now go.  Our time has come to an end.”
“But what about Barthas and the others?  I should tell them the answer as well.  They are searching for this answer.  I must tell them at once.”
“You will do nothing.  They are now in hot pursuit of me.  I will lead them out of danger as best I can while you consult the dwarves.  Once you have proven yourself, you will find me and then tell the others.  This is your answer alone.  I will not have the men of your race stealing your knowledge for their own sakes.”
“But why?  Why is that so important that I know when people’s lives are at stake?”
“Because, my dear, you must play your part.  You must prove yourself not only to those men who would hide you and protect you but to yourself as well.  You must know how strong you are.  You must do this task alone.”
“Alone?”
Shethra laughed her mighty deep laugh again then added, “Well, the dwarves can help a little, but you must walk the line yourself.  But go now.  I will look after your men and make sure they come to no harm.”
The large animal from earlier approached and it looked more horse-like up close, but its bat wings were most distracting.  It was massive, far larger than any horse she had ever seen.  Its color was still the same unusual color as Shethra.  She feared he would not be accepted.  People would think her mad riding in on such a steed.
She reached out to stroke its muzzle.  Its skin was hot to the touch, smooth like a lizard but he seemed friendly.  She clamored and climbed onto its tall back.  It dipped a little to allow her easier access.  She was up in no time and the firedrake had not given her a moment to seat herself before it bolted off towards the refugee camp.  It did not, however, let her fall.  It twisted ever so slightly under her weight to compensate her falling and soon they were galloping at full speed.  The trees flew past as though the firedrake could see in the dark.  She realized it could, or else it knew the forest well. 
The encampment flew into view in seconds and she could see the people of both races running around not sure what was going on.  She had caused them distress she could clearly see.  She slowed Breathless and immediately found Groth rallying a group of dwarves to his side all fully armored.  All the refugees eyed Breathless with caution.  Some of the dwarf children cried in his presence.  Marta felt terrible.
“Marta!” Groth called as she approached a little startled by the beast beneath her.  “We were about to go in after you!  A wild forest is no place for a lady!”
She smiled warmly at Groth.  His was truly concerned for her well-being.  Mela and the other elves seemed shocked but were not dressed for battle.  She smiled harder at them.  “I have information for you, my friend!  I know how to kill the immortals!”
A roar from the trees and the sound of flapping sent the camp into a flurry.  Shethra flew over the meadow and out of sight circling high above the camp then flying higher and higher until she was no larger than a bird in the sky.  Marta watched as her internal voice vanished wondering when she would see her again.


Chapter 18
The dwarves circled, their eyes wide with wonder at her strange reappearance.  They cautiously approached.  Breathless was no doubt the strangest creature they ever seen.  Groth smiled warmly at her despite her steed, a deep laugh rumbling softly from his belly.  He leaned lazily on his axe as the other dwarves held their weapons low but ready for attack.
“I knew you would return!”
“And with knowledge apparently,” said Mela.
“Yes, strangely the dragon is an old friend of mine.  I had never known it until now, but she told me how to defeat the immortals.”
A murmur spread through the camp.  Both excitement and apprehension stirred the still air.  Groth suggested they retreat to the sanctity of their tent once more and the three sat in silence as they waited to make sure no one was listening in.
“It is silver.  She told me I need a silver sword to kill immortals.”
“It is absurd,” said Mela.  His constant negativity was starting to depress her.  The dwarf, however, seemed to not dismiss her so lightly.
“And you say the dragon told you this?  But why?”
“I do not know.  I asked, but she would not tell me,” she thought it better to leave the part about giving her life for the answer out of the conversation.  She felt Groth would not want to hear that.
“It is suspicious,” said Groth.
“Dragons are  magical creatures of cleverness and cunning,” said Mela.  “I fear you have put yourself into a deadly trap the likes of which there is no way out.”
“I had thought of that myself but in the end, what ever price I have to pay is more important if it keeps your people alive.  I mean, would you not give your life or freedom to protect the lives of your people?”
Neither could deny this fact.  They remained silent or a time.
“And you say this dragon is an old friend of yours?” asked Groth.
“Yes,” she hoped he would not press for much more information.  She was not entirely sure she understood the situation enough to offer a good explanation.
“And you say you trust her?”
She could not honestly answer that either.  She nodded her head despite her reservations.  She knew what she had promised.  
“And the dragon said silver is the answer?” asked Mela.
“Yes.  That is what she said.”
“Silver is clearly not the answer,” he scowled.  “It is a soft metal and not capable of being a sword for long.  It will bend its will to just about any object.  I am not sure you can even sharpen it,”
“Well what do you say?” she asked Groth.
Groth stroked his beard and sat looking thoughtfully at her.  “He is correct.  Though it can be made into a sword, it is soft and will not keep its shape well.  Are you sure you want to try this?”
“I am determined.”
“Then there is nothing for it.  If the lady wants a silver sword, she will have one.”
“And then be laughed at by the immortals as they rip out your insides,” added Mela. 
She scowled at him as rudely as she could.  Nothing she said was right.  He was so negative.  He gazed at her unfazed.  The two seemed to be at an impasse.  Neither had any warm fuzzy feelings for the other at the moment.  Mela shook his head then turned away from them.  
“I am afraid I cannot subject the last of my people to this ridiculousness.  If you want to go back to Dwelborn and try your luck on her hunch, I cannot stop you, but I cannot risk my people’s safety on the silly notion of a simple human female.”
Groth seemed disappointed by this but said nothing.   His face had fallen almost to the ground, but there was no arguing with the elf.  Mela, seeing too his friend was not going to be swayed, sighed and left. 
“Well there is no changing him I’m afraid,” said Groth.
“I am so sorry.  I never meant to come between your two people.”
Groth smiled through the sadness in his eyes.  “He’s an elf, and his people are more affected by death than most.  Humans deal with it on a near daily basis.  Elves live as long as immortals.  The deaths of their people send ripples through their ranks, the aftermath of which we may never thoroughly understand.  The war brought our people together nearly two hundred years ago.  It is only fitting the war would tear us apart again.  It is time we went the way that is best for us individually.  No longer do we need their guidance and no longer do they need our protection.”
Groth proceeded to gather the dwarves.  He spoke slowly and purposefully, choosing each word with the greatest of care.  He explained his desire to return to Dwelborn and to take it back by any means necessary.  He asked for volunteers to join him on the journey.  To her amazement and horror, all the dwarves volunteered, even the women and small children.  Though not sure what use they would be, all the dwarves large and small, young and old decided to go along and try to help in what ever way they could.
The elves were also asked for volunteers.  None obliged.  It was truly the end of their alliance.  They did, however, assist in the preparation and in short time, the wagons and ponies were ready to set out. Everything had been made ready for an early morning departure.  
“Tomorrow we set out at dawn, to reclaim our home and to overthrow the immortals who have usurped the lands from the men, the dwarves, and the elves,” said Groth.
The dwarves gave a halfhearted cheer then prepared to sleep on the cold hard ground in blankets. The elves, who apparently never slept, played softly on lutes and harps as the dwarves began to fall asleep.  Marta had a pallet made for her, for she had no provisions of her own, and she lay next to Groth who sat and smoked a pipe for some time.  Breathless sat near her warming her with his body.  Groth ignored him, so far the only being other than Marta unfazed by his presence.  
She fell into a light sleep but somehow dreamt of the goings-on around her in the hours of the late evening.  Breathless remained awake, listening to the conversations happening around them.  She could sense him in her mind.  It was his experience she was dreaming.
“Are you sure you will follow this woman to your deaths, delivering your people into the hands of the immortals?” asked Mela.
“She strikes me unusually.  I feel I can trust her judgment, though I cannot tell you why.  And if there is a glimmer of a chance she has somehow stumbled upon the means to kill the immortals, I feel it is a chance we must take.”
“And you will risk the lives of all your people?”
“They volunteered.  I cannot deny anyone the possibility of being a part of history.”
“Even though in your heart you know it is folly and dangerous.  You will not survive.  Will you not listen to my council now that that woman is here?”
“I will always listen to your council, yet this interferes with the very beating of my heart.  I know this is the answer.  I can see it in her white eyes.  She has hope.  I have hope in her.  I cannot explain it.”
“Then this is truly it.  This is the ending of our partnership.”
“But not our friendship.  And if we are successful, you and your people will always be welcome in our halls.  You may take refuge with us once more if ever you need it.”
“And when you die?  With whom will we unite when all the world turns dark?”
“The humans.”
“Yes, the humans and their brilliant ideas, chasing after dragons after barely surviving an immortal, building tombs of more worth than the castles in which they live, worshiping their ancestors above loving their children.”
“Have faith.”
“I have none.  I have seen too many of my people fall.”
“We will all die eventually.  Would you rather die on the run or standing your ground?”
“I would rather not die at all.”
“That is not an option.  As for the dwarves, we have all made our decisions.  We will part tomorrow.  Wake us as soon as the early morning light breaks through the trees.”
“Is there nothing I can say to make you see reason?”
“I am afraid not.  We leave tomorrow.”
The conversation halted before Groth started once again.  “You know it would make sense.”
“What is that?”
“So far Erath is the only city to be completely wiped off the map by the immortals in the entire war.  It was a trading ground for silver, the same silver we mined from Dwelborn.  It would make sense that if silver can wound them they would want to take out all silver from the equation.”
“True, but the war had been raging for several generations before Erath was destroyed.  What would have changed to make the immortals target that city?”
“Maybe the humans discovered something.  That would make them immediate targets.”
Mela said nothing though the thought made sense to Marta.  But why would they decimate an entire town?  Was it really necessary to kill so many for a metal mined from the earth?  It would give the immortals reason to go after the dwarves.  They mined the stuff and crafted weapons from it.  For her whole life she thought the dwarves were extinct.  They had been the first to be attacked by the immortals.  The elves then came after.  
The two remained quiet and Marta’s dreams were changed to reflect a wilder attitude.  The thoughts were not her own.  She tried to block the thoughts of her firedrake to no avail.  In the end, she settled for the wild ride Breathless was giving and she awoke the next morning more refreshed than she had been in her entire life, and also more sore than she had ever been.
As prepared as they had been the night before, their last few things were still being wrapped up.  They departed after a small meal of fresh fruits.  It was still very early in the morning.  The forest felt quiet and cool.  
Mela did not say one word to her all morning.  The elves sang a sad sweet parting song as the dwarves parted with the ponies and carts.  They were on the road to what end she was becoming unsure.  Doubt had been creeping into her head since the night before. It was easy to speak great words, but actions proved more furtive.  It was happening so fast.  She felt she was still only along for the ride, a spectator whose only job was to watch the people fight the war and win it for themselves.  She did not know where her path was going to lead, what part she was going to play.  Everything in the future was a mystery, a strange and frightening mystery ready to be solved.


Chapter 19
It was still dark when the echo of the dragon pierced the skies.  No one had been prepared, yet Dorthan was ready for it.  Round two.  His temper was not at all in good spirits either.  He had not slept all night.  The memories of his past life mingled with the guilt of loosing Marta kept him peering at the lifeless map in his tent in the light of a dying candle.  His thoughts haunted him in the darkness.  There was no time for sleep.  He had been awake for days now, and once he knew the direction the dragon was flying he was going to hunt it down.
Out of the tent he flew.  The flaming red echoed over the treetops to the east.  He grabbed the reigns of the nearest horse and spurred him in that direction.  The camp was quiet as the grave.  Many were still asleep.  Barthas was awake and already issuing orders to have the men awake and prepare.  Dorthan rode past him in a frenzy ignoring the orders he barked at him.  It was a warning of sorts, but whatever he said it no longer mattered.  He was going to be the first to reach the dragon and he was going to slay it with his bare immortal hands. 
The horse splashed through the cold water of the Red River and he was deep into the forest before the first man began to follow.  He found himself alone in the darkness following no path just his heart.  He would soon avenge the girl’s death, but it occurred to him he had no path afterwards.  Marta was gone and the dragon would be killed.  There would be a fair amount of fame for his name after he slaughtered the beast, but to what end?  Could he slaughter the immortals?  He was an immortal himself.  To the best of his knowledge, even immortals could not kill other immortals with their powers, and he had no powers himself.  He was without any resources except the possibility of the dragon’s blood, and then he would be one man against an entire race. 
But in the end, he would do it for Marta, for his wife and children, and for all the people who for generations had died at the hands of these beasts.  He would find a way.  He was a hunter now and his prey were those who could not die.  It was his purpose in life.  He had no other goal.  He would pick them off one by one until they stopped him. 
Swill watched as his master drove off without anyone at his side.  It was his decision now if he followed or not.  Dorthan had all but dismissed him the night before.  How could he serve a man who was so reckless and haphazard he would throw everything away for the memory of his lost sister?  It was madness that drove the man.  Would he be the slave to a madman?
“I assume you are leaving.” said a voice behind him.
Swill turned to see Barthas tying off his belt.  He was readying himself for battle, dressed in full body armor and adorned with several swords of varying sizes attached nearly all over.  He watched him with his dark almost sable eyes.  He was an intimidating man to look upon, but there had always been a kindness about him which unnerved Swill to the extent that he could not look at him.
“Why would I stay?”
“You made a vow.  You promised Dothan your services.”
“He is a madman.”
“Perhaps he is a genius.  He has survived this long.”
“And now his beloved sister has died and he has nothing to live for.  He is reckless.”
“And you will leave him now when he needs you most?  What kind of man are you?”
“I am a man who will survive.  It has gotten me this far.”
“And what have you to show for it?  What honor do you have?  How many friends will come to your aid or will mourn your death when you die?”
Swill scowled.  He had honor.  He was trustworthy.  He had friends, sort of.  What did Barthas know?  He had only just met him.  He knew nothing of the honor of Swill Ladson.  Friends only slowed people down.  He needed no one.
“It is a lonely life you lead, Swill,” said Barthas.  “Friendless and alone you will die with no one remembering the good things you have done if such fetes exist.  No one will care if you die or how.  No one will be there to avenge your death.”
“Friends slow you down.  The last thing I need is someone slowing me down, be he man or woman.”
“So that’s it?  Marta?  Just so you know, that woman had an entire army following her every word who are now mourning her loss, a brother who will avenger her death to his own end, and a mystery about her we will always hold in awe.”
“You compare me to her?”
“No Swill, you are even less honorable than my wife’s horse, Trixy.  I would not compare you to Marta.  I would not compare you to any human I know, perhaps a cow or maybe a chicken, but no human.”
“I am no chicken.”
“What are you then?  I would say you are no man.  You are no soldier.  You are no servant.  You are no friend.  So I ask you, what are you?”
Swill could not answer.  He was a man, but not in Barthas’s eyes.  Arguing would be useless.  It would be easier to just remain quiet.  Surely the man would run out of insults to say.
“No argument?  Sounds about right.  It is easier to run, isn’t it?  You aren’t a fighter either.”
Barthas smiled and turned to his assembled men.  There were not many who showed up.  It seemed not to phase him.  He waived over those who would follow to begin their journey.  The soldiers began wading through the still morning waters and into the forest on the other side.
“You are always welcome to join us,” he smiled, “if you are man enough.”
Barthas put on his helmet and mounted his horse.  He waited until the last man journeyed across the river before setting out after him.  Swill was alone again as was his way.  He was more comfortable that way.  His escape had been given to him on a silver platter.  He should have been happy.
He was not happy, however.  Something nagged at him.  It was not because Barthas called him less than a man or even compared him to farm animals.  It was a nagging he had been living with for some time now.  It had recently gotten much worse than it had ever been before.  He could not quell the deep pain in his chest every time it reared its ugly head.  He could not breathe.  He could not think.  It was a loss deeper than anything he had ever felt before.
He turned quickly and grabbed the bag he had been preparing and loaded it on the nearest horse.  He spurred his horse across the river, the last of the hunting party.  He was a man, at least he was going to try to be one from now on.
“You are my son, do not forget that.  It is a very special thing,” his father had said.  The memory hit him like a ton of bricks.  Like magic, the instant he reached the other side of the river the memory hit him as though he was there again, standing before his father listening to his every word.
He was only seventeen.  “I am your son, father.  How could I forget?”
“Then remember that this I do now is for you and you alone.  You will be all right in the end.”
“Father, I am afraid.”
“Be strong, boy.  Your strength is the only thing you have that is yours.”
Swill nodded.
The man he knew as his father leapt out the window scaling the castle wall with great care.  Little did Swill know it was the last time he would ever see him alive.  Down the walls of the prison atop the tower at Ardath, he escaped without his son.  Swill watched as the man he thought he admired ran off through the streets out of sight never to be seen again.
The next morning, the guards were dispatched to his cell.  They had been surprised to see him, but only for a moment.  They escorted him down to the gallows.  Swill was becoming nervous, but his father had promised he would be all right.  He was coming back.  He had promised, and he always kept his promises.  He was the master contriver.  All his schemes worked out for the best after all the kinks were worked out.  He was just late that’s all.
The rope was fitted around his neck.  Where was he?  The immortal looked him over, Lord Nathair his name had been.  He was so young looking with thick black hair in a curly mess atop his head and perfectly smooth pale skin drawn tightly over his features.  A wicked smile played across his face.
“Where is your father now?”
Swill remained quiet.
“Did he tell you he would come back for you?”
Swill clinched his teeth.
“Well a dead man can come back for no one.”
The lord twirled his fingers in a fluid motion and in a second there appeared a severed head hanging from his hair by the immortal’s hand.  Swill choked back vomit as the beast let his father’s head roll down the steps of the gallows.  The onlookers gasped In horror at the sight.
“Of course you will never guess where we found him.”
Swill could not answer.
“He was on a ship sailing over the Silver Lake to the boundary beyond.  He was leaving you.  You are alone.  You have been for years.  What have you to say for that?”
Swill could say nothing.
“Just as I thought.”
Lord Nathair waived his hand and immediately Swill found himself in the middle of town.  He was not alone.  Nathair had joined him.  The towns people were terrified scrambling to get out of sight.  No one wanted anything to do with their immortal lord.  Nathair stood unfazed watching as Swill took in his surroundings.
“You are free to go,” he smiled.
“I was not guilty of any crime.”
“Oh, you are guilty of a great many crimes, but I feel I have to forgive you, just this once.”
“Why?”
Nathair smiled staring him straight in the eyes.  Swill’s blood ran cold.
“Because I cannot execute you.  You are already dead.”
Those words had haunted him for these thirteen years.  He had been declared dead by an immortal and somehow those words had struck a chord.  He had no life, not a human one, not an honorable one.  He and his father had been in and out of prisons all his life, swindling and cheating their way through.  His very name was even a bet gone wrong.  He had been nothing but a pawn and a scapegoat all his life.  He had no life except for what ever use his father could get out of him.  He was alone now and had no use, no purpose.  He had to resort to the only life he had ever known.  An immortal had given him a clean slate, a chance to start over.
He had wasted it.
His horse picked up speed.  He had caught up with the others before he knew it.  He was ready for an adventure.  He was ready for his clean start.  It was thirteen years too late, perhaps, but he was starting over again.  Maybe Barthas was right. Maybe he was useful as a farm animal.  He could only alleviate that notion by proving him wrong.  He had to prove he was human; he was a man.  Not only did he have to prove this to Barthas, he had to prove it to himself.
The party slowed.  He could see the hulking man that was Dorthan standing apart from his horse staring at the ground.
“There are strange tracks here,” Dorthan called.
Barthas joined him.  Swill slowly crept up behind them trying to eye the tracks they saw.
“I am surprised to see you here,” commented Dorthan.
“You cannot get rid of me that easily,” replied Swill.
“I am glad you came,” said Barthas under his breath.
Swill smiled despite himself.  “Strangely, I am not here for your sake but for my own.”


Chapter 20
Marta and the dwarves traveled due west away from Ardath and the elves. She felt a pang of sadness leaving them wondering if she would ever see them again.  Somehow she knew the dwarves felt the same.  The quietness around them was unsettling.  She had come between the two factions and separated the people who had been living together in harmony since before she was born.  It was a new beginning for them all.  Perhaps this was the reason for the quietude.  She felt guilty. She had broken up the peace.
They traveled deeper into the forest.  The dwarves remained quiet.  Marta knew better than to speak.  They knew where they were going.  She felt she was only along for the journey.  She hoped against reason when they arrived her butterflies would vanish and she would somehow as if by magic know exactly what to do.  She had no clue about how to make a sword  and even less about how to use it.  Not that she believed she was going to make her sword herself, but going down into a lifeless forge deep into the cold dark mountain with nothing to see but her dwarf guide made her stomach churn.  She wanted badly for someone to step forward and volunteer to do all this for her, but she knew this was her destiny and her problem to deal with.  Shethra had told her this was her time.  She just wished she had a plan of action, a goal to work towards.  She had nothing.
The mountain pass began to grow out of the trees.  Steeper and steeper they climbed until the sun began to set over the mountain.  She could feel its absence on her skin as her cheekbones became cold.  Word began to spread about preparations for the evening camp.  She had not realized they had traveled that long.  Marta did not feel tired at all.  She was a little hungry and cold but not tired.
“What time is it?” she asked as the group started to make camp.
“Just a few hours after noon,” replied Groth.
Her skin tingled.  Something seemed off.  “But the sun is setting.”
“It will do that.  The mountains claim much of the sunlight and shade this entire valley for several more hours of the day than you are accustomed to.  It will take some getting used to.”
He pulled a pipe and began to smoke it at a pace.  The others busied themselves with lunch.  The air blew colder than Marta was expecting.  Groth handed her a blanket and the two of them sat in silence watching the dwarves quietly continue their chores.
The silence between them was deafening.  She was left alone with her thoughts once more.  She wondered if this was the right path.  Her stomach lurched at the thought.  Her doubt was a lingering companion the likes of which she wished she could be rid of.
“You’ve been quiet, milady,” commented Groth as she ate her dried meat and bread in silence.
“I have a lot on my mind”
“Perhaps it would do you well to get it off your mind, share the load as they say.”
She looked to him.  He was so kind, almost fatherly.  She decided she would try his council and hope he would not laugh at her or fear her incompetent.
“I don’t know what I’m doing,” she admitted .
“None of us do in these trying times,”
She sat struck dumb at his response.  He sat smoking his pipe watching his people.  She did not know how to respond.
“But you don’t understand.  I am supposed to kill an immortal with a silver blade.  I have never used a blade before.  I have never killed anyone before.”
Groth sat methodically smoking as the day got darker.  He thought about his answer.  Marta knew it was not going to be an easy answer to take, much less voice.  She hoped Groth would brake it to her easily.  She was beaten.
“You are right.  No one can fight this battle for you, but we can help.  This is your destiny, and for you to cower and run away now would be to loose everything you are and everything you have hoped for.  I will not let you fail.  If by my life I can assure your success, I will gladly give it.  Your path is a great one, and I shall not let you falter.”
“I could not ever ask you this.  It is my path,”
“And you are planning to go it alone?  Will you be alone all your life wasting away with not a friend or companion?  It is a lonely life you would lead.  And it is my wish to help you.  Would you deny me this privilege?”
“I am honored and blessed by your faith and friendship.  I know I cannot do this by myself.”
“You should not have to.”
“I can’t even see the blade.”
Groth eyed her curiously.  “I had wondered what you can see.  It is clear you are not blind, not entirely.”
“I can see the living, things that are alive, people, trees, grass.  I can’t see rocks or buildings and for some reason I cannot see the goblins.  They are as dark to me as the rocks and stone.”
“That may be a problem.  The immortal will no doubt be held up in the halls and depths of the mountain.  We will simply have to lure him out for you.”
“I don’t know how to do that without further bloodshed.”
“Then let my warriors decide that.  Have I introduced you to my sons?”
“Your sons?  No you have not.”
He whistled and two strapping dwarf men approached.  Similar in size and stature, both wore jewels in their brown beards, the likes of which Marta could only see the shapes, not their color.  Their beards were braided in thick bushy strands.  The slightly shorter of the two was marginally stockier.
“This is my first born, Telfor.  Born under the same moon as my great uncle Telfor, he is the finest craftsman of my two sons.  It is tradition that sons either enter the army or become craftsmen.  He will most definitely be the one to create your infamous sword.
“And this,” he said introducing the shorter of the two, “is my youngest son, Lothar, named after my great grandsire Lothar the Stutterer.  Growing up with such an impairment makes a man hard as stone and fierce as the dragon.  He will teach you to battle as time permits.  It will not make it any easier to kill a man, but it will help your confidence on the battlefield.”
“I would appreciate that.”
“It is dark, b-but we can s-start,” said Lothar, his voice was deep but soft.
“The light doesn’t bother me, it makes little difference.”
Groth clapped his hands then removed his sword and handed it to Marta.
“Wait, we’re going to use real swords?”
“Y-you have to l-learn sometime.”
They parried.  Marta instantly knew she had an advantage.  Lothar could barely see in the increasing darkness.  She could see him clearly, his brown hue glowed in the darkness.  He swung at her and missed.  She sidestepped him easily then took a swing.  She missed  but caught his tunic.  She hit the leather strap that held his canteen which fell to the ground.  Groth laughed out loud.  Lothar looked angry.  Marta swallowed hard.  This was about to get ugly.
Needless to say, Lothar beat Marta after about two hours of battling.  He was capable of using her foot falls to his advantage, hearing her come after him.  It was a dwarven trick they had mastered after living ages in the depths of the mountain passes in dim to no light.  Though he could not see her as easily as she could him he could hear her coming a mile away. 
 They collapsed next to Groth.  A warm meal was produced and the two warriors ate greedily for several minutes straight.  Groth smoked his pipe and watched as the two finished.
“I have an idea, if you will permit me,”
Marta nodded.
“As we are, we make for the very door from which we fled for our lives.  This door will lead us down into the lower forges.  You said yourself you cannot go into the passageways for you cannot see, and I would admit the paths are winding and treacherous.  One slip and you would plummet to your death some fifty fathoms or so.  So I have decided that Telfor and I will go into the forges ourselves.  We will make your silver sword for you.  In the meantime, you and the others will take the lesser known path around the mountain rather than go through it.  It is a treacherous path as well, but I believe you will find it more desirable than plunging into the depths of the mountain.
“While we are making your sword, you and the others will make your way around to the front entrance.  There you will cause all manners of distractions as we work, for I fear forge work is noisy business.  Keep the goblins distracted, and when we are finished, we will follow your path and meet back up with you.”
“And how are we to make a distraction?”
Groth smiled.  He eyed Breathless who lazed in the cool grass scratching his maw against the sharp rocks like a dog.  Marta thought about it.  Surely he was smart enough to not get himself killed by the goblins, but could she make him understand what was going on?  He was after all Shethra’s firedrake, but how intelligent was he?
“Do you think that would work?”
“We can only try.”
“And if it fails?”
“Have faith, Marta.  If we do this together we cannot fail.”
She cringed.  Putting her faith into a beast was terrifying, but she had to try.  It was the only idea they had.  
“We’d better get going.”
The encampment had already gotten ready.  Lothar and Marta had been the last to eat and were the last to prepare.  The caravan slowly departed the clearing.  Marta followed Groth with  Lothar bringing up the rear.  They traveled once more in silence as the forest closed in around them.
Hours passed.  She was certain they had been traveling all night and wondered when she would feel the warmth of the sun on her face again.  The trees began to thin and the base of the Irion Mountains appeared in the form of giant sheer walls of dark stone.  Up they rose into the sky covered in patches of thick green moss.  She rode along only capable of seeing the faint color of green mixed into the sea of black.  She had no love of stone.  She could not see the different shades of gray or the beauty of the spires that reached sky high.  She could only make out the texture by the variations of the moss and fungus that grew on its surface.  The journey was slow.  It was becoming increasingly hard to see.  Stones and rock paths replaced the soft grass and greenery.  The path wound upwards and upwards until it became hard to breathe.  The further they traveled, the colder it became.  Marta bundled up against Breathless trying to keep warm.  
The great distraction trotted along the paths as easily as anyone else did.  She was glad she was upon his back for she would have tired long before anyone else.  He was a key ingredient for the battles ahead, but did he understand?  How could she make him understand?  They had a mental bond she could not fully understand.  In fact, when she slept they seemed to share dreams.  Could she somehow dream her thoughts into him?  She had to try.
Slowly she concentrated, which was hard considering the cold.  She reached out to him imagining her mind somehow touching his.  All she felt was darkness.  All she could see was darkness.  She had to ask anyway.
“When we get there, make a distraction.  Don’t get yourself killed, and don’t alarm them to our position.  Be careful.”
She repeated her thoughts over and over until the thought wore her out.  She was tired, and the further they trekked without a break, the worse it got.  She tried to sleep on his back laying her head on his neck which steadily rocked with the rhythm of his stride.  She was exhausted, her arms and legs were worn from the sparing and her mind was worn form the mental pleading.  She had just about had enough for one day.
“We are here,” said Groth.
Marta looked ahead.  They had stopped in a clearing where the moss grew in a strange pattern on the rock.  She realized the round shape was the entrance to a cave.
“You are going in there?”
“It is jus a simple cave.  A back door, if you will.  Through the caves and into the bottom most forge.  There I am sure we can make you a fine silver sword.”
“And we won’t be found out?”
“That is hard to say.  This is the door we escaped from.  It is nearly impossible to find from the inside.  The door from the upper forge is concealed by magic and a little dwarf ingenuity.  I cannot guarantee the goblin threat will not yet  have found the lower forge, but I wager they will soon have more important things to worry about.  The entrance to the main hall is massive, several entrances and exits.  I am sure they are going to be more concerned with guarding the front than the rear, or at least we are going to give them a reason to guard the front and forget about the rear.”
He winked.
“But are you sure this is the way?”
“This is the only way for me.  For my part, it has been gnawing at me that we retreated from our home without a proper fight.  We are not cowards.  Our last stand will not reflect that.  We are going to try this one last time.  If it kills us all, we will have gone down fighting for what is right.  If we are successful, it will be our finest hour.  It is better for me and my people to die fighting for our home than to die fleeing with our tails between our legs.  I do not like the thought of retreating, fleeing instead of fighting.  It is not only our physical home we fight for, but our freedom and our very way of life.  It is better this way.”
Marta’s heart sank. She reached up and flicked a tear away from the corner of her eye.  She felt terrible.  “I cannot have you risk the fate of your entire race on account of me.  Please do not do anything brash.”
“My lady, it is my honor and my right.  We depart, but not forever.  Stay close to Lothar.”
Marta smiled as the two dwarves disappeared through the opening of the cave. She watched as Groth and his eldest entered the void.  She turned to Lothar who quietly led her away merely pointing to certain dwarves who by some sort of foreknowledge moved into position.  The women and children were centered and Marta was placed at the front. The party backtracked and found a fracture in the mountain and through this passageway they traveled by threes.  
The mountain pass wound through the mountainside, through tunnels and around sheer paths which dropped off to unfathomable feet below.  Marta stayed close to her silent companion who seemed unfazed by the depth.  This was their home.  Undoubtedly he knew it as if he had carved the way himself.  She imagined they may have carved it themselves.
Hours they traveled in silence.  The morning came upon them and they did not stop.  Even the children seemed to understand the severity of the circumstances.   Her only reprieve was to escape into the boundlessness of her thoughts and imagine this was the right path to take.  She had to convince herself it was the right path.  Many times she had doubted the wisdom of Shethra, but she could not afford to doubt her this time, dragon or no.  There was too much at stake for her to be wrong.  There was so much riding on her.  The dwarves had rerouted their lives for her and the knowledge she had been given.  It had to be right.
Yet as certain as she was, doubt still lingered in the pit of her stomach.  She doubted herself.  She doubted her own abilities.  Like a sickness, it gnawed at her.  Was she doing the right thing?  Should she have braved the lower forge with Groth?  Should she even be here?  Maybe she should have waited for Barthas.  Maybe she should have followed Dorthan.  It was all too late now she realized.  Her path was now her own to blaze.
They traveled all day until an opening appeared ahead.  The dwarves remained within the confines of the path.  Hidden on both sides they waited in ambush.  Beyond their hold was a well forested side of the mountain, lush with tall thick trees and thick canopies.  Everything was green and fertile.  Marta had to keep from running headlong into its green and wondrous beauty, but then a sound caught her ear.  Someone was coming.
The dwarves heard it too.  The men gathered at the front of the party armed and ready for combat.  A single goblin, a patrol no doubt, wandered into view.  Its shrunken ghastly body crept closer and closer to their position within the rock face.  The dwarves held still.  Sniffing the air like a canine, the goblin paced back and forth scraping the stone with its small sword then turning and gazing out into the forest beyond.
“What do you do there?” called a strange raspy voice.
Another goblin emerged and cornered the first.  “I smell dwarf.”
“Dwarf is all over these places.  It reeks with them.  Get back to your guard!”
The second goblin hit the first over the head with a large mallet.  The first goblin howled and sneered but continued on its way.  Then all was quiet.
Hours past and two more goblin patrols entered the area then left again without a word.  Marta was beginning to grow impatient.  She was tired and hungry, and predominantly antsy.  She had no idea how she was going to approach the immortal inside and come out alive afterwards.  Even with a silver blade the task was beyond anything she could do by herself.  Her stomach churned and churned as she was growing more and more impatient with every waking hour.  She could not think.  She could not speak.  She could not reason any plan that would not get her killed.  Every scenario ended with her death in her mind.  Her head began to ache.  Her muscles were sore.  The day was wearing down and all she had to show for her efforts was an illness without a cure.
Breathless nudged her arm.  He was fretful, too, or perhaps he was bored.  She realized he knew his part and was ready to get to it.
“Well go on.  Don’t get yourself killed.”
He stretched his wings and flew off.  Over the mountain he flew, then turned back and dove for the goblins.  He scorched the tops of the trees with his breath.  The goblins screamed.  It was the first time she realized just how many of them there were.  Hundreds if not thousands of goblin voices screamed at Breathless.  They called him dragon.
Then the immortal came.  It was the same one from Carthart.  Marta’s heart stopped.  Breathless climbed higher into the sky as the man watched him.  He shielded his eyes trying to get a better look.  Breathless was gone.
“If it returns, come find me immediately!” commanded the immortal.  He quickly turned and left as the goblins collected.  
“Pull all the goblins.  Stand guard here!” yelled a goblin commander.
The plan, it seemed, had worked.  Goblins by the hundreds gathered.  The dwarves slunk back from the opening around the corner to watch the goings-on.  Marta watched the skies for Breathless mistaking the birds and the like for him as did the goblins.  They became excited with every leaf and every cloud.  It was maddening listening to their cries of terror.
Blankets were passed around as the dwarves quietly began making preparations for a long night in the mountain pass.  No food or fire, roughing it was the only option.  The children quieted down first, then the females.  Only the males seemed ready to stead the long night awake and on guard.
She could stand it no longer.  “How long does it take to make a sword?” she whispered in the most inaudible voice she could muster to her quiet companion.
Lothar shook his head silently as if to say it would not be that much longer.  She wished he would audibly say something, but they could be surrounded by goblins.  She was miserable knowing her simple question could have put them in grave danger of being discovered.  She cringed, hating herself and the whole situation.  She pulled her blanket up and over her head.  It reeked of sweat and dirt.  It was indeed going to be a long night.


Chapter 21
Swill was no hunter or tracker, but even he could see the tracks were of some wild beast unknown to most.  If a giant bird could have sprouted another toe and strutted around on four legs, this would be its tracks.  Deeply set in cool damp dirt they were clearly visible for all to see.
“We have little time for this,” remarked Barthas, “If we are to be chasing down dragons, we should not idle here long looking for some gigantic bird beast.”
“Yes, I agree, but that bird beast may sneak up on us and attack.  I do not want to be blindsided by a mutated chicken before getting even a small glimpse of the dragon.  Everyone, be on your guard.”
The party slowly inched forward.  Archers had drawn their arrows and swordsmen readied their swords as an attack felt imminent.  The farther they journeyed the fresher the tracks became.  Caution was high and the whole group was on edge.
Then the shadows started to play, first one then another.  It was as though the trees were alive and following them.  Were they being followed?  Were they being laughed at?  Swill swore he had seen faces staring back at him from the tops of the trees watching them move with lightning speed.  By the looks of some of the other men, they too saw the same things.  For fear of not wanting to look like a wimp, he said nothing but moved instead into center of the traveling party.
Dorthan was not concerned.  Living in the forest his whole life he was more comfortable with the eeriness of trees.  These men who were born in Carthart had only the shade of the tall cacti and tumbleweeds to rest under.  The shadows did not phase him in the slightest, even though they were irregular and seemed to move intelligently.  The path itself was irregular and if the shadows did move to attack, he at least would be ready.  He was a man on a mission.  No spooks or ghosts were going to deter him from his quest.
“So the stories are true then,” commented a smooth manly voice from somewhere above.
The men jumped with fright tightening their ranks as a lithe young man, no older than fifteen, leapt off the bottom most branch of his tree and stood before Dorthan with a smug look washing over his face.
Dorthan lifted his sword to the brash youngster eying him cautiously.  Why was a boy so young so deep in the forest all by himself?  And what was wrong with his skin?  Was it just his eyes, or was there a distinct green color pigmenting his entire body?
“Forgive me for my intrusion, but I had to make my presence known to you.  I am Mela from the Northern Woodlands.”  The boy’s voice was that of a grown man but he was no older than fifteen and even that was pushing it.  
“What stories if you do not mind me asking,” asked Dorthan gripping his sword, feeling the surge of energy pulse through his body.  He had to control himself.  The boy was only a few feet away and an easy target.
“Why, the rumors that the sword of Carthart had been championed.”
Dorthan gripped the sword tighter.  As he did, a flood of emotions began to overtake him: jealousy, animosity, and greed.  It was his, he had won it fair and square.  What did this boy know about it anyhow?  “And what about it?  You want to take the sword from me?  You have your people all hiding through out the trees waiting in ambush to take it back.  Is that it?”
“No, I assure you it is not.  You see, that sword you carry was my brother’s.”
Dorthan pointed the sword at the boy unsure of what to do.  It was against all rules of engagement to kill an innocent child no matter how brash or unusual.  He could only stand there and look at the boy who calmly gazed back at him with a lazy almost amused expression on his face.
“Do you want the sword back?” asked Dorthan not sure what else to say to the stranger.
The boy laughed, “My gracious no!  That sword caused my people enough grief.  It is high time it belonged to someone else.”
Dorthan lowered the sword and stared back at the child.  “What are you and how did you know of this sword?”
“I am an elf, if you have not yet guessed, and as for the rumors, well let’s just say word gets around.”
Dorthan dared not sheath his sword.  He was sure the elf, if in fact he was an elf, was hiding something, but there were more elves in the trees watching the conversation.  They were undeniably surrounded and possibly outnumbered.  He had to choose his words carefully or risk attack.  Having never come across an elf, he was unsure of his abilities.  Legend was all he had to go by, and if he remembered rightly, elves had once been fierce warriors.  It was a strange predicament he had found himself in.
“No doubt you have championed the sword and now chase after the dragon seen in these parts as of late to test the swords ability?” asked Mela with a smile.
Dorthan trusted him even less.  “Yes, we seek the dragon but have been waylaid by curiosity of these tracks before us.  Tell me, do you know what creature created these tracks, and if so, is it dangerous?”
“Those are tracks of the firedrake.  Dangerous, yes, but it has since departed these woods on its own adventure.  I believe it will not return this way for some time, if ever.  So I believe you are safe for now.”
“And what about you, if you do not mind me asking.  What are you and your people doing in the forest if not to track beasts?”
“We are in transit to our new home in the wild caves well south of here.  We were recently evicted from our home by the goblin threat.  I have heard you yourself have also encountered the goblins in Carthart.”
“Yes we had,” he answered suspiciously.  “How did you know?”
“Word travels fast, Dorthan.”
“How did you know my name?”
Mela smiled, “Word travels fast.”
Dorthan had now had enough of this.  He was altogether suspicious of this elf and his horde of spies.  He sneered at the boy and sheathed his sword.  “Well if that is all, I believe you have a long journey ahead of you.  I do not want to keep you waiting.”
Mela smiled.  “Oh, I think there is always time to make a new acquaintance or two.  Do you not agree?”
Dorthan eyed Barthas wanting to gather his opinion of the strange boy.  He too bore a look of mistrust.  Without another word, Dorthan nodded as kindly as he could and bid farewell to the boy.  Mela bowed politely and let him pass without incident and the party continued on its way deeper into the forest.
“What did you think of that?” asked Dorthan as he began to feel they had gone far enough out of earshot to be overheard.
“Strange creature.  I wonder if the boy did not put those tracks there himself to waylay the occasional passerby,” replied Barthas.
“You know, I did not think of that.  Perhaps we should be on guard.  If he was in fact an elf, we need to be doubly cautious.  I do not believe elves have any particular love of humans, and if I recall correctly, they were once violent warriors.”
“But what of the dragon?  I was going to tell you it had flown off high into the sky just as you tore off after it.  I do not know where we are going, and I was beginning to wonder if you did.”
“It seems the dragon’s den is somewhere in these parts.  When we find it, we will lay and wait.  It will return.”
“And in the mean time we can search for its gold and treasures within,” commented Swill.
Dorthan and Barthas eyed him over their shoulders then returned to their conversation.  “Do you think the elf will be a problem?” asked Barthas.
“Possibly not, but keep your eyes open.  There is something strange about that young man.”
“I think we should make more west towards the base of the Irion Mountains.  A dragon that size would be hard pressed to find safety in the forest.”
“Swill,” started Dorthan spinning on his heal only to find the elf following him. He had a similar voice to Swill and was becoming just as annoying.  More than that, the other elves had appeared and were following their leader, none of them looking older than fifteen or sixteen.  Some looked as young as ten.  Dorthan was filled with dread.  There were at least a hundred of them.
“I do not believe I invited you and your party to join us.”
“You did not.  We invited ourselves.  Perhaps we can be of service to one another.”
“I doubt it.  Do you not have a better place to be?  I thought you were traveling.”
“We will get to our destination in our own time.  We are long lived after all.”
Dorthan and Barthas both sneered.  Neither wanted the elves to tag along.  But there was no way to stop them without possible bloodshed.  They were clearly dangerous, clever, and deceptive.
“We go due north,” he replied.
“As you wish,” smiled Mela.
Dorthan turned and began walking again.  The tracks they followed also traveled due north.  He wondered if it was a coincidence.


Chapter 22
They traveled on for hours.  The forest only became more dense and dark and freezing cold.  The noises of the forest began to quieten and soon the men felt they were going nowhere.  The tracks, however, were as fresh as they ever were.  It was as if the beast was right in front of them but nowhere to be found.
The night was going to be a long one for Dorthan.  The elves apparently did not need rest which proved to be unfortunate for him since now he had to feign being tired the further they marched.  They could never know he did not require sleep.  He could not explain to them he was an immortal.
Beyond all this, there was still no sign of the dragon or the firedrake.  He was beginning to feel the day’s journey had been wasted.  There had not been any new signs of either, only the continuing tracks which seemed too perfect.  Every track the same depth and size.  There was no natural variation in the steps, and there was still no sign of a dragon hold anywhere in sight.  
“Perhaps your men would like a rest.  Your kind does require sleep,” offered Mela.
Dorthan stopped.  The thought had crossed his mind but he would be damned if he stopped because it was the boy’s idea.  He would continue until the men’s feet fell off if he had to.
“May be best,” commented Barthas.  “This is as nice a spot as any.”
“Do what you must” said Dorthan. “I’m going to take a look around.”
Swill nearly dropped right where he stood as Dorthan paced the clearing.  He was not built for this arduous pace.  His feet ached, and his knees throbbed.  He was tired.  All he wanted to do was sleep for a very long time.
“You think you’re in the clear, don’t you?”
Swill looked over.  In the darkness were two men sitting in the shade of a tall tree.  He could see the reflection of their eyes staring at him.  He remembered one was named Rhan and the other Leod.  He ever only knew them to hang around the casks more than any other man.  They were not fighters.  He though they were along for the ride.  They were loud and rude and as far as Swill could tell, there was nothing remarkable about either of them.  He turned away hoping they were not about to start something and point the wrath of Dorthan in his direction.  All he wanted to do was rest.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“We’re talking about that man you killed back when the goblins attacked,” answered Rhan.
Swill remained quiet.  He did not want to incriminate himself but he had to know where they were leading the conversation.  These two seemed the type to easily and freely give their opinions, but how ready were they to pull swords?  He would have to wait for them to finally run out of words hopefully not inciting them both to fight.  Even in his present state he could perhaps take one easily if need be.  He could not readily take them both.
“It seems to me,” continued Leod, “that you thought no one saw your little tussle.  Well we did.  Didn’t we Rhan?”
“We did, and frankly, I don’t like it, traveling on with a murderer who won’t fess up to his crimes.  Tell me, boy, how many others met the same fate as that man?”
Swill hunkered down ready to fall asleep.  The men were all talk.  They would run out of hot air eventually, hopefully.
“You have nothing to say, boy?” asked Rhan.
 “Did that man have anything to say before you gutted him?” asked Leod.
Swill remained silent.
“Sleeping next to a murderer!  He’ll slit our throats in our sleep.”
“We should slit his before he has a chance to slit ours.”
“And become a murderer like him?” asked another voice.
Barthas leaned against the tree opposite Swill.  He had not heard the man come up.  A swelling of relief came over him.  Barthas was a good man.  He was an honest man, though.  Slowly the relief was being replaced with deep dread.  He was about to disappoint again.  He had not yet been honest with the man who had given him and yet another second chance.
“Would it help you sleep better at night to have his blood on your hands, or would you prefer a pacifier?”
One of the men scoffed.
“Have either of you men been in battle?”
The men remained silent.
“It turns all of us into murderers.  Is his crime so grievous to turn you into murders as well?”
“We don’t want him in our ranks!” said Leod.
“Who would you have in your ranks?” barked Barthas.  “A man who can take a life, or a man who cowers to his enemies?”
“So what would you have us do?  Kill all our enemies without trial?  Tear into someone because we don’t like them?” asked Rhan.
“I would have you stop acting like a clutch of babies!  What business is it of yours his past?  Did you know the man?  Was he your friend?  Perhaps he was a vile man who would have easily slit your throat in your sleep.  Maybe Swill did you all a favor.  What business is that of yours?”
“Its not right!” complained Rhan.
“Then best him!  Have your say not with words but with swords!”
In one swift move Barthas pulled Swill to his feet and introduced a sword into his right hand.  Rhan appeared in the firelight.  He was old and withered but seasoned.  He had a deep scar running down his face.  His hand was steady, and his sword was long.
Swill gripped Barthas’s short sword, the same falchion wore at his side at all time.  It as his go-to weapon in emergencies.  It was secretly his favorite though long swords were more popular in battle.
Rhan lunged.  Swill dodged.  Rhan was rusty.  This was good.  It was apparent he was going to need all the luck he could get.  The man was once talented but not so much anymore.  In two strikes, the man began to stumble.  In three more, Swill’s arm was bleeding but the man was showing signs of weakening.  Four swipes and Swill stumbled but the man was shaking.  Rhan lunged haphazardly and Swill saw his chance.  The man swiped and missed completely.  Swill hit him in the temple with his fist.  Rhan fell into a heap on the ground.  Swill positioned his sword at the man’s throat.  Rhan froze.  Barthas clapped his hands.  Swill was surrounded by other men who had gathered to watch the fight.  He let the man up.  
“It is settled.  Swill is a hunter and as fine a warrior as any of us.  His past is his own business.  We will be grateful he is on our side.”
“He’s still a murderer,” murmured Rhan.
Barthas drew his broadsword and aimed it at the man’s throat.  “In battle, we are all murderers.  His past is none of your concern.”
The crowd dispersed.  Swill looked at his injured arm as Barthas stayed behind.
“You are beyond killing innocents, aren’t you?” he asked quietly.
“It was a one time thing.  I had no other choice.”
“I assumed as much, or at least I hoped.  Don’t make a habit out of it.”
“Did you always know?”
“That you were a murderer?”
Swill nodded.
“I had heard the rumor but dismissed it.  You did not strike me as the type if person who goes around killing people.  Things happen.  People change.  I only know you as the man you are now, not the man you were then.  You have always been somewhat honorable in my eyes.  Sometimes people just need a second chance.”
“Thank you,” was all Swill could say.
“Get your arm administered to.”
With that, Barthas left.  Swill immediately made to the only person with healing skills.  He hated to have to ask, but no one around had any real physician’s abilities.  Dorthan, however, had a sword that could heal anything.  He wanted to kick himself.  What was worse, as Swill approached, he could plainly see Dorthan was in no mood to talk.
“What pain are you causing now?” he asked as Swill sat down.
“Just bonding with the men,” offered Swill.
To his surprise, Dorthan laughed out loud.  “Do you call getting your backside handed to you bonding?”
“I’ll have you know I won fair and square.” 
Dorthan nodded his head, his face in mock surprise.  He pulled his sword without a word and placed the hilt on the wound.  It healed itself in seconds.  “Next time, try a deck of cards, less dangerous.”
“I would rather play with swords.  I’m terrible at cards.”
Dorthan laughed again despite himself.  The boy was trying not to be so annoying.  He had to relent.  Swill was not all that useless.  It had been a really long day.  His temper was short, and frankly he wanted nothing more than to be alone with his thoughts.  He found it strange his nuisance was inadvertently helping him calm down. 
“Get some rest, boy.”
Swill smiled.  He left back to his tree surprised to see a few others had overtaken it.  They moved around to afford him space of his own and even offered him a flask of something stout to drink.  It was slightly mildewed, but refreshing nonetheless.  For the first time in a long time, Swill felt almost like he belonged somewhere.
“You know he killed a man back in Carthart?” asked Barthas.
Dorthan’s mood began to sour.  “No, I was unaware.”
“He’s a good man I think.  He just needs guidance.”
“I’m no babysitter.”
“And he’s no baby.”
Dorthan bit down hard.  He valued the captain’s opinion.  He was a deep cool river of wisdom.  He had only known one or two men like him in all his years as a captain himself.  He had always envied men like him for their calmness in the very worst of situations.  He wondered if things would have been different if he had been more calm and thought about his actions before enacting them.  He knew things would be vastly different.  He may have stayed with Marta and come on her journey with her, protecting her from the dangers as he should have.  He realized she went to her grave thinking he was not there for her, that he had not followed.  He hated himself.
“You going to get some sleep?” asked Barthas.
“I think it would be best if I don’t.  My nightmares are less vivid when my eyes are open.”
Barthas slapped his hand on his shoulder then left him to his thoughts.  All night he watched the damnable elves.  They did not sleep either and he wondered if they watched him not sleeping as well.  He wondered if they were suspicious of his behavior.  They had taken a liking to him, if one could call it that.  Did they know even before they introduced themselves that he was an immortal?  What exactly did they know? 
Hours passed.  He could sense morning was slowly approaching.  Another day of marching was about to unfurl before them, but to what avail?  There was no proof the dragon was even in these parts anymore.  This thought made his mood sour even more, but then the ground began to shake.  The air began to get hot, hotter than the campfire would allow.  The wind picked up just as a raging fireball entered the camp.  The men fled the scene as another rolled through setting a tree afire.  
“Dragon!” yelled Dorthan as the men ran away from the blaze.  “To swords!”
None of the men seemed willing to return.  In a moment, Barthas was by his side, and strangely, so was Swill.  The three tried to rally the men to no avail.  They were the only ones left stupid enough to stand their ground.
“We’re with you, sir.” added an overly calm Mela.  He had behind him all his men and a few females as well.
The sun was just beginning to rise as the mixed party began their assault.  The Elves had patients and presence of mind to procure a rope and they were all armored and well armed.  All in all there was less than a hundred trying to kill the beast, and it was going to take all of them to bring it down.  
They rushed into the forest as the dragon lifted off and flew around the tree tops.  It was playing with them again, ducking and dodging and always just out of reach of the arrows.  They chased it deep into the woods, tiring quickly as the altitude rose.  The beast was far bigger than he had remembered.  It scorched the tops of the trees and sent flaming branches down on top of their heads, yet they moved on.  Only the bravest remained at his side. Dorthan realized he could not do this alone.  He was glad for the company.
Barthas and Swill had to stop.  “We need another plan.”
“I agree,” said Mela.  “Perhaps if we surrounded it as it landed we could throw a rope around its body as it tried to fly away.”
“Yes and be dragged into the heavens.  I agree we should wait for it to alight but I feel it is not a victory for only one or two of us.  If any of you with arrows get close enough, shoot it.  We need to wound it severely enough we can get in there with swords and finish it off.”
“Agreed.”
They approached.  The dragon was sitting in a large clearing.  The men slowly crept around to their places.  The team divided into three groups with one human at the helm and elves complimenting his sword with their arrows.  They approached silently.  The elves made not a single sound.  Dorthan wished his immortality came with some of those infamous powers the other immortals had.  He could have made a quick lunch of the dragon with just a flick of his wrist.
They had it cornered.  
“Can you tie one of your ropes to an arrow and let it loose across its body?”
Mela nodded.
“Tie the other end at the tree and see if we can simply tie it down.”
Mela knocked an arrow and let it loose.  The dragon was alarmed as several other arrows were let loose with ropes attached as well.  Dorthan realized the elves could communicate without words.  This was slightly disturbing but he had no time to contemplate it.  He rushed into the clearing.  The elves held the ropes taught, their strength surprising for their youthful stature.  
Swill came from the opposite side.  The beast writhed against its bonds, its claws rending the ground.  Swill stayed as close to it as he could get without being stepped on.  Its wings flapped feverishly under the restraints.  It roared, sending a fireball into the forest and lighting several trees on fire.  He hacked at the leathery wings as best he could, trying to render it flightless.  It slowly began to bleed golden droplets of blood.
Barthas sliced its back legs as it roared again.  He wanted to keep it from running off as Swill worked on its wings.  Its hide was hard like stone.  His sword glanced off its hide and landed in the soft grass several feet away.  He picked it up and tried again.  He stabbed at it directly.  Its point only nicked its flesh.
More ropes tied the beast to the trees.  It writhed and wiggled but in the end it was beaten.  It could not move.
Dorthan waited until the beast quieted down.  It seemed to be calmed, relaxed and waiting for something to happen.  It waited for its death.
Swill approached from one side as Barthas approached from the other.  This was Dorthan’s prize.  He thought about Marta.  He thought about how he had abandoned her.  The only thing he could do now was to avenge her death.
He raised his sword.


Chapter 23
Marta awoke to the sounds of a bluebird singing right beside her ear.  It was Lothar actually sitting beside her whistling commands to the other dwarves.  It was still early or perhaps it was extremely late.  She could not tell time here in the mountain pass, but she could tell something was going on by the panicked and frantic pace of the dwarf men.  She looked around to see if she could tell.  She realized almost instantly that the women and children were no where to be seen.
“What is going on?” she asked quietly.
Lothar motioned to the opening and she gazed in the direction.  She could discern nothing out of the ordinary except the strange sounds coming from that direction.  Odd, what was that?
“A g-goblin f-f-found our place an hour ag-go,” commented Lothar.
Marta eyed him curiously then looked back to the opening.  There was just enough moss that she could see a shape in the negative space.  There wiggling in what could only be a rope was a black mass, unmistakably a goblin.  It squirmed and squealed against its bindings.
“What are you going to do with it?”
Lothar looked deep into her eyes.  His face was only inches from hers.  “Y-you’re going to k-kill it.”
She was horrified.  “ME?”
He removed a small dagger from his boot and handed it over. She gripped it firmly unable to see the tip.  It was black in her hand and set against the rocks it blended in perfectly.  Her heart began to beat rapidly as her fingers went ice cold.  He gripped her arm in his calloused hand and pulled her to the front.
The dark blob squirmed as she approached.  Her hand shook as she began to make out its shape.  It was gruesome, the most hideous beast she had ever seen.  Gnarled and disfigured, she could not fathom how it even walked upright.  Of course she realized the dwarves had done an excellent job of tying it up.  It gazed up at her and she could see the terror in its eyes, barely.
“It is an a-ab-bomination.  K-kill it and be d-done with it.”
Her stomach lurched.  She did not know where to put the knife.  Should she slice its throat?  Should she try to sever its spine?  Or stick it through its ribs?
Tears began to fall from her eyes and yet she did not know why.  She had killed animals from afar with her bow countless times, but this was different.  The creature could speak.  It could think.  It was a trapped animal terrified for its life.  And what’s more, it was not a rabbit or a deer meant to be consumed.  It was a person just as she was.  It was murder outright.
“It would kill you if-f it got-t the ch-chance.  Im-magine if it were trying to k-kill your f-family.  It drove us f-from our home.”
“I know,” she whispered.  Her whole body was shaking.  “What do I do?”
“S-slit its-s throat.  Cut him d-deep.”
Lothar kneeled beside it and gripped a handful of the creature’s hair.  The darkness flowed through his brown fingers like a river of ink.  The creature grunted and watched her with eyes wide as she slowly approached.  She was a mess.
She knelt by its side.  She could smell its odor.  It reeked of death and sweat and dirt and something else.  Blood.  Caked and old, she imagined its face and hands covered with the dried blood of her friends.  It was her only solace.
“Enough,” called an all too familiar voice from behind her.
Groth had returned and in his hands was a long package wrapped in some sort of parchment or cloth which she could not tell.  He lifted her gently by her elbow and removed the dagger from her hand.  “Her first kill shall be the immortal and only the immortal.  She is better than that.”
He led her back towards the others as Lothar ended the suffering of the creature behind her.  Her body was weary and she was ready to leave the place and never come back.
“He should not have done that.  I apologize.”
He handed her the item. It was covered with the softest silk.  “The presentation should have been more exciting, yet here we are.  Perhaps if we all survive today, we will have a proper naming ceremony.”
“Naming ceremony?”
“Yes, milady, all proper swords need a name, but perhaps later when there is more time.”
She unwrapped her sword and smiled.  She could see it.  It had occurred to her any sword that was made would be just a sharp black stick to her eyes.  This somehow glowed a gentle brown as Dorthan’s sword glowed green.  She paused thinking about him hoping he found what he was looking for.
“Its brown, like you!”
Groth stared quizzically at the blade she held in her hand.  “It is silver, milady.”
“No, I mean you magicked it or something.  I can see it.  It is brown.”
“I blessed it.  It is a courtesy of the dwarves to bless their most sacred items.  It is a ward to protect you, ad I am sure you would agree you may need it.”
“Thank you.  I really do not know what to say.  It is beautiful.”
“And flimsy,” said  Telfor.  “Silver is indeed soft.  It is sharp, but I fear it will not hold its edge for prolonged use.  Hit him hard.  You may only have one chance.”
She smiled though her heart was breaking.  It was time.  She knew this.  She still did not feel encouraged enough to walk up to an immortal and kill him.  But there was nothing else to do.  She moved closer to the opening.
“W-we will be r-right behind you,” commented Lothar.
“You’re coming with me?”
“You won’t make it past the goblins unless you have help,” said Telfor.  He was fastening his belt.
Breathless roared in the distance.
“That very well may be your queue,” said Groth.
The goblins beyond the opening scurried around yelling and panicking more than was necessary.  They called for the immortal.  Marta’s heart raced as her a tingle shot through her spine.  Her limbs shook all over.  It was now or never.
She leapt from the fissure and darted right, keeping the mountain to her good hand.  She ran as quickly as she could down the path.  She saw no sign of the goblins as she went.  Perhaps Breathless was leading them away from her.  Nice.  
A wide and deep opening appeared before her and there he was.  The immortal stood at the foot of grass strewn steps.  He affixed something to his wrist, a guard perhaps.  He was decked in fineries of battle.  This was not good.  She had no chance.  She took a deep breath.
“Humans!” yelled a goblin coming upon them from the further depths of the mountain forest.
“And dwarves!” yelled another one.
The immortal turned to look as she bound towards him a smug look crossing his face.  He waived off the goblins and nearly laughed at her and her entourage.  Her face was fierce, and her jaw was clinched.  Hopefully he could not sense just how terrified she was.
“I demand my pound of flesh!” she yelled.
A cacophony of laughter and jeers echoed through the rocks.  She held her sword in front of her pointing it towards the immortal as more and more goblins came from the forest.  
“Pound for pound?” asked the immortal leering.
“It is my right.  For Carthart and my new friends the dwarves.”
“For your friends the dwarves?  And what of Carthart?” he laughed.  Then his face turned serious.  As he eyed her, his eyes slowly began to widen.  “It is you, the girl from Carthart!”
She approached the man and pointed her sword at his throat.  “Will you honor the rights of the old laws?”
He laughed.  “I wrote the old laws!” he screamed, his demeanor was insane.  He screamed with the politest smile on his face. 
With a flick of his wrist a large object appeared.  It was a chair.  He lounged in it staring at her with a disgusting sneer.  He chuckled to himself then waived his hand.  “Go on.  Try your trickery with that sword.  Then when you are done, I am going to crush every bone in your body.  I am going to disembowel you through your nostrils.  I am going to char your body to a crisp, and when I am done, I will bring you back to life just so you can experience it again and again and again.  You will beg for death before I am through, and you will have plenty of time to rethink your brash and rude behavior.  You snippet, you trash!  Your sword will do nothing to me, and yet I can do so much to you!  Have at it then!  If you dare!”
The goblins laughed.  Most seemed content to stand by and watch.  The dwarves stood in a stalemate against the wall watching her advance.  She gripped her sword in her sweaty shaking hands and approached.  The closer she stepped the more his smile widened.  His teeth looked sharp.  She hoped that was her imagination, but she smiled back.  He thought the sword was Dorthan’s sword, the sword of Carthart.
Her hands shook as she gripped her sword with both hands, but the fear was fading.  She stepped close to him and raised her sword.  Griping it like a club she swung, all her fear and fury wrapped into one last chance for her life.  She could not stop the momentum even if she tried.  This was it.  She closed her eyes.
The sword hit something firm.  With a thud the sword was wrenched from her grip.  She opened her eyes and jumped back expecting the worse.
The immortal sat there silently watching her.  He sat motionless, her sword lodged behind his throat.  She could not see where exactly it was.  Then she understood.
Slowly his body changed.  The glow in his fingers and throat began to diminish before her eyes.  His head tipped forward.  His eyes closed and his head rolled from his body landing with a metallic thud on the stone steps below.  Her sword remained lodged in the back of the wooden seat where his head had once been.  She had done it.  He was dead.  Shethra was right.
A growl brought her attention to the remaining problem.  She was still surrounded by goblins, and none of them in a peaceful mood.  She wrenched her sword from the chair and turned to face an onslaught of goblins slowly approaching from the forest.
“You killed our lord and master!”
“I have freed you from his slavery!”
The dwarves rushed in as the goblins rushed her.  She backed closer to the mine entrance, closer to the darkness.  Several goblins went after her only to rethink their approach turning tail last minute.  At least she had the death of their creator to hold against them.  They were afraid of her, afraid of her sword.  This made her feel immensely more confident.  She almost had the nerve to join the fight but held back.  She was not stupid, nor was she trained for hand-to-hand combat.
Then a goblin approached, and he was not stopping.  He ran towards her.  She swung at him as he swiped at her.  She could feel the adrenaline coursing through her veins.  He fell silently to the ground and became still.  She could get used to killing goblins.  She could not see their blood or the horrible looks on their faces when they died.   She was beginning to feel pleased with herself.
Yet through her triumph, she wished Dorthan was there.  Although her first kill was inspiring and slightly unnerving, she still wanted him there, not for protection necessarily but for guidance.  She hoped he was happily on the road to Erath.  She felt bad for him.  He was all alone and she was surrounded by new friends.  She missed him.  
A roar paused the fighting as Breathless appeared from over the tree line.  He snapped and clawed his way through the goblin forces.  There was a panic in his stride.  Marta began to feel lightheaded.  Something was wrong.  There was something hot trickling down her leg.  The goblin had sliced her deeply.  Her side was pouring blood.  She had not even known.  She could not feel anything.
I need you.
Shethra’s voice echoed through her head.  It was urgent.  Marta felt panicked.  Now what?
Hurry.
She gripped Breathless and clamored onto his back.  He began to flap his wings which sent the goblins into a frenzy. 
Before they got too high, she noticed a strange scene occurring in the middle of a group of goblins.  The head of the immortal was being hoisted back through their ranks.  They were protecting it.  It was their idol.  Marta grew angry.  That was her prize.
Breathless bolted for it.  He glided over the ranks and clawed at the idol then flapped his wings propelling them high into the air taking flight.  The goblins faded quickly and the clouds engulfed her as they rose higher and higher.  Her head began to swim and soon she became aware she felt bad.  She felt really bad.  Either because of the altitude Breathless had taken or the loss of blood from her side, her whole body felt shaky.  Her stomach quaked and her face became hot.  She was losing grip in her fingers.  Her body began to turn cold and shiver.  She felt her body begin to fall as the green forest beneath them slowly faded to nothingness. 


Chapter 24
Something massive hit Dorthan like a ton of bricks.  It bowled him over.  He hit the ground hard, his breath knocked from his lungs.  His sword flew from his hands and lodged itself in a tree.  He could only hear the men panicking, their screams and cries of fright alerting him to a new danger.  Had the dragon gotten loose?  He had to kill it and fast.  He sprang to his feet and spun around.  A large creature the size of a horse and red like the dragon stood at alarm baring its sharp teeth at the men and elves as they slowly approached.
The dragon seemed content to set still.  Dorthan had to focus on the new creature.  This had to be the firedrake the elves had warned him about. He took a step forward and froze.  There before him was a body, small in stature and dressed exactly as he had seen her as she fell over the cliff two days before.  He collapsed by her  side.  She was unconscious and covered in blood.
“Marta!” he yelled scooping her frail form into his arms and screaming in her face.  She had to be alive.  She had to wake up.
“Is it really her?” asked Swill.
“Quick, get my sword!”
Swill ran into the forest and grabbed his sword, wrenching it from the tree as quickly as he could and ran back to his master.  Dorthan gripped it and maneuvered the sword all over her body unsure where her injury was.
Her eyes fluttered.  The warmth was flooding her body.  She looked into the skies and saw the face of the one person she wanted to see above all else.
“Dorthan!  What are you doing here?”
“There is no time to explain,”
He tried to lift her but she clutched her side.  A sharp pain shot through her abdomen.  Dorthan quickly rubbed the hilt over her wound.  He had to get her to safety yet he could not let the dragon get loose.  He found himself in a strange predicament.  He had just gotten his friend back.  He was not about to loose her to the firedrake.  
“You have to get out of here.  There are strange creatures about.  It is no place for you.  Take Swill and leave back to Carthart.”
Marta pulled herself up into a sitting position.  The sword worked remarkably well.  She felt better than she had in days. She looked to Dorthan who seemed not to be paying her any attention anymore as if his last word was his final.  He stood against Breathless who had his wings up in a threatening gesture.  What was going on here?
“Run, now!” commanded Dorthan.
Her mind cleared, and she realized what was going on.  What she saw appalled her.  Her friend and longtime companion Shethra was tied to the ground.  Dorthan was in the midst of taking a swipe at Breathless, and somehow the elves were just standing there watching all this unfold.
She fumed almost beyond what was necessary.  She was tired of taking orders.  She had done more in her time away from Dorthan than she had when she was with him.  Breathless stood glaring at Dorthan who was the obvious reason for his extreme fury.  Marta’s head ached as Breathless’s  anger connected with her own.  An overwhelming urge to fight launched her body into overdrive.  She bolted towards Dorthan pushing him aside.  She stood next to Breathless puling her silver sword from its scabbard holding it against Dorthan’s throat.
“Let the dragon go.  Unleash her now!”
The turn in her demeanor turned all the attention towards her.  Dorthan could tell she meant business.  He raised his hands in surrender knowing if she continued this assault his own secret would be found out then all mayhem would brake loose.  He backed away slowly.  If she tried anything brash the firedrake would surely attack her.  He had to calm her down.  She was standing far too close to both of the beasts.
“Are you mad?  Marta, step away from the dragon.”
“Let her go,” she growled.  
There was a fierceness in her eyes Dorthan could not place.  Her whole behavior had changed.  Even her voice seemed more raw and gruffer, manly and somewhat crazed.
“If we let it go, will you put the sword down?”
She nodded.
He shook his head but had to relent.  Something had changed in his friend.  She was not going to back down no matter what he said or did, and if she tried anything against him, he was afraid she was going to get hurt.  He waived his hand signaling the elves to let go of the reigns.  He prepared for the worst watching as the beast reared up and growled loudly into the skies.
To his amazement, it did not snap or try to scorch.  The dragon simply sat up and licked its injured paw.
“She’s hurt.  Quick, Dorthan, give me your sword.”
He stood dumbfounded.  
She turned and looked at him.  “Now!”
He handed it over.  She walked up to the beast as the men froze in their tracks.
“Are you hurt Shethra?” she whispered.
Only in certain places.
She eyed Dorthan one more time making sure he was not going to do anything stupid before placing the hilt against the first injury she came across.  It healed as easily as her own then quickly she made her way around to the other wounds.  In a matter of minutes, Shethra was completely healed.  Marta stood back waiting for her to say something.  Instead, she simply sauntered off into the woods then flew off on her own accord.
“You’re welcome,” she called after her.
“Would you mind telling me what in lords name is going on?  We have traveled for days to slay your dragon, and now you let it go.”
“That is Shethra.  She is my Shethra, and we were right to pursue her, not to kill her, but to seek her advice.”
She handed Dorthan back his sword and patted Breathless on the nose before kneeling to remove the immortal’s head from its claws.  The color in Dorthan’s face began to wane.  She smiled.  She felt like her old self again.  She playfully tossed the head to Dorthan who caught it and examined it while holding her in his gaze.
“And what is this?”
Swill recognized it almost immediately, “That’s the immortal from Carthart.”
“It was the immortal from Carthart,” she smiled, “He is little more than a statue of the most pure silver now.”
“But how?”
“That I will explain on the way to Dwelborn.”
“And what, may I ask, is in Dwelborn?”
“It is where the dwarves are,” she smiled.
“Dwarves?” asked Barthas  “You have the extinct dwarves and here we have the extinct elves.  Does the world not have anymore mysteries to solve for a day?”
She sneered.  Mela moved forward into the clearing so that Marta could get a good look at him.  He was greener, if one could imagine.  She stared at him hoping he felt horrible for abandoning the Dwarves and for forsaking them all.
“Mela,” remarked Marta as cool as possible, “It is nice to see you again.”
Dorthan glowered.  They lied to him.  “You know the elves?”
“They rescued me from the river, he and Groth, my dwarf friend.”
“And how are your dwarves?” asked Mela.
Marta then remembered.  “We have to go back for them.  They were fighting the goblins after I killed the immortal.”
The men stood dumb again.
“We have to go, now!”
“Where are we going?” asked Dorthan.
“I don’t know how to get there,” she realized, “Can you help us, Mela?  Please, I cannot get back there on my own.  We have to help them.”
Mela nodded, “As you wish.”
The elves proceeded to travel as Marta mounted Breathless and began to follow.
“You ride this beast so effortlessly.  You have quite changed,” stated Dorthan.
“For the best I might add,” stated Barthas.
“I disagree, I don’t think I have changed so much.”
“I’m just happy you’re alive,” offered Swill.
“I’m somewhat surprised you’re still here, Swill.”
“Frankly so am I.”
“Well I’m glad you’re here,” she smiled.
Swill smiled back.  He felt strange around her now that she was not dead.  Maybe this was another second chance.  He wondered why he had so many chances to start over.  Maybe it was because he screwed them up so often.  He realized he felt happy for once.  He vowed he would do anything to keep this feeling going forever if he could.  He would stop at nothing to keep it going.
“How far are these dwarves of yours?”  asked Barthas.
“Just over the mountains.  We have to hurry.  I had to leave them in the midst of battle.”
“And how many did you kill?” asked Dorthan.
“Just the immortal and at least one goblin,” she smiled.
Dorthan smiled back at her.  She had changed, or maybe it was he who had changed.  He was relieved beyond all words by her miraculous reappearance.  She was indeed something special.  She had always known that herself, yet every time she had tried to tell him or show him, he dismissed her.  He could have kicked himself.  He knew he would never dismiss her or her abilities again.
They traveled at an arduous pace.  Just three men and Marta were the only ones left of the near two hundred men who had departed from Carthart on their mission.  Marta would not have it any other way.  The trials they had come through separated the mice from the men, and now they were on the journey of their lives, to meet the dwarves and finally become a powerful force against the immortals.  The end was coming for them.  Marta was going to be a part of that.
“How long do you believe we are going to travel?” asked Swill who was now feeling the pain from the mere minutes of sleep he had the night before.
“Several hours I’m afraid,” said Mela.  “The mountain pass alone is six hours of foot time.”
“It seemed like longer than that,” commented Marta.
“I suspect if all goes well and we do not stop, we will get to Dwelborn sometime as night falls.” 
Swill grimaced.  He was growing more and more tired by the moment, but he would not falter.  He was just barely gaining the trust of Barthas and Dorthan.  This was a task he was going to succeed at without complaint.  He knew Dorthan never rested and Barthas was a soldier.  Marta had her strange steed who would allow her rest as much as she needed.  He was going to hoof it like a soldier.
They traveled and traveled and traveled until darkness began to fall and still they marched at a grueling pace.  Swill was prepared to collapse when a fissure in the mountain opened before them.  He could not take one step further.
“We’re home,” commented Mela.
“Now lets see what kind of home we have come home to,” said Marta.
They prepared themselves as they slowly stepped from the fissure into the mountain pass.  There they were greeted by none other than Groth who was apparently on watch.
“Marta, my girl!  We missed you after the battle.  And you bring company I see.  Very good.  Mela, nice to see you again.”
Mela nodded.  “And how fares the people of the mountain?”
“We are much improved.  The goblins have fled into the mountains and Dwelborn is now in the custody of the dwarves.”
“You won!” cheered Marta.
“We won, Marta my dear.  It was all thanks to you.  And because of you and in your honor, in case you did not return and we would never see you again, we have prepared a feast!”
Swill could have fainted. It was more than he could have wished for.  He was ready for a decent meal and a long nap.  “Thank the lords, I am starving!”
“No, my boy, thank Marta and her fantastic sword!” laughed Groth.
Dorthan smiled.  He was more than ready to hear the exploits of his friend.  “Thank Marta indeed.  We have much to discuss over a fine meal.”
“Then please enter and be our guests,” said Groth.  “The food is getting cold and the beer is getting warm.”


Chapter 25
Ferdor cringed as the list of grievances grew longer and longer.  His heart was breaking.  The boy was close to his son Silas in both age and temperament.  He had stayed over at his house several times before.  They had shared birth celebrations every year since childhood.  He was like a third son.  How could his rap sheet be so long?
What was worse, this could implicate his son in his shenanigans.  What would he do then?  He could not let his son die.  He would not let his family suffer at the hands of the immortals.  He would run if he had to.  He would take them all to Carthart, his safety be damned.  His family meant more to him than his very life.  He would gladly give it if it meant his family would be safe.
The boy, Alton, stood proudly at the alter in front of everyone.  His mother wept into Dara’s arms.  If the stupidity had worked, he would have been the greatest of  legends.  But he dared poison Lord Nathair who was not going to be killed by any conventional means.  It was stupid, a ridiculous way to get oneself killed.  He could do nothing for the boy.  But he had been surprised by the boy’s heart.  He was confident, preposterously so.  If he had used that intelligence and confidence to any other means, he would have been a great warrior, politician, or poet.  He would at least be alive.  Even a beggar on the street would be better than cold in a shallow grave.
But to what end?  A great warrior who killed his own people at the command of  immortals was no true warrior.  Maybe his rebelliousness was heroic in its own way.  He would rather die than to conform to the rules and tyranny of the Lords.  In a way, he envied the boy.  He had the freedom to choose his own death.  It would not affect anyone but himself and perhaps his mother.  He had no wife or children who would suffer from his misfeasance.  He was Ferdor’s hero in his own way.  He just hoped his son would not follow in his footsteps.
The boy slipped into the afterlife peacefully.  He was fortunate.  Most would-be assassins were killed by the hand of Lord Nathair in person and painfully.  Nathair had fortunately busied himself elsewhere for the morning.  He wondered what had occupied the immortal so much more than making an example of a young boy for the entertainment of his immortal friends who were themselves out in record number.
He had been summoned, though.  After the execution he was to meet Nathair in his private garden.  It was time.  The boy was being carted off to the graveyard.  Dara was going to have her hands full this afternoon.  Alton’s mother was overly opinionated, but he could not chastise the woman for her correct assumptions of the goings on of the humans in Ardath.  She thought they were all well trained poodles.  She was right about that and about many other things, but everyone knew there was nothing anyone could do about any of their destinies.
“He passed peacefully?” asked Nathair examining some strange flower hanging from a basket in mid air.
“He passed peacefully.  I was wondering why you had not attended, my lord.  I know it was not my business to ask, but your absence was duly noted.”
“People did not miss my presence.  In fact, I assume they would rather me not be there at all.”
He wondered if there was a slight disappointment in the lord’s demeanor.  Surely he did not feel some sort of loss for the boy.  Immortals felt nothing.  He had to find out more.  
“I think the people were pleased you chose not to end the boy’s life in your usual fashion.  I think it would have been most disturbing.”
“Such a waste.  He was only fifteen, yes?  And considered young even for your kind?”
“He was a youth.”
“And a friend of your son I believe.”
Ferdor froze.  “My son is not so stupid.  He knows the ramifications of the choices he makes.”
Nathair nodded.  “Does he?  Did that boy?  I wonder the stupidity of youth.  Is he not so gullible, so easily swayed?”
“No, my lord.  He has seen the deaths of his friend and all the others before him. He knows the rules and the consequences and what will happen to him and his family.”
“And he understands what will soon happen to the boy’s mother?” 
“It is unfortunate what will no doubt become of the boy’s mother.  At least Alton is already deceased and will not see what will happen to her.  It is a fate my son will no doubt learn from.  He knows better than to defy you, or at least he will know.”
“That’s good.  I would hate to have to loose you as a captain, for I feel your family would not be spared if I had to execute your son as well.”
“I assure you, you will not have to.”
Nathair smiled.  “Good.  And how are your armies?”
“Still on high alert though there has been no sign of any intruding force.”
“They are close.  I want your men to be ready.  And make sure the Lords Repnost, Rhordyre, and Bolfa are at your side when they attack.  They are already talking about killing your people in the streets, bloodthirsty savages.  I do not approve.”
“It is pleasing, my lord, that you would protect my people from your kind.”
“It is not.  I need your people to eradicate more of your kind.  And when there is no longer a man or woman living outside Ardath, your people will be open game.”
“Then I thank you for your civility.  I wonder, then, why you do not send out our forces to meet the armies who would assault our city in a few days time.  Would it not be more beneficial to catch them off guard?”
“No.  While they busy themselves Irion Mountains, their numbers diminish.  They will be easier to defeat when their numbers have dwindled to nothing.”
“The Irion Mountains?” asked Ferdor. “There have been no reports of any Carthartians near Ardath, and they would have had to pass this ways to get to the mountains.”
Nathair smiled.  Ferdor had to turn away.  There was a sinister feeling overriding his senses.  It happened every time any lord smiled that particular devious smile.  It was pure darkness covering something ominous.  “None that you can see with your own eyes.  The only threats you will ever know are the ones you can feel.  There are powers at play that are out of even my hands.”
Ferdor could not speak.  Was Nathair afraid of something?  What could be out of his control?  “We cannot see them?  How could that be?”
“Just know magic is a tricky mistress.  They are here, or they were here.  They have already crossed our borders and are now in the Irion Mountains.”
“But why the Irion Mountains?” asked Ferdor.  It seemed strange.  “What are they doing in the mountains?”
“Hunting,” smiled Nathair in his menacing toothy glare.
Ferdor knew better than to push.  “And what of Carthart?  If they are in the Irion Mountains, it should be suspected they are sending word out to the neighboring communities and rallying a massive army to their side.”
“They are at our door step nearly as we speak.  There are more powers at play than you suspect, I am afraid.  We will take them when we are ready.  Our defeat there was alarming, to say the least.  True, it was mostly due to Orcan and his goblins, but we should have been more prepared.  And now Carthart is out of my hands.  Lady Plianne has taken the issue into her council and we will decide together what to do with the Carthart threat.”
“To what end?  Surely the Carthartians know the goblins are not immortals and you are still a force to be reckoned with.  You say war is upon us.  What exactly does that mean?”
“It means we will take them when we are ready.  We must be prepared.”
“To slaughter them?”
“If it be the will of Plianne, then yes.”
“Could she be swayed?”
Nathair held him in his gaze.  Ferdor had to look away.  “What would you suggest?”
“They would make a fine addition to my own armies, if you do not mind me saying so.”
“They would never survive here.  They have been free from the immortal rule for far too long.  They value their freedom beyond anyone here in Ardath and they would rather die than serve immortal masters.  Only a few wild animals can survive domestication.  The Carthartians must be handled delicately.”
“Yes my lord.”
“Just make sure your men are ready for the Carthartian threat.”
“Yes my lord.”
“And make sure your sons stay out of trouble.”
“Yes my lord.”
“I would hate to have to retrain a captain.”
“Yes, milord.”
“You are dismissed.”
Nathair returned to his flowers leaving Ferdor with the racing thoughts in his head.  He bowed politely and turned to leave.  He could not wrap his head around all that Lord Nathair had said.  What game was he playing?  Was he a pawn?  He certainly felt like it.  His stomach churned with the anxiety of the conversation.  What in the lords’ names was going on?


Chapter 26
For three days the men, Marta, the elves, and the dwarves feasted.  Preparations were made to retrofit all their weapons with silver tips or edges.  As much as Marta appreciated her small sword, she was relieved when she was presented with a silver tipped compliment of arrows and an elfish made bow.  She practiced day and night marveling at the smoothness and quietness of it.  Every man and woman was given clean clothes and a full body of armor.  Marta could not believe they had a set perfectly suited to her form.  She could easily maneuver in her dwarven suit and it was so lightweight she felt as though she were simply wearing an autumn coat.
Swill slept nearly all day and practiced at night against Barthas who was ready for a carefree day off or two, but by the third day, both he and Barthas were restless.  Though the dwarves were the most hospitable people and their halls were the most grand either had ever seen, there was little to do other than practice and constantly battle one another.  It was a forge after all, and neither of them were craftsmen.
And after the silver Lord Orcan donated to the cause had been smelted, there was little ready silver left to be crafted.  They had run out of things to do.  It had been decided they could not wait for reinforcements from Carthart so they would have to take Ardath by themselves.  All were itching for battle.  There was a buzz of excitement coursing through Dwelborn and anything less than changing the fate of the world was not good enough.  They wanted to be out there killing immortals, changing destiny, and creating a new future for their peoples.
Marta had a constant smile on her face.  Her body felt rejuvenated and her mind was for once at peace.  It seemed there was nothing that could make her mad or upset her.  It even brightened her days further when her men consented to include her in their strategic planning.  She was glad to be involved though she had little to say and had no clue what the were ultimately talking about.  
The gist of the plan was to essentially surrender and after being led into the heart of Ardath, kill any and all immortals as quickly and as stealthily as possible.  On any other day she would have thought the plan was the stupidest she had ever heard.  She did not care.  She could not help but smile as usual and listen to the men get excited about slicing into immortals and ending the war once and for all.  She was a new Marta.  She would not doubt her men or their ridiculous ideas.  It was going to work.  There was no reason for it not to.
Dorthan knew the plan would ultimately work as long as Ardath was interested in taking prisoners.  Otherwise, they would have to storm the castle and hope the human inhabitants would assist them in overtaking their enslavers.  That in and of itself was a risk.  The humans of Ardath would be skeptical of the power of so few and after living under the torment of the Lords for so long, they would understandably be more worried about retaliation and swift retribution from their immortal lords who would surely kill them on the spot if they suspected them of plotting their demise.  Until the first silver blood was shed, they would have no help or sympathy from the downtrodden slaves of Ardath.  They were going to have to prove themselves first.  
They marched on the morning of the fourth day.  The compliment consisted of all the elves, both male and female numbering a little less than one hundred and the male dwarves, about three hundred.  The female dwarves had agreed to go as far as the camp to make the numbers look fiercer than they actual were.  It was a sad compliment led by three men and one blind female.  They would be laughed at, but they would prove to be a force worth reckoning.  No one could stem the flow of excitement that engulfed the forge.  It was the beginning of a new era.
They marched at an easy pace down past the fissure and through a more manageable route for so many people.  It would take three days to reach Ardathian Field, but it would prove to be an amiable journey.  They would keep to the side of the Red River all the way up to the gates of Ardath.  They had set an easy pace and made sure to take plenty of time to properly feast and relax throughout the day.  They would not be tired on the morning of the battle, nor would they be malnourished or dehydrated.  They would charge into battle as healthy and as confident as any army could.  It was the only right and proper way to start new life.
They rested the first night along the riverbank.  It was early summer now and the cool breeze wafting off the river was just right.  Everyone slept easily that night, even Marta who by this time was wondering where her Shethra had run off to.  She hoped she would come back as she did in Carthart and prove her might against anyone who would deny them.  To have a dragon amongst their ranks as well as dwarves and elves would show the immortals just who they were dealing with.  She fell asleep imagining the looks on their faces as her great and beautiful beast swooped in. 
Dorthan, on the other hand, was not amused.  The whole army was as jovial as thought there were at a drunken carnival.  He felt as though the legion was simply taking a vacation and having a good time of it.  War was upon them and all though Marta’s sword did prove to be powerful against his own skin, there were hundreds of them waiting for them to arrive.  They were walking right into the lion’s den and the men were laughing and carrying on as though nothing was wrong.  Even Barthas seemed relaxed.  They were all relaxed.  When would they snap out of it and realize this was the time to take things seriously?  It annoyed him to no end.  
But Marta was happy.  In fact, she was as happy as he had ever seen her.  He would hide his discord around her as best as he could.  She deserved happiness before the stark realization of what was about to happen hit.  She deserved all he could give her in the world.  If he had to mask his true feelings, so be it he would.  But he did not sleep or eat for he did not need to, and the elves watched him constantly. It may have been simply the feeling of scrutiny from the elves but he was on edge and high alert constantly.  He could not be caught off guard by anyone human, elf, or immortal.
By the end of the last night, the castle of Ardath loomed in the distance.  Silently the troops snuck in making camp at the edge of the field as the moon shone brightly above them.  It was then that Marta became nervous.  This was not just one cocky immortal.  This was an entire city of them.  It pained her heart that there was a good possibility some of her new friends might not make it out alive.  Even worse, some of the townspeople may also die either by the magic of the immortals or possibly by her army’s swords.  If a fight really did break out, who was going to protect her?  She knew in her heart she could never kill a fellow human.  She was not a murderer.
It was well past midnight and Dorthan told her once more to get some sleep.  It was the second time he had poked his head into her tent only to find her pacing back and forth in the dark.  She  found it impossible.  She wanted to go after him, talk to him.  She needed to talk to somebody.  She could not stand thinking he was going to simply tell her once more to go to bed like a child.  He could be such a handful when it came to her well-being.  She knew it would disturb him to know she was uneasy.  He would do anything in his powers to relieve her worries, but in doing so, he coddled her and treated her like a child.  In its own way it was both sweet and suffocating.  She adored Dorthan, but he was tiresome in his protective ways like the brother everyone thought he was.
The flap to her tent opened.  To her surprise, Swill bowed and entered with lantern in hand, sitting on her unused cot starring sheepishly at the ground.
“Pardon the intrusion,” he whispered.
“I’m glad to see I am not the only one who cannot sleep.”
“I have never been in battle before.”
“Nor have I.”
“Which is why I sought you out.”
She took his hand and he guided her to sit next to him.  They sat quietly for a time before she spoke.  “There is little we can do now.  It is upon us whether we like or not.  It simply is what it is.”
“It is what it is?” he whispered.  “It is terrible and beautiful at the same time.  It is breathtaking to think we could be free in only a few hours, and terrifying to think our lives could be gone in only moments.”
“Have you ever thought about your death before?  I mean really think about it.”
He turned to her.  There was a sorrow in his eyes.  He swallowed hard and turned away before confessing.  “I was set to be hanged by the neck until dead when I was seventeen.  My father had left me in the dungeons of Ardath to escape to his own freedom.  I had a good eight hours or so to think about it.”
She could not breathe.  “And what did you decide?”
Her question puzzled him.  “I was given a second chance, which I blew.  I blew every opportunity I was given up till now.  I decided, rather recently actually, that I did not want to live so lost anymore.  If I die, it will be as a man and not a criminal.  At least I am going to die for something important.  I did not want to die for the sins of my father.  I want to die for our people, for your sake and Dorthan’s.  I want my death to mean something to somebody.  Not necessarily to go down in the history of the human race and be heralded as a savior, but up till now, no one would have mourned my death.  I had no friend, but now that I have them, I would gladly die for them.”
“Well I hope you will not die any time soon.” She reached for his hand.  It was warm and calloused but he squeezed back with a gentleness she could not place.
Swill smiled.  “I think I would feel better if your dragon friend would join us on the battlefield.”
She scoffed.  “I know what she would say.  She would say it was our fight to win.  It would be unfair and we would not learn anything.”
“So what about you?  What have you learned?”
She sighed.  “For so long I wanted to go out and see the world, but I could not.  My father died when I was young.  I could have been shipped away to a work colony or enslaved in a house in Wildspot, but Shethra assured me I was meant for something bigger.  In a way, this was always supposed to be my path, but it does not bring me comfort.  My part has been played, and now that the knowledge is known, I wonder where my path will lead.  I have run out of usefulness.  I am no warrior.  I’m a girl.  I feel my death would be mourned, but my knowledge would go on and save our race with or without me.  I just don’t know where to go from here.  What else is there for me to do?”
“My friend, you have more to give to the world than you yourself yet know.  Your death would ripple through our ranks and destroy our souls.  You gave us hope against a foe no one could ever defeat.  We have a chance because of you.  You are meant for more than just the knowledge you have.”
“Thank you Swill.  I appreciate your faith in me.”
“It is getting late.  You should try to get some sleep.”
“You as well, Swill.”
He stood to leave but refrained.  “I know I promised my services to Dorthan, but I offer my services to you as well.  You should never feel alone or useless.  You are worth more to me than any other living soul.  I would have you know that regardless of what ever else you do from this moment on, you have changed my life most profoundly, and I will strive to live my every new day to do good by your eyes.”
She sat looking stupidly at him.  Did he really just say that?  She had no idea how she could have possibly produced such a feeling in someone else.  How was it even possible?  Was he lying?  There was always that possibility.  It was Swill after all.  She knew she had to take everything he said with a grain of salt.
“Thank you Swill, but I would not want you to be a slave to my every mood.  I am female, after all.  I am afraid it would be a topsy-turvy life for you if you did.”
Swill laughed.  “May I stay here with you?  I do not want to be alone tonight.  I’ll sleep on the ground if it pleases you.”
“That would be fine.”
They made a place for him on the opposite wall of the tent.  He blew the light out and turned over onto his side.  His body cast a delicate red glow in the tent.  She could only lay on her cot and watch him breathing slowly.  Did he really mean what he said?  What did it really mean?
“You are watching me.  I can feel it.”
She snorted trying to stifle her embarrassment.  “Sorry.”
“It is all right.”
“Swill?”
“Yes, Marta.”
“Can I tell you something?”
“You can tell me anything.”
Her mind went blank.  She just wanted the conversation to continue.  She really did not have anything to tell him.  Then she thought of something.  The secret running through her head was not her secret to tell, but she had to tell Swill.  If he was as faithful to her as he seemed to be to Dorthan, he would have to keep this secret to his grave or risk incurring her hatred until the end of time.  She did not know why she trusted him enough to know the truth, but he had to know.  She could not keep it inside any longer.  She had been itching to tell someone.  Barthas had been her first choice, but this new found connection with Swill needed a test to seal the commitment.
“Do you promise not to tell a single soul?  No one must know this.”
He crawled over to her cot and found her hands in the darkness.  He was trying to glimpse her eyes, but it was too dark.  The thought was not lost on Marta, though.  She could see his eyes clearly.  Her heart warmed a little.
“I promise not to tell a single soul your secret.”
She could tell he meant it.  “Even if it is not my secret to keep?”
“I would never betray the trust of someone else in you.”
She took a deep breath.  She could never take back the words that would flow from her  mouth.  This was it.  “Dorthan’s an immortal.”
His hands went icy in hers.  His strong fingers gripped her tiny ones, and he turned his face from her.  She did not know if he knew she could see him clearly in the dark.  She assumed everyone knew by now.  He could not easily hide his reaction even in the darkness.  There was no way she did not know.  She saw everything.  His face faltered in the darkness.  He shook his head.  She immediately knew she should not have told him.
“Do not be mad at him.  He was not born immortal.  He was human once.  He had been changed, though he does not know how.  He hates it.  Immortals killed his entire family.  It is why he wanted to go to Erath.  He wants to find out what happened.”
“I had thought something was strange about him.  I never thought this, though.”
“You must swear to never tell another soul.  He is in danger now that we know how to kill immortals.  You cannot let on you know.”
He looked up back into her general direction gazing with all intensity.  His jaw clinched and his lips pursed together.  “I swear your secret is safe with me.  I will never tell another soul.”
Her heart was still uneasy.  What other outcome had she been expecting?  Everyone by now knew he did not sleep, but immortality was something no one would have ever guessed in a million years.  She had hoped it would comfort him somehow knowing an immortal was on their side.  It clearly had not.
He slunk back over to his side of the tent and curled up to go back to sleep.  She watched him in the darkness as his breath stilled.  She did not want him to be mad at her or at Dorthan.  He had an anger unlike Dorthan’s.  His heart went more to revenge and trickery than to all out fistfights or tests of strength.  It had come from his years before she knew him, when he was in that dungeon at Ardath awaiting his execution for what ever offense.  It came from the lifestyle he had chosen, from watching people die in the crags of Carthart.
A thought occurred to her that she had not yet realized before.  She knew the real reason Swill was at Carthart.  She now recognized that he had meant to use Dorthan as a pawn.  He was a gambler.  He gambled with peoples lives.  How could she have been so stupid?  Sure she needed things pointed out to her on occasion, but this was too much.  She now knew what kind of man he truly was.  There had been so many like him there at the stagnant pool sending what she had thought were their friends to their deaths.  No, they were not their friends.  That guy, Cruim, had sent that blowhard just before Dorthan.  Swill had chosen Dorthan as his mark.  The pattern was similar to cock fights she had seen in the markets of Wildspot when she was younger.
The though infuriated her.  She had stupidly shared a secret with him of her best friend which he could now use against him.  Dorthan was in danger.  She felt it in the pit of her stomach.  And what exactly could a seventeen year old do to be charged with a hanging at Ardath?  He was a liar and a thief, but what else as he?  A murderer?  The whole world was becoming clear to her.  Why was he even still here?
He had promised his services to Dorthan.  Was that why he was still here?  He was honest or maybe faithful, which was surprising, but to what end?  He had stayed when the others had not.  That was something to consider, but she could not help but think there was something more, something she could not put her finger on.  She wanted desperately to trust him now that she had given him a weapon to use against her friend.  He had promised her he would never tell just as he had promised Dorthan his services.  She saw how it ate him up inside when she told him.  Maybe he was trying to change.  He certainly needed to.
She shook her head.  He could never tell, and he could never use the information against Dorthan.  She would have to watch him in the next few days to make sure nothing bad would happen in the meantime.  Swill was a wildcard.  She wanted to trust him.  This would have to be his first test, a trial by fire as they say.  She hoped he really did care and all he had said was not just some sort of ploy, another lie told by a great storyteller.   He would have to keep his promise or run the risk of losing her faith in him.  She hoped her faith in him really mattered.  She hoped he really wanted to change.
She would have to tell Dorthan what Swill knew.  She would have to come clean regardless of the outcome.  His life was in danger and it was her fault.  He would have to be warned.  He was going to be so mad at her.  She cringed at the thought.
She watched him wondering what was next for all of them.  Nothing was set in stone, yet she had promised her life to Shethra.  She gasped as tears began to silently pour down her temples.  When would she come to collect?  She grimaced.  A bitter tear rolled down her cheek and collected on her pillow.  She worried what Dorthan’s reaction would be.  He would kill her if he knew what price she had paid for the information.  He would fight Shethra to his own demise to save her.  He was  better friend than she deserved.
What would he do if he ever found that out?   He was going to find out eventually.  Maybe she should tell him that too, just get it over with.  He could only be mad for so long.  The though of him being mad at her made her sick to the stomach.  She had only just gained his confidence and now she was going to have to test it in more ways than one.  He was going to be so disappointed in her for so many things.  
Maybe she should tell him only of Swill first.  That information was dire.  His life could be at stake if he did not know.  Swill was dangerous now that he knew, and he could hold them both over a barrel.  Maybe she should wait until it was time for Shethra to take her.  Maybe Shethra would not take her life until later when everything was settled and the war was over.  Maybe she could convince Shethra her life was not so important.  Maybe this, maybe that.  There was no certainty in her life anymore.  Her stomach ached as she turned over onto her side and wept.
Swill is not your enemy.  Give him a chance.  He is certainly not worth loosing sleep over.
Shethra’s voice was distant, not even a whisper.  Marta was unsure she had really heard her voice at all.  It was almost as if a memory was playing in her mind, only a wisp of Shethra.
“Where are you?” she asked in a whisper.  From the sounds around her Swill was fast asleep.  Good.  He did not need to hear this conversation.
I am far away.  I will  not be with you tomorrow.  There are things I cannot be involved in.  You will soon understand.
“Soon?  You mean when you take my life?”
I will take your life only when you are ready.  There are rules you know, but now you really must get some sleep.  Swill is the least of your worries.
“Rules?” She did not understand, but just as she came in like a whisper, again she had left as one.  She was alone once more with her thoughts wondering what new mysteries Shethra was hinting at.
Marta could only lay silently in the darkness questioning her. Her heart was bitter.  Her hair was becoming drenched in her own tears as they collected on her pillow.  She had to trust Shethra.  She would keep reminding herself that.  She was loyal to her for all she owed her.  She would trust Shethra’s unfounded faith in Swill though she had no faith in him herself.
She would have to tell Dorthan everything.  Not only did she have to tell him what she had told Swill, she had to tell him what she had promised.  He was a target now, and Swill, despite what Shethra said, could be a danger to him if not to her.  It was going to hurt more than anything, but he had to know.  It was unfair to keep it from him.
There was nothing she could do but lay in the darkness sleepless and afraid of what was going to happen next.


Chapter 27
The army had arrived in the night.  Ferdor gazed out over the numbers from the city wall.  He had hoped the early morning light would clarify what he had seen only hours previous.  The Carthartians had brought their children and wives to battle with them and not just a few.  There were hundreds of young women and children already bustling about in the early morning light.  He shook his head.  It was a sad fate for his people, for his men, to have to kill innocent children.  What kind of people were these Carthartians to send their young into battle anyhow?  He cringed thinking about his sons.  Neither of them was old enough for the pledge.  As he looked, he could pick out children as young as seven or eight.  His stomach burned just thinking about it.
“Are your men ready and assembled?” asked Nathair as he floated by.
There was an air about him Ferdor could not place.  He seemed almost happy, suspiciously so.  He was dressed in finer quality than was expected of him on the day of battle.  Where he usually dawned his regular airy robes, today he seemed almost to be glowing with anticipation.  He wore a long fur cloak over his pristine white tunic that was tied about the waist with a polished leather belt and bright gold buckle.  His pants were a matching leather and his boots were adorned with the same gold buckles.  His hair was set in his usual perfectly quaffed curls.  Was he planning on meeting with dignitaries?  Good lord, was Lady Plianne on her way here?  Ferdor cringed at the thought.  He had to find out.
“If I may say, sir, you are dressed rather fashionable today.  Tell me, what is the occasion?”
A sly smile crossed his face.  “This is the day we will be rid of the Carthartian army once and for all.  It is the beginning of the end for you.  The human’s days are numbered.  I feel it is a festive occasion, would you not agree?”
Ferdor winced.  The answer was the one he should have been expecting though it was still not the answer he had hoped for.  Nathair was never the one to shy away from his opinion on any topic.  Ferdor’s stomach growled in distress.
Nathair eyed him suspiciously.  “Have you not eaten anything this morning?”
Ferdor could feel the blood rushing from his face.  It took all his wits not to inadvertently grip the flask at his side so he clamped his hands together behind his back.  His heart began to race as he eyed Nathair with what little grace and dignity he still had in his body. “No, milord.  It is tradition the first ranks eat before the second and the third for they are the most likely to be killed in battle by the invading armies.”
Nathair nodded his head.  “How poetic.  Always thinking, Ferdor, that’s why I like you,  but tell me, have you seen the Carthartian army?”
“I have, my lord.”
“And what do you think of them?”
“They brought with them women and children.  It is a sad and unfortunate fate that we will have to slaughter those so young and helpless.”
“That, my friend, is the price of war I am afraid.”
He had to refrain from sneering when Nathair called him his friend.
“I do not believe it is the bulk of the Carthartian army, though.  Their numbers are small and the women and children outnumber the grown men nearly three to one.  I am positive there were more survivors of the battle at Carthart.  This is not their great army which defeated us so easily.  They will be easily dispatched in a matter of minutes.”
“Perhaps all is not what it seems.  Do you not remember me telling you there was more to this war than meets the eye?”
Ferdor could not place what the lord meant.  He had seen with his eyes the youth of the Carthartians.  There was no mistaking this, but perhaps it was a ploy on the part of the Carthartians, a ruse to get them to feel sorry for them.  Were they using the children as bait?  It seemed unlikely.  The lords were ruthless even to children.  They had to know there would be no pity from them.
“I wonder then what game they are playing.  Perhaps they intend to surrender.  It is the only likely cause with so many innocents.  If you give them permission to enter our city as prisoners, the women would be welcome in out homes and the men and children would be valuable additions to our army in the future.”
Nathair thought about this.  His face held a look of deep consideration only to be replaced by a wicked smile crossing his face.  His eyes almost twinkled with excitement.  Ferdor’s skin crawled.
“Yes, it would be tasteful to accept their surrender,” said Nathair eying the crowd just beyond the walls of the city.
“Only a madman would allow an army of children to be slaughtered by the hands of the well trained.  I feel it would not be right to do such a thing, if you do not mind me saying so.  It is such wanton death of the innocent.”
Nathair sneered at Ferdor who immediately knew he had crossed a line.  “You’re right about one thing, only a madman would allow children to be slaughtered at the hands of the elite.  I guess that means I’m a madman.”
Nathair smiled the devilish smile he reserved for these special occasions.  It made Ferdor’s spine go cold.  He could not look at the man.  He felt his own death approaching from the corners of the early morning darkness.
“As you wish, my lord.  I will not go against your decision.”
“Of course you will not.  That would mean death, but you are a bright man. Yet I find myself unopposed to taking a few prisoners.  Take as many as you like.  Slaughter the rest.  I think we have enough widows and orphans behind our own city walls to have to look after.  We certainly do not need anymore.  But if there are men in their army who would willingly surrender, they would be welcome.  Keep the men who you deem fit to join your ranks.  When you have selected your trophies, bring them to me.  I want to see who you choose to let live and who you choose to let die.”
“You intend for me to kill the children and women and take the men as prisoners?”
“Like I said, we already have too many to take care of behind our own walls.  Find our widows some good husbands.  It is what we call killing two birds with one stone.”
Nathair winked then vanished.  Ferdor’s heart sank a little more knowing Nathair had just laid before him a trap.  He could no more pick and choose whom to deal out death than he could choose which one of his children he loved most.  It was agonizing to think the lives of so many innocents were now at the free choosing of his will.  And what was worse, he was not allowed to take in any children or women.  He was a monster.  How could he tell his men this news and expect them not to desert him right then and there?  It was an outrage.
He needed a drink, something to soothe his nerves and quiet his flaming stomach.  He took a swig of his ever present flask and turned to ready his men.  He froze in his tracks.  He had all but forgotten the three immortals who had been dying to kill some of his own, as Nathair had once put it.  The leader of the pack, Repnost, stood in front of him staring him down, eying his every inch with disgusted scrutiny.
“Having a drink before the slaughter?” asked Repnost. “Getting inebriated so that you may mourn the deaths of the Carthartians in true human fashion?  Pathetic.  What a waste.  Why does Nathair keep you so long?  You are disgusting, and if it had been up to me, I would have incinerated you long before now.  You are the most pathetic human I have ever seen, weeping over total strangers the way you do.  You are weak, disgusting.  You are not worth the ground I walk upon.”
Ferdor had no time nor the patience to stand for this.  He bowed as low and as humbly as he could then said, “I am sorry my service has disappointed you, my lord. I will try to improve.”
He hoped that was the last word.  He tried to sidestep him and go on about his horrible morning.  Repnost followed him as close as any immortal would dare get to a human.
“Do not think I don’t know your plans, Captain Riel.  Your son was an accomplice to that Alton boy, wasn’t he?  It is a wonder your son was not executed.  Did you beg and plead with Nathair to spare his life?  What promises did you make to him that he spared your son?”
“I made no bargain for my son.  If he was guilty of any crime, he would simply have to accept his punishment, and we would all continue on with our lives.”
Repnost gripped Ferdor’s arm and spun him around. Ferdor’s nose was only inches from Repnost’s face.  
“Don’t toy with me, human.  I could crush you into a thousand little bits and scatter your remains over the whole continent.  Do not think for one second Nathair frightens me.  I will do as I wish to you and yours, and after the battle this morning, if you are still alive, I will take what I want from the stores of your family’s bodies.  Your head will be my prize and your wife’s screams will lull me to sleep at night.  Nathair’s favoritism in you will not save you any longer.  You are mine, and Nathair will simply have to get another toy to play with.”
He shoved Ferdor almost to the ground.  Ferdor stood and watched as the immortal floated away down the path to the waiting army joining the other immortals who welcomed him wholeheartedly.  He stopped and turned to glare at him once more before mounting his horse.
Ferdor collapsed shaking all over.  The immortal was after his family.  What he had done to deserve this he did not know.  There was only one thing he could do.  He had to warn them to get out of the city well before the battle started.  They would have to run for it, take their chances in anywhere but Ardath.
He took the stairs three at a time as the great gates began to open.  A collective look of fear and confusion coursed through the faces of his men.  It was not time.  They were not ready yet.  The lords were ready despite the unpreparedness of the army.  They were jovial, laughing and spurring their horses to the front.  There was nothing to be done.  The men scrambled to get into their ranks.  None of his men would deny them anything.  They all looked terrified as the immortals motioned for the horns to sound their call.
A boy had brought Ferdor his horse and stood waiting for him to alight.
“Boy, do you know my house?”
The boy nodded at the strange question.
“Run fast and tell my wife to get her things ready.  Tell her the immortals are after her and the children and they must escape with or without me.  Do you understand?”
The boy looked terrified.
“Tell them they must go before the battle ends.  Tell them to get out of here as quickly as possible.  Go!  Now!”
The boy ran off as quickly as he could while Ferdor mounted his steed.  He rode to the front of the ranks as the three immortals rode out in front of him.  His world was spinning.  The air around him became stiff.  He could hardly breath as the clear tones of the Ardarthian trumpeters echoed through the field.  
It was now a race against time.  He hoped against hope Dara would not dally in getting their children to safety.  He hoped she took the boy’s words to heart, listening to him and not just turning him away.  He hoped she would not choose instead to stay by his side, through thick and thin as she had once promised to do so long ago.  He feared she would stay to end her life right there next to him as she had always warned him she would.  He cursed his stubborn wife knowing she was not going to leave forsaking the safety of their children.  Surely she would get them out.
The men began to march.  His horse trotted happily behind the immortals and the standard bearer ignorant of the pain coursing through his chest.  He jostled upon the beast’s back becoming nauseated with every bump.  It was not time.  He was not ready for this.  No one was ready.  How was he going to explain the Carthartian children to his men after they had slaughtered them?  How were they going to be able to sleep at night after they murdered the innocent?  They were walking into devastation and unjust butchery.  There was no way to warn them.
The men slowly got into place.  He could see the looks of terror on their faces as it slowly dawned on them what was about to happen.  A whisper spread through the ranks.  Children.  Their eyes were not deceiving them.  He could not look at his men as they looked to him for guidance.  He trembled as the herald approached the Carthartians with the parchment Nathair had prepared the night before.  If there could only be a way out of this.  He would give his very life if it meant his family would be safe, that the Carthartian children would return to their mothers, that his men would not be forced to kill the innocent.
He gripped his sword, his hand not feeling the coolness of its handle.  He drew it to have it ready by his side as he prepared himself to lose the very last of his soul.  The sound died away and he felt alone staring into the silence that had engulfed his senses.  Time crawled by.  The movements of his men were in slow motion.  His brain went blank as a sense of unreality overrode his senses.
It was time to begin.


Chapter 28
She woke as the first light crept into her tent.  Swill was still there.  He had not moved once since she had fallen asleep.  He had either not slept at all, or he had awoken earlier and remained silently staring at the ceiling until she awoke.  She wondered what he was thinking.  She cringed to think.
“You’re still here,” she commented.
“I did not sleep well, and I promised you my services.”
“You are not my slave, Swill.  You are my friend.  Now get out and let me get dressed.”
He gave a halfhearted laugh but exited.  She stretched and took a deep breath relishing the stillness before she began getting dressed.  Her head seemed clearer this morning and she had no sense of urgency.  She was happy to enjoy a quiet morning alone with her thoughts before all hell broke loose.
The flap opened abruptly making her jump nearly through the ceiling.  Dorthan stopped and looked immediately to the ground as she covered her near nakedness.
“You just woke?”
“Yes, why?  How long have you been awake?”
He glared at her.  “You know I do not sleep.”
“Then you could have awoken me when the time would have been appropriate.”
“The entire army is awaiting you.”
“Then leave and let me get dressed!  I’ll be out there shortly.” She hated being rushed.
He turned to leave but turned back around.  “What was Swill doing in your tent so early?”
“You mean so late.  He slept over.”
His face turned sour, and even in his silvery glow she could tell he was livid.  Now was probably not the time to tell him all that had happened the night before.
“He’s not all that bad,” she lied.  She had to keep from bursting with all she knew.  She had to trust Shethra, her own heart be damned.
“He’s a murderer.”
“So am I apparently,” she replied, “And so are we about to be, if we are lucky.”
“You know that is not the same.”
“I don’t care.  I trust Swill.  He makes me feel normal,” she said.  It was true enough which was strange.  He did actually make her feel normal somehow.  She had only just realized he made her feel that way.  She stifled a smile before it made it to her lips.
“You trust him?”
“More or less.”
“Does he comfort you?”
“In his own way.”
“Has he touched you?”
Her face grew inflamed.  She had grown far from tired of this conversation.  “That is none of your concern.  You insult me with your insinuations and you insult the honor of my friend who brought me peace the night before battle.”
“I apologize.”
The tent flap opened once more and in walked Groth, bowing and averting his eyes as well.
“Is nothing sacred?” she asked.
“Gracious me, I was unaware you were here, Dorthan.  I will only ask Miss Marta to hurry up.  Her breakfast is getting cold.”
He left and the two were alone once more.  “Leave,” she commanded.
He nodded and turned leaving her to get dressed in her own time.  She attached her sword and her quiver grabbing her bow as she left.  She stormed to the mess tent and became even more perturbed seeing how many men were still eating.  No one was ready.  She had been rushed for nothing.
She sat by Swill who smiled.  She could only glare at him.  It was not what she wanted to portray, but it was the only emotion she could show at the moment.  This infuriated her even further.  She did not want to be angry at Swill.  Strangely enough, she was not angry with him at all.  She was mad at Dorthan.  Her anger simply carried over to Swill.  They ate in silence, Swill knowing she was mad about something.  He knew better than to ask.
A horn sounded in the distance.  Marta’s stomach dropped.  Swill dropped his fork, and it clattered loudly on his plate.  Her hands immediately began to shake.  She saw his confidence falter as his red color turned to pink.  He gripped her hand and pulled her along with him.  His fingers were as cold as she felt inside.  She wanted to vomit as they got closer and closer to the frontline.  She could barely breathe.
“Assemble men!” yelled Barthas storming through the mess strapping on his trusty short sword. 
Swill pulled Marta to the field.  The elves were in ranks, the dwarves, however,  stood together in groups not in any form.  Dorthan barked orders in all directions.  Barthas tried to help but to no avail.
“Tighten the ranks!” commanded Marta.  To her surprise, the dwarves heard her and immediately began forming ranks beside the elves.  Dorthan glared at her as she smiled at him as sweetly as she could.
“I’ll be directly behind you.  If you need anything, just tell me,” offered Swill.  He hugged her close then went to his position in front of the dwarven ranks.  She did not want him to leave.  She could still feel his warmth coursing through her skin.  There was something else there.  In her heart, she felt a kindredness to Swill that she had never felt before.  She took a deep breath as Groth took his place in front of the dwarves.  Dorthan stood next to Groth then Barthas who stood next to Mela.  Marta squeezed between Dorthan and Barthas as the Carthartian army began to march.
“Are you ready?” asked Dorthan.
“As ready as I will ever be,” said Marta.
She looked back towards the group and realized he was gone.
“Where is Breathless?”
Dorthan turned and looked.  “I have not seen him all morning.  But now is not the time to be worried about your strange pet.”
The elves sounded high clear trumpet notes as they approached.  Marta’s heart sank knowing Shethra was not going to be there and now her what-ever-he-was was not going to be there either.  They were on their own.  She had abandoned them all at the worst possible time.  She could not help but feel resentment.  She was dejected and heartbroken.  They could not do this alone.
“I’m here if you need me,” whispered Swill.
“Breathless is gone,” she whispered.
“We do not need him.  We have you, and I would take you into battle over a hundred firedrakes.”
She reached down and squeezed his hand.  She squeezed back.  He did not let go.  She did not want him to.
She watched as the castle gates opened and an army of men marched forward.  She saw three immortals at the front on horses leading the men to battle.  The rest were humans.  To her surprise, the man from Carthart, the immortal’s friend, rode behind the three immortals.  She wondered about him, who he was and why he was doing what he was doing.  She realized he was a slave to the immortals.  She wondered how they had captured his freedom.
The army stopped.  There had to be several hundreds if not thousands of them.  Marta felt even queasier.  She wondered what they thought of such a pathetic display.  A man approached from the Ardathian army.  He stopped halfway between the armies and waited.  Barthas, Dorthan, and Marta approached.  At least the civilities of war were not going to be ignored.
The man greeted them warmly.  He was short and thin; he almost looked sickly.  He was shaking all over.  He could not have been older than twenty.  He could barely hold his hand straight as he handed the parchment to Dorthan who opened it and read it slowly.  Marta felt immensely sorry for the man.
“The lords of Ardath bid you welcome,” said the herald.  “Your armies are staggeringly small.  My master bid you surrender and become part of our armies.  I assure you it is a generous offer.  We have not offered surrender for nearly one hundred and fifty years.”
“How many immortals watch the battle?  I see you have three who have accompanied you to the battlefield,” said Marta.
The man viewed her as though he viewed a snake.  He stuttered and stumbled to voice an answer then thought better of it and remained silent.
“Answer the girl, or I will drop you here and now.  And do not lie,” growled Dorthan.
The man instantly turned pink.  “Just the three,” he whispered, “The others take recreation within the great hall.”
Barthas smiled at the man.  “Go forward and tell your immortals we will not surrender.  We have come to battle and victory.  We will kindly take your surrender into OUR armies when the day is done.  Tell them that.”
The man winced.  He was on the verge of crying.  “My friends, you come with women and children in your ranks.  Will you not reconsider?”
“Go tell your masters we will not back down,” barked Dorthan.
The three of them bowed politely and turned returning to the ranks.  The man stayed only moments later then returned to the Ardathian army.
“I need two archers,” she announced as they rejoined the group.
Lothar appeared and a small female elf.
“There are three immortals in the front,” she pointed them out as best she could, “Can you hit them from this distance?”
The elf girl nodded.  Marta asked her name.  It was Argoel.  Lothar nodded as well.
“You must hit them in the throat.  They will die quickly and they will fall from their horses in front of their men.  Maybe they will have enough sense to stop fighting and surrender then.  I do not think any of those men truly want to be there.  I don’t think they want to kill us.  Lets start by proving to them they are not slaves to the immortals anymore.”
The two archers nodded and took their places beside her.  The Ardathian army began to march towards them.  The had to act quickly.  In seconds, Marta prepped her arrow and held it steady as the perfect moment arrived.  The three immortals led the army right out in front.  Their pompous smiles made them easy to find.  She took a deep breath, breathing as much of her essence into the tip as she could and focused.  On the count of three, they let their arrows fly.


Chapter 29
It was the strangest sight.  As the immortals fell, those behind them made no move to attack. They stood there dumbfounded, gaping at the copious amounts of silver pooling under their wounds.  The immortals each flailed their arms trying to cure themselves but it was no use.  Slowly their movements became erratic then finally stopped.  The head had been severed from the snake. 
“What do you suppose is going through there minds right now?” asked Groth.  
“I do not know but let’s watch and see,” said Marta, the feeling of nausea had almost instantly worn off and now a strange hyperactive excitement was setting in.
Not much happened.  The men stirred around the bodies of their fallen lords.  None of them had ever seen a dead immortal before.  It was as shocking to them as it was inspiring.
The army behind her stirred.  She could sense a great feeling of power rushing through them as well.  It was the same energy she felt when Orcan fell at Dwelborn.  It was perhaps the lingering effect of the immortal’s power or perhaps a long dormant spell unknown to the common man, but there was an energy surging through the ranks behind her as tangible as the earth beneath her feet.  
“Paper, I need to write a note!” she called.
Her men eyed her strangely as Swill ran back to the barracks and returned out of breath handing her a parchment and quill.  She smiled at him as he realized she could no more write the letter than fly like a bird.  Groth stepped forward and allowed Swill to position the parchment on his back while he held the inkpot.
“Write for me: ‘We are not afraid of your immortals nor your armies, and if you wanted to surrender without bloodshed, then we will take you as humans and not as prisoners, for we all suffer under the plague of the immortals.’ end quote.”
She took the parchment and attached it to an arrow.  A smile crept across her face as the Ardathian men began to stir.  They had no clue what to do.  She knocked her arrow and let it fly.  It landed between the herald’s feet.  The man jumped as though fire had erupted between his legs.  She could see him removing the rolled parchment and reading it before handing it off to a grown man beside him.  The man turned and spoke to another then another and a large scale conversation erupted amongst the men.
“Powerful words,” said Groth, “but do you think they will be enough?”
“Word is already spreading,” said Dorthan, “look at how they scamper like injured game.”
“They know not what magic we possess,” laughed Groth, “We frighten them like nothing they had ever seen before.”
It was true.  The men of Ardath stood quietly gathered around the one she had seen at Carthart.  Even from afar she could see the confusion and fear on their faces.  The man trembled as he read over and over the words that were written on the page.
“March forward,” she said, “Lets meet our brethren in the middle.”
Dorthan waived his arm in a circle and the party moved forward as a roar sent her men into a flurry.  Breathless had magically returned.  She sneered at him as he galloped forwards as if nothing had happened.  She resented him to no end.  With a single swoop, Dorthan lifted her easily off the ground and sat her on her damnable steed.
“Good of you to finally show up,” she said patting him on his neck.
He seemed not to notice her animosity towards him.  Far be it for him to be there when she thought she needed him.  He was as unpredictable and useless as Shethra at times.  He only appeared when she desperately needed him, when her life was at stake.  He could be so useless.  She smiled.
The men marched beside her.  She pulled her bow from her shoulder and laid it across her lap.  She nocked an arrow and kept it ready as the army moved steadily forward.  She watched the Ardathians who watched them in return.  They were frightened but there was also a sense of calm flowing through their ranks.
As they drew closer, a group of men slowly walked forward.  Dorthan halted their forces as their captains approached.  The man from Carthart was amongst them leading the group with a look of dread on his face.  One by one they threw their weapons to the ground in front of them raising their hands to the air in surrender.
“How did you do it?” asked Ferdor.  His heart was all a flutter and he immediately recognized the girl from Carthart.  His mind was full of strange new wonders, the likes of which he could not express.  “How did you defeat the immortals?”
“It is a lesson soon learned, but there are more beyond your walls,” said Marta.  “Take me to your masters.”
Ferdor looked unsure.  His whole body trembled as he though of the consequences.  They had somehow defeated three, but beyond the walls there were many more.  His joy at seeing the immortals dead was quickly dissipating.  “They will not to take kindly to you.  You will be slaughtered on sight.”
“The idea,” said Dorthan taking command, “is to have you take us to them as prisoners.  We will disguise ourselves as your captives.  We will walk as though our hands are bound but we will be fully armed.  We will enter the castle, and we will surprise them where they stand.  They will not suspect a thing.”
“I say to you it will not work.”
“I say their eyes have never seen the likes of us before,” Marta said smiling.  The captain’s color was closer to white than any shade of red.  Now that she had a good look at the man, she pitied him.  “No immortal has ever fallen by the hand of a human until now.  They do not expect us to be so bold.  Their arrogance will be their undoing.”
Ferdor looked unsure but relented.  They had proven themselves thus far.  Surely their luck would hold our for just a little while longer.  And this woman was riding some strange beast whose ferocity was unheralded in his lands.  They really may have a chance.  He nodded his head.  “I have been told to take prisoners, only a few mind you.  I can only take with me maybe a handful of your finest warriors.  It is what Lord Nathair is expecting.”
Dorthan nodded as he Barthas, Groth and Mela decided who would go and who would remain.  To Ferdor’s surprise, Marta was chosen as one of the prisoners to be taken.  It was a sad bunch.  There were three humans and the girl, five of the burly hairy men and five of the green children who gave Ferdor the creeps.  Ferdor’s men quickly exchanged swords with those who were not joining the party.  They all steered clear of the edges of their seemingly unremarkable blades fearing a poison or curse lining their  edges.
The group followed their captors through the city gates.  Faces in the crowd looked with pity upon the captives.  No one knew the double dealings that had taken place just outside the walls.  It was obvious the immortal bodies were not being prominently displayed anywhere, not yet at least.  The parade continued though the congested streets.  Women waived mourning  kerchiefs at the prisoners and threw them at their feet.  It was heart wrenching.  They too felt for the Carthartians.  It was plainly visible on their faces.  They were not the only captives that had ever been led through their gate.  Little did they know the truth behind the parade.
They traveled further.  Women cried, children were ushered away as the armies marched thought.  No one cheered as the party drew closer to the inner castle which rose steadily above them, a dismal stone tower that shone silvery in the right light.  It had no adornments, no flags, just height.  Jagged blades of stone seemed to grow through the structure jutting out like thorn vines.  It seemed alive.  Marta could feel a power throbbing through the very core though she could not see it.  There was a powerful magic here.  The whole place was overflowing with it.
Through the great fortress gates they marched.  A sickening invisible weight pounded against their chests and ears.  It seemed to not faze the Ardathians who must have had to deal with it their entire life.  It did not let up once on the other side but remained a constant boulder crushing their souls.  The gravel walk turned into a finely hewn rock, as smooth as glass and dark as pitch.  The only color was what was reflected in its polished surface.  Blue sky and white clouds beneath their feet gave a sense of floating.  It was a surreal feeling that only played against their stimulated nerves.
Two great wooden doors opened before them.  All were ushered inside.  The innards of the great castle were no different than the outsides.  The reflection of the torches lighting the entrance danced across the floor.  Few bystanders stood to watch.  All, as far as she could tell, were immortals.  She silently nodded in their directions.  They would have to be removed as well.  There was one, Marta noted, that almost looked childlike.  Immortals had no children.  They could live forever and therefore had no legacy to bestow upon anyone, no name to live up to.  The appearance of youth was a ploy.  Innocence and weakness were falsehoods.  All immortals were threats.
A great hall was opened to them on their right.  They entered two by two, a sad and piteous group.  They all dawned sad faces as they were bid to stop in front of the immortals.  A group of no more than twenty stood looking at the filth that was being paraded into their manse.  Their noses upturned, they resumed their dealings with no other thought towards the vermin parade.
“Ah, our prisoners,” commented Nathair.  He was sitting in a vast chair large enough to seat two people comfortably.  He sat and watched unimpressed as the herd stopped before him.  He sneered as he watched them all over his spindly fingers.  Marta could see his color was pulsing.  His eyes were on her and he did not make to move them.  She slunk behind Swill as the lord spoke again.  “So tell me, Captain Riel, what made you decide to choose these men and women as your captives?”
“They impressed me.”
“Impressed you?” the immortals in the room laughed.  “And what did they do to impress you, may I ask?”
Ferdor smiled.  It was the first time in a long time he actually felt happy.  The feeling was nearly overwhelming as Nathair held him cautiously in his gaze.  He could not mask his smile.  A weight had lifted from his shoulders.  His heart was in his mouth and he could only whisper as he held back tears of joy.  “They did this.”
He pulled his sword.  The group instantly split.  The immortals stood lithely by as the show began.  It was too late for them to realize their arrogance would be their demise.  Dorthan stuck three men down as Marta pierced the side of an immortal woman across the room.  She did not have enough time to breathe her essence so she just began firing blindly at the silver clouds in the room.  Mela and his men rushed back into the halls and tore into the unsuspecting immortals there.  They fell quickly one by one.  
Realizing too late, some immortals were able to defend themselves as panic and confusion set in.  Blasts of lightning and a strange smell of acidic poison swept through the chamber to no avail.  Three Ardathian soldiers and two dwarves fell as Dorthan himself attempted to behead Lord Nathair.  With a twinkle in his eye and a sinister smile, Nathair vanished before the sword could even touch him.


Chapter 30
It was all over in a matter of minutes.  The elves were sent to dispatch the lingerers in the hallways and corridors.  Every room was searched, every corridor was monitored.  Not one immortal would be allowed to survive.  They knew one alone would able to raze an entire city to the ground.  It was a risk they simply could not take.
Others were already rumored to have fled.  They would not be caught this day, but soon, those who survived would know the mortals had found a way to defeat them.  They would eventually return, but for now the victory would be theirs and theirs alone.
They counted how many escaped.  Ferdor reckoned only Nathair and a few others were missing.  This set his stomach to flutter again.  He grew nervous.  Nathair was a terrible force to be reckoned with.  He had been chosen by Plianne herself to keep Ardath.  He was a danger.
“So what do you suppose we will do with him?” asked Dorthan of Ferdor.  Marta watched as Ferdor sat gingerly into a chair.
“Maybe we should lock him in the tower,” offered Groth.
“What do you think, Marta?” asked Swill.
Marta shook her head.  “He is not well.  Look at him.  He has lived his entire life murdering at the behest of the immortals.  Who knows what that would do to a man?”
“I would rather have died,” commented Dorthan.  “I would have even killed myself before killing another human.”
“Perhaps we should ask him what we should do with him,” suggested Mela.
It was a strange wisdom, but Groth immediately nodded his head agreeing with the elf.  Though she could not reason why, she had to side with Mela as well hoping this would be a way to spare the man’s life.  Swill seemed eager to agree with anything she said.  Dorthan and Barthas both shrugged.  They were out numbered.
“And what, do you suppose, we should do with you?” asked Dorthan.
Ferdor lifted his head and wiped the tears from his eyes.  It had been the longest day of his entire life.  He was ready for it all to be over.  
“My lord,” he said to Dorthan.  He knew full well what the man wanted.  He too would have asked this of any man who had done such horrible things as Ferdor had been forced to do.  “I and my men have for so long betrayed our very people and deserve death, but please take my life for those who followed my orders.  My men are innocent.”
Dorthan was not expecting that.  It was the answer he himself might have given, had he been a traitor to his race.  “Why did you do it?”
“Why?” asked Ferdor.  How could he ever make this man understand the pain he lived with?  “I had no choice.  They kill the families of deserters before they kill the deserters themselves.  They would have killed my family in font of me then killed me as distressingly as possible.  I would  have watched my family suffer in day long executions before I had the right to die for my own crimes.  I have two sons.  My eldest is already implicated in an assassination attempt on Nathair’s life.  The boy who had been at the center of the attempt has already been executed.  His mother is already slated to be executed in two days because of it.  He was fifteen years old.  They have no love for children.  They have no compassion for grieving mothers or abandoned wives.”
“Oh, Dorthan, please.  Has there not been enough bloodshed of our people?” asked Marta whose heart was breaking for the man.
Dorthan though about his own lost son.  His heart broke for the man.  “You and you men are free.  Marta has willed your freedom.”
“Marta?”
Marta placed her hands on his.  A warm smile crossed his face as a little color began to return to his cheeks.  “Is that your name?”
Marta nodded.
He began to weep once more.  His whole body felt as though it was about to give out.  His heart could not take much more.  He was filled with dread and awe, terror and jubilation.  His stomach turned back flips as she sat next to him.
“I was hoping you would come.  You gave me so much to hope for when you blasted Orcan into the wall at Carthart.  You gave me hope then, even when I felt there was no hope left for me and my men.”
Marta could feel a tear falling down her own cheek.  She had never given anyone hope before.  The thought filled her with warmth and giddiness.  She had purpose.  She had a reason to be there.  She squeezed his hand.  “You are free from your bonds of slavery as we all look forward to a future without fear of the immortals who would treat us as pigs.”
“We’re free?” Ferdor asked.  Just the sound of those words felt strange coming from his mouth.  He had never been free.  He had never thought about actual freedom, what it would ever feel like.  The thought was so foreign to him.
She nodded and smiled.  “You are our most trusted advisor now.  You know the immortals better than any of us.  Your information will be most valuable.”
Ferdor smiled.  “Our victory then is for all the men and women throughout the lands.  It is a new beginning.  We have nothing now to fear from the immortal threat.”
“Fear?” asked Barthas sitting next to Ferdor slapping him hard on the back.  “Oh I am afraid we still have plenty to fear.”
“The demon witch Plianne is still out there,” commented Dorthan.
“And your lord Nathair,” added Marta.
“And Orcan, the Foul,” Ferdor grumbled.
“Was he the immortal with you at Carthart?” asked Marta.
Ferdor nodded.
She smiled her devilishly large smile.  “Oh I took care of him days ago.”
Ferdor nearly fell out of his seat.  His heart palpated his chest.  He had to stop to take a breather.  “Then that is news to celebrate!”
“Haul out the wine!” demanded Groth.
Everybody laughed though he was being dead serious.  Sure enough a cask had already been waiting just outside the door of the great hall.  Everyone took a glass.
“We will celebrate today as we have nothing to fear for at least this night!” said Ferdor rising to his feet.
“To victory!” yelled Barthas.
“To the future!” yelled Dorthan.
“To new friends.” said Groth.
“And old friends,” added Mela.
“To silver!” called Swill.  The men all agreed.  Ferdor looked on confused.
“And that damnable dragon,” said Dorthan.  “What’s her name again?”
“Shethra,” said Marta.
“To Shethra!” bellowed Swill and Groth in unison.  Ferdor could only agree blindly.  He had not a clue what they were talking about.
“And what does Miss Marta drink to?” asked Swill taking the seat next to her as all the men quieted down.
The buzz seemed to be killed in that moment.  Marta could only think of the lives lost and the more lives still to be ruined.  She could not hamper the men’s spirits nor dampen her own by saying anything sad or sentimental, and so she decided to drink to the one thing she could truly drink to in such a time of misplaced fear and happiness.
“And here, gentlemen,” said Marta raising her glass eyeing each of her men in turn, “is to kicking the hornet’s nest.”



The End

