The Last Human (Vampires Rule # 1)

Copyright © 2013 Rocky Grede
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, including photocopying, recording, or other electronic or mechanical methods, without the prior written permission of the publisher, except in the case of brief quotations embodied in critical reviews and certain other non-commercial uses permitted by copyright law. All character and scenarios within this book are entirely fictional. Events of this book take place in a fictional world.

Acknowledgments
I want to thank the following individuals for their help; Edith for her editing insight; Lynn for her proof reading; John the beta reader; all those who reviewed a copy of the book, and those people who pointed out mistakes in the manuscript. And Above all, I want to thank God for providing me the means and inspiration in completing this book.


Table of Contents
Title Page
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten

Chapter One
“Jake, could you do the equation on the board for us?”
I look up as twenty two heads spin in my direction; faces motionless, bodies still as statues, red rimmed eyes piercing into my face. I ignore them and sit up straighter in my chair, keeping my gaze to the front of the class.
“Err…I don’t know,” I say, covering a picture of a tree I was drawing in my exercise book with my forearm. “I mean, I don’t know the answer.”
“I insist you come up and at least have an attempt,” Mrs. Lake says, showing a hint of her fangs as a small smile dances across her lips.
I sigh, knowing she isn’t going to relent. I push my chair back, rise from my seat, and saunter towards the front of the class, keeping my limbs tucked in and away from the passing desks.
Forty eight eyes follow my progress as I walk past them; forty four of those eyes betray the hunger in them; forty four of those eyes flash because they know they can’t touch me.
 Mrs. Lake holds out the marker pen. I give her a smile before taking the pen and switching my attention to the equation on the board, wondering why we even have to do equations, the subject is history after all. 
The question is simple enough. I run the answer through my mind before writing it on the white board. I stand back and glance at Mrs. Lake. She nods her head, staring at the digits I have written, and holds out her hand for the marker.
 Forty eight eyes follow my hand as I give the marker back to Mrs. Lake. Forty eight eyes lock in place as the unthinkable happens; Mrs. Lake’s nail accidently scrapes against my fingertip, tearing the skin and causing a small droplet of crimson blood to emerge. It happens so fast, that the pain doesn’t register. But that is the least of my worries.
I stare at my finger in shock as the cold realization of the situation I’m caught in sinks in, anchoring into my stomach like dead weight. There is a deathly silence throughout the class, and I slowly tilt my head up and glance at the frozen faces, staring at me in a new light. Mrs. Lake has her thin hand slapped across her mouth; her blue eyes are wide as she understands the complicated situation.
I jump back into the whiteboard, stuffing my hand into my pocket, hiding the blood from view, just as one of the Vampires sitting in the front row springs in my direction. His eyes are blazing a deep blood red and a hungry growl rips through his throat. His face twists and contorts, giving prominence to the hideous creature lurking under his façade. His fangs flash out, the sharp points jutting from his gums. He’s a blur to my eye as he pounces several feet into the air, a mish mash of flesh and clothes. 
Before he can reach me, he’s knocked aside.
The Artico Guards spring on top of him and hold him down, pinning him to the floor with their muscular arms. The Vampire thrashes wildly, screeching and snarling, twisting his body to get me back into his line of vision. The Artico Guards lift him up and drag him to the back of the class, knocking desks and chairs aside; ignoring his guttural screams and preventing his futile attempts to break free.
My heart hammers in my chest as my blood turns icy cold, frosting my insides with a layer of fear. That was close. Too close. But it isn’t over yet.
Several students are shifting in their seats; their eyes already blood crimson, while others are standing next to their overturned chairs and desks. It is clear from their tense and stiff postures that they are resisting the temptation to lunge at me, and are holding back their true natures, while it screams at them to spring into action. They are waging a mental battle with their carnal desires.
They ignore the blood curdling snarls of their fellow Vampire, who is now pinned up against the back wall, his arms and legs held securely in place. He tries to crane his neck around to get a better look at me, like a drug addict trying to have one more glance at his stash of crack before it is whisked away. One of the Artico Guards grabs the Vampires head by the hair, and slams his face into the concrete, silencing his snarls and cries for blood.
All other eyes are on me. No one else moves as conflicting emotion’s clash in their minds, the two sides waging a mental war with the other; their inbred instincts are urging them to give into the monster within. I’m prey. I’m food. But, at the same time, I’m untouchable.
My back hits the whiteboard and my heart beats uncontrollably in my chest; the organ threating to burst from my body and race out of the room before me.
“I think it’s best if you leave,” Mrs. Lake says. Her voice is strained and her eyes flicker from my face and then to my pocket where I have my finger pressed up against my thigh.
I swallow hard. “I…yeah I should,” I manage to say. I glance at my belongings across the room, ignoring the cold unwavering stares locked on my face and pocket. It would be suicide to track back to collect my bag and coat.
“The Guards will drop your belongings off,” Mrs Lake snarls. Her fangs jolt out, but are gone just as fast. “Sorry, but I really think you should leave.” Her face goes motionless, but I know she’s supressing the urge to lunge at me.
I take a shallow breath and try to focus and clear my mind. I know I have to get out of here right now. With another deep breath, I begin to walk casually towards the door. 
Forty four blood crimson eyes follow my movement as I amble away from them; forty four blood crimson eyes suppress the hunger that is whispering to them to act now; forty four blood crimson eyes betray the longing for just one drop of my blood.
I glance at the far end of the class, towards the Vampire pinned up against the wall. He’s shaking as the others hold him securely, low whimpers escape his throat. I feel my stomach twist as I realize who it is, Alex.  We did homework together just the other night in a study group. 
One of the Artico Guards - Lucas - looks up and nods his head towards the door, beckoning me to leave.
Several low hisses cut through the silence, and I look back at Mrs. Lake.
“Jake. Please leave,” she says, her lips pursed in a thin line.
I don’t need telling twice. I open the door, half expecting several bodies to surge in my direction and bombard into me at once, before digging into my flesh with sharp fangs and tearing through sinew and bone. But none of that happens. Instead, I edge out of the class as forty four hunger ridden eyes witness their prey escaping. I close the door quietly behind me, and sprint down the corridor.
***
I press my finger tip harder against my thigh, staunching the blood, in an attempt to ebb the flow of scent lingering in the air behind me as I run down the corridors. I need to get out of here, and fast.  
I’m about to round into the next corridor when I hear two voices up ahead. I stop, retrace my footsteps, and press myself up against the wall, not daring to move any further. 
“Yes, the test paper results are in. You’ll be surprised at some of the scores.” Mr. Duke’s voice flows down the corridor, cracked and high, his French accent echoing off the walls.
“Nothing surprises me anymore, Alfred.” The second voice makes me hold my breath, and my heart beat begins to race, the pulse pounding in my ears. 
It’s the Cook. 
I curse silently in my mind, chiding myself for not waiting for my Artico Guards. 
“Can you smell that?” The snarl of the Cook makes me flinch, and a long arc of drool slaps across the wall opposite me before trickling along the paint, the saliva slimy and watery and dotted with specks of blood.  
The sound of sniffing consumes the air as they both pick up on my scent. Fear coils around my insides and I slowly edge away just as their dark shadows can be seen across the wall, sprinting in my direction on all fours. 
If I run, their primal instincts will take over: they’ll hunt me. If I stay, they’ll probably lose control and kill me. They can’t touch me, I remind myself. So I stand still, holding my breath, my pulse jittering, as they appear around the bend.
Mr. Duke looks away with a growl when he sees me. “Jake, my dear boy Jake, leave now.”
The Cook is visibly shaking as his fangs flash out, the sharp edges jagged and pointy. He takes a heavy step towards me as if it pains him to move. 
“It…is…best…if…you…leave,” he sputters the words out and his eyes swirl in a pool of deep blood shot red and his pupil’s contract into slits. “We…don’t…want…any accidents…do we?”
I shake my head and my heart pounds in my chest. 
“I…I…was about to leave,” I force the words out and take several steps back.
The Cook just stares at me, unblinking, following my progress with his demented eyes as I walk backwards on shaky legs. I then step left and out of their line of vision. I break into a run; my breathing is heavy as my lungs pump adrenalin fuelled oxygen. 
I know that I need to stop the blood flow from my finger, and wash off the blood stains lining my pocket, before this situation gets out of control or I stumble across someone who can’t control his or her craving.
The rest of the corridors are empty. I duck under the glass panels of class room doors, moving as quietly as possible. Once clear of them, I pick up pace and head towards the staff toilets. 
I round another bend and glance ahead towards the doors marked ‘M’ and ‘F’. I sprint up to the men’s bathroom, pressing my face against the wooden door to listen for any noise within. After a moment, I open the door and poke my head in to see the coast clear. I edge in and close the door behind me.
I sigh and dash towards a sink, turning the cold water tap on with a trembling hand. I look at the gnash on my finger; the wound is worse than I initially thought. The cut is deep and long, with blood still oozing from between the ripped skin. No wonder Alex had lost it.
I glance over my shoulder and towards the door. I hope no one drops in, because if they do, it will surely be the end of me.
I place my finger underneath the gush of water and watch as my blood rushes down the drain. I wince in pain as the cold water stings the open cut. 
I also need to wipe the blood from my pocket. The stain will eventually attract the whole school. I always come prepared for such situations, but all my med kit is in class. More importantly, I should have waited for the Artico Guards to escort me. I hope they find me before anyone else does
 I look around for toilet paper. It will have to do as a bandage for the time being. 
Then, I hear the voices. I pause and cock my head towards the entrance as fear wraps its unforgiving tentacles around my body.
“Nah, you guys cheated.” The first voice drifts through the door, muffled and loud. 
I hold my breath. Please pass.
“Whatever, you’re just jealous.” The second voice is deeper, hard and rough.
I keep my body still, and my heart beat begins to race.
“Who cares, it’s just the first term anyway.” The third voice makes my eyes go wide.
All of a sudden, as though a tape recording has been muted, the voices stop. Rivers of sweat trickle down my neck as I stare at the closed door in anticipation. 
“Do you guys smell that?” The deep voice makes my body flinch. I slowly back away, looking for an escape route, but only concrete and the shiny surface of tiles and ceramic stare back at me, the latter two teasing me with my own horrified reflection.
The door swings open with a thud. It breaks off its hinges and hangs limply off the last few screws, creaking from the weight; broken wood splinters jut out from the edges. 
The noise has me jumping backwards, and my lower back slams into the base of the sink. I slide my free hand into my pocket and grip the hilt of my knife tightly, more out of comfort than anything else because I know that I don’t stand a chance against their speed and strength.
They remain in the door way as they see me standing like some lost puppy. The shock of the moment dissolves and they somewhat recover from the rare scene. Davilon then moves gracefully to the front of his small group. His nostrils flare as he breathes in the scent of my blood. 
“Jake,” he says in his silky voice. “Jake you”- he inhales sharply and his eyes light up - “smell delicious…” The last two words hang in the air between us, uncomfortable and awkward, filling the space with further unspoken words and actions. But Davilon doesn’t move. He doesn’t pounce. He just stares. They all stare.
“Guys…you got your test papers back?” I ask softly, hoping my voice doesn’t betray my fear, hoping they get distracted from the scent of my blood.
They don’t move.
I try a new line of tactic. I make a show of sniffing the air. “The air freshener smells great,” I say. “Care taker sure has some taste…” The irony leaves my lips dry, but no one is fooled.
They suddenly lose interest in me, and cock their heads to the right. Davilon lets out a deep growl and backs out into the corridor, leaving me frowning in confusion. 
Two quick flashes, blurs to my eyes, and standing in the doorway are two Artico Guards. I relax as relief floods through my body, chasing away the fear and replacing it with a sense of security. But then I notice their uniforms; the black of the Destroyers, with the Destroyer symbol embedded into the fabric. They aren’t my normal Guards. But it doesn’t matter. I’ve never been so relieved to see them in my life. 
The slimmer of the two, with blonde hair pinned back in a ponytail, steps forward. His movements are quick and graceful, and his eyes are hidden behind shades. 
“Jake,” he says calmly, nodding his head in greeting. He gazes at my wounded finger, then at my pocket and then back at me. “We have come to collect you.”
The other Destroyer, sporting a short black beard and straight long hair hanging low on his shoulders, flexes his muscular arms. “Did you have any issues?” he asks, his voice rumbling. 
I shake my head, figuring I’ll talk to Lexus about Alex and convince him not to take any action. I know Lexus will be furious at the attempt on my life, but he always listens to reason and I don’t think I will be able to live with myself if Alex is hurt because of me. I doubt Lexus will harm him though.
I glance over the shoulders of the Destroyers, and at the sour expression on Davilon’s face. “Guys I’ll catch you later,” I say, biting back a grin, my earlier fear and dread gone as I grasp this rare moment of revenge. 
Davilon gives me a stare full of utter loathing, his eyes flash in warning. The two Artico Destroyers cock their heads back and stare at Davilon and his two friends, who both avert their gazes. Finally, Davilon does too, and they all disappear down the corridor without another word.
“Friends of yours?” says the blonde Destroyer.
This time I smirk. “The loose kind.

Chapter Two
We saunter along the deserted corridors at a walking pace. The blonde Destroyer leads the way while the other takes the rear guard. They keep their distance from me, and I realize the alluring scent of my blood must be hanging in the air, the sweet aroma of my essence almost teasing them. I shift uncomfortably, but relax at the thought that they are Lexus’s most trusted soldiers.  Harming me would be the last thing on their minds.
I notice the blonde Artico is leading us towards the back of the school, possibly through a fire exit, and away from the masses of Vampires concentrated within the east and west wings of the school.
 We pass a few classrooms full of students. The chit chatter radiating from the rooms abruptly ceases as we walk past them. When we round a corner, the doors open and heads poke out, and eyes stare at me. But no one follows us.
The corridors are dimly lit by bulbs, the light eerie and orange, beaming down on us from the rows of them littered across the ceilings.
The blonde Artico pauses, his ponytail sways as he glances over his shoulder. 
“Keep close,” he says. “Very unlikely we will meet any obstacles, but the possibility exists.” 
I nod back at him, knowing full well how dire my situation is. Any Vampire, despite how long I’ve been amongst them, might lose control. Or worse, a group of them might give in to their cravings. Despite my escorts being Destroyers, I am not sure if they would be able to fend off a horde of Vampires.
The blonde Artico turns into a dark unlit corridor, and I feel slightly conscious about the shadowy darkness I find myself in, closed on all sides with nowhere to escape. For a second, I imagine hordes of feral Vampires bursting from each side, trapping us in, before exploding to me with bared fangs. I shake the disturbing thought off.
The blonde Artico sprints forward, causing the air to blow in his wake and rush back into my face. I pause, blinking away the sudden current of wind, wondering the cause of his action. About a second later, a door swings open at the end of the corridor. Cold air from the wind, and light from the moon, comes flooding in, breathing new life into the darkness of the narrow passageway. 
The blonde Artico walks out into the frigid night, and motions me to follow with a quick gesture of his hand. I walk after him and linger at the entrance of the open door. The sky is a darkish blue-black and dotted with stars. The moon shimmers in the sky, half hidden behind dark clouds that slowly march across the heavens. An icy wind blows in my face and bites into my skin, sending a shiver through my body. 
I leave the door open and amble after the blonde Artico, who is now walking to the familiar black vehicle parked across the street that I normally ride in. As I walk towards the car, I glance into the darkness surrounding us, expecting several Vampires to be hiding in the shadows, drooling at the sight of my blood. But the night is still and nothing moves or springs at me. I look over my shoulder to see the muscular Artico standing at the fire exit. His hair blows across his face as the wind weaves through the strands.
“He will gather your belongings.”
I turn my attention back to the blonde Artico, who has opened the back door of the car for me like a chauffeur. Under the moonlight, his features stand out clearly. His long blonde hair, pinned back in a ponytail, has a whitish texture like snow mixed with yellow. His face is smooth and expressionless and his cheek bones are set high. I figure he must be old and powerful, since he is wearing the Destroyer badge across his chest. Those badges are only given to the most trustworthy, loyal and powerful Vampires.
“Would you rather walk?” the blonde Artico says, looking up and down the empty road, his lips curving into a grin. So he has a sense of humor too.
I trudge towards the car and slip into the back seat. The Artico closes the door, and gets into the driver’s side. He glances over his shoulder and regards me from behind his shades. He must smell the blood. The scent must be solidified by now. But he doesn’t comment, and instead, he guns the engine to life.
I gulp and stare out the window as we drive away from the school.
***
Vampires walk amongst the streets, dressed in various peculiar attires. Some sporting top hats and walking sticks, others more modern, dressed in rock style clothing with their hair spiked up and held with gel.
Stores and markets are open along the roads, and Vampires move in and out of them, doing their daily shopping. The lights from street lamps are dim and glowing orange, revealing the dark silhouettes of Vampires below them. 
Several heads look in our direction as we drive past them as though they caught the whiff of something odd. They then resume with their own business, not thinking much of it. 
The car suddenly stops, causing me to hurtle forward and my seatbelt pulls me back, momentarily sucking the air out of my lungs. I frown at the abrupt pause, and I move my head towards the window to discern the cause of the delay. My face drops at the sight. A Vampire has blocked the road.
He is standing directly in front of the car. He is wearing a long top hat, the sphere shaped base fans out around his head like an umbrella. He’s wearing a duster coat; the ends of the fabric near his ankles flap as the wind blows. His eyes are fixed on the car. Then I realize, with a sudden coldness, they are fixed on me. Though the windows are tinted, he must still sense me. He must smell the blood. 
The Artico honks several times. But the Vampire on the road doesn’t move. 
“Why is he blocking the road?” I find myself asking.
“Take a guess,” the Artico replies without taking his eyes off the Vampire.
I don’t need to guess. The answer is obvious. This must be a powerful Vampire if he smelled my blood this far off and blocked the road in advance. And by his posture and stance, he is close to losing control. I gulp and stare at the sidewalks to find that other Vampires are pausing and sniffing the air. This isn’t good.
“Stay here,” the Artico says.
“Where are you going?” My fear must have seeped through into my words, because the Artico looks back. 
“To resolve the complication on the road, before it escalates into a bigger predicament.”
I nod and glance back out the window and towards the other Vampires who are now cocking their heads and regarding the car curiously, probably trying to figure out why the usual human, who journeys in this car, smells extra appealing today.
The Artico swings the door open and slides out, shutting it softly behind him. He glances about the street before snarling at the surrounding Vampires. I wince at the primal and feral sound, the syllables high pitched and brutal.  The Vampires on the sidewalks disappear into the shadows, sensing the bigger predator and the command issued by their superior. But the one standing in the middle of the road doesn’t move. He is still staring at the car, staring at me.
The Artico gracefully moves into the line of sight of the Vampire, blocking me from his view. I tilt my head towards the window seat to get a better look. The Vampire is now gazing at the Artico with his head cocked to one side, his eyes blazing like a furnace. For a second, I think he is going to attack, but then he moves back, shakes his head as if waking from a daze, turns, and disappears into the darkness of the night. I sigh and slump back into the car seat, wiping my sweaty hands against my trousers.
The Artico slips back into the car and hits the accelerator. He doesn’t say anything and keeps his focus on the road, so I decide to break the silence, “So, who was that guy?” 
“A Vampire,” the Artico says, keeping his eyes straight ahead. 
My snort gets caught in my throat, and I take a deep breath to push it down further. I stare out the windows, and at the Vampires lurking and moving in the shadows, watching us as we disappear around a bend. 
As we drive through the city, my thoughts drift back to Alex, the Vampire who was so close to killing me. I wonder what Lexus will do to him. 
“What are you thinking?” The voice of the Artico breaks me from my thoughts, and I glance at the rear view mirror to find him studying me.
“Nothing,” I say with a shrug, but then I add, “Well…I was thinking about the guy who almost got to me in school, you know, the one who almost ripped my throat out.”
The Artico doesn’t reply, and instead turns his eyes back to the road. He presses his foot on the gas, sending the car bursting forward.
*** 
The Manor looms in the distance; an old ancient structure built centuries ago. The razor wire fence, surrounding the perimeter, gleams under the moon light, sending out flashes of warning to would be trespassers. 
The large electronic titanium gates open with a hiss as we approach. Two Artico Guards, standing in the shadows of several oak trees, wave us through, and we drive up to the deserted car park. 
The Artico kills off the engine and silently gets out. He then slides my door open and stands back. “Come. Lexus wishes to see you.”
I frown. “Is it about what happened today?” Lexus doesn’t take attempts on my life lightly and I wonder how he is going to react to this recent one.
“Not entirely,” The Artico says in a cool voice as he begins to walk up to the Manor’s entrance. 
As I follow him, a thought strikes me; where are my other Artico Guards? Why aren’t they escorting me? With my finger bleeding, and with the worry of being eaten, and then the relief of being rescued from that fate, didn’t really give me much time to think about it earlier. I’ve never had Artico Destroyers as my escorts before. I find it odd that all of a sudden they are guarding me, and I wonder where Lucas and Wavin – my Artico Guards – are now.
The Artico Guards, who are standing on either side of the front door like carved statues, step out of our way as we pass through the reinforced steel entrance to the Manor. The hallway beyond is brightly lit, and the patterned bulbs seem to shimmer.
The blonde Artico leads me to Lexus’s office. He pauses outside and motions for me to enter. I glance at him and knock on the door, wondering why he didn’t just knock himself.
“Come in,” Lexus’s calm voice answers from the other side.
I push the door open and enter the dark office. A flickering candle, situated on Lexus’s desk, is the only source of light. The bright orange and red flames cast shadows across the walls.
Lexus is sitting in his leather chair behind his desk, his dark brown hair falls across his face as he flicks through paperwork. 
“How you feeling?” he asks without sparing me a glance.
“Great,” I shrug. Alex’s face flashes through my mind, contorted in fury and hunger.        “What will happen to Alex?” Breaches aren’t tolerated, especially ones that will place the adopted son of Lexus in danger. I remember the first time one of the Vampires had almost killed me. My Artico Guards at the time had tackled the feral Vampire and marched him away. I never saw the Vampire ever again. I never asked what became of him, not wanting to know.
“He will be dealt with,” Lexus says in his calm cool voice, closing one folder and opening another.
“I think he didn’t mean to --”
“Want to eat you?” Lexus finishes, glancing up and meeting my gaze. His emerald green eyes reflect the flames of the glimmering candle, creating a golden crisscross of colours across his pupils. “What do you think I should do with him?”
I stare at the burning candle for inspiration, before turning back to him. “Um…give him a warning?”
Lexus regards me for a moment, his steady eyes locked on mine. He then puts the folder he was holding aside and picks up a new one. 
“I have something important to tell you,” he says, staring at the folder in front of him for several seconds before placing it atop of a neat pile. He then places both his arms behind his head, interlocking the fingers of his hands, and leans back in his chair. He studies me with his emerald green eyes.
It’s in these rare moments that you can see how young he was before he was turned. His skin is smooth and flawless, and his eyes are intelligent and wise. There is a youthful quality about him, even though he is centuries old.
“There have been some issues. And I have decided to assign you two Artico Destroyers as your escorts until the matters are resolved.” He falls silent and waits for my reaction.
“What kind of issues?”
His expression remains carefully neutral when he says, “The new escorts have been assigned for your safety.” 
I toss his words around in my head. This issue must be big if he is assigning some of the elite Articos as my escorts. And the only thing this big could be a threat from the outside. I look up to see him nodding. So the threats could be from any four sources. 
First, from the Balderush Vampires up North, who have been known to never be content with what they have. One was caught the other week trying to sneak past the border; apparently he was after blood supplies and was sent by his superiors to locate where we kept our blood banks. Not quite sure what became of him, but Lexus later assured me that he was tossed back over the border with a letter of warning for his superiors. 
The second threat is from the Kron Vampires down South. They are known for their betrayal and greed. In the past they have conspired against both the Artico and Balderush Vampires. They are always lurking in the shadows, waiting and prowling for a golden opportunity to strike.
The third threat is from the East. No one knows what even exists there anymore. Some say it’s just abandoned deserts. Others say large masses of humans populate the lands. Many tend to believe the latter, but all those who have ventured east are never seen again. It is as though they disappeared as soon as they arrived there. Lexus is certain humans reside there, hidden and safe from external threats.
The final threat is from the Shadow Zone; a strip of land known as ‘No Vamps territory’. Some say mutations exist within the desolate ruins of the Zone.  Others claim predators reside there who are best left alone. A cloak of impenetrable darkness surrounds the Zone, which according to Lexus was the result of radiation explosives, hiding its contents from view.
“Elis and Maxwell will be your escorts,” Lexus interrupts my wandering thoughts. He looks over my shoulder, and I follow his gaze to see the two Destroyers entering.
I glance between them. The Destroyer sporting the beard is holding my school bag in one hand. His jawline is set hard, and the muscles of his arms strain against his Destroyer uniform. Although not as muscular as the other Destroyer, the blonde Destroyer is lean and exudes power and confidence. I find myself wondering how old and powerful he really is.
I nod my head and turn back to Lexus, who is now staring at my pocket. I realize I still have my hand hidden in there. 
“Jake, wash the stain off. Make sure it is completely erased,” Lexus says, glancing up at me. 
I nod, with a dip of my head, and change the subject to something less bloodless. “What you filing through?” I ask. I incline my head at the masses of folders neatly piled on his desk.
“Evaluating the city finances,” he says, his eyes drifting over his littered desk. “Then I have the food supplies to analyze.” 
I realize I’ve been dismissed. 
As I turn to leave, Elis and Maxwell glide to one side, giving me access to the door. I glance over my shoulder towards Lexus, and a grin begins to form across my lips, “Catch you later, dad.”
I laugh as one of his eyebrows arch up.

Chapter Three
It happened when I was five. 
We lived in the country side, isolated and away from any other living humans. My parents told me humans existed somewhere out there, somewhere in the wilderness, living in groups and societies. I used to ask them, why can’t we visit them? Some day we will, they used to reassure me.
My dad harvested the crops in the summer, plowing the fields and supervising the land. “Want to help me?” he always said, with his blue eyes twinkling and a bright smile radiating across his face. 
My mom tended to the chickens and kept the house in order. Her short wavy hair always managed to fall into her eyes, and she always laughed when I pointed it out and suggested she should cut it.
Every day I ran out into the fields, inhaling the scent of pine wood and blossoming flowers. I careened along the lush green grass, smiling as the wind rushed against my skin and as crisp air weaved its way through my lungs. I breathed in the life around me, cherishing every moment, cherishing every second of my life. 
During the days we were free. During the nights we hid under the cottage.
It was a happy life. I remember vivid details as though it was only yesterday. I remember the first time I touched a chicken. I remember the first time I climbed a tree, and couldn’t get back down until my dad lifted me off the branch I was gripping. I remember the sweet cakes my mother used to make. I remember my father’s rich laugh.
We were content. We were together. We were happy… until they came.
I heard stories from my parents of creatures that lurked in the darkness, hiding and moving within the shadows. My parents told me that during the days we were mostly safe from the creatures, but during the nights we had to hide. I was young then, and such stories kept me entertained. But the night of my birthday changed everything.
It was past sunset and my father was outside, locking the chickens in the barn. My mother was leading me downstairs, and into the basement to sleep. We had had a long day, celebrating my fifth birthday, opening presents, and eating cake. Halfway down the basement steps we heard the noise. It was like nothing I had ever heard before. I had heard wolves howl out in the woods, but this was different. It was a high pitched, ear splitting growl. And it was close.
My mother froze and her eyes widened. I didn’t understand what was happening, but I knew something was wrong - that we were in danger. I was too scared to speak. My mother grabbed my hand and almost dragged me down into the basement. She took me to a secret hideout location, built under the floorboards. She hugged me one last time before lifting me down into the darkness.
Hot tears flowed along my face. She didn’t meet my eyes when she told me to stay quiet and still. She told me she loved me. She told me not to open the lock, no matter what I heard or what happened. She told me if she didn’t come back, I should go through one of the tunnels, which lead to the other side of the woods and into a cave we had once visited. 
I wanted to tell her she had to come back for me. I wanted to tell her nothing was going to happen. I wanted to tell her I was scared of the tunnel, but no words came out of my mouth. The last I saw of her was when she closed the trap door, blinking back her tears, and engulfing me in darkness. I just stood there, looking up at the place where her face had been, until the savage snarls had me backing into a corner.
I placed my hands over my ears to block out the screams and unnatural snarls and growls that were sounding closer by the second. I curled up on the floor, sobs escaping my throat, hiding my face between my arms. 
I do not know how long I stayed like that, but there came a point when everything went silent. I looked up as the trap door was flung open and a face, hidden within the shadows, emerged. Then, a body had jumped down into the hideout. I was frozen in place with fear and dread. 
The person had slowly walked towards me, his movements cat like and sleek. He bent down and gently pried my hands away from my ears. His emerald green eyes were soft and full of pity. His next words I would go on to remember, probably until my dying breath, were: “You’re safe now.”
His name was Lexus. And he adopted me as his son. 
Years flew by. He was always there for me. He always had time for me. He always played with me. He always had a smile for me. We lived together in my father’s cottage. But when I was ten, I finally confronted him about my past.
I always heard the screams of my mother in my dreams, and I used to wake up shaking, trembling, and shouting her name out in the middle of the night. The monsters had gotten her. I never found out what happened to my father. I never asked Lexus. But as the years went by, as my confidence and courage grew, I confronted him. 
I knew he was different. I knew he had a different side to him. I knew the red drinks he had weren’t cherry juice. I knew he was a Vampire, he had said so much himself on several occasions. He called it a mutation. 
As I grew older, so did my curiosity. I had searched the cottage during the days when Lexus was nowhere to be found. I had found stacks of blood in large freezers in the basement. The blood was bottled and arranged in neat rows with the animal source clearly labeled across the glass.
My suspicions had built up when I made this discovery. There was a nagging feeling in the back of my mind, which I suppressed as best I could, which I ignored at every other opportunity. But it would come back in lethal force; screaming at me, until one day I convinced myself it was true.
I confronted him in his office. I was gripping a large knife in one hand, the hilt wet with my sweat. He asked me what was wrong, eyeing the knife curiously.  It was then that it all came out. The night my parents were murdered; the night the Vampires had come. The night we never talked about. The night Lexus had turned up. I forced out the question that with all my heart I hoped wasn’t true. Did he kill my parents? I held my breath, and waited for his answer. 
Was he the monster that had butchered my parents? The one who had adopted me and acted as a father figure? Was he the killer?
He stood up and slowly walked towards me. I held up the knife further, warning him to keep his distance, but he put my arm down gently, pointing the knife to the floor and breaking my resolve with it. He took me by my shoulders and tilted my head up so I was looking directly into his green eyes. “No,” he said. That one word flooded me with relief.
I asked him, who did kill my parents?
He said it was other Vampires.
I asked him, what happened to my parents?
He said there were murdered.
I asked him, why didn’t they come for me?
He said he killed them.
I asked him why? Why didn’t he just join in? Why didn’t he just kill me and drain me dry.
He moved his head, so it was inches away from my face, and whispered, “I’m not a monster.”
I believed him. I asked him were there any other Vampires around. He said yes. As the pieces began to fit, I asked him, was it because I was human that he kept me away from other Vampires? He said yes. But he said, soon, I will meet them. And they will not hurt me. They will not touch me. If they ever did, he would kill them. That week we moved into the Manor, and into the city of Vampires.

Chapter Four
I wake up to the shrilling of my alarm clock. The small structure vibrates with the noise, almost bouncing on the spot as the gears work their internal wonders. 
The high pitched sound rings in my eardrums, making me wince as a mis-match of sensory messages are sent to my brain. With one heavy swipe of my arm, I knock the alarm clock off the desk, sending it hurtling across the room. 
I blink several times as sunlight peeps through the blinds, a blend of orange and yellow, creating patterns across the bedroom that bathe the furniture in golden bronze. 
I shrug off the covers and stagger out of bed. I pick the clock up from the floor and slam my fist against the top, ending the harsh sound. I look at the time with a yawn; my eye lids feel heavy as the lingering fuzziness of sleep slowly blows off. 
I wipe my hand across my face, focusing on the numbers flashing back at me. It is a short while before sunset. So there is a short time for me to go outside and enjoy the last part of the day while the sun is still up. I have a quick shower, a change of clothes, and head downstairs.
I clamp down the spiral staircase; the ancient steps underneath my feet groan as though waking up from a long, deep slumber, their moans creaky and hollow. My socks pound on the green carpet layered across each step, the material warm and soft.  
An eerie silence cloaks the Manor as I walk through the deserted hallways. The silence stretches in each direction like an invisible blanket, encasing the Manor in a shroud of stillness. The Vampires are probably asleep, aside from a few Guards and the Destroyer James, who are probably prowling in the shadows of the Manor, alert and watchful for disturbances. 
I saunter into the kitchen and grab something to eat. The maid normally leaves something in the freezer. Today she has left coleslaw and fish.
I sit at the kitchen table and gaze out the open window. Sunlight streams in and a breeze blows through the kitchen. The soft wind pats against my face, and the cool air lingers on my skin. 
I gulp down the remaining contents of milk, and shovel the last spoonful of coleslaw into my mouth, before making a beeline for the exit. 
The sun is hanging low in the sky as I close the door behind me. A blaze of golden orange and red brightens the horizon as the sunset draws closer. White clouds march across the darkening blue atmosphere, fuzzy shapes of white, puffy and creamy, disappearing as night comes calling.
“Where do you wish to go?”
The voice startles me, and I look around wildly. Then I see him. 
“What did you say?” I say, and the irritation in my voice seeps through, like water escaping through a hose. I instantly regret my tone. You don’t use that kind of attitude with Artico Destroyers. But my escort doesn’t seem to mind, because he smiles an amused smile. 
Elis or is it Maxwell - since I don’t know who is who - pushes himself off the wall he was leaning on. 
“To escort you of course,” he says, deciding not to reprimand me for my sudden outburst.
My Artico Guards normally escort me when I roam around during the daytime. At this time of day, the streets and roads are deserted and I hardly come across any Vampire apart from a few of the older ones. But they never bother me in the least.
I shrug my shoulders and look up at the sun, a burning sphere of molten lava, shining down at us in its last throngs. “You reckon you can handle it?” I ask him with a smile that mirrors his. 
Most Vampires can’t tolerate daylight. Their skin can’t handle the sun’s rays. But powerful and stronger Vampires can walk under the sun. According to Lexus, it can sometimes cause discomfort. 
A Vampire as old and powerful as Lexus can walk in broad daylight without blinking an eye, though he sometimes wears gloves and a hat to shade his face and hands. Lesser Vampires, if they stay out too long, will literally combust into flames, and then drivel into a pile of black ashes.
To my surprise, Elis or Maxwell, looks up at the sun with unblinking eyes. The sun’s rays bathe his face in bright beams, showing the paleness and tautness of his skin. 
“I’ve encountered worse,” he says after a moment, but he slips on a pair of gloves and wears a top hat.
“If you say so,” I reply with a shrug, yet again wondering how powerful he really is. He was acting like the sun didn’t bother him in the least. 
I head out the gates, opening them with a key, and walk across the lonely street that leads to the crux of the city.
“My name’s Elis.”
I pause and look back at him. “Okay,” I say. “You can call me Jake.”
Elis nods and glances up and down the street. “What is your routine for today?” he says, turning his calm features back on me.
I look around as though I have everything planned, though I’m not sure what I’m going to do. Normally I just walk around aimlessly and just enjoy the scenery around me while it is bathed in light. 
“Probably go to the park,” I say finally, and I start trotting in that direction.
Elis stays several feet behind me and I study him from the corner of my eyes. His blonde hair, pinned back, is almost glowing under the sun’s rays. He seems alert, and I catch subtle movements of his head as he scans the area for threats. He then slips on his shades. 
We walk in silence for several long minutes as we pass roads and buildings. Litter blows with the wind, and pigeons dig through empty food cartons, scavenging for leftovers. 
I rub the back of my neck and replay Lexus’s words from last night. I caught up with him again later in the night and asked him for more information on the new threat he had alluded to, more out of curiosity than anything else. But he had refused to tell me anything, and said it was best if I didn’t think about it. 
I slide into step next to Elis, deciding to try and garner some information from him about this supposed new threat; if anyone would know, it would be him. 
“So…how come you guys are now escorting me?” I say. Artico Destroyers are the elite Guards. They are usually involved in undercover assignments and are used sparingly since their numbers are so low. There are only ten of them. 
At first Elis doesn’t answer, but then he pauses and cocks his head to one side as if contemplating my question. “Lexus assigned us,” he says.
“But what was the issue Lexus was referring to?” I prod.
“You should ask Lexus”- he stops in midsentence and gazes skyward - “we should head back. School starts in a short while.”
I check my watch. We still have some time. But after what happened yesterday, with a Vampire losing it over the sight of my blood, today I’m planning to get in early and avoid the mass stares which will flow my way from the large crowd that hangs around the school entrance. 
“Just a few minutes then we’ll go,” I say. Elis acknowledges my request with a bow of his head.
The park harbors a selection of tress. The plants scattered around in the untouched strip of land; larger ones towering into the sky and smaller ones within their midst, hidden under thick hanging branches. 
I crouch down next to a patch of roses, and gingerly brush my finger against the smooth and delicate petals, their fragrance sharp and sweet. Though the world is in ruins, life still goes on in its different forms. 
I look up as a flock of crows fly overhead, their wings beating under the setting sun. Birds sing sweet melodies, hidden within branches of towering trees, their beaks raised towards the sky. 
It is relaxing to sit here and watch the life blossom around me, watch time march towards its goal. I could remain here and let my life wither away while I admire the scenery, lost in its beauty and peace, but such life is no life. 
***
We walk up to the school, deciding to leave the car behind since it would be time consuming to track back. Maxwell meets us halfway, emerging from the shadows of a building, and stalks silently beside me. No ‘Hello’, no ‘Good morning’, just all business. His tall muscled frame attracts a few uneasy glances from early risers. 
The setting sun is in its final stages, immersing the darkening sky in vibrant orange and pink, and bringing the day to a close and a start to a new night for the city. 
As I expected, the school is deserted at this time of day, and the only movement is the schools sign, creaking and shuddering as the wind brushes against it. 
We saunter through the open front gate and through the reception door. The unlocked gate and doors suggest that the caretaker is up and about, either lurking in the corridors or probably in his office. In the lunch hall, when he forces his presence upon us, he sits alone in a corner, eating dead pigeons, feathers and all, licking the blood cleanly from the bones. Even most of the Vampires find his behavior disgusting, but the care taker never seems to mind, hissing and growling with joy as he devours the flesh. 
I amble towards my geography class. Light bulbs twinkle to life, illuminating the corridors and chasing away the darkness. 
My geography class is empty, and I sigh with relief and take my normal seat at the back, slumping into my chair and placing my backpack on the floor. Elis and Maxwell take up positions against the back wall behind my chair. They fold their arms across their chests, their gazes locked on the door. 
I pull my school books out, wondering what kind of rumors might be circulating regarding yesterday’s events, and what kind of reception is in store for me from the Vampires. No doubt a section of them will be saddened that I somehow survived.
The door opens, and I look up as Fruz enters. His black hair, slapped with gel, is spiked up. He glances around with his wide cookie brown eyes and grins when he sees me. His eyes hover over to Elis and Maxwell and an uneasy look flashes across them. Never the less, he ambles to the desk next to me, throws his backpack down, and jumps into the chair.
“The whole school knows,” he says, leaning his chair in my direction, his face amused.
I shrug my shoulders as though it’s insignificant, though inwardly my stomach is swirling with anxiety. I get enough attention as it is. But this will just bring me back to the center of attention like a celebrity who has hit the headlines again.
“What were you thinking in picking history anyway, that class is full of low lives,” Fruz continues, rocking his chair back and ripping one side of his bag clean open when the zip gets stuck. He takes out his textbooks and drops them on his desk and stares at them as though he can’t be bothered with them.
He has a point regarding my history class. Even though Lexus is the undisputed ruler, there are still factions amongst the Vampires. The Articos are split into three main groups. Even though Lexus rules over all three, some groups are more loyal to him than others. My history class is littered with those who have parents that never agreed with Lexus’s decision to adopt me. But the only reason I chose the subject was because Lexus has always laid a great emphasis on it: “We can learn from our mistakes by examining the past,” he has said on many occasions. He used to spend hours teaching me in his office or outside in the yard of the Manor whenever he had the time.
“It’s not that bad,” I say with a thoughtful expression. The downside is that they just want to eat me, my conscious whispers back to me.
Fruz makes a face. He leans his chair in my direction and sniffs. “They said you smelled like a chicken burger”- he inhales sharply - “you smell normal now. Normal as in you’d still taste great.” He grins, and glances around the vacant class as if expecting to see others laughing at his joke. The smile slips from his face when he notices the Artico Destroyers staring at him, and he quickly straightens himself up and busies himself with a textbook, suddenly interested in the black and white text.
The door swings open and I glance up as other Vampires glide in, expressions motionless, moving gracefully into the room. A few stares are shot my way, but then averted as they see the Destroyers behind me. Some smirk but look away just as fast, not wanting to draw attention from my body guards, but Elis’s and Maxwell’s gazes follow them to their seats, their sly gestures not missed by the experienced duo. 
Mr. Duke enters with suitcase in one hand. He marches behind his desk and sits down. He stares at the crack in the ceiling like he always does when he’s waiting for late arrivals to turn up.
The door bangs open and Nathan’s huge frame edges through. He looks straight at me and frowns. He glides over and takes the seat to my right. 
“I heard what happened,” he says, his voice rumbling.
“Yeah, well, these things happen,” I say, like such incidents were normal.
Nathan nods, his large jaw moving as he clenches it. “Davilon was saying you crapped your pants when they walked in on you in the men’s toilets,” he says, looking at me intently.
“What?”
Nathan nods. “Yeah, I knew he was talking it. Want me to sort him out?” he cracks his knuckles. The noise attracts the attention of the whole class.
“Nah, he’s not worth it,” I whisper. I might as well have shouted it out since every ear probably heard it. This is confirmed when several Vampires smile at my comment. 
Davilon is one of the popular Vampires in the school. His father is an influential figure, and was one of the first to protest when Lexus announced me as his adopted son, though that protest was retracted when Lexus had threatened him. Davilon is similar to his father in many ways, arrogant, prideful, amongst other things.
All heads turn to the door as Albert strides in, a badminton case flung over one shoulder. He shoots us a wave before taking his usual seat at the front.
All of a sudden, everyone in the room goes still. I look around wondering what’s going on and I quickly glance at my finger. But to my relief, the bandage is still securely in place. 
All eyes turn towards the door. I look around at the motionless faces, before turning my own attention to the door, trying to figure out what I’m missing. 
The door opens, and a Vampire, that I have never seen before walks in. And behind him are two Artico Destroyers.
The Vampire is wearing a white jacket with black shades covering his eyes. His dark brown hair falls across his forehead in waves, resting against his creamy skin. The Vampire tightens his grip on the bag, which is slung over one of his shoulders, and nods once at Mr. Duke. Duke inclines his head in greeting, and motions at a deserted seat at the front. 
The Vampire pulls the chair out from under the desk and sits down, hanging his bag over the back of the chair. The Artico Destroyers close the door and stand guard, ignoring glances which dart from them to the new Vampire. One of the Destroyers is short and stocky, and his thick arms hang by his side. The other Destroyer has tendrils of dreadlocks falling across his shoulders. Both of them are wearing shades.
The Vampires in the class exchange curious glances. Fruz veers to one side to get a better look at the new guy. He frowns, shrugs and slumps back into his chair. Nathan is frowning as though he is trying to figure something out. He taps the tip of his pen against his dark pink lips as if it would help. He then also shrugs, and begins to doodle on the edge of his desk.
Mr. Duke rises from his seat. He doesn’t introduce the new guy. When I first arrived at this school, he introduced me to everyone like a freak show. He also explained, in my presence, that I was untouchable and that if anyone so as if laid a finger on me, he had paused and pointed at my then Artico Guards, finishing the silent message: You’ll be ripped to shreds. 
Mr. Duke glides to the whiteboard and turns to the class. “You will get your test paper results in a few days,” he says, stretching out the words with his French accent. “Until then, turn to page sixty seven, sedimentary rocks.”

Chapter Five
According to Lexus, Vampires have been around for thousands of years, living in the shadows and darkness of the night, hidden from the world to which they were nothing more but a myth told in stories, mere folklore and legends passed down by story tellers. 
Lexus says that around two thousand years ago, a mutation resulted in a human turning into a Vampire. Since then, other Vampires were created throughout time by the simple process of a Vampire biting a human, and armies and societies were raised as a result.
A Vampire can also be born to Vampire parents. At a certain age the offspring stops aging. It varies from Vampire to Vampire the age a Vampire will remain at. It could be twenty or thirty or even sixty.
Once bitten by a Vampire, the transformation begins.
The victim develops a thirst for human blood, though animal blood is sufficient and ebbs the craving, but many prefer human blood and its rich taste and scent. The victim can eat human food too, but too long without blood and the victim would go crazy with hunger, turning into a mindless vicious mutt intent on killing and devouring anything within reach.
The victim’s skin turns very sensitive to sunlight, so sensitive that it could burn when exposed to the sun. But as time progresses, the skin becomes more resistant to the sun’s rays. Lexus says that the sun’s rays just prickle his skin as opposed to the days when his skin would sizzle and burn.
The victim gets stronger and faster. The victim’s reflexes and vision improves. The victim’s healing is accelerated. Lexus demonstrated this to me once. He took a kitchen knife and sliced his palm. Several seconds later, the skin had healed, leaving a faint pink scar where the cut had been. Several minutes later that was gone too, and the skin was smooth as it was before with no sign of it ever being damaged.
I asked Lexus for further details regarding the mutation. Where did it come from? How did it happen? Was there a cure to reverse a Vampire back into human form? 
He said he doesn’t know where the mutation came from or how it developed, though he searches for clues and has been doing so for centuries. 
Lexus was turned by the original Vampire, the one who had contracted the mutation. The original Vampire had bitten him, and informed him he would be a part of an army whose purpose would be to enslave mankind. 
The original Vampire claimed ignorance of the mutations origins, stating he had no knowledge of the mutation and his transformation erased the memory of his previous life. But he was sure that he was the only Vampire in existence at the time, the original.
Lexus says when he had awoken the next day, he felt different and the changes happened slowly at first. The thirst for blood, the sensitivity to the sun, the increase in strength; speed, agility and sight came in gradual stages. Until finally, he was fully turned into what he is today. 
I asked Lexus about his human life, but he refused to tell me anything about his past aside from the fact he had to let it go for every ones safety. He had to move on. The world moves on, so did he.
The original Vampire turned many others after Lexus, increasing the number of his army to thousands. Lexus says that he never agreed with the original Vampire and never intended to wage war against mankind, so he waited for an opportunity to kill him.
The original Vampire disappeared before Lexus could kill him, disbanding them all in the act. They never found any trace of him, and the Vampire army he had created scattered, and formed various groups and societies, and followed different paths and ideals. 
I asked Lexus why humans do not exist in the world. He told me that during times gone by humans used to populate the earth in their billions, creating thousands of cities and conquering vast lands. But then, they erased themselves from the face of the earth through wars, nuclear war fare, and by using biological weapons against one another. He said radioactivity killed most of them. But he pointed an arm to the east and said human populations may still reside there, survivors of the ever lost earth. 
 He told me that in the past some Vampires have tried to find the humans in the east. Those who went never came back. He told me he’s been there once, a long time ago. He said the sun shines fiercely and deserts stretch in every direction. He said his people will not be able to survive there. When he was there, the sun still affected him despite him wearing thick clothes.
I asked him, how come no one returns? How did he return, and what did he see? 
He told me he is not entirely sure, but it must be the sun which gets the Vampires, because he has never seen a human while he was there. He said he wanted to explore, but the sun would have finally caught up to him too, so he withdrew. He told me he just saw deserts stretch in every direction; hot plans of burning sand.
I asked him, if he is planning on ever going again. 
He said he needs to be here for his people and rule over them, and he wants to be here for me. He said if humans do exist there, and he believes they do, they should be left to their own devices.
He said Vampires that try to go there crave human blood. He stopped his Vampires from going there a long time ago, though some have managed to slip under his radar, but they never returned. 
I asked him, apart from the city he ruled, where there other Vampires in the world? 
He said yes. There are two other groups. 
To the North live the Balderush Vampires. They should never be trusted. I asked him why? He said they are never content with the material gains they have. When they acquire something, they want more. Just like a kid who takes one biscuit, but then wants another one, and another. They are dangerous, and if given the opportunity they will take by force what they desire.
He said to the South live the Kron Vampires. They are well known for their betrayal. I asked how so? He said during the dark days the Krons sided with humans and helped them to hunt and kill Vampires. 
I asked him, why would they do that? He said their minds work differently. Just like the Balderush Vampires, they too are power hungry. He believes their purpose was to eliminate all other Vampires who they saw as a threat, and once it was accomplished, they would have turned on the humans and tried to enslave them. 
I asked him why he hasn’t killed the other Vampires since they would probably attack us when given half the chance. He said for the last twenty years there has been a truce between all three groups. Each group stays within their territory. So far the peace has held. He said that some try to cross borders, but they are always caught and such meager incidents are not worth shattering the peace.
He said there is another part of the world called the Shadow Zone. It’s off limits to all Vampires. It has been agreed upon, by all three main groups, that the Zone should be left alone. I asked him why? He said there exists things there that should be left in peace. I asked him what things? He ignored me.

Chapter Six
The appearance and unannounced arrival of the new Vampire had the students in a buzz for the next few hours. The identity of the new student became the focus of attention and my little encounter the other day was almost forgotten like it was yesterday’s news.
Through-out geography class, the Vampires kept on shooting the new student covert glances in an attempt to pin point his identity through his personal traits. Even I wasn’t immune and I found myself watching the back of his head. Nathan and Fruz’s interest also seemed to perk up, and they spent most of the lesson studying the Vampires movements and craning to get a look at his face as if it was the key to unlock the answer. 
Vampires could be home schooled. But in a city this small someone should have recognized the new Vampire, but no one had the slight idea who he was. He didn’t utter a word through-out class nor made conversation with any of the others students, and his opaque shades hid his full features from view, making it more difficult to get any sort of clue. 
Mr. Duke carried on the lesson like nothing was out of the ordinary, but hardly anyone paid any attention.
Once Geography was finally over, I did get the odd stare as though the Vampires had just remembered me again. No one approached me though, not with Elis and Maxwell hovering around me like vultures ready to pounce with the slightest provocation.
Every one even gave me a wide berth when they walked past me in the corridors, some even turned and walked the other way while some waited patiently until we passed. I think it was more due to Elis and Maxwell’s presence. Artico Destroyers had a hell of a reputation and were known for their lethalness. 
The new Vampire got the lion’s share of attention as he sauntered along the corridors with his two Artico Destroyers behind him. Vampires stopped to stare at them, leaving their conversations to regard this new anomaly.  
***
 “Who is he anyway?” I say to Elis, looking up at him from my laptop while he stands against the wall with arms folded and face unreadable. Other students around me fall silent, and pretend to do their work, while eagerly waiting for Elis’s reply. 
I’m surprised Lexus never mentioned anything about a new Vampire enrolling at the school. Normally he would have, because a new Vampire could mean a new threat to me. Especially if the Vampire never came across me before, and as a result may not be able to control his blood craving while being near me, unlike the others who are now used to my presence, save the odd lapse. 
And why was the new guy given escorts? Not any escorts, but Artico Destroyers. Even I wasn’t assigned Artico Destroyers up until now. Were the Destroyers there to protect him? Or…protect me from him? I tense at the thought and glance over my shoulder and at the new Vampire, who is sitting in one corner of the room, immersed with his laptop. If that was the case, it would make sense with him being new and all. 
But on the other hand, it doesn’t make sense at all, because none of the new kids in the first years are given escorts. And with them being young and all, they are a much greater threat to me. The whole thing strikes me as odd.
Elis raises his head, and glances at the new guy, who now has his head drooped over an open textbook. “It does not concern you,” he says, and the Vampires around me deflate.
It seems Elis and the others are trying to keep the new Vampires arrival low key for some reason, while expecting the rest of us just to get on with it. 
“Okay, why is he assigned two destroyers?” I say instead, not giving up easily. The Vampires around me fall silent again as they wait for Elis’s answer.
Elis shakes his head. I wait for a further reply, but several minutes later I know he isn’t going to elaborate, so I sigh and begin a new game on my laptop. 
***
In the lunch hall I take my usual seat next to Nathan and Fruz. They are talking under their breaths, their mouths move quickly as words and sentences are spilled out. I ask them what’s up.
Fruz looks over his shoulder and nods. 
The new Vampire is standing in the lunch queue, getting curious glances from all those around him. Not the type of looks some may shoot when they think no one is looking, but full on stares, that are quickly averted when the two Artico Destroyers sweep their grim hard gazes over the offending individuals. 
“Trading theories,” Fruz says, turning back to me. “Nathan thinks the guy is a fugitive.”
I turn to Nathan who nods in confirmation to the statement. “Why else would he be given that much protection?” he says, jerking a thumb at the two Artico Destroyers surrounding the new guy and keeping other Vampires at a good distance.
“Forget that for a sec,” I say taking a bite of an apple, the sour taste dissolving in my mouth. “What’s the guy’s name?” If we are to find out who this guy really is, we should start on the basics. Maybe his name will ring some-ones memory and shed light on his identity.
Fruz and Nathan exchange quick glances and shrug simultaneously, their shoulders rising and falling, before Fruz spins around in his chair. “We might just find out,” he says with excitement. I follow his gaze to see the new guy sitting down on a lone table, his two Guards hover behind him, and walking up to them is Albert.
He takes long strides with his lanky legs, covering twice the distance than a normal Vampire would, his skinny tall stature sticking out in the crowd. He’s balancing his tray in one hand while holding up a blood drink with one finger of the other, in one of his more restrained acts of show. 
He reaches the table and places his food down before slipping into the chair directly opposite the new guy. The new Vampire suddenly goes still, his fork frozen in mid-air. Both his Artico Destroyers study Albert from behind their shades, but make no attempt to remove him. 
A hush spreads through-out the lunch hall as the Vampires begin to realize what has just happened, and all heads turn towards this new development.
“Hi there, my names Albert,” Albert says. He takes a sip of his blood drink. He brings the glass back down on the table with a clink and wipes his mouth with the back of his hand. He pauses as if waiting for a response, but instead, the new guy picks up his knife and continues to eat as if no one has talked to him, ignoring Albert point blank. 
“So what’s your name?” Albert prods again, undeterred, his voice bounces around the silent lunch hall. Even the staff members have stopped to listen. 
Mr. Duke cocks his head, his eyebrows arching up. The caretaker puts down his half eaten pigeon and licks his lips; his blood shot eyes moving from Albert to the new Vampire. Mrs. Lake lowers her half empty glass to the table, and dabs at her mouth with a napkin, her attention fully taken by the scene Albert has created. The Cook, who a moment ago was serving students behind the canteen, pauses and sniffs the air. He frowns, before shaking his head.
The new guy lifts his head and stares at Albert. Albert smiles back politely and gives an encouraging nod of his balloon sized head as if insinuating that it is alright to speak. 
I watch on with curiosity, like everyone else, to see how the new Vampire will respond. But instead of saying anything, he just gets up, and begins to walk out the hall and his two Artico Destroyers follow in his wake. Every one follows their progress as they exit the double doors.
As soon as they leave, muttered conversations break out across the hall as the students trade theories based on this new encounter.
Albert picks up his tray of refreshments, and saunters in our direction, appreciated looks from other Vampires for his effort follow him. 
“Was worth a try,” he says, reaching our table and stuffing a chicken wing in his mouth, bone and all. He clumps down into the chair opposite me and gives me a grin, exposing his fangs and the shattered pieces of bone mingled with blood.
“You’re disgusting,” I say, looking down at my own food as my appetite dissolves in my stomach.
“Thanks,” Albert says, draining his blood drink and slamming the glass on the table. “So what do you guy’s think?” He looks to each of us in turn like a child waiting for someone to tell him his bedtime story; his amber eyes, freckled with red, are bright and clear.
I shrug and turn my attention back to my food and try to force it down while Nathan academically explains his theory about the new guy being a fugitive. 
“Just think about it for a second,” he says, leaning in and whispering the words, causing the table to creak under the weight of his large arms. 
“First”- he raises one finger as if to emphasize the point - “the guy comes out of nowhere and no has ever seen him before.” He pauses as if waiting for the words to sink in before continuing. 
“Secondly”- he raises his middle finger this time, attracting a few scandalized looks from Vampires who mistake his gesture - “he’s been given Artico Destroyers as body guards, which can only mean he’s a danger to us, or he is under protection from something and he can’t defend himself on his own.” Nathans eyes flicker to me as if those last words might have offended me. I pretend I didn’t hear and make a point of noticing the new TV installed on the far wall. 
“Thirdly” - he jerks his thumb up with a crack - “No one has mentioned his arrival. Plus there has been no official announcement. But all the teachers seemed to know he was coming though.” He leans back, proud of his little theorizing. 
Fruz, who had been chipping in with phrases such as, “Yes”, “His bang on”, “What else could he be”, every time Nathan made a point, frowns. 
“We could ask our parents, they should know something,” he says. Nathan and Albert both nod, liking the idea. They then pause and glance in my direction.
I look between them and swallow the slice of fish in my mouth which slithers down my throat like a worm. “What?”
Albert rubs his chin. “You could ask Lexus.”
I stare at my plate, “No point,” I mumble under my breath, though I had been planning on asking him all along.
“Why not?” Nathan asks with confusion.
I shrug my shoulders. “He doesn’t tell me stuff like this.”
Fruz sighs and sits up straight in his chair. He places both his arms on the table and intertwines the fingers on his hands. “Jake,” he says in a tone he normally uses when he is after some information. It is usually followed by a lot of persuasive tact where he throws the Pro’s against the cons, with the Pro’s always seeming to come out on top.
“I’ll ask him,” I say, sparing Fruz the trouble of his forthcoming rant. “But I still think he won’t tell me.”
Which is true to some extent because Lexus refuses to tell me various things; for example; he refuses to tell me what exactly exists in the Shadow zone. 
The Shadow Zone has always been a hot topic of gossip amongst the students. It seemed no one got tired of talking about it, and the more they talked about it the more questions they had. Of course, no one answered them. Even the teachers claim that they are not sure what exactly exists there. The only thing that we know is that some sort of mutated creatures reside there.
Albert gives me a gentle slap on my back. “You’re the man!”
***      
After lunch we had the excruciating double period of geology to look forward to. As soon as I enter the class, my eyes dart around for Alex. His chair is empty. So I sit down and wait for him to turn up. Other students spill into the room. Mr. Norman barges in with his overstuffed briefcase and kick starts the lesson. Alex still doesn’t turn up. I grow uneasy. Did Lexus do something to him? 
Elis, who seems to notice my anxiety, glides next to my desk and leans down. “He’s fine. He is taking a few days off to calm down.” 
I nod with relief just as Mr. Norman spins around to shout at us for talking, but when he sees Elis, he seems to bite back what he initially intended to say and instead says, “You got some good results in your test Jake.” He smiles, tight and hard, and turns back to the board and carries on writing. I sigh, flip open my exercise book and begin copying.

Chapter Seven
After school, Elis drives us back to the Manor. Maxwell sits beside me in the back, staring ahead without a word, his jaw set hard. 
This time no Vampire blocks the road as we drive through the busy streets. 
My thoughts keep drifting to the new Vampire. Who could he be? Nathan’s theory seems to have some life to it. Being assigned two Artico Destroyers must mean he is someone important, someone valuable. Even I wasn’t assigned Artico Destroyers until now.
I sit up straight, remembering Lexus’s words in my mind: There have been some issues. And I have decided to assign you two Artico Destroyers as your escorts until the matters are resolved. I stare out the window, mulling over his words, and trying to figure out the source of the threat he was hinting at. Could the new Vampires arrival be just a coincidence or is there more to his arrival than meets the eye? Could the Vampire be an outsider?
That would fit perfectly with the fugitive theory. We don’t really get Vampires from the other groups coming to us and pledging their allegiance, but it’s not unheard of. It has happened in the past several times.
But what if the new Vampire was the threat Lexus was referring to? I close my eyes and sigh. That must be it. That was why he was given Artico Destroyers – not for his protection – but for mine. It makes sense on a level, but at the same time, I still find it odd for some reason.
 Elis parks the car in the Manor’s lot and we all walk up to the front door. The Artico Guards at the door fluidly move aside, letting us through. I head towards Lexus’s office. Two questions play on my mind. Who is the new guy? What was the issue he was referring to before? The latter he has already refused to tell me, but perhaps today he is in a better mood, and maybe my theory is correct and the new Vampire is the new threat.
I knock on Lexus’s office door, but instead of hearing his calm voice, another deep posh voice answers. “Oh come in.”
I frown as my hand lingers on the door knob. I push the door open to find the office brightly lit by the overheard florescent bulbs, the light sharp and dazzling, bringing the usual dark room to life. And sitting behind Lexus’s desk, with hands clasped in front of him, is Gregory Assange, or as I used to call him ‘Uncle Greg’. He is wearing a tuxedo and has his long white hair pinned back in a ponytail similar to Elis’s. He smiles when he sees me, his short silver beard sparkles under the lights. He then opens his arms out.
I cock an eyebrow up as a grin breaks across my lips. When I used to be younger, he was the first person Lexus introduced me to. He used to open his arms up and I used to fly into them and then he used to spin me around like a Ferris wheel, but at blinding speed. Though entertaining at the time, those days are long gone, and I’ve grown out of such games. 
Gregory laughs; the sound deep and warm in his throat, and he brings his arms back down. “Too old for childish games?” he says with a chuckle.
 I smile. “You could say that.” I look around the office as though expecting to see Lexus. But the room is bare aside from us and the furniture. “Where’s Lexus?”
A deep sigh escapes Gregory’s mouth, the sound drawn and tired. “He left on an important errand. Not entirely sure how long it will keep him,” he says.
Before I can say anything, Elis beats me to it. “When did he leave?” he says, his usual calm tone losing its edge. 
Gregory turns his attention to the two Destroyers. “He left around six hours ago.”
“Did he go on his own?” This time Maxwell speaks. I haven’t heard him talk for so long and the sound of his voice actually surprises me, and I find myself giving him a backward glance; the deep low rumble with the hint of a foreign accent somewhere in there has be guessing his nationality.
“No,” Gregory replies, and he flicks imaginary dirt from the shoulder of his immaculate tuxedo. “Four Artico Destroyers accompanied him at his request.”
Elis and Maxwell exchange unreadable glances. I look between them, trying to figure out if I just missed something. Lexus, though not very often, does take off with little or no notice. But when he does, he always informs me. This time he hasn’t.
“You have not been forgotten Elis. Lexus left you a parchment,” Gregory says. He picks a black envelope from the desk with two fingers and slides it across the air to Elis, who catches it with ease.  Elis slits the envelope with a quick swipe of one finger, and withdraws a small sheet of brown paper. His blue eyes scan over it once He then folds it and slips it into his pocket.
“He left one for you too.”
I turn towards Gregory to see him holding a black envelope in his hand. I walk up to him, frowning, wondering why Lexus would disappear at such short notice and leave letters behind for us; why would he actually leave at all without informing me in person. 
I take the envelope from Gregory’s out stretched hand and slowly tear it open, an uneasy knot forming in my stomach. I remove the folded paper within, straighten it, and stare at Lexus’s spidery writing:

Jake

An important concern had arisen and I had to leave on short notice. I’m not sure how long this issue will occupy me, so I have left Gregory to handle matters within the city in my absence. Stay close to Elis and Maxwell at all times. Do not wander around on your own under any circumstances, even in day light. And above all, do not befriend the new child who has joined your school. Keep your distance from him. Some-day you’ll understand why.

Lexus

I read the letter several times, my lips forming the words of the last two sentences. 
“Best to do what he says.”
I look up at Gregory who is rising from his chair. “I need to pay the border guards a little visit,” he says, wiping away imaginary dust from his tuxedo again, a gesture which he has turned into a habit.
Elis and Maxwell, who had been in a whispered conversation, glance up. 
“Is Kruse still at the boarder?” Elis says.
Gregory nods, running his fingers through his thin beard. “I need to pass on instructions to him,” he says.
“Wait,” I say, and they all look in my direction. “What the hell is going on?”
I expect Gregory to explain but it is Maxwell who talks. “Nothing you need to concern yourself with,” he says, the tone of his voice implying I should mind my own business.
Now my irritation is rocketing. Apparently something is amiss and I get assigned two Artico Destroyers as my escorts. Secondly, some new Vampire appears out of nowhere and is also assigned escorts. No one knows who he is, and those who know are keeping quiet about it. Thirdly, Lexus takes off with several Destroyers on some important mission, and warns me to keep away from the new guy. And no one tells me anything.
“Look,” I say, the irritation and annoyance radiating through the one word. “You can at least tell me what is going on. Where has Lexus gone off to?” I look between them, hoping for some sort of explanation, even a half-baked one.
Gregory shakes his head. “I’m afraid I do not know myself.”
Gregory’s answer actually surprises me, and he sounds genuine and sincere, so I let it go to ponder over later and move on to my next question. “How about this new guy? Why do I have to keep away from him? Is he the danger Lexus was talking about or is the danger from the outside?”
Gregory walks from behind the desk, and for a second I think he is going to stand in front of me and explain all, but instead he glides straight to the door. 
“I’ll be back soon,” he says to Elis and Maxwell, who both tilt their heads in acknowledgement. He looks at me and smiles a sad smile, before disappearing into the hallway.
I sigh and turn to Elis and Maxwell and open my mouth to interrogate them, but Maxwell cuts me off. “Jake, you’re not going to get any answers from us, so don’t waste your energy asking. And just for the record, we do not know where Lexus has gone.” I recognize a tint of annoyance in his words, and I get a feeling that it is not aimed at me. 
I clamp my mouth shut with a sigh, knowing I’m not going to get any answers from these two. A volcano of anger bubbles inside my chest at the annoying fact of why I have to be kept in the dark. I let out a deep sigh, promising myself that I will try to get the answers out of Lexus when he comes back.
But he doesn’t come back later that night. Nor is he back during daylight. 
I stand outside his office and knock. There is no response. I meet Elis and Maxwell down the hallway and ask them, only to hear Lexus hasn’t arrived.
“I’m going out,” I say, walking towards the front entrance. I glance over my shoulder to see Elis and Maxwell slip on gloves and hats.
The sun is shining like a live furnace, bright and hot, and it is hours before sunset. I walk along the path leading away from the Manor, and out the front gate. I glance back to find Elis and Maxwell have followed me silently. “We’ll take the car today,” I say.
“Depends where you wish to go,” Elis says, tilting his hat down to cover his face.
“The border,” I reply in a conversational tone as though I go there all the time.
“No.”
“Why not?”
“Lexus’s orders.”
I reign in my frustration. I planned on meeting some of my old Artico Guards - who have been assigned to the border - and ask them about the new Vampire and Lexus’s departure, figuring they might know something. 
“Fine,” I say, maybe a bit too bitterly. “Let’s go to the park.”
Once we reach the park, I know something is amiss. The air is cold and frigid and has a touch of frost. I glance around trying to place the cause of disturbance, before sauntering to the same patch of flowers I had seen last time. I frown as I crouch down and examine the frail and rotten petals, crisp and brown in texture, decayed with insects crawling across them. The stems are drooped forward and are thin and cracked. The roses are dead. Just yesterday they were fine. I look up to see the sky coated in dark clouds. The trees are silent and lifeless. Something has shifted.

Chapter Eight
First period is history, and I fumble with the knife in my pocket as I stare at the door to the classroom. After what happened yesterday, I’m not sure what to expect from the others. I wonder if they are looking forward to me puncturing my finger again, placing bets on who goes for me this time. Or maybe the new Vampire is still the main topic of gossip.
“It will be fine,” Elis says, reading my body language and placing a hand on my shoulder, his and Maxwell’s presence putting me at ease. 
I take a deep breath, wipe my sweaty hands against my trousers, and open the door. As I walk in, the first thing that greets me is the chit chatter of dozens of voices. A few heads spin in my direction, but after a quick look and seemingly not thinking much of me, they turn back to their friends, their mouths moving quickly as they continue from where they left off. 
I glance around the room and pause in mid-step when I see Alex sitting in the front row, staring at me with his beady green eyes. He shifts in his chair.
“About the other day,” he says, averting his eyes to a textbook open in front of him. “I’m sorry. I just lost control.” He looks up and offers me an apologetic smile.
“No worries,” I reply, like it was nothing, as if it was no big deal he almost ripped into my throat.
The rest of the students are sitting around in small groups talking excitedly amongst themselves. I notice my old seat is taken by a bulky Vampire who is stuffing crisps into his mouth while he listens to his friends ramble on, drool runs down his chin and onto his uniform. He coughs, and a driveled crisp fly’s out of his mouth and lands several feet away from him. He doesn’t blink an eye, but several disgusted looks are sent his way.
All other seats are taken, and with no other option, I reluctantly slip into the empty seat next to Alex who seems to cheer up, misinterpreting my choice as a perceived attempt of me bestowing forgiveness upon him. 
“You heard the news?” he says, the events of two days ago all but forgotten.
Elis and Maxwell, who are standing by the door, tilt their heads in our direction.
I glance around the class, and at the excited chit chatter of voices, swarming all around us like flies, filling the room all at once. 
“No,” I say, turning back to Alex, “What’s the latest?” I rummage in my backpack for my textbook.
Alex licks his lips as though he can’t wait to tell me. “Two big stories. First the new guy’s body guards have been upped,” he says. I raise an eyebrow at him, urging him to continue. This is definitely big news.      
Alex bobs his head, “That’s right,” he confirms. “The guy has been assigned four extra Artico Guards.” He pauses and grimaces, probably at the memory when Wavin - one of the Artico Guards - had slammed his head into the wall, cracking his skull.
“So what’s the other piece of news?” I ask quickly, sparing him the agony in reliving that moment. I try to gauge the reason why the new guy would be assigned more protection. 
I’m still not entirely sure if the new Vampire is the threat Lexus was hinting at. Or if the new Vampires arrival is just coincidental, but then, why would Lexus warn me to stay away from him? Is it because the Vampire might kill me because he isn’t used to my presence? And why the extra protection?
“This one is more of a rumor,” Alex says, pulling me away from my thoughts. He stops and glances uneasily at Elis and Maxwell who are looking out the window, something of sudden interest having captured their attention. Alex turns his gaze back to me, and in a low whisper he says, “Rumor has it that Lexus has left the city.”
I had been in the middle of taking a drink from my water bottle. I gag, cough and sputter. “Who told you that?” I wipe my face with the back of my hand, but instantly regret it when Alex’s eye’s drift to the plaster on my finger. I pretend not to notice and shove both my hands under the table.
He seems to recover and blinks. “So it’s true?” he says. His eyes widen as he looks for confirmation. 
Yesterday, Gregory had made me promise to keep Lexus’s departure a secret because it would supposedly raise questions and cause panic. Well, it seemed half the school already knew. I look up to see Elis and Maxwell conversing. They must have overheard what Alex just said, and I guess they aren’t too happy at the supposed leak.
“Nah,” I lie, turning back to Alex and shaking my head as if the whole idea of Lexus leaving is just ridiculous. “I saw him this morning before school,” I add, to cement the lie.
His face drops as if I’ve just delivered bad news, but he quickly brightens up. “Yeah I thought it was bull,” he says, as if he knew all along. 
I change the subject back to more firm waters, “Any new theories about the new guy?” 
Even though Elis, Maxwell, and Gregory won’t tell me anything and insist in keeping me ignorant, I am still going to try to find out as much as possible about this new Vampire. The day before, I couldn’t have cared much as to who he was. But now, with Lexus’s words echoing and buzzing around in my mind like bees, my curiosity has rocketed. I’m eager to find out who this guy is, where he came from, and why I should stay away from him (aside from the obvious fact that he has a craving for my blood), and if he was the threat Lexus had mentioned.
Alex shakes his head. “Just the same ones as yesterday, none of our parents know either”- he turns his attention back to his textbook, but then suddenly snaps his head up, regarding me in a new light - “you could ask Lexus.”
“Have,” I reply, the lie easily slipping from my lips, “but he didn’t tell me anything.”
Alex shrugs. “Too bad.” 
I shrug too acting as though it was a big disappointment to me.
***
The rest of the day goes in a blur. The new guy had indeed been assigned four extra Artico Guards in addition to his two Destroyers, and they moved around him like sentries protecting a lost cargo of treasure, at times hiding him from view in their tight circle. 
At break, Nathan, Fruz and Albert caught up to me and asked if I had asked Lexus about the new Vampire. I fed them the same lie I had sprouted to Alex, and they seemed to believe it. In turn, they informed me that none of their parents seemed to know and people are now speculating the new Vampire is from the outside, at which point Nathan nodded, proud that his fugitive theory had found ground.
At lunch, Maxwell must have caught me glancing at the new guy more than I should have, because he hovered to our table, bent down to my height and whispered, “Don’t even think about approaching him.”
Nathan, Fruz and Albert pretended not to hear, but as soon as Maxwell glided away - his muscular frame causing students to cower as he stalked past them - they all looked up at me expectantly. Pulling a reason out of thin air, I told them the guy might flip on me since he was probably not used to humans. They considered this for a moment, before agreeing and launching into their own stories about when they had first met me and all they could think about was having a sip of my blood. Not something I wanted to hear. Nathan was all serious, while Albert laid the sarcasm on pretty thick; making gestures on how he would have held my neck while he drank the blood.
Double science in the afternoon was more charged up than usual. Nathan ended up getting himself electrocuted when he used wet hands to set up his circuit. To my disappointment, the new guy wasn’t in the class. The others filled me in on how students tried to approach him, but he ignored them all, and in most cases his Guards scared them away, and in one incident, one of the Artico Guards grabbed a student who got too close, causing the layman to break down in whimpers as he sobbed to be spared.
Then finally, the school day ended.
***
I flick through my homework diary while I walk up to the car. “A stop at the library first,” I say, pausing at the car door and glancing up at Elis. “Need to get some books.”
Elis nods, a slow dip of his head. “We will keep the visit short.”
I frown. “Why?”
Elis ignores me and gets in the driver’s side. I sigh and duck my head as I shuffle into the back seat. Maxwell enters last, sliding next to me and slamming the door shut behind him.
I play close attention to the Vampires on the roads as we drive to the library, imagining one of them jumping at us, and dragging me out through the window before digging fangs into my neck. I shake my head, throwing off my wild imagination. I instead scan the list of books I might need for my assignments.
The library is several miles from the school. A large Victorian building with three floors, every floor endowed with rows and rows of bookshelves stocked with modern day books (written by Vampires) to the old texts (written by the humans before us) and to the ancient texts.
Elis parks the car at the back of the library and kills off the engine. He swings his door open and gets out. Maxwell exits, moving his bulky frame through the door, cursing under his breath as his head hits the top. I grab my bag and follow in his wake.
Maxwell sniffs the air. “Smells like old wood,” he says. I try to pick up the scent with a few sniffs of my own but get nothing.
The inside of the library is dimly lit with low powered bulbs that hang from the high ceiling like lamps. We take a left, past a wide spiral staircase, and enter through a set of double doors leading to the ground area where all the modern day books are stacked. 
The librarian, an old woman who is sitting behind the reception desk and sorting through books, looks up, and smiles as we walk past. She doesn’t bother hiding her fangs, and flashes them in full view. 
“Good evening,” she says with a soft and velvety voice. “Only the second group to come today,” she adds as if waiting for us to say something along the lines of “Don’t worry, it’ll brighten up.” Instead, I give her a tight smile and walk past her, glad to be out of sight of her intimidating evil smirk. 
I flick through my diary again and glance up at the rows of bookshelves. “Be right back,” I say to Elis and Maxwell and I begin walking in the direction of row 3, a large book shelf stretching all the way to the ceiling and reaching the other end of the wall like a tall maze. 
I look over my shoulder to find that Elis and Maxwell haven’t followed me. Maxwell seems to be talking animatedly, his large jaw moving up and down, while Elis listens patiently. 
I glance back at the list in my hand and walk into row three. I start scanning the books on the shelves, looking for the geography text books I need. After several minutes, convinced someone has already taken them out, I move onto the next row, and that is when I see him.
He’s bent down, his head tilted to the right, his fingers tracing the spine of a book. Behind him stand his two Artico Destroyers and four Artico Guards. Their eyes shift to me, but they make no move. 
As I take a few more steps the Vampire looks up, his shades reflect my image back at me. We stare at each other for a few long moments. Then, he turns his gaze back to the book shelf. 
I quickly evaluate my situation. There are two Artico Destroyers behind him and four Artico Guards and Elis and Maxwell are just down the aisle. This Vampire doesn’t stand a chance if he flips on me. So I take a risk.
I pretend to view the books on the shelves, and edge towards him at the same time. When I get too close for comfort, he looks up and his brown hair falls in waves across his face. I let out a sigh, feigning to show my annoyance at not finding a specific book.
“Books get taken pretty quick,” I say, giving him a glance. I keep my voice low less Elis and Maxwell over hear.
The new guy looks at the rows of books. He doesn’t say anything at first, and I think he is just going to ignore me, just like he ignored everyone at school, but he surprises me by saying, “You must be Jake.” His voice is small and soft as if it hasn’t been used much.
“Uh…yeah…and you are?” His Artico Guards look between us as if considering if they should intervene.
The new guy brushes his hair from his face and gets to his feet. “You can call me Zack.”
Before I can reply a strong hand grabs my arm. I look up, startled to see Maxwell. “Time to go,” he says in a low voice.
I try to pull free, but his iron grip doesn’t budge, so instead, I resort to words, “Get off me!”
“No.”
I look back at the others as if expecting them to stick up for me, but they just stand motionless as though they couldn’t care less. The new guy casually gets back on his knees and resumes perusing the books on the bottom shelf, tilting his head to the left as he reads the titles on the spines.
“Fine,” I say through gritted teeth, and I allow Maxwell to steer me away. But at least I know the guy’s name. Some progress.
The dim lights over-head suddenly black out, sending us into darkness, and Maxwell’s grip on my arm tightens, his fingers pressing into my skin. I turn to him and open my mouth to say that it is probably a short fuse, but he clamps his hand over it in a lightning fast movement, pushing the words on my lips back down my throat. 
I look at him in frustration. He places a finger to his lips and shakes his head, just as the lights overhead glimmer back on. I relax, but Maxwell doesn’t withdraw his hand from my mouth or loosen his grip on my arm.
I’m about to protest, but Maxwell snaps his head to the right, staring at something down the aisle that has caught his attention. I follow his gaze to see something round rolling in our direction like a bowling ball kicked with low force. I frown, trying to figure out what the hell it is. It seems to have white hairy strands attached to it and it leaves a red trail behind it.
My mouth falls open in shock as I realize what it is. I watch in horror as it continues to roll, eyes still open, blood oozing from the wound where the head seemed to be cleanly sliced, white hair still up in a bun. I feel bile building up in my throat as I stare at the librarians head. The wrinkled head comes to a standstill, resting motionless on the floor, the lifeless eyes stare blankly forward. And then, a growl pierces the silence.

Chapter Nine
It is not the snarl of a Vampire, nor is it the hungry growl of a wolf. It is a sound I have never heard before, a sound out of this world. It sends a trickle of cold sweat slithering down my neck and a shiver to resonate through my body like the plucking of draw strings on a guitar, drawn and brittle in tone. My mouth suddenly feels dry as if all the liquid has been drained and sucked out, leaving behind nothing but crisp skin.
Maxwell relinquishes his hold and Elis pulls me backwards into the aisle. I stumble on my feet and my cry of surprise gets caught in my throat. Elis steadies me with his firm hand and keeps me upright. 
I look at the others, to see the new guy visibly shaking, his bottom lip trembling. 
“Move it!” Elis issues the command at the other Articos. 
Two of the Articos hold the new guy by his arms and start to sprint down the aisle, the others close on their heels. They take a right and disappear from view. 
I jump as I hear several blood curdling guttural snarls and growls, the sound echoing off the library walls. Elis directs me in the same path the others took, and we both break into a run.
My heart hammers in my chest, thudding like the beating of drums. A rush of adrenaline erupts through my body as I run with Elis at my side, his hand now firmly around my arm. 
I see the others disappear down a hallway. I turn in that direction, but Elis pulls me back and guides me into a different corridor.
The sharpness of the turn makes me trip over my feet, and I totter on the spot. Elis pauses and releases his hold on my arm. I back up against a wall and slide down to the floor. My breaths are ragged as I try to get my heart under control. Then the thought strikes me.
“Maxwell,” I gasp, looking up at Elis. Maxwell didn’t come with us. Last time I saw him he was by my side.
“My duty is to protect you, not Maxwell,” Elis says, and he helps me back to my feet. “We need to get out of here.”
He starts in a run and he gently prods me along until I start sprinting on my own, my lungs burning with every stride as they pump oxygen. 
We turn into another hall way, one side of the wall is paneled with glass, stretching to the ceiling and giving us full view of the outside. Elis comes to a halt and turns to me. I double over, spent and exhausted. 
“What the hell was that thing?” I say, standing back up, but my legs wobble underneath me like jelly. “And why did we split up from the others?”
“Questions later,” Elis says. He then glances sharply at the glass panel. 
At first, I’m not sure what has his attention. I squint and then my eyes widen as I see a black shape hurtling towards us through the night sky, its arms stretched out, and legs tucked in. I don’t get a chance to scream as it blasts through the glass, shattering it and sending shards shooting in every direction. I duck, and fall to ground as glass explodes around me, showering all over the place like hail stones. 
I roll across the floor and land on my back. A look to my right reveals that Elis has shielded me from the impact with his body, protecting me from the sharp fragments of glass.  I look just as the black shape lands several meters in front of us, blocking the entrance on the other side of the hallway.
It is crouched on the floor on all fours. Its skin, coated in a black fur, is laced with strands of shimmering white. Its large head is bowed, a narrow snout protruding towards the ground.
And then, it looks up, lifting its thick head in our direction.
My breath catches in my throat as fear twirls through my body, whirl winding all the way to my heart, and triggering my pulse into acceleration as the creature before me locks its gaze on mine.
It has two large oval eyes, a red slit running through the middle of each, and the eye itself glowing a midnight blue. It pulls its lips back in a silent snarl, sharp teeth jut out from its gums, and a black tongue hisses out from the pits of its mouth.  
I gulp, transfixed on the spot, as it rises upright and towers to over eight feet on its two hind legs that are fused with thick muscle and bone. Its thick, fury muscled arms, hang to its sides like slabs of concrete. Its large paws have lethal claws sprouting out from the skin.
Elis spins so fast that he is a blur of black and gold. He grabs me by my waist, and before a sound even escapes my throat, he torpedoes through the glass. 
We go hurtling outside into the cold night, my own screams ring in my ears. Glass bites into my face, the jagged ends slicing into my pale skin. The surroundings are a blur; a mish mash of images spun around and around.
We fall with a thud, and my breath is knocked out of me, every ounce wasted and depleted. I open my eyes to see stars twinkle down on me from the night sky above, the dots almost teasing me. I realize I have fallen on top of Elis, who has taken the brunt of the impact. 
I slide off him, and hit the soft earth and the smell of dirt and grass wafts up my nose. Elis seems unscathed and he smoothly rises to his feet, moving towards me to check for any injuries. I wave him away with my arm. 
Then, I hear a feral growl cut through the night air and I glance back at the library just as the creature explodes from the glass panel window, its blue demented eyes wide with hunger as it spirals through the air.  
A growl rumbles through Elis’s throat, the sound low and primal, and before I manage to get a chance to say anything, he leaps into the air, his mouth pulled back to reveal his fangs.
He clashes with the creature in mid-air, and snarls and growls echo through the night. They both go tumbling onto the hard earth below, locked in a vicious embrace. 
The creature lands atop of Elis, its thick fury muscled arms pinning him to the ground, its snout wide open as a brutal growl resonates from the darkness of its mouth. With a quick flash of his arms, Elis pushes the creature off him, sending it reeling back.
Elis careens into the creature at blinding speed, striking it from different angles. I catch the flash of a blade followed by a spray of red. The creature falls back, a knife protrudes from its broad shoulder, and it tilts its head back and roars an agonising harsh screech. I cover my ears as the noise threatens to explode my ear drums.
I stagger to my feet just as the creature pounces again. 
It barrels towards Elis, its jagged teeth gleaming under the moon light. It swipes at Elis with its clawed paws. Elis gracefully steps aside, but a follow through paw knocks him back.
And the creature springs.
 It pins Elis to the earth, its forearms and hind legs weighing down on his body. The creature bends down, mouth open, teeth inches away from Elis’s throat.
Elis holds the creature back with both his arms and turns his head in my direction. 
“Get to the car and Go!” There is strain in his voice as he keeps the creature away from his throat. Despite the situation, Elis’s light blue eyes seem focused and calm and his body seems to be under little stress.
 I hesitate, frozen in place by shock and fear, until Elis screams again. “GO!
 My body kicks into action, working on its own accord as my limbs spark back to life. I sprint to the car parked across the road, my legs pumping as my muscles work their gears. I almost slam into the side door as I reach it. I refuse to look back as the growls of the creature cut through the air behind me.
I take a spare key out of my pocket in trembling hands. I open the door, get in, and gun the engine.
***
I’m accelerating down the road. Buildings blur by. Lexus taught me how to drive years ago, but right now I struggle to keep the car straight.  It must be down to my nerves and the reality of the situation I’m in. I ignore the stabbing guilt of leaving Elis behind. I can only hope he somehow managed to escape.
 I drive with a disturbed frenzy, like a crazy driver who has lost his mind. I almost go careening into a building when I take a sharp turn, just avoiding the structure by a foot or two. 
I release my foot on the gas pedal slightly and I almost lose my grip on the steering wheel when something thuds on top of the car.
I scream and slump into my seat. I stare up at the car’s ceiling with wide eyes. There is the sound of screeching as if something is digging its claws across the roof. 
I turn my eyes back on the road, peeping just above the dashboard from my slumped posture. I then spin the car sharply to the right. From the rear view mirror I catch the glimpse of something go hurtling from the car, its dark frame disappearing as it hits the concrete road. I take a deep breath, and push my foot on the accelerator. 
***           
I try not to think about the creature at the library and the dark shape that was thrown off the roof of my car, and instead, I keep my focus on the road with one aim on my mind: Get to the Manor alive.
With only a few blocks away from the safety of the Manor, I turn into a main road. The short cut I was hoping for is nowhere to be seen, and the road is blocked with crates of bricks left for building work. I turn abruptly and hit the brake at the same time. 
I was going too fast, and the sudden turn and brake causes the car to veer to one side. The air bags go off in my face like balloons and my grip on the steering wheel loosens. The car topples to the right and I hit my head against the window. A sharp pain bursts through my skull, blinding me as fire engulfs my senses. And everything goes still.
 I open my eyes to find the plastic of the airbag pressed up against my face. I push it away, and try to sit up. I realize the car is overturned on its side, but the windows are still intact from the impact. I take a deep breath and wince as a sharp pain flares across the right side of my head.
I stand up on shaky legs, and blink up into the darkness. I stretch and push the door open. I grip the frame and heave myself out and onto the top of the car. I slide off the car, and walk blindly across the road until I fall to the ground and my knees thud against the concrete. All energy is sapped from my body and the sharp pain in my head is throbbing like crazy. 
“My oh my, what do we have here.”
I raise my head, slowly, as tendrils of fear coil around my neck. Standing several feet away from me, half hidden within the shadows of a building, red eyes alight, is a Vampire. He steps out into view and my eyes dart to his top hat and then to his top hat, and with a sudden coldness that hits the core of my heart like a glacier, I realize it is the Vampire who had blocked the road the day when my finger was bleeding.
The Vampire takes several steps towards me, his movements smooth and graceful, unrushed and steady. I force myself into a standing position, lurching backwards on unsteady feet. The Vampire pauses and flashes an evil smirk. 
“It was always better when they ran. Oh the hunt that followed. Nothing like it,” he purrs as his lips curve into a malicious smirk. His eyes take a distant look as if he is remembering something from his past.
“You can’t touch me,” I say instantly, but the words are weak and the darkness and its coldness seems to whistle its objection.
“Oh is that so? Think old Lexus will come to save you?” The Vampire glances around at the deserted streets, conveying his point quite clearly. He then fixes his gaze back on me. His long beard bristles as a gust of wind blows against him. 
“The aroma that is coming off you right now”- he licks his lips with his tongue - “half the Vampires in the area will be here in no time.” His eyes flicker to my head. I quickly touch the side of my head and my hand comes away with blood, dark red and coppery. And it is fresh.
The Vampires smirk widens. “Been a long time, it really has.” His eyes flash crimson, his fangs jut out, but before he can pounce at me, he is tackled from behind. 
I stare in numb shock and surprise to see Elis; his clothes are torn and caked with dry blood. He has the Vampire around the neck. The Vampire snarls, the sound savage and strained as his wind pipe is constricted. He tries to claw at Elis’s hands, but his movements are sluggish as the life is sapped out of him. 
“Run!” Elis growls, his blue eyes alert. He yanks the Vampires head backwards with a sickening crack.
I turn tail and sprint for my life. 
***
My lungs pump acid, my muscles strain under the exertion, and adrenalin surges through my veins. I run pass several Vampires on the streets who cock their heads curiously in my direction, but to my relief, they do not give chase.  
I have my hand pressed against the side of my head, stemming the flow of blood. I’m not sure how bad the wound is, only that I have to get out of here.
I turn into a narrow alley. The map of the town is vaguely etched in my mind. The Manor is not far from here, just a few roads away. I sprint, using every ounce of energy my body can provide. Then, something blocks the pathway, a shadow falling from a roof.
I stop, almost staggering. I squint into the darkness and my heartbeat quickens. I take a step back as the shadow moves in my direction.
“Come on.”
Relief floods through me as I recognize Elis’s voice. He comes closer, and under the moon light I see him fully. A new scar runs down the side of his face, but apart from that he hasn’t sustained any new injuries. 
“We need to move fast,” he whispers. He grabs me with two arms, ignoring my protests and throws me over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes. The next instance, we are traveling at break neck speed, the surroundings are a blur as Elis careens through the night.
We stop almost instantly and Elis puts me back on my feet. I sway on the spot, dazed by the experience, my mind swirling around in circles. Elis holds my arm and pilots me through the Manor’s gates. We walk along the path and up to the entrance. The Artico Guards stiffen when they see me and their eyes flicker to my head.
“Initiate Lockdown,” Elis says, his voice ringing with authority.
The two Artico Guards exchange glances and look at Elis’s torn clothes, but they nod and disappear into the darkness of the Manor’s grounds.
“I’m going to leave you in your room. Do not let anyone in unless it is me,” Elis says as we take the first flight of stairs.
I stop and inhale sharply. “You need to tell me what’s going on.” An image of the creature we had encountered at the library flashes through my mind. “And what the hell was that thing?”
“Get some rest today, tomorrow I will answer you best I can.”
“Where’s Lexus? Has he come back yet?” If Lexus is here I know everything will be fine.
“No,” Elis says and begins to march me up the stairs. I’m exhausted and worn out, so I follow him without argument.
Elis comes to a halt. And I look up to see Gregory standing in the hallway.

Chapter Ten
His eyes move from Elis and then to me. They then slowly progress to my head. His gaze stays there until Elis steps in front of me. A pang of sadness rips through my insides, slicing arteries and veins along its path. Regardless of how many times Gregory and I had spent alone, we will never be the same. He will always be a Vampire, and I, the weak prey. The thirst will always be there for him no matter how much he is able to suppress it.
Gregory shakes his head as if snapping out of a daze. “What happened?” he says to Elis though his eyes drift over me, his usual self now reflected in the grey arises.
“Long story,” Elis says with a shake of his head. “I have initiated lockdown.”
Gregory stares at Elis. He cocks his head to one side, and gives Elis a once over. I glance at Elis’s ripped uniform marred with dried blood. The scar on his face is fading as his accelerated healing works its wonders. 
“It must be serious by the looks of it,” Gregory finally says. He nods his head and moves to one side. “I’ll meet you downstairs.”
Elis nods, giving him a sidelong glance, and marches me to my room. I notice he stays between me and Gregory like a shield and I try not to think too much of it, but a ball of sadness begins to blossom in my stomach. Even though I don’t look up and keep my eyes to the floor, Gregory’s stare burns into the back of my head, and I know that for the past years I have deluded myself; most of them will always see me as food and nothing will change that fact. Those who don’t will always have the hunger and their moments of weakness.
We pause by my door and I take a black key out of my pocket. I glance over my shoulder to find Gregory is gone.
“Keep your door locked at all times. Do not open it in any circumstance unless it is me. I’ll bring something up for you to eat in a short while,” Elis says, he glances over his shoulder as though he has heard something. “And clean the blood up.” He turns back towards me and I suddenly realize he must be craving for my blood. Given all the wounds he must have taken fighting the creature and that wayward Vampire, he must be starving.
 I nod my head once and unlock my door. I step into the warmth of my room. I catch one last glimpse of Elis, before closing and locking the door. The reinforced titanium bars slide securely into place, giving me a safety net. Lexus had my whole room built with Titanium. The door is unbreakable. So are the walls, the floor and the ceiling, and the windows are bomb proof. So everything is Vampire proof. My closet is stocked up with food supplies in case a scenario like this ever arose.
I wince at the pain on the side of my head. I amble towards the bathroom and turn the taps on. I catch my reflection in the mirror. My face is drawn and shiny with sweat, and a part of my hair is mingled with blood. I turn away from my reflection and wash my face. I ignore the stinging from my wound and put my head under the tap. I close my eyes as cold water bounces off the cut.
I trudge back to my bedroom, take my med kit out from under my bed and clean the slash before applying a bandage around it. I fall back on my bed with exhaustion. My head is pounding and my muscles ache. My eyelids feel heavy and my breathing slows. I vaguely hear something hammering against my door, but I’m too tired to do anything, and I drift off into a dreamless sleep.
***
My eyes flutter open, and I shield them from the bright rays of sun burning against my face. I must have forgotten to put the blinds up. I prop myself up on my elbows, my muscles protesting at the movement. 
In a sudden rush of images, the events from yesterday come flooding back to me; the library, the creature, the attack by the Vampire, Gregory’s stares. 
I sigh and force myself off my bed. I linger by the door, wondering if I should open it. Elis’s warning bounces around it my head: Do not open it in any circumstances. So I stand there, like an idiot, staring at the door handle wondering what I should do. 
My lips feel parched and dry, and I realize I haven’t eaten or drank anything for hours. My stomach rumbles as if giving me a gentle reminder to feed it. I consider eating something from the stockpiles in my closet.
“Open up. It’s me.”
The voice catches me off guard, and my heart falters with the surprise. But it is only Elis. With a deep breath, I gingerly open the door. The first thing I spot is a minor mark in the titanium on the outside of the door. I frown and look up at Elis who is standing several feet away. Then, understanding dawns upon me. Someone must have lost control over the scent of my blood, and must have tried to come after me while I slept. I vaguely remember the sound of something pounding on the door.
“You must be hungry.”
Elis looks much better than yesterday. He’s wearing a black shirt with the top button undone, along with grey trousers and black boots. The scar on his face is gone, and the skin is smooth and good as new. 
“Yeah,” I reply, and then gesture to the mark on the door. “Who did this?”
“One of the Vampires turned feral,” he says, his voice cool and calm. 
“So…what happened exactly?”
He ignores me and begins to walk down the hallway, his feet almost gliding along the floor. “Come on,” he calls over his shoulder. I sprint after him, thinking it is probably best if I don’t know what happened.
I follow Elis down the stairs and into the kitchen. I stop in shock as I see Maxwell standing in the shade, away from the sun’s rays that are beating through the uncovered window.
I open my mouth to talk but Elis places a hand on my shoulder. “Eat first, questions later.”
I nod numbly and saunter over to the fridge. Usually the maid leaves some frozen food for me, but today there’s nothing. “What’s up with the maid,” I say, breaking the silence, only for it to engulf the kitchen again. 
“Want me to cook you something?” Elis says. I turn the offer down, not wanting to create a fuss.
I pour myself a glass of milk and bowl of cereal, and sit myself at the kitchen table. I glance up at Elis and Maxwell, who are staring at nothing in particular. They don’t have their shades on, and it’s the first time I have seen Maxwell’s eyes. They are yellow. I actually find myself smiling at that. Out of all the colors, yellow?
I stuff a spoonful of cereal into my mouth and it is only then I realize how hungry I actually am. I shovel the rest of the cereal into my mouth like a starved banshee until I have rinsed my plate clean. I push my empty plate away, feeling refreshed.
“You said you’d answer my questions,” I say, looking directly at Elis. 
Elis nods, his face calm and impassive, “But I didn’t say I will answer them all. But considering the events that have transpired, it is best if you know the truth to some extent.” 
I feel a stab of annoyance at his tactics, but rush on to the first question, “What was that thing?”
“That was a creature from the Shadow Zone,” Elis replies in flat voice.
“Why was it after me?”
“It wasn’t, until it found out you were human.”
“Then, who was it…” I trail off as the answer presents itself in my head like a bright red cherry atop of a cake. “The creature was after the new guy?”
Elis nods in affirmation. I turn my gaze to my empty plate, before looking back up and asking my next question, “How did it get here? And where is it now? And why was it after the new guy? And what is the new guy doing here?”
Maxwell rubs his chin, his black beard thick and coarse. “It somehow slipped through the borders unnoticed.” He exchanges a quick glance with Elis, and unspoken words pass between them. “I initially kept it at bay, Elis held it off. We regrouped and killed it.”
“As for why it was after the new guy, mind taking a guess?” Elis says politely.
My mind is buzzing with Maxwell’s words, and it takes a moment for Elis’s words to register.
“How am I supposed to know? I snap. “You said he was a fugitive, they were trying to take him or something?”
“Yes, they were trying to reclaim him. But have you wondered why he had been assigned protection?” Elis says, ignoring my rude attitude.
“So he doesn’t eat me?”
“No.”
“Then what?”
“He’s human.”
It takes several moments for the words to hammer home, and when they do, my jaw drops open. “No way.”
Elis walks over and takes the seat opposite me, placing his elbows on the table. “The Kron Vampires initially held him prisoner. They were using him as a blood harvest machine. Lexus rescued him and bought him here.”
I sit up straight and swallow the shock. “So…how did they get him? And how was he rescued?” The words ‘Blood Harvest’ echo around in my mind. So they had been using him as…as a blood bank?
“Lexus undertook the rescue himself. So to speak, he took him from under their noses,” Elis says. “Of course the Krons eventually figured it out, but they never knew who kidnapped him. It seems they know now or at least have a good idea.”
“So they sent those creatures to get him back?” My voice comes out as a small whisper.
Elis brow creases and he nods. “Yes. And that is the most disturbing part. Somehow, the Kron Vampires have forged an alliance with the Valkyries.” Seeing my stunned and confused expression, Elis elaborates, “The Shadow Zone is home to various mutated creatures. When the humans were waging wars, nations used biological and chemical weapons against one another. They also used human weapons.” He pauses and glances out the window. The sun is setting in the sky, and orange and yellow flames are spreading across the horizon.
“The creature you encountered is a by-product of the actions of humans,” Elis says turning his gaze back to me. “Once those creatures were humans, but radiation exposure has altered them into monsters.
“The Shadow Zone is cloaked with an impenetrable mist of darkness. The creatures that reside their sparsely leave the confine of the mist that surrounds them.”
I try to gather my scattered thoughts, which are blowing around in my mind like gust blown flower petals. “How come these humans…I mean creatures, how come they don’t come after us?”
“The Shadow Zone is their home. Most importantly, they cannot bear sunlight. We leave them in peace and they return the act,” Elis says. “The events of recent have shown this unspoken law has been altered.”
I don’t know how long we sit there in silence, deep in our own thoughts. I think about Zack. He was assigned protection for his own sake; he wore shades because his eyes were not red rimmed; he kept a distance from everyone less someone figure him out, he never spoke in case it gave him away.  It all makes sense now.
“So this was the issue Lexus was referring to?” I say as the pieces fit in place. Zack wasn’t the threat, but the Kron Vampires were, and my proximity to Zack would have placed me in danger. So that was why Lexus told me to keep away from Zack.
“Yes,” Elis says.
I nod, and ask him about Lexus.
Elis scratches his chin with one long finger. “He departed without notifying us of the reason.”
“So you don’t know?”
Elis and Maxwell shake their heads.
“How about Gregory?”
“He knows as much as us,” Elis says, though his tone is careful.
I stuff my hands in my pockets, and feel something smooth brush against my fingertips. I take out the sheet of paper. It is the note that Lexus had left me. I look back at Elis, “What did he say in the letter he gave you?” For a moment I think he is not going to tell me, but to my surprise he extracts a letter from his own pocket.
“Here,” he says, handing it to me.
 I take it, and slowly unfold the paper.

Elis

When this letter reaches you I will be gone. I cannot give a time frame in when I will be back. But in my absence, take care of Jake as though he is your own kith and kin. Watch over him and make sure he comes to no harm. Keep him away from Zack. It will only place Jake in vital danger. I have left Gregory to handle affairs in my absence. He will make sure the borders are kept under tight watch. If something goes wrong in my absence, Elis, do what you think is best. But never let harm come to Jake.

Lexus

I place the letter back on the table, my insides cold and brittle, and stare at it in silence. I sigh and look back at Elis, who had been gazing at me intently. 
“So what now?” I ask.
“The events of yesterday were handled by the Artico Guards. They spun a story about a Vampire going feral, killing the librarian, and rampaging after you,” Elis explains. “As far as everyone’s concerned, it was a case of a feral Vampire.”
“So no one knows what actually happened?”
“Aside from a select few, the population is ignorant. There were several witnesses, but they will remain silent.”
“So what happens now?” 
Elis and Maxwell exchange a glance. 
“Now?” Elis repeats, he glances at his watch before looking back up at me, a smile building across his lips. “It is time for you to go to school.”
At first I think he is joking, but when he doesn’t say anything, I think he is serious. “You can’t be serious?”
Maxwell chuckles and weaves his fingers through his short beard. 
“Like I said, everyone believes everything is normal. So yes, I am serious,” Elis says with a hint of a smile. 
“What about the creatures? Or the Kron Vampires? How about Zack?”
Elis’s features turn serious. “We will take each day as it comes. It may mean war, because the Kron Vampires will never rest until they reclaim Zack.”
I nod, the reality of the situation dawning upon me. “Where is Zack now?” I say.
“On his way to school I believe, so you should get ready less you wish to be late,” Elis says getting to his feet. “Don’t worry about Lexus. He is much cleverer than you think.”
I push my chair back and stand up. I look between Elis and Maxwell with a smirk playing across my lips. “So which one of you blood suckers is driving?”
Maxwell points a finger at Elis and we both burst out laughing. Elis arches an eyebrow at us, but joins in the banter with a rich laugh of his own, creating a moment of light in the darkness of the situation. But I know dark times lie ahead of us all.

The End



