Dreamcatcher
Published By: Christian Rosnell
Copyright 2014 Christian Rosnell
Prologue
To the casual observer, it might seem odd that the imposing young man kneeling on the black marble floor was completely ignoring the prone figure behind him.  Down on one knee, his eyes closed and head bowed, he was muttering urgently under his breath and focusing intensely on something that apparently he alone could see.  As a breath of wind stole over the black, silent room, he looked up.  Apparently content, the man drew himself up to his full considerable height and threw back his shoulders, relaxed.  His stormy gray eyes glinted in the dying torchlight as he glanced around the room with mild interest.
As large and powerfully built as the man was, the gigantic room in which he stood reduced him to an ant’s significance or less.  It was too dark to make out the sky high ceiling or distant walls in the flickering torchlight, although one could make out several towering pillars looming ominously over the silent hall.  Richly adorned with countless jewels and rare metals, these pillars bore epic paintings along their full length that seemed to transcend the skill of mere men.  Powerful human-looking figures in white or gold danced, fought, and conversed against bright, airy backgrounds.  In darker and grimmer sections, great battles were fought between enormous bright figures, elegant shadows, roaring beasts, and ordinary men.  Other nondistinct figures peered out from between trees – and some hulking, dark creatures were to be found occasionally amidst a slew of dead enemies.  Countless other painted pillars, towering statues, and expertly chiseled sculptures crowded the room, leaving only a long straight path to the back center of the room clear of ornament, save for a long gold carpet embroidered in white.
The tall man’s gaze drifted inevitably over to this far end of the cavernous room, where a massive throne atop a pedestal.  Constructed flawlessly of black and white marble with veins of pure gold cutting across its surface, one of the epicenters of power in the realm of Aether now sat empty and dark.  The cold, hard silence in the room seemed to seep from the heavy throne.  For years, the young man had dreamt urgently of a day when he could stand in this room as the rightful king he deserved to be.  He did deserve it, regardless of what any of the others said.  After years of expecting to inherit this throne by right, here he was, having stolen it.  He regretted nothing, however – he had never anticipated it being stolen from him in the first place.  So he’d unfortunately had to take back that which had been taken from him. 
And now he was about to throw it away. 
He felt somewhat let down.  After all the years of dreaming of this day, here he was.  He had won – only to find the victory meant less than nothing to him.  He was about to leave this all behind for the promise of an even greater ambition.  Something only he could accomplish.  Something that needed to be done, but something none save him had the guts to take control and actually do.  That ended today.  
Yes, it was over.  Time to turn around and walk away.  Easy for you to say, said a small voice in the man’s head, you can’t really predict what’s going to happen.  What if you fail?  What then?
The young man cursed and spun around.  He glared at the dark, high ceiling and exhaled.  True, he was throwing away his great prize, but he sure as hell wasn’t giving up.  His new path was necessary to shatter the pathetic fetters placed on him and others of his kind.  He would not, and could never gain the true power he wanted by only taking bits and pieces.  He needed to do the whole thing, or none at all.  This was sure to be the first step of the greatest journey of all time.  
After a second’s hesitation, the young man turned and began to slouch towards the exit.  He slipped almost immediately, and was hard pressed to remain standing.  Scowling, he looked down at the swirling pool at his feet.
Blood.
Shaking his head, he turned to look at the elderly, yet powerful man lying sprawled on the ground.  He could be sleeping, were it not for the dark streams of blood coursing out from under him.  At least the old man’s mortal weakness would be turned into something far greater, and more powerful.  Where he was going, all obstacles and weaknesses would be obliterated.  It was his right, no… his responsibility to act where his kin were afraid to transcend the foolish limits they had set for themselves.
No, they couldn’t be saved.  It was too late for them.  But the towering young man did have something in mind that would revolutionize an entirely different people, in a different time and place.  An age of glory and prosperity was nigh upon them, whether they knew it or not. Here was the end of one era and the beginning of a shining new one.  And it would have his name all over it.
Collecting himself, the towering young man tapped into his newfound inner power.  He closed his eyes and envisioned everything as he was about to create it, seeing his own role in great detail.  Once he had the full picture in his mind, he accessed the full flow of the power now charging through his veins.  A fierce wind sprang up in earnest in the dark throne room, even though he was inside.  The floor and walls began rattling in protest, and a sharp crackling sound cut through the turbulent air.
The young man’s eyes snapped open, and there was triumph in their stormy gray depths.  In a voice so soft it could scarcely be heard over the howling wind, the man proclaimed with finality, “let it be”… 
A blinding, searing blue light rippled silently across the room, and he was gone… 
As the silence stretched on in the now dark throne room, a chill crept into the air.  The only sound was of a note, tattered and burnt, floating to the ground.  It landed atop the broken corpse on the floor, a warning to all who read it.  One last faint gust swept the room, shuddered, and died.  Oblivion took over.
And the only thing to break the eternal silence, were the words spun in black.

I was supposed to be the hero.
It was my destiny, my inheritance.  And it was stolen from me.  I was the light that cut through the darkness.  I was everything they needed, and more.  I have been beaten, shamed, and cast aside by those who needed me most.  Accuse me of nothing – they have forced me to do this!  This was never my intention.  
Their blood is on your hands.
This means war.  None of you have any idea what I am capable of.  I was meant to be your shield, your light, your eternal protector.  I was supposed to save us at a time when no one believed we could save ourselves.  I always believed it; but those who should have stood with me, stood against me.
My – no, I cannot speak his name – your king has ripped the pulsing heart out of my body and bestowed it upon a lesser man.  And by spilling the sacred blood of tradition, this man and all of you have committed the highest of all evils. 
I will have my revenge.
None will be spared.
This is not over.  Though time may wash over my memory and dust collect on the tragedies done here, I will wait, and I will remember.  When the time comes, I will strike.  And I will have my vengeance.
I was supposed to be your hero.  God knows what you have turned me into.


Chapter One
Silent lightning cracked the sky below as the black sea rushed down from above.  A haze of rain arose softly from beneath, or was it mist falling off the sea?  Thunder exploded with a vengeance across the sky below... Wait, below?
I’m falling.
A second thunderous chorus brought the confused young man to his senses.  A cacophony of muddled thoughts screamed simultaneously through his head.  
How did I get here?  What happened?  Am I dreaming?  What?… How?…
Shaking his head violently, the young man flung his arms out wide.  Looking down, he gauged that he had only seconds before he would crash into the foaming black waves.  Eyes narrowed, he focused in on the cliff face racing alarmingly past to his right.  Pointing his right arm downward, he flexed his hand in anticipation.  
Wait for it… Wait for it…
With a grunt of effort, he yanked his arm toward his body as if pulling on a set of invisible strings.  Thick tendrils of rock shot out from the cliff face below.  Holding his breath with concentration as the wind roared in his ears, the young man braced himself and grabbed onto the thickest rock beam as he fell by it.  It cracked deeply, but did not give out immediately.  The young man quickly swung to the next beam and the next, working his way across the cliff face on this set of makeshift monkey bars.
Looking down, he saw a mere twenty feet between him and the sharp, jagged rocks that sat half hidden in the black waves below.  Sighing with relief and exasperation, he tried to recall how he had gotten in this predicament.  Still breathing hard, he thought back a few hours.  Oh yeah!  Because I was persuaded to sleep on an overhanging tree branch by that idiot…
“Keep up!”  The shout came from a second, larger young man running on a rocky pathway above that surely hadn’t been there before.  He moved with a nimble grace for his size, though his strength was undeniable as he surged forward and leaped across a chasm in the cliff face, grabbing the ledge above and pulling himself up in one fluid motion.  He dropped to the ground in a perfect pose, white cloak and silvery long hair flying behind him in the high wind, almost as if he was not taking the near plummet to his death seriously.
Show off…
Turning to look at his exasperated friend dangling below, this large young man with the silvery-blond hair put his hands on his hips and laughed.  Laughed as if this was the funniest thing in the world – and only he could see it.  
Typical…
“You really shouldn’t listen to me, should you?”, the large one said.
“You’re telling me”, said the young man dangling below, closing his eyes.  Taking a deep breath, he looked up again at his mirthful companion.  Hanging with both arms from the last outcrop of rock, there was a good thirty feet between his position and where his companion stood above.  “You’re going to have to help me up there, or I will finish you off as you were clearly planning to do to me.”
”Finish you off?  How was I supposed to know lightning would strike the overhanging tree branch we just happened to be sleeping in…”
“Mikael, I swear, you think you’re invincible sometimes.  Remind me to question your ‘great ideas’ more next time.”  But this Mikael had already extended his right arm and was tracing in the air.  Somehow, a makeshift ladder of rough stone steps was cut out of the cliff face below in the exact pattern of his arm movement.  Mikael did this effortlessly, as if it were easy and walking or breathing.
Swinging backwards and forth again a couple times to gain momentum, the young man below flung himself at the now sculpted cliff face, colliding with a muffled sound and grabbing firmly onto the rough stone ladder.  Climbing up quickly and smoothly, he jumped the last few steps and landed with a thump next to his companion Mikael, a slow grin spreading across his face despite himself. 
As fast as the intense storm had come, it had gone.  You never could predict anything about these new mountains, or just about anything else that popped up unexpectedly in the frontier wilderness.  Maybe that was why it was so fun to be the first ones on site.  As this mountain had to have popped up last night, the young man was positive he and Mikael were the first ones to investigate it.  It was something they were used to doing – they enjoyed this sort of break from their more stressful work.
Mikael leaned into the cool breeze whipping off the ocean, watching the horizon with an amused look on his face.  “Nothing like an early morning fall to your death to start your day.  I must say, Lyght, with me around I can’t see how you claim to be ‘not a morning person’”.
The young man called Lyght turned away slightly, dark hair whipping around his face.  He seemed to be trying to maintain his state of exasperation, but he couldn’t help it – he burst out laughing.  Pretty soon, the pair of them were doubled up with mirth, making such a scene that a flock of seagulls burst angrily from their nests below on the cliff face.  The sound echoed off the black stone and soared over the previously quiet ocean, reverberating every which direction.  The horizon warmed in anticipation of the oncoming sunrise, and the sea took on a light pink tinge in the distance.  A rare day was ahead.
Lyght recovered first.  Slashing his right arm back and forth, he began to cut a crude but effective staircase up from their exposed pathway up to the cliff top high above.  Leaping up and to the right with a triumphant cry, he yelled, “And the first one to the next mountain gets to name it!”
“Way ahead of you, brother”, Mikael muttered, his eyes on the clearing sky.  He whipped off his elegant white cloak, embroidered with a swirling light gold pattern – his finest possession.  Sighing with resignation, he bunched up the four corners in his left hand, forming a sort of parachute.  He raised his other hand toward the dark mountaintop looming above them to the north.  After a moment with his eyes closed, face set in concentration, a prodigious gale erupted from beneath him, ballooning the cloak in his hand and sending him flying into the air.  This was no normal gust – this absolute blast of wind sent thunderous echoes shuddering all across the dark mountain range.  
Turning his head and cringing at the sudden blast, Lyght just caught Mikael soaring up past him, laughing uproariously, as if to say – “You’ve let me win already?”  Within seconds, Mikael cleared the precipitous cliff face high above and dropped, presumably landing on the grassy knoll that extended out of the pine forests above.  Lyght sighed with exasperation – Mikael always had been prone to the grandiose and the unusual.  He already had a significant head start to the new mountain, looming black and foreboding ahead.  Lyght wasn’t going to lose again, was he?
No, not again.  Not tonight.  Time to end your streak, friend.  Lyght redoubled his efforts, somehow cutting the makeshift stone stairway out of the black rock with his right hand as he climbed up, grabbing and steadying himself with his left arm.  He did all this apparently effortlessly, looking deep in thought. 
Mikael had to have used up nearly all his spirit on that one trick.  As effective as it was, that will drain him nearly to zero.  It’s incredible he even had the juice to lift himself that far with mere wind.
Lyght was way behind, for now.  But he would steadily gain his way back.  And when it came down to it, he would have the power left for one last maneuver; one that he knew would leave him with the upper hand.  
It always seemed to go this way.  Either Mikael would come up with something brilliant – do something amazing – and Lyght would be left in the dust.  Or, alternatively, he would try to do much – as he was surely doing now – and Lyght would simply outsmart him.  This was what was the young man called Lyght hoped for now.  
Of course, nothing the pair was doing right now was at all normal.  They both had a very rare and unique ability, one that a select few in the Dreamscape were blessed with.  To begin with, every gifted individual with the “Dreamcasting” ability needed much less sleep than a normal person.  In fact, a “Dreamcaster” only needed a few hours of sleep per night to replenish their body, and would never enter the deep sleep stage.  From his own research, Lyght had found that this was what scholars called REM sleep, in which a person experienced a fantastical semi-reality, a “dream”.  An average person needed roughly two hours of REM a night to stay healthy – a Dreamcaster needed none.  Someone special enough to be gifted with Dreamcasting need not dream while slept, for they could essentially “dream” in the real world, while awake.
Well, in a manner of speaking, anyway.  There were, in Lyght’s opinion, many disappointing limits to the ability.  First of all, you could not create something where none existed, nor destroy something that already existed.  Of course, things could be broken down, but the fabric of the universe itself – that which a Dreamcaster manipulated – could not be created of destroyed.  This was the Working Principle of Dreamcasting.  
In manipulating this fabric, this universal energy, one faced significant barriers and limits.  Ones that Mikael wasn’t paying enough attention to right now.  Ones that Lyght would exploit to win.  He ran through them in his head as he climbed in the increasingly high wind.
First Law of Dreamcasting – A linear increase in power results in a proportional loss in spirit. 
A Dreamcaster such as Lyght or Mikael, at fully-charged spirit capacity – as it was called – would get two hours of ability per six hours of sleep, but two hours spent at the natural strength of their body.  In other words, a user could only manipulate energy and substance for the full two hours if they were willing to accept tasks that they could do naturally without powers, from the strength in their own limbs.  However, if one wanted to increase their power (which frequently seemed to be the case), the loss in spirit as a result would be proportional to the rate of power increase.  
For example, to give himself the strength of two Lyghts, Lyght would lose spirit twice as fast – a proportional loss rate.  If stocked at the full spirit rate of two hours, Lyght could operate at the twice the full strength of his body continuously for an hour – the full limit would essentially be lost twice as fast by the increase in power. Three times strength meant a three times quicker loss of spirit, and so on.  Mikael was naturally strong physically, so his spirit capacity was very high, but that stunt with the wind had to have taken an enormous amount of spirit to pull off.  By the First Law, he had to be about dry by now.  
Second Law of Dreamcasting – The penalty for using more spirit than your body has may be death.
A Dreamcaster always knew when they were running low or out of spirt.  They could feel it.  So most wouldn’t even think of trying to use more spirit once they were out.  As reckless and competitive as Mikael was, Lyght was one hundred percent sure that he wouldn’t push his spirt too far if he was running low.  Both of them knew the consequences – and approaching the age of eighteen, neither had a death wish by any stretch of the imagination.  
Third Law of Dreamcasting – Nothing may be manipulated into an unnatural state.
As powerful as Dreamcasting was, it was a force of energy manipulation, not creativity.  Nothing could be changed to the point that it could not be found in nature.  That was why Mikael had to blast the existing air particles into a furious gale, rather than just sprouting wings or giving himself bigger muscles with power to jump hundreds of feet.  Strengthening your existing muscles was possible, of course, but it took a real subtle touch of energy manipulation at the cellular level that Mikael struggled with.  He excelled more at sheer use of power; like blasting the air into such a fury it could literally lift his body weight.
Lyght knew that Mikael’s primary limitation had always been his planning – he didn’t consider consequences as thoroughly or consider as many possible courses of action as Lyght.  He just did things intuitively.  That wasn’t a bad thing; it actually complimented Lyght’s style quite well.  However, it meant he could be beat.  Lyght could think quickly on his feet of manipulations that wouldn’t be unnatural by the Third Law.  He could think of what was possible, given the defined limits of his world.
Everybody said Lyght was highly intelligent.  Some called him a genius.  He didn’t know about that.  What he did know, was that – in situations like this – he was intentionally strategic.  He was creative.  He could match Mikael’s natural strength and flair with his own wit and ideas.  And above all, he didn’t want to lose.  No, he wouldn’t lose.  Not today.
Jumping off of the final stone step, Lyght landed on the grassy knoll atop the cliff and hit the ground running, barreling towards the dark pine wood.  Though smaller than Mikael, Lyght was not unathethletic himself.  He flew headlong over fallen pine needles; eyes narrowed on the twisting path ahead, arms pumping.  Mikael had to be halfway up that mountain by now.  Truth be told, Lyght had explored too many new land formations with Mikael to care about naming this mountain himself.  He just wanted to win.  He had lost four of these such contests in a row.  Mikael was in for a surprise.
After burning through the slowly lightening forest for about a minute, Lyght exploded out onto the rocky slope that curved gently upward towards the true mountain slope hundreds of yards ahead.  Although the base of the mountain was large, the mountaintop was not far from them at this elevation.  Indeed, as Lyght had suspected, Mikael was already within a hundred feet of the top.  Lyght came to a sudden stop, heels throwing up gray dust and rock.
Just in time, he thought, exhaling.  
Pointing his right arm up at the mountain peak in triumph, a tiny smile flashed in Lyght’s eyes as he steadied in on his intended pathway.  He held his breath for a few moments, concentrating… judging, analyzing.  Lyght stood there like a hunter, honing in on his prey.
One… Two…
Lyght ripped his arm downward from the top of the mountain, all the way to an angle pointing straight out in front of him on the gentle slope on which he stood.  Sure enough, a deep, narrow stone slide carved its way instantly the several hundred feet down the mountain slope.  Mikael’s cry of dismay was audible from Lyght’s vantage point as he slipped, a mere fifty feet from the top, and began to slide all the way down to the bottom slope where Lyght stood.  
Dashing forward, Lyght began to sprint up the mountain slope, passing Mikael about a third of the way up.  Head down, he kept running towards the narrow peak.  The move with the slide had utterly drained him.  Lyght had had to ramp his spirit up to many, many times his natural strength to carve a pathway in the stone that large, that quickly.  As a result, his spirit had nearly evaporated in the blink of an eye.  Lyght knew he would have to rely on his natural running speed now.  
As Lyght was drained by now, Mikael was able to catch up significantly on his way back up.  Lyght did make it first, but it was a close call.  Mikael’s natural strength and speed kept him in the race until the end, only losing by about eighty feet.  
Alone atop the mountaintop for a few moments, Lyght put his hands on his hips, breathing hard, and turned again towards the horizon.  Sunrise was coming soon.  As Mikael crested the ridge, panting, Lyght turned toward him with raised eyebrows.
“What happened there, champ?”
“Shut up”, said Mikael through gritted teeth.  “You know I had you beat with that flying trick.  The one time I think I outsmart you, this happens.  I thought of a way to naturally fly, and you still beat me.”
Lyght snorted.  “To be fair, you didn’t really fly, you just blasted your cloak with wind to make it float.  Even though the seaside wind was already strong, I really thought that would’ve drained you instantly.  Your strength is unfair.”
Mikael shook his head.  “And your sense of the Third Law is unfair.  How could a stone slide be natural?  That makes no sense.”
“Well”, Lyght said with a note of pride in his voice, “stone formations can chasm and furrow, right?  Really, I just aided them in that process, in a very… precise way that suited me.”
“Whatever”, Mikael sighed, turning towards the opposite western horizon and the… thing that hung there.  Ever present – silent – and yet… heavy.  A swirling ultra-black mass, or blank space; it always strangely gave the impression that it just wasn’t there.  That nothing was, really.  The embodiment of the strange, the unknown itself, it covered up the land every other night.  It had been retreating all night since it had some down from the sky at midnight, and had only recently jumped back into the sky from whence it came.  Lyght knew it would be back again soon.  Sure as sunrise, and surer yet.
The Dark.
The churning, ultra-black mass that came down to blanket the land every other night was now in retreat, running from the imminent sunrise – as always.  The Dark tended to bring, in Lyght’s experience, a thoroughly unsettling feeling of vulnerability and unknown when it descended, constricting the mind and suffocating the senses.  When the Dark came, things disappeared, shadows crept, and danger could be around any corner.  When it finally abated, new things suddenly appeared in the daylight – like this silent, mist-shrouded mountain they stood atop now.  Lyght never had been able to figure out how that happened.
It was an experience that Lyght really had a hard time describing, but he could feel it… all too well.
Most people didn’t have to experience the Dark however, for they were asleep whenever it came, safe and rejoicing in their own private fantasy worlds.  The only ones who experienced this force of unknown head on – who apparently faced it head on while the rest were asleep – were the great “Legends” of the land, as they were called.  They were renowned as great heroes who had been gifted with the extraordinarily rare Dreamcasting ability.  From what Lyght had heard, they patrolled every domain in the land as wardens against the Dark.  They were few and far between – only about a hundred alive, active Legends roamed every domain, protecting the people they grew up with, and came to love.  Every domain had its own Legends – except the Hope domain, Lyght and Mikael’s home.  In the absence of any Legends to rely on, Lyght and Mikael simply just had to make do with themselves.  As it was, it was barely enough, if that.
It was a huge, tough job they had taken upon themselves; learning more about the Dark.  It frustratingly enough, Lyght and Mikael had learned little enough over the past few years.  A mysterious force that could somehow make everyone without Dreamcasting powers fall into a deep sleep at the same time was something that Lyght and Mikael felt they just had to investigate.  The problem was, it was hard to investigate, much less understand, what was seemingly a force of nature.  Lyght showed the stress sometimes, and he knew it.  Nothing could ever get Mikael down, however.  He just laughed everything off.
That’s exactly what Mikael did now.  Laughing at nothing in particular, he turned back towards the eastern horizon.  Maybe he was just glad for the coming day.  The Dark really made one appreciate a normal day, even though there were two days for every normal night and Dark night.  The Dark only came every other night, each and every time.  Like clockwork.  Like a force of nature… but Lyght couldn’t help but feeling something was wrong with it all.
Day was indeed coming now.  Lyght breathed in deep as he listened to the sea roll in.  He always seemed to get worked up about this strange force that put everybody in the land to sleep – Dreamcasters excepted – every other night.  Lyght knew he just had to let himself unwind sometimes.  Day was indeed coming, and they were going home.  That was something he could at least be thankful for.  A gust of sea wind kicked in as the pair of friends stood atop the misty mountaintop in the pre-dawn.  Lyght felt his muscles relax as crisp wind whipped through his dark hair, which he pushed back with a casual hand.  
“Time to head back, you think?”, Mikael prompted.  Without waiting for an answer he spun on his heel and fell spread-eagled over the edge, dropping like a stone past the near-vertical mountain face towards the shifting sea below.  From this height, Lyght could barely make out a wooden raft tethered to a rock in the surf below.  As he watched, it snapped its binding and spun over to catch Mikael.  Lyght frowned.
I really thought he would be out by now…
Lyght was nearly out of spirit, that was for sure.  If he jumped, he would have to place it perfectly to land on the pitching raft.  He only had enough spirit left to slow his momentum before he reached the raft.  It would still be a hard hit.  Sighing, he lined up his angle, took a short step, and jumped off the edge.
Salty air roaring past his body, shirt flying in the high wind, Lyght fell rapidly and closed with the raft, which was growing bigger and bigger as he fell.  A stunt like this took the utmost concentration.  One… two…
Lyght ripped his right arm above his head, burning away the last of his spirit in one mighty heave – and reversed gravity.  
His speciality.  It was a move that only he could do, to his knowledge.  Still, he could only sustain it for the tiniest portion of a second; it wasn’t that he could literally reverse gravity, he just… redirected it upon itself.  Changed its effects, if only for a second.  Lyght thought he had been the first Dreamcaster to realize, at least to his knowledge, that gravity, as a force, could manipulated by Dreamcasting just like any other force or component of the universe.  It did take a herculean effort, however, to manipulate a force of that magnitude, even across such a small area as his body.
Instantly upon performing the move, Lyght’s vision swam and his head spun, the remainder of his spirit shooting instantly to zero.  Feeling as if he’d slammed into an invisible wall, Lyght shot back up some forty feet.  From there, it was still a fifty to sixty foot fall to the deck.  He braced himself and landed seconds later with a jarring thud that rattled his bones.  Lyght felt the familiar empty spot deep inside him as his spirit hit zero, along with the oddly vulnerable feeling he always felt when he ran out of spirit.  He’d always hated it.  
Grimacing, Lyght stood upright gingerly.  “You really couldn’t just wait and come back down the mountain the way we came?”
Mikael laughed, “Nah.  And be late for our own party?  We gotta get back to the village.” 
Oh yeah, that’s today.
Lyght just shook his head.  He was just glad the currents would carry them back on their own – he was completely out of spirit for now, and Mikael had to be just about out as well.  He felt the characteristic tiredness that one felt when completely drained of Dreamcasting spirit.  Not only that, his sleep had been cut short by him falling off a cliff.  These excursions never ceased to amaze.
Slumping exhaustedly against the small, makeshift center cabin and closing his eyes, Lyght waved his hand, “Let’s get this party started then”.
Wasting no time, Mikael slipped the trailing rope over the base of the flagpole, which flew a sea green standard with deep blue designs, the flag of their home.  Knotting the rope tightly and jumping up, Mikael thrust his right arm toward the sky, and a warm, driving wind began to push the raft from behind.  Apparently he had just enough spirit to kick them out into the current, and then let the “sea highway”, as it was known, do the rest of the work.  Feeling a sudden warmth, Lyght rested his hands behind his head and opened his eyes. 
The morning sun had finally crested the horizon, dazzling the wide open sky with streaks of pink and gold.  Lyght saw a flock of seagulls, perhaps the same ones they had scared off before, circle lazily over the open sea.  Silhouetted by the sun, they dove in turns into the fish-rich waters of the southern coast.  The waves rolled softly into the rocky bay – low tide.  A comfortable ride back.  Maybe he could get some sleep. 
Mikael looked back toward the mountain.  “So what did you want to name that new mountain?  It’s one of the biggest I’ve seen.  You have quite the opportunity here”. 
“Hmmm… how about Iwin?”, Lyght joked lazily.
Grinning typically, Mikael reached out his left hand in a fist, his eyes on the sky, “We’re ready, aren’t we, Lyght?”  Sensing the obvious weight of the question, Lyght looked back towards the west, and the looming unknown, then east again at the rising sun.  With a matching grin, and reached up his right fist to join with Mikael’s.
“The question is, are they ready for us?”


Chapter Two
Warm green waves rolled onto the deserted beach south of the village of Kona.  The only sign of last night’s storm were the few branches scattered here and there on the golden sands.  The beach was deserted – the village’s fishermen had already departed well before the sun came up, and it was still too early to attract any families or playful children to the seaside.  The sun hung low over the eastern horizon, casting dancing shards of light over the foamy sea surface.  
This light glared in the eyes of a young teenage girl as she snuck quietly up the beach path, dragging a lightweight boat behind her.  With her arm shielding her face from the direct light, she emerged onto the beach and glanced around quickly for any bystanders.  Seeing she was alone, a quick mischievous grin flashed across her face.  She dragged the boat down to the tide line and into the surf, hopping in.  It was only a small canoe-type vessel; she had “borrowed” it from the port storage warehouse.  It would serve her purpose, though.
They’ll never know what hit them, the girl thought with amusement.  If all went as planned, she would really have one up on these guys for a long time.  For sure, they were getting way too cocky lately for her liking.  Well, it was her job to bring them back down to earth again, as always.  And she had something especially good planned this time.
Shading her eyes with one hand, the girl grabbed the double oar out of the bottom of the boat with the other.  Course set, she began paddling out across the warm southern sea.  She would have to go fairly far out to meet up with her friends.  The arranged agreement was a half a mile off the coast, southwest of Kona.  The half mile wasn’t the problem; paddling against the current was.  She was in the relatively shallow waters off the sea highway, so the current wasn’t overwhelming here.  Still, she battled a consistent riptide as she fought towards the pickup point.  
Most sixteen-year-old girls wouldn’t even attempt something like this, but it wasn’t for nothing that she held a reputation as one of the real troublemakers in the village of Kona.  She had an unfortunate habit of doing the opposite of what the adults in her village expected her to do.  She didn’t try to be like that, honestly, she just felt she was fundamentally different from the type of person everyone expected you to be in her hometown.  She despised deadlines, duties, and rules on the whole.  She couldn’t see why people weren’t just allowed to do what they wanted, when they wanted.  As long as it wasn’t too out of line, where was the harm in living a little?  She also felt, deep down, that she had to set herself apart as different, because she was the one in her family most often overlooked.
She was Lyght’s little sister, after all.
Sky was her name.  Or rather, that was what she made people call her.  Her full first name was “Skylianne”, an idiotic name if she had ever heard one.  Too pretty.  Too refined.  She preferred to keep things simple.  No use overcomplicating things – she did what was needed to get the job done.  Problem was, the things she most often spent her time doing were not acceptable to her parents, or most of the village, for that matter. 
Sky was a troublemaker – plain and simple, that was who she was and what she did.  Her mother and her teachers had wanted her to train be a medic.  She apparently had something of a natural gift for it.  Sky knew it hurt them that she just didn’t care enough to work hard at it.  She would just much rather be out having some fun, actually doing something.  She never could understand how people let themselves get trapped into their boring routines.  That wasn’t going to happen to her, she had decided.
Sky reached behind her head and knotted even tighter the sky blue bandana she always wore – a reflection of her name.  She was quite proud of it.  With her long brown hair whipping in the wind and flying in her face, her bandana helped hold it back.  Sky stared ahead, arms pumping as she rowed, excited.  She had to be close by now; it was only half a mile.  She was looking for a soft whirlpool inside a semicircle of rocks to dock her boat.  Her friends were supposed to swing in off the sea highway and pick her up.  And when they did, the show would be under way.
Sure enough, she spied the softly swirling pool a minute later.  Paddling over to it, she grabbed the thick rope out of the bottom of the canoe and slipped it over the top of a worn, perfectly sized conical rock, slipping it down and tightening the knot.  Then, she jumped out onto a flat, reasonably wide rock to wait.  This little natural port served as the official pickup and drop-off point for the seafaring underground.  Hidden below a massive cliff, with rocks jutting out of the frothing water all around, only a small canoe could pull in here.  You had to know it was here, tucked away in a labyrinth of sea rocks.  And to be in the know, you had to know them.  The ones whose sleek ship appeared around the western cliff edge at that moment, flying a black flag.  Sky’s secret friends…
Pirates.
Waving casually to the mates on board, Sky strolled to the edge of the rock and waited.  A small canoe was lowered into the water, and two men paddled on over.  “Sky!”, one of them called, “you ready to do this?”
She smiled, “Ready if you are, Jon”.
This man she addressed did not very look notable in any way, much less like the captain that he was.  Young – in his early twenties, yet somehow already balding – the good-natured redheaded young man reached out an arm, grabbing a jutting rock and pulling the small boat sideways for Sky to get in.  As she hopped in the middle, the other young man in the canoe – a very large one by any standard – laughed, his chin quivering. 
“Sky, you do know it might be kind of dangerous for us normal folk to mess with Dreamcasters, even if we outnumber them ten-to-one.  And after the game is up… they’ll see us.  Are you sure you want the two most powerful guys in the village to know that you’re friends with pirates?”
Sky shrugged, “It’s no big deal.  We both know you guys aren’t real pirates anyway.  I mean, no offense, but you don’t even do anything that illegal.  So no, it shouldn’t be an issue.  You guys are pretty much like me, and my brother can understand that well enough.”
Sky glanced ahead at the sleek, swift Joy – an odd name for a pirate ship if there ever was one.  But then again, these weren’t really pirates in any meaningful sense of the word.  Just fellow miscreants like her from around the village and the local area who liked to sail around with a black flag and act rebellious.  She doubted whether they had even done anything as substantive, however, as the prank they were about to pull on her brother and his friend.  Two powerful individuals, by anyone’s estimation.  But, their power made them overconfident.  It made them lazy.  Sky knew this, and she exploited it so often.  It was just too easy now.
As their small canoe pulled up to the ship, rope ladders were thrown down by the crew above.  Sky climbed up onto the lip of the canoe and jumped; grabbing the rough rope with both hands and shimmying her way up.  Pulling herself up the last couple feet, she jumped and landed with a quiet thump on the deck of the ship.  Saluting playfully to the mate Smithy, she made her way to the aft of the vessel, climbing the stairs to the control wheel.  She waited here for Jon and his oversized first mate Bo, while they helped pull the canoe back up onto the ship.  She wanted a good view.
Glancing over starboard and port respectively, she inspected the two smaller ships accompanying the flagship (such as it was) Joy.  Sail-operated vessels flying similar flags to the Joy, they were both bristling with a dozen archers each.  Crewmembers, and friends of hers.
Perfect.  
A single Dreamcaster could board a ship and fight off a whole crew at once, depending on how much spirit they had.  And they were going against two guys with this power.  However, they couldn’t board the ships if there was an extra third one with a crew of archers ready to turn them into a pair of porcupines.  Not that Sky would have them fire, of course.  But, her brother and his friend couldn’t know that.  They would have to restrain themselves.
She only wished the crew displayed as much confidence as she had.  They knew that Lyght and Mikael were “Dreamcasters”, and even though they didn’t know much about the power, they had obviously heard the stories – and it probably frightened them.  Sky knew her brother, and she knew his friend Mikael, and could say for sure that they weren’t as great as everyone made them out to be.  It aggravated her to no end that people overrated them so much, in her opinion.
“How close are we at the moment?”, Sky asked as Jon climbed the last few steps.
“Close enough.  We’re about an hour from meeting them.  Of course we’ll have to stay close to the shore and avoid the highway, which is running south and east at the moment”, Jon explained.  
Sky looked up at the blue dome above for which she was named, and smiled.  She could barely contain her excitement.  They were in for a real surprise this time.
A real birthday surprise.
“Captain, have you read Peace and Disorder by Aranault recently?”
“I can’t say that I have, Sky.  I try not to read if I can help it.  School never did suit me”, Jon said with a touch of embarrassment.
“Me neither.  But my brother reads his eyes out, and this one book I will confess to having stolen to read half a dozen times.  It contains one of my favorite lines: “The world arose from a perfect primordial force, this thing that overwhelmed the senses and melted the mind – for its name was chaos, and never was there a formula so simple, yet magnificent.”
“Captain, let’s go make some chaos.”


Chapter Three
Lyght awoke to the soft rushing of the warm southern sea, the turquoise froth of the eastbound sea highway swirling around him.  Yawning, he looked up at the open blue sky and tried to gauge the time.  It still had to be nine or ten in the morning.
“How long was I out”?, Lyght asked, standing up and stretching.  He spied a soft haze in the distance.  Land.  They weren’t far now; it was a pretty short trip.
“Couple hours.  You should be replenished a bit on spirit”, Mikael pointed out.  
Indeed, Lyght did have about forty minutes stocked right now.   Dreamcasters could receive the full two hour power limit by sleeping six hours; the normal person’s average of eight minus the two that the Dreamcaster didn’t need to spend dreaming.  They could “dream” (or more realistically, manipulate matter and energy) while awake; that was why they were special.  However, this meant they only received a third the amount of spirit time as time they spent sleeping.  Another sort of disadvantage.  Since he had slept two hours, Lyght had forty minutes – a third of that – stocked up.  
Mikael, standing at the edge of the craft, looked over to where Lyght sat with his back to the center cabin, “I noticed, Lyght; you always have to go to sleep right after running dry.  Can’t stand being out of power can you?”
“Yeah right”, Lyght said.  “I just get tired; only sleeping a few hours in the mornings or evenings, and staying out all night.  We put a lot of stress and strain on ourselves, exploring around for information during Dark nights – and even regular nights now – in addition to having to stay up most of the day.  Sometimes I wonder how I’m still standing.”
Lyght paused, taking a deep breath.  Here he was, about to go breaking his promise to himself.  Again.  He had thought to defeat the Dark once.  Or rather, his father had.  Lyght grimaced slightly as he felt the bitter, tearing feeling he often experienced whenever he thought about it.  Best not to dwell on it.  Or so he told himself.
“I know what we agreed to before, but still… I just don’t know Mikael.  I don’t know if we can do it.  Better men than us have failed.”  Lyght muttered this last sentence with a note of bitterness in his voice.
Mikael nodded slightly, turning to gaze at the soft yellow beaches in the distance; the pelicans flying in formation, the soft turquoise waves rolling in sleepily.  He understood.  Lyght could tell.  One thing Lyght appreciated about him was that he knew when to be serious.  Normally, Mikael played the part of the loud jokester, the bold one, even rash at times.  Lyght himself was more level-headed, low-key.  Mikael antagonized Lyght a lot, and Lyght likewise pretended to be exasperated or annoyed.  It was just the game they played.  When it came down to it, they both knew they were more similar than anything else – considering their backgrounds.  Two sides of the same coin.  It was what had drawn them together in the first place.
Crouching down and trailing his hand in the warm green water, Mikael paused thoughtfully.  “Look, it’s been hard on me too, even if I try not to show it.  But you know that.  However, you also know what we agreed to back there.  Our coming-of-age is officially today Lyght.  We’re eighteen.  That means we have full status as men in our village.  We’ve got to do what men would do, given our abilities.  We have a responsibility to seek out the source of the Dark, and try to destroy it.  Just try, even if we’re not successful.  Nobody but us and the Legends have ever even seen the Dark – and who knows if the Legends even really exist?  No one in the village will believe anything we say about this stuff.  They can’t comprehend what we say, because they’re somehow all forced to be asleep every time the Dark comes out – which is every other night.  You know it, that can’t be natural.”
Mikael looked into his friend’s eyes, “So, you see, we have to leave.  This is a very difficult burden we’re placing on ourselves, I know.  You know that too.  But we’re doing it for the good of the village.  For the families that raised us.  Surely that makes it worth it for you?”
Lyght took a deep breath before responding, looking out across the ocean with his hands behind his head, “We’re doing this for the village, right?  No, this isn’t worth it for me.  But I also know it’s not just about me.  They need it, whether they know it or not.  You’re right, Mikael, we need to pay back those who decided to raise us to the men we became today.  They didn’t have to – we weren’t theirs.  But they took us in anyway, despite the personal costs they had to bear.  We owe this to them, at the least.”  Lyght clinched a hand over the flag pole next to him, looking at the flag of Kona flying overhead.
Yeah, that’s why we’ve been doing this, and why we’re going to take the next step.  For them.  It can’t just be all about us.
We’re grown men now… damn.
“What, that’s all?”, Mikael asked, seemingly amused.  “I personally feel like doing something heroic.  Something memorable.  Yeah, I knew the whole paying our families back line would get you.  For me though, I also want to leave legacy that no one will ever forget.”
Lyght broke in “If you’re saying what I think you’re saying…”
“Probably”, Mikael said lightly.  “I’m a man of simple tastes, as you know.  All I want…”  He flipped backward suddenly, landing in a crouch on top of the small center cabin, just above Lyght.  “Is to be a Legend”, he whispered dramatically.
Lyght sighed, his arms crossed; torn between exasperation, amusement, and incredulity.  He should’ve known that this was always Mikael’s goal.  It’s was Lyght’s own dream, even if he tried to deny it to himself.  His father’s unfinished dream before him.  An everlasting legacy, a hero’s name – to be remembered.  All this, and much more, came to a Legend – a member of the elite Legion.
The Legion – an ultra-skilled, fiercely loyal sect of Dreamcasters, directly under the command of the King.  Each member of this rarified organization was called a “Legend”, and they were exactly that.  They were revered and honored for their mystical talent, disregard for danger, and utter commitment to protect the people of the Dreamscape – the official name for the King’s lands (the whole world, really).  
The common man in the Dreamscape just knew that the Legends worked for the King (who was referred to endearingly as “The Hero”), and “protected” the people – though from what, they weren’t sure.  Lyght knew that Dreamcasters made up the entirety of the Legion, and that these Legends were very rare; there were only about a hundred alive, active Legends.  But he also knew that not every Dreamcaster could become one, his father was more than enough proof of that.
But here he was, reflecting again.  Shaking his head to clear it, Lyght smiled despite himself.  Arms crossed, he looked up – looking his friend in the eyes, supremely confident. “Why am I not surprised?  Bet I become a Legend first.”
“Whoa!  Quite a statement for you, my friend.  Why, this has to be the first time I’ve heard you admit to what I’ve known all along”, Mikael said.
“Which is?”
“That you really do want to be great.  You have more ambition than you pretend to.  Just know I’m not fooled”, Mikael said, jumping down and landing on the deck, cloak flaring dramatically.  On purpose, of course.
Lyght snorted, but said nothing.  He felt a bit more relaxed now.  What was the point in worrying?  After all, this was their special day.  They were going to be back in the village soon, and every kid dreamed of their eighteenth birthday celebrations.  The whole village always got in on the festivities, and a double party for the two most popular young ones in the village, coinciding with the New Year’s celebration, meant that a real party was in store for tonight.
Glancing towards the shore, Lyght tried to determine how close they were to Kona.  Shielding his eyes against the sunlight glinting off the verdant sea, he tried to search out a landform or marker he would recognize.  Instead, he spied something else.  Several forms cutting through the water near the coast, heading west.  They would have seemed innocent, were they not flying black flags.  Lyght knew what that meant – but this far south?  He had never imagined something like this.
“Mikael, do you see that?”, Lyght asked urgently, pointing.
“Hmm...”, Mikael said, turning around with concern, apparently noticing the tension in Lyght’s voice.  He froze when he saw it.  He was out of spirit, and Lyght himself only had forty minutes.  This was a sight they had never hoped to see anywhere near the village they called home.   A danger unrelated to the Dark entirely, unlike anything they had experience with.
Pirates.


Chapter Four
Lyght crouched in anticipation, muscles tense, as the three pirate vessels – one medium size and two smaller ones – encircled their small little raft, waves intentionally driving them off the sea highway so they floated adrift.  Lyght had forty spirit minutes.  What should he do?  Should he boost his strength and speed to twenty times normal for two minutes?  Eight times normal for five minutes?  Should he use more of his spirit on himself internally, or external moves?  He’d probably have to vary it, like he always did.  He’d have to keep in mind that was the only one with spirit – Mikael was out.  While a fearsome fighter in his own right, without any spirit, Mikael could not take out more than six or so men by himself.  They were facing down three whole ships.
“Lyght”, Mikael said urgently, “we can’t board them.  They’re loaded with archers on the two smaller ships, and they have bowmen on the flagship as well.  Whichever one we don’t board will light us up.”  Indeed, with only two of them, any boarding attempt by Lyght and Mikael would leave a third ship free to fire their arrows at will.  Not a good situation.
“Well, what would you suggest we do?”, Lyght asked, gut twisting in anxiety.  What could they do against three pirate crews, alone at sea with only forty spirit minutes between them?  Lyght couldn’t push the raft away fast enough with wind; the ships would just follow them until he was out. There would be no running.  But fighting didn’t look to be an option either. 
Mikael shook his head, “We have to just do what they say, see what they want from us.  I would think they know who we are; we obviously have nothing for them to steal.  I say we wait, and we can restock spirit if they hold us captive.  We could always use that later to break out and take control of the ships if we had to.”
Lyght frowned.  “I don’t much like the idea of spending my eighteenth birthday and longer held captive by pirates.  We don’t have time for this.”
Rowboats were approaching, loaded with armed men.  They had to make a decision now.  “Well”, Mikael sighed, “unfortunately we don’t have a choice”.
An overweight man with a quivering chin rowed up to them in the lead boat, and smiled, a gold tooth showing.  He was armed with a short axe at his belt.  A range of six boats fanned out in the back, archers strung and ready to make sure they didn’t try anything.  “Get in with me”, the fat man commanded.  They reluctantly did as he said.
As the fat man and a couple of his companions rowed them back towards the flagship, another young man sitting in the boat with them approached them apologetically.  “I’m sorry, but I’m ordered to blindfold you guys.  Here”, he said shyly, handing them a pair of blindfolds, “I’ll let you guys do it.  I’m sorry.”
Another rower snorted, “You’re being too soft on them, Dywen.  As usual.”
The fat man nodded his head in agreement, “Yeah, but don’t get their hopes up for nothing.  We all know what the Captain wants from them.”  The twinkle in his eye seemed to say very clearly “and you’re not gonna like it.”
Lyght sighed in frustration, exchanging dark looks with Mikael.  He tied his blindfold on, feeling distinctly annoyed.  He wasn’t scared of this “Captain”, but neither was he looking forward to some profiteering bully trying to rob them or take them captive.  
As they reached the flagship, Lyght heard a clunk against the side of the ship, and heard something unfurling against its side.  Rope ladders.  The oarsmen ushered them to the ladders and went up behind them, making sure they got up properly, blindfolded as they were.  When Lyght hit the deck after Mikael, he heard footsteps around them.  They were surrounded.  A sword just barely pricked his side.  He pulled back hissing, and reached a hand up to take off his blindfold.  Someone whacked him in the knee with some sort of stick.
 “Move”, a threatening voice said behind them.  “Straight ahead ten feet, then down the stairs”.  Lyght hobbled over, furious and grunting with pain.  He was already plotting revenge as he walked.  It was all he could do to keep his cool now and keep from attacking immediately, which would surely get them killed – outnumbered as they were.  Sure, Lyght could gain the strength and speed of ten men for about four minutes.  But numbers still reigned supreme – if he were fighting hand-to-hand with his captors, archers could simply snipe him with arrows, numerous as they were.  As angry as Lyght was, he didn’t want to die today.  Better he and Mikael wait to restore their spirt to a full level – then they could fight if need be.  At full spirit level, any ordinary bandits – regardless of number – would have trouble defeating them.  They would simply be too fast to be hit by arrows, or anything else, really. 
The door closed behind them as they reached the bottom of the stairwell, cutting off the rushing, foaming sound of the sea outside.  It was eerily quiet in whatever room they were in.  The captors ordered Lyght and Mikael to their knees, and then fell silent.  A creak sounded, a pause, then another.  Someone slowly walking over to them, heavy boots clacking on the wooden floor.   
“The Captain needs to know”, one of the captors said, “what possessed you to dare to enter these waters, well known to be the sacred domain of the Blood Brotherhood?”
Lyght would have laughed, were this not such a dangerous situation.  “I’m sorry?  I didn’t realize the sea was split up into Domains now.  What proclamation from the King have I missed giving dominance of this common highway to a pirate gang?”
“Silence!” a rough voice yelled, as Lyght felt a whistling go by his ear, and heard a sword tip crunch into the floor a moment later.  Lyght jumped back; he had just been about to angle his head that direction to try to see out of his blindfold.  Shocked, Lyght hung his head in disbelief.  That could have been the end of him right there, and he wouldn’t have even known it was coming.  He had to get out of this situation, and fast.
The first voice spoke again, “We will let you speak to our great and fearsome Captain, if you apologize to the Brotherhood for invading our waters, and promise to never talk back to the Captain in the manner you just did.  Now, do you understand?”
Breathing hard in anger at their predicament, Lyght thought fast.  Mikael was going to be largely silent here unless he had to speak.  He tended to get himself into trouble even in normal situations – things like this required Lyght’s quick thinking and decision-making skills.
Furious with himself, Lyght made the decision to live to fight another day.  “I apologize…”, he said through gritted teeth, “to the Captain and the crew of the Brotherhood, for violating your domain.  I won’t question your authority again.”
At this, someone burst out in laughter right in front of them.  Familiar laughter, and seemingly out of place, just wrong for the gravity of the situation.  A girl.  “Take them off”, she commanded.
Lyght knew it a second before he saw it, as he stared up at the “Captain” who held his fate in her hands.  Decked out in a flaring red pirate’s coat with knee high black boots and her characteristic sky blue bandana, Lyght’s little sister stood over him, almost crying with laughter.
Lyght was so annoyed; he couldn’t even form words properly.  What just happened?  Was she really behind something of this scale?  How?  Why?  What…
Lyght was so long in finding his voice, that his little sister recovered first.  She spread her arms out wide dramatically, visibly bursting to say something.  
Lyght raised his eyebrows, glancing at Mikael.
“Happy birthday, guys.”


Chapter Five
“Let me get this straight – the ‘friends’ that you’ve vaguely mentioned from time to time have been pirates?  I know that you sometimes don’t keep the best company, but even for you, this is extreme.”  Lyght looked at his little sister, frowning.  They stood all the way at the forefront of the Joy, leaning against opposite gunwales of the vessel.  Mikael stood above them in front on the ship’s prow, grasping the rigging above his head and staring out to sea.  They would be back in Kona shortly.
Sky snorted derisively.  “I wouldn’t say that.  They’re not really pirates, just wannabes who sail around with a black flag.  They’ve never even robbed anyone or taken any ships.  They just have a taste for adventure – I like that.  The freedom of the open sea suits me.  I’m telling you, Lyght, you need to just have a bit of fun sometimes.  The sound of the rushing high seas, the sound of the crashing waves and sea birds, it’s so refreshing.”
“Well, be that as it may”, Lyght said, still flustered from his earlier embarrassment.  “You don’t threaten your beloved older brother with armed bandits, do you?  On his birthday?  Even for you, that’s pretty tactless.”
Sky looked confused, “But, I thought you might appreciate the excitement.  The adrenaline rush.  That’s your thing, right?”
Mikael turned from his contemplation of the sea, laughing “That’s more my thing.  Your older brother knows how to face danger, sure – but I don’t think he relishes uncertainty.  Why do you think he’s so focused on planning everything out, thinking of every contingency, strategizing his way around everything?”  Mikael walked over, placing his arm around Lyght, “See, this is why I hang out with our man here.  He’s the only reason I haven’t died doing something stupid yet.”
Lyght just rolled his eyes, thinking to change the subject.  His sister just didn’t get it – nor did Mikael, for that matter.  Didn’t they understand that normal people just weren’t as reckless as they were?  Regardless…
“Look, don’t we have something more important to discuss?  I’m gonna need your help on this one Mikael… I’m having a hard time explaining this even to myself.”
“Sure thing, buddy”, Mikael said with a smile.  He didn’t start it off, however, so Lyght sighed and began himself, “Mikael and I, well… you know what we spend a lot of our time doing.  Exploring around in the Dark, that is.  In fact, you’re probably the only one who does know we do this.  Probably because you’re the only one sneaky and gutsy enough to try to follow us out at night”, Lyght added with a grin.
Lyght’s little sister shook her head, defiant “So, what?”, she demanded, crossing her arms.  Maybe she could see where this was going.  
“Well, we’re eighteen now Sky.  Officially men by the laws and customs of the village.  As such, we’ve decided to take responsibility for what we are.  We’re going to do what we must, in order to protect the villagers that have sacrificed and laid it on the line for us, even when they didn’t have to.  You know all about that, you’re one of them, too.  This is our way of saying thanks.  We’re going to fulfill our destiny, and do what only we can do.”
“So, what you’re saying is…”, Sky started slowly, staring off distantly at the seabound horizon.
“We’re leaving, Sky.  After tonight’s festivities, Mikael and I are headed out for a while.  And we’re not coming back until we accomplish what we’ve set out to do.  For you, our parents, and the village.  It’s on us now.  There will be no more waiting, no more information gathering.  It’s time we put it on the line for you all the same way you put it on the line for us ten years ago, and have continued to do until today.  And we’re not going to fail you”, Lyght said, standing straight-backed and proud.  He hoped he projected confidence; he didn’t want his sister to think he had any doubts about their chances for success.
And I don’t doubt it myself… right?
 “You’re going to try to defeat it, aren’t you?  The Dark?”, Sky asked tensely.
Lyght nodded, surprised, but maybe unfairly so.  After all, Sky was the only non-Dreamcaster they knew who understood that the Dark came every other night while the population was forced to sleep.  Sky had always been gifted with a mysterious, seemingly impossible, yet incredible ability to force herself to stay awake in the Dark.  Lyght had never seen anything like it.  But then again, he had never really known anybody like his sister.  
Of course, she wasn’t really Lyght’s sister.  Not in the literal sense of the word anyway.  Lyght and Mikael were both orphans, as far as they knew, and coincidentally had been taken in by Kona families in different circumstances, yet at nearly the same time.  Almost like fate, it sometimes seemed to Lyght.  
Lyght and his true father had traveled the land as nomads in his youth.  Lyght’s father, Lucent, had been a Dreamcaster as well, and he’d spent his life seeking out the King’s Legion, dreaming of finding and one day joining the elite organization.  Lucent had wandered for eight years, taking his son with him and searching for the location of the elusive Legion – for nobody knew where they were, or even if they really existed.  But Lucent had managed to keep the faith.  Searching, always hopeful, for the ones who could help him hone his powers, and ultimately combine with him to form an even greater force than the Dark – the oppressive, mysterious, overwhelming force that had apparently (somehow) had killed Lyght’s mother.  Lyght had originally gotten the idea to destroy the Dark from his dad, and the years they’d spent wandering in search of the group that could help them do it still remained etched in Lyght’s mind to this day.
And here Lyght was again, remembering it all.  Lyght had spent years in shock, trying not to think about him, and what had happened ten years ago…  But his thoughts had increasingly drifted to his father this past year.  Maybe it was because Lyght found himself subconsciously pondering the path he thought to be dead – his father’s dream of becoming a Legend that his son could be proud of.  Lyght had always secretly dreamed of joining the Legion himself; he could picture himself standing with a hundred-strong elite Dreamcasters and being named a champion of the people in his domain, as they tied the cape on and named him officially a Legend of the Dreamscape.  He smiled to himself; it still gave him a rush to think about it.   
Lucent had always seemed out of place in the Dreamscape – Lyght could never track down any family members or friends he had, or figure out where he was from.  He simply was, as if he had sprouted out of the ground, parallel to Lyght’s existence.  Despite his seeming lack of a past (he never explained how he met Lyght’s mother), Lyght’s father had been a man of incomparable vision and passion for building a magnificent future. 
Averting his eyes and looking down at the deck, Lyght tried to ignore the familiar pain washing over him.  He needed to be strong like his dad; Sky deserved an explanation.
“Look, though I grew up a nomad, I truly found my home with you and mom and dad” (as he referred to Sky’s parents – who had raised him from age eight).  “Kona is my home – you guys are my people, and always will be.  Mom and dad say that although you were only six, your healing abilities saved my life.  The only reason I’m even alive is because you guys happened to find me on your way back from Pride to Kona, and that you just so happened to be a healing prodigy by age six.  I mean, what were the chances?”
Lyght looked into his sister’s deep green eyes, “I know I’m not serious with you very often, but if I’m being honest, I don’t know how I’m ever going to pay back the debt.  Don’t you see?  I have to try.  We have to try.”  He looked down at Sky, willing her to understand.  She had to understand.  He didn’t want to leave.  He didn’t.  But he had to.  Lyght’s dad had done what he had to.  In a way, they all did.  
Mikael put a hand on his shoulder.  “What he’s saying is that we’re gonna go out, find the source of the Dark, and destroy it.  Nothing more, nothing less.  Take it from me if you want Sky, we’re not gonna fail.  You can trust us.”
Sky turned, jumping up onto the prow of the bobbing ship, and stared out to sea with an inscrutable expression.  The wind kicked up, and she closed her eyes, completely silenced for once.  Lyght waited patiently for her response.  To be honest, it didn’t matter what she said, they were going anyway.  A deep part of him, however, wanted her blessing.  He would feel a lot better knowing that the one person who knew what they were up against supported them in their fight.  
Finally, she turned, seemingly resigned.  “Ok”, she muttered.  Then louder, “Ok, but you have to promise you’re coming back once you’ve destroyed it, alright?  You won’t continue to do anything else… like seek out the Legion, for instance.”
After pausing for a fraction of a second, Lyght cracked a smile with effort, “I promise.”  He extended his right arm out in a fist, eyebrows raised.  Sky sighed, still seeming a bit unsatisfied.  However, she extended her fist to meet her brother’s.  “Deal”.
Quick as lightning, she flipped her hand up to Lyght’s forearm and twisted, “You better not break your promise”, she said tensely, eyes burning into him. 
 “Ok, ok, you got it.  It’s a promise”, Lyght said quickly, eyes watering.  She let go of him and spun around on her heel, huffing and crossing her arms.
Mikael laughed, as usual.  Always the lighthearted one.  “So, we’re in business then?”, he asked, rubbing his hands together.  “In that case…” he started, a spark catching in his eye.  He pointed, “Let’s get this party started.” 
Lyght and Sky turned, looking out over the water.  They hadn’t even noticed; in the midst of their heavy conversation, they had pulled up to Kona.  They were in the small bay now where the village sat, and Lyght saw the people going by in fishing vessels and some sharp-sighted people on shore begin cheering.  Mikael, seeing them as well, jumped explosively with Dreamcasting power – unnecessary by any measure – and flew headlong to the very front of the prow, landing and throwing his arms up, much to the pleasure of the growing crowd on the shoreline.  
Lyght hesitated.  He didn’t want to what Mikael just did; that wasn’t his usual mode of operation.  Sky sensed his objection, “Come on big bro, it’s your eighteenth birthday.  It’s your day.”
Lyght nodded appreciatively, and then, drawing up the strength of a hundred men through Dreamcasting, jumped with a force that shook the deck below.  Erupting over a hundred and fifty feet into the air, warm coastal air whipping his shirt up, he smiled contentedly, twisting to land perfectly perched on the edge of the swaying crow’s nest.  Standing up precariously on the edge, he stared down affectionately at his home, his life.  
Nestled by the sea, the wooden houses with palm leaf rooftops looked unusually small, but all the more comforting for it.  He could see the playground that he had torn up as a kid.  Could see the schoolhouse where he had learned, laughed, and spent his days.  He was a good student, one of the best, but Mikael had been a bad influence on him.  Lyght remembered the pair of them getting kicked out of class countless times.  The nostalgia of ten years of his life – the majority of it so far – was carried to him on the warm southern sea breeze.  Lyght looked down on his home from a high vantage point as never before, making him see just how much he was going to miss it.  But he wasn’t gone yet.  Not by a long shot.
Turning his gaze towards the growing crowd on the beach, much closer now, Lyght raised his right arm hesitantly.  They cheered him on, pointing up and chanting something.  He strained to hear, and finally caught snatches of his name, and Mikael’s too.  They were chanting for them.  Them!
Grinning widely, Lyght spread his arms to his side, palms up, and closed his eyes leisurely – letting the praise and warm coastal wind wash over him.  Yes, this was his day.  He could feel his heart going faster than a speeding arrow.  He was ready to go.  
Let’s do this. 
He crouched and sprung powerfully again, soaring over the deck, and landing next to Mikael on the tip of the thick prow of the ship.  
They looked at each other, grinning wickedly, and then away again.  Simultaneously, they both flipped backwards into the air, and – kicking hard off the mast – blasted forward like a pair of human missiles.  Wind roared in Lyght ears; chants, blue-green sea, gold sand, and blue sky spinning crazily around him, before he slowed alongside his longtime friend and dropped to the sand in the midst of the crowd, who surrounded the two of them, cheering.  They were two of the most skilled and promising kids to have ever grown up in the small village.  Real, actual Dreamcasters.
But not kids anymore.  Men.
“Nothing like being late to your own party!”, the village leader, Micah, exclaimed, walking up to the pair with his arms spread out wide.  “But you’re home now, and that’s what matters.”
Micah turned to address the whole crowd – it seemed like the entire village had gathered on the seafront by now – “let the New Year celebrations, and long-awaited coming-of-age of Kona’s very own Dreamcaster duo… BEGIN!”


Chapter Six
The essence of power is respect.  Not love – for those who claim to love you may often have a different view of what is best for you and them.  Nor hate – for it is parasitic in nature, and power cannot be maintained where there is a loss or transfer of this power.  Respect is the balance, respect is the ideal – for in a relationship of mutual respect, both sides know their position and are content in it.  Above all, we know this – respect is earned, not given.
“Um…. K… King Decimader?  Your guest is here to see you.”
Concentration broken, this man called Decimader looked up from the book he had been reading.  Standing in front of the hundred foot high wall-to-wall windows at the top of Triumph – his sky-high palace – he could see that twilight had fallen on his city, casting dusky shades of gold, brown, and russet on the Dark steel towers below.  Looking out at the blood-red sunset, still visible from this height, he sighed and shook his head.  He had been reading for too long again.  God knows, these philosophical Augustine volumes had hooked him lately.
Snapping the dusty volume shut, he turned to look at the little messenger who had come to notify him.  This kid had to be, what, twelve or thirteen?  Anymore, it seemed like the Senate redirected more of his good resources toward other objectives.  Decimader knew what they were dealing with, so really, who could blame them?  That wouldn’t stop him, however, from giving them a stern talking-to.  Respectful, of course.  He had to maintain the respect; the reading had been right on point.  Past centuries had shown him the outcomes if he didn’t.
A tall man, the King towered over his subject.  His appearance surely wasn’t helping; clad in his usual all black with a silver-trimmed cape, to match his jet black hair shot through with silver and stormy-gray eyes – Decimader was often disappointed to see that he inspired more fear than hope.  Surely the legends and mythologies about the centuries-old ruler preceded him.  People just had to get to know him, he assured himself.
“Yes?” Decimader asked the boy quietly.  The boy just stared back, apparently frozen.  “You said someone was here to see me.  Who?  I don’t recall setting up any appointments this evening.”
“No… no appointment was necessary, Your Highness.  Or… no, I mean… it didn’t have to be… you didn’t want us to…”  The kid stopped, gulping.  “The First Legend isn’t supposed to need an appointment… sir.”
Ah… Decimader thought, closing his eyes.  Yes, any kid would been nervous to not only see the Hero of the realm, but the First Legend himself for the first time.  Quite understandable, considering the near-mythological reputation of the two men.  Opening his eyes, he tried to give a reassuring smile to the youth, “You’re absolutely right, kid.  Good job.  Send him on in.”
“But first”, Decimader said, stepping forward and grabbing the boy’s shoulder as he turned hurriedly to do as he was bid, “what’s your name?”  Looking into the youth’s eyes, the tall King rehearsed the philosophy to himself – Respect is not earned, it’s given.
Still trembling slightly, but a little more confident, the boy raised his head, “Nolan, sir.  I’m named after the first of the First Legends.  I’ll bring the name honor for you sir, I promise I will.”
It works, the King thought with satisfaction.  “I’ll count on it, Nolan.  Good job carrying your message.  Now, send the First in if you please.”
Exiting with a bounce in his step, Nolan shut the door quickly behind him.  Decimader smiled to himself. There’s something to tell his friends.  Setting the book down on the mahogany desk in the study, he traced his finger across the ancient golden lettering on the cover.  This book was showing promising results, looking to be the next in a long line of inspirational volumes that guided his leadership.  Yes, respect indeed did seem like a promising strategy – if limited in application.
The door opened, and then shut.  Decimader turned, eyebrows raised, to look at the First Legend; his friend, vassal, and leader of the Legion.  Though he was of middling height and middling age, the First was still in great physical shape.  Of all the current active Legends (and surely some of the retired ones that worked in the Senate and elsewhere), the current First was far and away the most powerful.  He was committed to his position with a tenacity and passion the King had rarely seen in a thousand plus years of his rule.  His loyalty was unmatched; the man was immensely driven in his role of leading the Legion, and charismatic at that.  There was just no teaching that.
The First nodded to his liege, strolling over to peer at the growing darkness outside the massive windows.  Though he was not often on missions anymore, he still tended to wear his battle gear when he wanted to keep up appearance – he must have been out in the city earlier.  Adorned in the finest blue-tinted dark steel breastplate, with a matching mail shirt, gauntlets, and greaves, he forewent only his finely worked helm, which was simply too impractical to carry around.  Decimader had to admit the man even looked like him; similar black hair and face, similar straight-backed demeanor.  A bit shorter, but more muscled and athletic than his King.  Were the King any normal man, he wouldn’t want to cross him.  
The traditional slanted L of the Legion was emblazoned in finest white on the First Legend’s breastplate and his deep blue cape.  Sheathed on his broad back and protruding over his left shoulder was the great dark steel Warhammer that every First Legend carried while active – Justice.  The weight of it, oddly enough, barely seemed to weigh him down.  He truly embraced his post – physically and mentally.
The King waited quietly, wondering what the First had to report.  An informal, private meeting between the two was rare nowadays.  In fact – Decimader didn’t think one had happened in over a year.  No use in meeting when there was nothing substantive to report on First’s end, as it pertained to his and the Legion’s central mission.  Frustratingly, it seemed like there never was. 
Finally, the First raised his head to the darkening sky and spoke…
“I think we’ve found them.”
Decimader’s breath caught in his throat.  Them?  He had formed the Legion over a thousand years ago to find one very specific individual.  They never had.  Decimader knew that this person had to be alive now, out there somewhere.  Decimader knew, he could just feel deep inside him that this person was out there.  He was far away, distant… but Decimader just knew he was there – like he knew the sun shined on the rest of the land, that the wind blew and the birds sang.  He didn’t have to be there to see it, he just knew. 
Seeing the King’s reaction, the First grew seemingly uncomfortable and raised a hand to the back of his neck.  “Right… sorry.  No, I mean…. Not them.  I mean the two Dreamcasters my Legends detected.  From the region of Hope.  The first ones ever from that region.  The last two we need to complete the requirements of the Covenant.”
Ah, Decimader thought, disappointed.  He should’ve known, shouldn’t have jumped to conclusions.  He had held out hope for the last thousand plus years that one he sought would be finally identified by the Legion and brought to him as planned.  He had, after all, formed the organization for that very purpose.  Decimader couldn’t know, of course, when the Legion was finally going to be successful in their mission.  He simply had a very strong feeling that it was going to be soon.  Very soon.  And if Decimader Vuruman knew one thing from long experience, it was to trust his intuition.
In the event that the Legion failed to complete its central objective, the King felt he had a backup plan.  Not too long ago, a mysterious engraving under the earth had been discovered and brought to his attention.  Etched in a fading black on an underground cave wall in a boiling magma pit, it did seem a very odd place for an original religious manuscript.  The religious manuscript actually – after the contents had been recorded only Decimader knew in context how important the text was.  It was the lost message left to his people thousands of years ago.  It held their future in its hands.  And he had found it.  He loved that thought.
And this Covenant did promise two individuals that would lead a second Ascendance.
“I apologize, First, my mind got carried away”, Decimader said.  
Respect – he has to know he’s done a good job.  That’s where his drive comes from.  He’s earned your respect.  Give it.  
The King of the Dreamscape continued, “However, I would like to offer you my sincere thanks.  This may be the best news I’ve heard from the Legion in quite some time, assuming these two are the ones described in the Covenant.”
“They both fit the qualifications perfectly”, the First pointed out.  “Apparently, the first two Dreamcasters from a domain who had had none in all of history were to be the two last Legends, who would find the Heir and lead the Ascendance.  Considering the circumstances, this certainly seems to be the case.”
Decimader walked over to the window to stand next to his most loyal and powerful subject, and opened the revolving door set into the clear wall, leading out onto a wide balcony.  Resting his arms on the railing, he breathed deeply stared out over the now dark capital.  He could feel him out there, like a distant heartbeat – easily tuned out but never forgotten.
Don’t worry, I’ll be seeing you soon, old friend. 
The King turned his head to look down at his loyal subject and smiled.  Clapping him on the shoulder, he began to laugh.  “Lighten up, man, you just made the most important discovery of your tenure as First Legend.  This has the potential to transition the Legion into its final and critical phase.  If these two recruits pan out as the Covenant would indicate, the Heir should be found and eliminated.  That would be something quite legendary you accomplished.”
The First still looked less than pleased with himself, though Decimader couldn’t figure out why.  This was surely the moment he’d dreamed of, right?  “I’m still not sure what to think about the Covenant as it is…”, the First started hesitantly.  
“You must have faith in the Covenant.  Faith is what gives life meaning”, Decimader proclaimed with confidence, reiterating one of his favorite volumes – Belief: A Mental Fire.  Another guiding principle of his reign.  Sometimes he wondered whether he had too many ideas and guiding principles.  Other times he felt like he needed yet more guidance.
Regardless, it was time to go.  The King needed to follow up on something that was nagging him.  He needed to go somewhere where he could focus quietly and intensely.  He knew just the spot.  
Jumping up on the balcony with a flair, The King of the Dreamscape spun and looked down on the First Legend.  “You’ve won a great victory today.  Know that you’ve rendered the greatest service to your nation, to the Legion, and to your King.  This will not be forgotten, I promise you that.  You’ve created a historic, lasting legacy today.”
The First just looked bemused at the impromptu speech.  Decimader just grinned slyly, “That’s what a King should say.  Something inspirational, or the like.  Well, that’s not my style.  Just… look on the bright side, you know?  You could have done something more mundane today, like not saving the world.  Or not doing something revolutionary.  How dull would that be?  I shudder to think of it.”
Giving one last incline of his head and raising his left hand in goodbye, Decimader Vuruman jumped off the railing, plummeting through the night with his cape flying in the wind, and looked up contentedly as the acid rain began to fall.


Chapter Seven
Lyght lay back relaxing in his woven hammock strung up in the shady tree-line along the beach, sipping on a cold citrus and coconut drink from his friend Milton’s bar, feeling the bitter yet warm aftertaste of alcohol in the funny mixture.  Your first drink as an eighteen-year-old was always a much anticipated occasion, as it was highly taboo to drink underage anywhere in the domain.  Lyght personally felt it was a little anticlimactic.  Eyeing the drink curiously, he tilted his head back and looked at his bartender friend standing behind him, waiting for his reaction.  Lyght decided to be nice about it, “Smooth mixture”, he said appreciatively, “odd combination of flavors, but very nice.  You’re of master of this stuff, my man.”
The old, grizzled bartender smiled at this – well, as much as he could anyway.  “Got to pull out all the stops for the birthday boy.  Well, man, I should say, as weird as it sounds to me.  I can’t believe you’ve been around here ten years, Lyght.  It seems like yesterday you wandered into my place, asking for directions.  Now look at you!  You and your friend here have an entire holiday celebration in your honor.”
Lyght glanced over in Mikael’s direction.  He was playing a game of sandball with a group of young men interspersed with some adolescents – a sort of keep away game with assigned territories, a ball, and a flag.  Lyght didn’t understand it completely, but knew the strategy and conditions of the game changed as the tide came in and out, along with the fact the teams could – at some cost apparently – take a risk to change the location of their team’s flag.  As Lyght watched, Mikael, barefoot and shirtless, snuck around the side and made a run at the opponents’ flag – and the sixteen-year-old guarding it.  He easily powered through the teenager and whipped the flag out of the ground, launching it towards the foamy surf.  As far as Lyght knew, once your flag went under water, your team lost.  Although an opposing-team member caught the flag mid-flight, Mikael went flying in to upend him as he landed, stealing the ball from his feet to pass back to his team.  He stood over his fallen opponent, smiling.
Show-off…
“Oh yeah, Mil.  As you can see, ‘my friend’ over there is celebrating himself – no holiday needed”, Lyght said with a hint of irony.  Nonetheless, he jumped up from his hammock and clasped Milton on the shoulder.  “Really, though, thanks.  I have a hard time believing I’m eighteen myself.  I certainly don’t feel that way.”  
Lyght looked at the celebrations and games ranging up and down the golden beach, warm sea breeze blowing through his hair.  “But come on, it’s the New Year that we’re really celebrating here, right?  The year D1120 is tomorrow.  It’s just lucky for me and Mikael that our birthdays fall on national holidays.  It lets us pretend that people celebrate for us, even when it’s not true.”  Lyght turned to the older man Milton, putting an grateful note in his voice, “This is really your celebration anyways; people like you are who raised us from the lost kids we were to the men we are now.  I’ve got you to personally thank for that Milton.”
Milton the bartender waved a hand airily, but looked appreciative all the same.  “That’s the sincerity that I’ve missed, young man.  Though I don’t feel I deserve your praise, I can’t help but be refreshed by your compliments.  Thank you.”
I wonder when I became insincere, Lyght thought wryly, looking at Mikael running circles around the same kid he got past before.  It seemed odd to him that, inseparable as they were, he and his best friend were virtually opposite personalities.  Mikael was loud and carefree, but openly kind and outgoing (if a bit overly competitive at times).  Lyght himself was more reserved, reflecting, and preferred his small circle of trusted friends and family.  Lyght didn’t hang around half the villagers like Mikael did, but he did trust the few people in his inner circle with his life.
Speaking of which…
“Milton, can I ask you do to me a favor?”, Lyght said thoughtfully.  Milton nodded.  “I haven’t told anyone this yet besides my sister, but Mikael and I are going away for… a few days after the party wraps up tonight.  You know more than anyone how hard we’ve been working and developing our skills for the last ten years.  Well, we figure that now is the time to put our abilities on the line.  I can’t say much about it, but… well, I guess what I’m trying to say is that I was hoping you would be able to keep an eye on my sister for me while I’m gone.  I know she’s got mom and dad there, but to be honest I sometimes think that I’m the only one preventing her from doing something extreme.”
“Extreme?”, Milton frowned.  “I’ve never got that impression from Sky.”
“Well…” Lyght paused, “Mikael and I were captured by pirates – yes, pirates in the Southern Ocean – on our way back from our outing last night.  Turns out they were just wannabes from around here, some villagers, but Sky has been running around with these idiots who pretend to be pirates.  I know she’s got an insatiable taste for adventure, but even you have to admit that even pretending to engage in piracy is extreme for anybody to be trying, let alone a sixteen-year-old girl.  We both know what the King does with pirates.  That’s why there aren’t any more pirates, for the most part. I just –”
Milton grabbed Lyght by the shoulders, looking him in the eyes, “Look, I’ve got you.  No need to say any more, I’ve got you covered.  Your sister will take care of herself, we both know that.  Yes, deep down you know that too, even if she’s given you more than anyone else less than a reason to trust her.”  
Milton turned to walk down the shady beach path, crowded with people making their way this way and that for the various festivities all around town.  Lyght followed, still listening to Milton speak,  “No… I’m more worried about what you’re trying to do.  Why leave now?  You know, as a man, you’re supposed to have a sacred responsibility to the village.  You know the Creed – ‘A man of the Southern Spirit does his best – for himself, his family and friends, and his village’”…
Taking a deep breath, Lyght finished “the Creed”, as the phrase was called – the same one he would utter at tonight’s initiation, “‘Warm as the wind blows, calm as the sea, this man truly knows the Summertime Dream.’”  The concept was burned into his memory, holding pride of place in his memories of the seaside village where he had spent the last ten years of his life growing up.  And now that he and Mikael were legally men by the laws and customs of the village, they would be expected to live up to the ideal 
Lyght loved that Kona had a truly unique and powerful, yet very achievable, ideal.  To be a man or woman of the “Southern Spirit” (the Creed did have a lot of Dreamcasting references), one had to simply do his best for himself, his family and friends, and the village as a whole.  The positive, collectivist mindset of the village that had so astounded young Lyght at first was rounded out with the second part, connecting the warm, tropical experience of living in Kona with the sentiment about the “Summertime Dream” (more Dreamcaster lingo).  This was intended to be the objective or end-goal of living with the “Southern Spirit” – to create a lasting, warm and inclusive life experience to the current and future generations of the little village.  Truly an idealistic, inclusive society more than any other Lyght had encountered it in his travels; Lyght loved it to death.
Lyght looked his friend and mentor in the eyes, recently having caught up to him in height.  Another sign that he was growing up, whether he liked it or not, “I know, Mil.  Believe me, I know.  It’s just… although I can’t give away our plans, believe me when I say that what we’re attempting to do is for the greater good of all of us.  In a way, that still follows the Creed, doesn’t it?  I’m not abandoning my responsibility; I’m just meeting it… elsewhere.”  Lyght paused.  What was he doing?  If he was so sure of himself, why was he seeking validation like this?  He shouldn’t need support to do what he knew he needed to do.
Shouldn’t, but apparently still did.  Milton stepped off the shady path into the sun, Lyght following.  It seemed they were headed back to Milton’s place – a small bar in a palm grove between the docks and town.  One of Lyght’s favorite places in the world.  “I don’t know, Lyght, I just don’t know.  I won’t pretend to be a role-model in this respect, or to speak on what Southern Spirit really means.  I guess I’m just more worried about the practical issues here.  Why can’t you at least tell me of your plans?”
Lyght, hesitated, not wanting to say it out loud.  When Milton kept watching him, however, he sighed and said “Because you wouldn’t understand what I’m talking about, and if you did, you wouldn’t believe me.”  Lyght looked up, “No offense, but it’s a Dreamcaster thing.  I’m not trying to be secretive, but there are certain things that most people just don’t know about.  Let me just say that Mikael and I go out at nights for a reason; we’re working on something.  You could say we have a mission to accomplish, and it’s of the highest importance.  We have to at least try it, Mil.”
Lyght stopped suddenly, thinking he’d said too much.  Looking down and kicking the tramped-down sand with his shoe, he muttered “I’m sorry.” 
Unexpectedly, the old bartender broke into a wide smile.  Pushing his young counterpart slightly in the chest, he gave a rare laugh, “No apologies needed, my friend.  I completely understand.  You are shouldering the man’s burden sooner than I would expect, but I seem to remember being a touch headstrong in my youth as well.  You and your friend will make us all proud, I’m sure of it.”
With that, he turned and said “I’ll see you at the initiation and feast tonight, kid.  I’ve got to meet up with my wife now for a bit, if you understand.  Life’s getting a bit too fast for my old self lately.”
Lyght nodded, “Yeah, Mil, thanks a lot for understanding.  I’ll see you around.”  Nodding, Milton the bartender headed west towards his bar, with his living quarters built on the second floor.   Shaking his head, Lyght turned and went the opposite direction.  Milton was a great, if odd, friend to have, but sometimes he just bolted like that.  One moment he would be putting up arguments against you, the next he would just totally capitulate to end the discussion and head out.  It was just a fact of life with him.  Plus, Lyght really did get the sense that Milton at least accepted, if not understood, his decision to leave.
Reaching down to grab a small green baby coconut, Lyght wandered somewhat aimlessly back towards town, thinking.  Bouncing the coconut in his palm, he looked up at the cloudless sky and took a deep breath. 
Two down, one to go.
Everywhere around him, evidence of the celebrations abounded.  The usual New Year’s daylong festivities were merged with the traditional coming-of-age ceremony to create one massive holiday atmosphere.  This feeling was ratcheted up further by the general feelings of adoration, awe, and admiration for the first two Dreamcasters in Kona’s history.  The first Dreamcasters in all of the Hope Domain’s history, as far as Lyght had heard.  That made this day special – very special – in the hearts of the villagers who shared in their success.
Indeed, Lyght was not going to be able to walk alone musing for long on this day.  As uncomfortable as he typically was with the extra attention, today was certainly no exception.  Sooner than a minute into his walk, a group of about a dozen or so kids ran up to him, seemingly ranging between the ages of eight and twelve.  Not too much older than me when I first came here, Lyght thought.
“Hey!  Hey Lyghtning!”, one of the older ones yelled out, running over, “Want to come play kings and robbers with us?”  
Huh?  What did he just call me?
“Did you just call me –” Lyght started.
“Lyghtning.  Because you’re fast and strong, and no one knows where you’ll strike.  You, and Mikael too.  We’re still working on his name though.  Got any ideas?  I like your nickname.  Did you come up with it all by yourself?  That’s way cool.  All the kids around town are saying it’s your new title.”  The kid spoke in a rush, words tumbling out.  The other kids around him nodded their heads fervently, agreeing with the comments.
Lyght looked them over, still a bit startled, “Um… look guys.  I never asked to be called that, and I don’t think it’s the best name so… maybe we could just call me by my first name?  I think it’s a pretty good name, as it is.”
“True”, mused the boy thoughtfully, hand on his chin.  “But forget that!  Are you gonna play or not?”
Lyght probably would’ve done it, but he really needed to go meet someone, or rather – multiple someones.  He didn’t really have time to play a game of… what was it?  And anyway, he had never been entirely comfortable with the way these kids looked at him.  Why should he be any different?  He had once been like them.  In fact, he still kind of thought he was.  Or he wanted to be.
Someone else had no such qualms about attention or adoration.  He dropped from the palms above, long blond hair flying, with a light shirt on now.  It was as if he was magnetically attracted to wherever his name was mentioned.  If there was ever someone who lived in the limelight, it was Mikael.
“Looking for another player?”, Mikael announced with arms spread wide, drawing stares of admiration from the young ones – and even a couple cheers.  Lyght slowly backed up a few steps, then said “Well, there’s that covered then.  I’ve gotta go – urgent business to catch up on.  You know.”  But no one was really listening anymore.  His charisma never had the fire the Mikael’s had.  It was funny how their strengths and weaknesses verged on total opposites.  But he wasn’t complaining. 
That was what made them such a good team.


Chapter Eight
Fireworks burst overhead, lighting up the darkening sky with burning colors and dazzling designs.  Fireflies buzzed lazily around the festive crowd providing light of their own.  It was warm year-round in Kona, so that even in the dead of winter fireflies came out every night.  Or, more accurately, twilight.  Since last night had been a Dark night, tonight was simply a normal night.  Not that anyone really knew that there was a difference between the two – all they knew was that they just had to be asleep by midnight.  Sky knew they felt the strongest compulsion to be asleep by that time – no non-Dreamcasters could disobey the urge, herself seemingly excepted, of course.  Darkness was beginning to fall now, but since it was winter, this gave the festivities still a solid six hours to go.
In the growing darkness, crowds of people – families and friends, young and old – had begun pouring into the village square in waves.  The night’s festivities were centered and based here in the square, where four massive, long tables were set up for the whole village to feast at.  The feast was not yet here though, and groups of people stood around the square; talking, telling stories, playing games, and generally having a good time.  Row upon row of villagers milled about on the exterior, generally making a favorable atmosphere for someone trying to go unseen.  
Sky walked through the crowds with her hood up, keeping an eye out for anyone she knew.  Of course, she knew who just about everyone in the village was, but only those who knew her well would recognize her instantly under her cloak – or so she hoped.  Nevertheless, it never hurt to be too careful.  Especially when you were trying to be stealthy.
It was funny, but Sky wasn’t really doing anything wrong now.  Nothing against the rules, exactly.  She was just so used to being on the wrong side of those rules that she just found herself acting naturally sketchy sometimes.  That, and the fact that she really didn’t want to be bothered right now – especially considering the occasion.  As Lyght’s sister, many people in the village often tried to reach him through her.  No, she had important things she had to keep her mind on right now.  
Ah, there he is.
Sky darted off to the side behind a game booth and around the side of a building, skirting under the awning and heading down to an alcove in the wall at the far side of it.  Here she found the one she had been looking for standing nervously in a similar cloak, albeit with his hood down.  He looked startled at Sky’s swift approach, like he considered bolting, but calmed down as she pulled her hood down and revealed her face.  Putting a section of wall between herself and the city square, Sky exhaled and looked her friend in the eye.
“Guess you didn’t have any trouble getting here, did you?”
“Trouble?”, he smiled slightly, “You and I both know this village is far from a paragon of security, and with the celebrations going on tonight, I was able to stroll in from out of town without seeing a soul until I got within a couple blocks of the square”.  
The teenage boy speaking was Max, one of her friends who also sailed aboard the Joy, amongst other things.  His full name was actually Maximilian Andronicus, but he thought (and she had to agree), that the name was kind of stupid.  He was the son of a rich merchant from Hope, but tended to spend his time running around causing trouble and generally shirking his duties as the heir to a rich and influential house.  A fairly typical story for one of Sky’s friends.  
And there was nothing technically wrong, of course, with his coming to Kona.  However, his reputation as a notorious troublemaker preceded him.  If the other villagers saw him sneaking around or crashing the celebrations, they might be upset.  
Sky would have picked another of Joy’s members from Kona, but that was not what the job required.  It wasn’t for nothing she had picked someone from farther up north in the domain.  “Look, Max, I need you to help me out with something.  It’s kind of a time consuming job, so rest assured, I’m going to pay you for it.”
“Sure thing.  What do you need?”, Max said, pretending to perk up at the possibility of money, but Sky knew better.  Max would take the mission for the adrenaline rush itself, in addition to the fact that he and Sky had been good friends for years.  He stood leaning now with his arms crossed against the back wall, brown bandana tied his messy blond hair, the sleeves of his white shirt rolled up to his elbows.  Trying so hard to be a pirate.  Sky had to suppress a smile.  
“If I told you, Max, I would have to kill you”, said Sky, glancing back around the corner at the festivities.  Looking back, she smiled at the fake look of shock on her friend’s face.  “Kidding.  But really, you can’t tell anyone, OK?  I think I’m the only one who knows about this, and this is pretty monumental information that I’d prefer not to spread around.”
“Got it.”
“Alright”, Sky took a deep breath.  “My brother, celebrated hero and newly-turned man of the village that he is”, a slight note of bitterness in her voice, “is going to leave the village after the festivities tonight and go seeking out The Dark to try and destroy it.  I know you don’t know what ‘The Dark’ is, don’t worry about it – no one does but Dreamcasters and me.  Don’t ask why”
“Anyway”, she continued on, “when he does leave, I’m pretty sure he’ll take the northwest road around and out of the domain, right past your village.  I’d like you to keep an eye out, and when they do pass, follow them – without being seen – to the edge of the domain.  Take note of where they exit the domain, and where they seem to be headed.  They don’t know you, so I’d like you to disguise yourself as a traveler, and then go meet them and try to figure out where they’re going, and what their plan is.  Once you’ve gotten all the information you can, come back and meet me at the ravine northwest of Kona, and fill me in on what you’ve learned.”
Max straightened up and leaned forward, smiling.  “What, that’s it?  Not going to ask me to chase them across another domain and a half?”
“No, that would cost too much”, Sky said, joked.  “I know all too well the rates you run for simple tasks like this. All you have to do is track the two most powerful Dreamcasters in the domain across the entire coast without being detected.  I mean, come on!”  She sighed in mock exasperation.
Max leaned back against the wall, arms crossed, “Oh yeah, piece of cake.  Give me a more difficult one next time, why don’t you?  Oh wait, that would cost too much, wouldn’t it?”
Shoving him on the shoulder playfully, Sky threw her hood back up and turned to leave.  “Honestly, I could afford it, but I would miss out on the fun part.  Can’t give you everything here, sorry Max.”
“The fun part?”, he asked.
“Once you bring me back all the information, I will track them down and capture them, at any cost.”  Seeing the incredulous smile on his face, Sky pressed on.  “And I’m not backing down just because they’re Dreamcasters.  To be honest, their power makes them overconfident.  And overconfidence and complacency is something I know how to exploit.  Give me a shot, and I swear I can reel these guys in.  Damn it, they’re too important to this village to leave now, we need them!”
Laughing and turning to wipe a tear out of her eye, Sky exhaled and drew herself up straight.  “I’ll trust you to get the job done Max.  Come back with good information, and maybe I’ll take you with me on part two of this mission.  That would pay even better.  But, for the excitement alone, I’m sure it would be worth it to you.
With that, Sky ran out of the little alcove, emerging out from underneath the awning into the bustling and pulling her hood down.  Little to her surprise, an elderly couple accosted Sky immediately, and began to reminisce at length about when she and her brother were young.  She just smiled and nodded as she was expected to, all the while thinking to herself.
You’re not gonna run out on us now, brother.


Chapter Nine
A heavenly aroma blasted Lyght as he stood talking with a small group of villagers, trading stories and enjoying drinks.  Turning, he saw the source of the powerful scent.  The feast had finally come – a dozen plus chefs and their servants were coming down the main street carrying giant platters of food, four to six people to a platter.  People began to cheer and made way at the edges to let the cooks and volunteers into the square.  Making their way to the four long center tables, they set down the platters and quickly arranged them in the proper way.  Then the head cook, Morton, turned and motioned with both arms for the villagers to come seat themselves.  They obliged willingly; men, women, and children pouring into the center for the annual New Year’s Feast.  The highly-anticipate feast, coupled with the gifts ceremony for Lyght and Mikael, made it quite the event this year.
And it seemed that Morton and his crew had pulled out all the stops accordingly.  Kona was known particularly for its seafood, and that was certainly in abundance here.  Brown-sugar grilled salmon, marinated tilapia, even some odd-looking octopus/squid type thing, along with copious amounts of steaming shellfish – fried clams, scallops, buttered crab legs and lobster.  A wide variety of other foods – ordinary to delicacy – ranged the rest of the tables as well.  Fresh cut steaks, vats of steamed vegetables pitched in from local gardens, and of course the signature tropical fruits to go with the absolute mounds of chocolate, raspberry, and cinnamon desserts, among much more.
Seating himself next to Mikael at the head of the table, Lyght turned to Sky on his right, “How’s this for you?  Make you want to think about actually attending these New Year’s Feasts sometimes?”  However, he punctuated this with a laugh, shaking his little sister’s shoulder.  “Really, good to have you here this year.” 
Sky just punched him lightly on the arm.  “I’m not gonna skip your eighteenth birthday party, come on.  I’m not that low.”  Mikael shook his head, as if to indicate what he thought of that.  “Really, Mike?  I’m more dependable that you are.  Tch.  Seriously.”  Mikael just laughed to himself, “Kidding, kidding”.
By this time, everyone had seated themselves.  Morton raised his arms, silencing the chattering crowd.  Micah, as the village leader, was expected by custom to try the food first to deem it fit for the occasion.  This was his first year as the leader actually.  His good friend Derran, the last village leader, had died almost a year ago now.  Micah cleared his voice and announced, “Another year, another great feast to gather ourselves around.  This seems like the point where I make a very inspirational, sentimental speech about the past year, and all we’ve accomplished and still hope to accomplish.  But, well, this isn’t a normal year, so I won’t do the normal bit.  However, I will bring up the obvious, yet monumental fact we that we have not one, but two young members of our village come of age today!”
Applause sounded out from the villagers at this.  Lyght’s dad (really, Sky’s dad – the one who raised him) – a short and balding, but good-natured man stood up at this and proclaimed, “A toast then!  To their future great success – may they make the village proud with their unrivaled determination and talents!”  The villagers enthusiastically took up the toast, and drank down their wine in good spirits.  It still threw Lyght off-guard, if pleasantly so, to hear his name yelled out all at once.  Regardless, he couldn’t help smiling to himself.
“Now, let’s get the excellent feast started, why don’t we?”  Micah reached down and cut off a small piece of the brown-sugar salmon, bringing it up to his mouth.  Trying the morsel, he chewed appreciatively, then gave the double thumbs up to Morton, ritual complete.  
A great scraping of forks, knives, and plates rang out as the entire village passed food around and dug in.  Despite the mounds of delicious food and pitchers of every drink imaginable, ample conversation still abounded among the tables.  Lyght himself got drawn into a discussion with Mikael’s dad Geoffrey (the one who adopted him, that is), about the particulars of Dreamcasting and how it worked.  Lyght would have thought Geoffrey’d had these discussions with Mikael before, but Lyght always did do a better job of explaining the powers than Mikael did.  Though he had a great feel for the ability and innate talent, Mikael often ignored its laws or limitations more than Lyght thought was wise.
“What amazes me so much”, Geoffrey, was saying, “is that you guys can pretty much do anything.  It’s really quite unfair.  I mean, when I’m dreaming, I can control whatever happens to me if I try hard enough.  The laws of the real world don’t apply, so I can be and do whatever I want.  The fact that you and Mikael can do the same thing while awake is what astounds me.   I still don’t understand how that’s possible.”
“To be honest, I’m not sure how it’s possible either”, Lyght admitted, cutting up a piece of rare steak and trying it, savoring the flavor.  Swallowing, he said “However, it’s not really the same.  We can’t do whatever we want.  We can only do things within strict time and power limits.  For example, we have two hours of ability when fully stocked at the strength of one version of ourselves.  As we increase our strength and speed, the spirit time we lose is proportional to the increase in power.  For example, if I have two hours stocked, I can have the strength of twenty versions of myself, but only for six minutes.  Alternatively, I could have five times the strength for twenty four minutes.  It can be hard to gauge sometimes.  Pretty significant drawback, if you ask me.”
Lyght looked over at Mikael to his left, “Well, why ask me?  My buddy here hasn’t told you the limitations of his power?  Scared of losing the mystique?”  Mikael just shook his head and kept an indifferent demeanor, imitating Lyght’s usual response to Mikael’s usual prodding and making fun.  “No”, Mikael said, “it’s about keeping secrets from my enemies.  I deeply fear those who could defeat me.  I prefer to be conservative in such matters”.  Unfortunately, his wide smile gave away just how much he actually believed what he was saying.  False modesty was not a weapon in Mikael’s arsenal nearly so much as Lyght’s, and it showed.  Geoffrey, however, knew Mikael well enough to see through his antics.
“Very funny, Mikael”, Geoffrey said, rolling his eyes in between bites of scallops.  “It somehow doesn’t surprise me that the downsides of Dreamcasting seem insignificant for you to mention.  Just how the downsides of anything seem insignificant for you to mention.  I wish I had that kind of outlook when I was in my prime.”  He paused, chewing slowly, “Hang on a second.  I’ve just had an idea.  What if Dreamcasting ability is acquired through your outlook?  What if it’s possible for anyone to dream while awake instead of asleep, if only you believe it to be possible?”
“No.”, Lyght shook his head.  “I’m not sure how Dreamcasting abilities are acquired, but it’s definitely not that.  I can’t confirm this, because I never tried Dreamcasting until I was eight, but I think it might be genetic.  My father had it.  Seems highly unlikely we would both have such a rare ability, doesn’t it?  
And anyway”, Lyght moved his right index finger above the table, tracing a small grove in it without ever touching the wood, “Dreamcasting is really the manipulation of energy and matter within limits, rather than a dream, per se.  It’s not like you literally dream while awake instead of asleep.  The connection, I guess, is that manipulating the matter and energy of the world – while not needing to sleep like a normal person – is, in a way, like having the creative control and power that someone has in their dreams.  Or, at least, that’s how I understand it.  I won’t claim to be an expert in the subject.”
Raising his eyebrow slightly, Geoffrey took him at his word, “Not an expert?  You sure sound like one.”  Lyght just shook his head modestly and turned to try some interesting-looking pineapple and coconut dessert.  He knew he shouldn’t be eating dessert already, but he couldn’t help himself.  The feast was so diverse and extravagant that he was just attempting to try little bits of everything to make sure he didn’t miss out.  All around him, talk swirled as people traded stories and laughs, facilitated by the random seating arrangement (outside of the birthday pair and their families, of course).  Every year, you would meet new people at the New Year’s Feast if nothing else.  Or, as Kona was a small village where everyone knew everyone, get to know your neighbors better.
When everybody was well into desserts, Lyght leaned back, pleasantly full, and rested his hands behind his head, looking up.  It was dark out now, but not Dark yet.  That never happened until midnight.  He knew that everyone would already be asleep by then.  They had, perhaps, two hours until then.  Glancing around curiously, Lyght started scanning the tables for Milton, not seeing him.  It was a large gathering, and Lyght figured he could simply be missing him.  Somehow, however, he didn’t feel like that was the case.  Frowning, Lyght turned as he felt a tug on his sleeve.  Sky.
“Hmmm?”, he asked his little sister.
She pointed, and Lyght followed her indication, seeing Micah on his feet with arms spread out – about to make an announcement.  Lyght thought he knew what it was.
As the villagers noticed their leader on his feet, they quieted down and waited with anticipation.  “Ladies and gentlemen, first and foremost, let’s give the wonderful Morton and his team and heartfelt round of applause for that excellent feast we just partook in!”  Cheers went up, and the village gave a standing ovation.  This had been the best New Year’s Feast in anyone’s memory.  Blushing slightly, Morton stood and bowed, indicating for his associates to do the same, before returning to his seat.  As soon as the villagers quieted down, Micah continued.
“And now, for the moment many of you – two of you in particular – have all been waiting for.  On behalf of myself, Junior Leader Eryck, Chief-Administrator Robyn, and all of you, I would like to welcome forward the two young candidates to come on up for the initiation ceremony.  Give a big round of applause for Kona’s very own: Lyght and Mikael!”
An even louder standing ovation accompanied this announcement, as Lyght and Mikael got up and headed down opposite sides of the middle table towards Micah standing in the front.  Mikael was high-fiving people all the way down; Lyght just looked straight ahead, trying not to smile too openly.  He wasn’t sure if he was doing a great job of that.  
Reaching the front just behind Mikael, Lyght held back a second as Mikael shook hands with the village leader, then stepped up and did the same, looking him in the eyes.  “Ready?”, the older man asked quietly.  “Ready as I’ll ever be”, Lyght responded, trying to look excited and not nervous.  Micah nodded firmly back to him, squeezing his shoulder a little bit.  
As quiet gradually fell over the crowd.  Micah raised his arms and began the official ceremony.  “Gathered here today we have not one, but two prospective young men whom we have seen grow up before our very eyes.  Each is very unique is many aspects, for while neither was born here in the village, they have grown over the past ten years to become just as an important part of it as any man here.  
Micah turned to Mikael, standing to his left with his arms clasped behind his back, “I remember meeting Mikael for the first time; he was exiting the back window of a building during my morning stroll.  We got to talking and, taking an interest to this new face, I allowed him to accompany me on my walk down the beach, asking who he was and where he came from.  Not the most tactful questions at the time, I now know, but he was not hesitant in the least to tell me.  He has never hesitated to open up to anyone, even to the complete stranger as I was at the time.  I bring this story up with some trepidation, as I had no idea I was assisting him in skipping detention at the time.”
The crowd laughed, and Micah made a show of walking up to Lara, the longtime teacher in the front row, and apologizing for his mistake.  Strict as she was in class, however, she laughed it off with the rest.  Turning back to the podium in front, Micah began again, “And let us not forget the strong-and-silent young man on the right here.  As his strength has grown, his silence has steadily eroded, to a degree.  Why, I think I heard him actually say something last week; although when I turned around, I couldn’t figure out for sure whether it was him or my imagination.  I’m not that young anymore, people!”  Laughs rang out again.  Micah was not a comedian by any stretch of the imagination, but his warm demeanor made him pleasant to listen to nonetheless.  
“I remember being introduced to Lyght for the first time, a decade ago, when I ran into Mikael for the second time, hiking up in the mountains to the west.  Of course, you have to purchase a boat trip to get over there fast enough, so I’m still not sure how these two were up there as eight-year-olds.”  He turned to look at Mikael, frowning as more laughter rang out, “Regardless, I couldn’t help but noticing that when I met this new kid and asked his name, he made an explicit point of spelling it out before saying it.  ‘L-Y-G-H-T’, he said, ‘that’s Lyght’.  Perhaps he anticipated my follow-up question, but that didn’t prevent me from asking it.  ‘What, like the stuff from the sun that helps you see?’  He made a very forceful point that no, he was talking about the name, not the noun.  Although I think he may be the only person in history with that name, I do like it.  I really do.”
“And I’m sure we could all stand up here ‘til we get gray hair talking about these two”, Micah paused, evidently noticing the irony in his phrase.  “Oh look, it’s happened already!”  More laughs.  “Well, anyway, without further ado we will now commence the initiation process.  Eryck, the cornerstone, if you please.”
The Junior Village-Leader-in-Training Eryck went to go fetch the traditional initiation object – the cornerstone of the sea wall that had been the first structure built in what would become Kona.  According to legend, this first rock was carved out and laid down by Kona himself, the founder and first leader of the village named in his honor.  Bringing the worn stone up and placing it on the small table, Eryck putting an encouraging hand on Lyght and Mikael’s shoulders for a second, and then withdrew.  By tradition, the village leader Micah and the candidates Mikael and Lyght put their right hands, one on top of the other, on the cold stone.  
“As village leader of Kona, I – Micah – hereby affirm the hard work and dedication of Lyght and Mikael to the village, and confirm their application to the brotherhood of men in this village.”  He then added on another untraditional bit – “we are extremely proud of their success and have even more faith in their continued growth and success in the future, that we may share in their happiness as we go through the years as a community.”
“Now, Lyght and Mikael, speak aloud the Creed and affirm your Spirit as men of Kona”.
Taking a deep breath, the two friends spoke together:

“A man of the Southern Spirit – 
Does his best.
By himself
His family and friends
And his village

Warm as the wind blows
Calm as the sea
This man truly knows
The Summertime Dream.

Finishing the phrase, the tradition was completed as Micah and the two new men of Kona launched their rights hands off the stone and into the air.  The crowd jumped to their feet, cheering for their two sons in all but blood.  Although Lyght knew rationally that most initiations were very celebratory (albeit not quite at this level), he still couldn’t stop himself from reveling in the glory of the moment as he pumped his fist and did as Mikael would have, running down the first row high-fiving the people he had grown up with and come to know.  Mikael followed his lead down the front row, seemingly surprised that Lyght was enjoying the attention so much.
As selfish as it was, Lyght still felt on top of the world with the whole village cheering his name.  Joining the crowd with a grin, he accepted a glass of champagne and began to walk around toasting various villagers to the New Year, exchanging fist bumps and high-fives with his friends and elders.  For a moment, just a moment, he thought he saw a glimpse of his future as he welcomed in a new year with his family and friends.  
How very wrong he was.


Chapter Ten
As Micah was beginning his announcement to call her brother and Mikael up to the front, Sky glanced around at the villagers, taking in their excitement.  She leaned back, trying to channel that same excitement, but it just wouldn’t come.  What was wrong with her?  She should be excited for Lyght right now, she acknowledged.  This ceremony and the celebrations afterward were always one of the most memorable parts of a village member’s life in the seaside town – transitioning from a boy to a man, a girl to a woman, was one event that kids looked forward to with equal parts apprehension and anticipation for at least a year leading up to the event.  She should be supporting her brother right now openly.  While a part of her did support him, she regretfully acknowledged the fact that a selfish voice inside her kept whispering “but he’s ditching you right afterward”. 
I just wish I knew what he was doing, Sky thought with annoyance.  As honorable and upright as her brother had always been (she could surely not claim the same), she had never known him to be so rash about his decision-making.  Didn’t he know what he was getting himself into?  Didn’t he understand that the greatest primordial force in the land couldn’t get suddenly erased because two boys wanted it to be?  Boys or men, it didn’t matter.  You just didn’t fight a law of nature.  In fact, as far as Sky could tell, she couldn’t tell why her brother wanted to fight anything.  To put his abilities to greater use, perhaps?  From what she could tell, her brother thoroughly enjoyed his life in the village, as most did.  According to Lyght and Mikael (who had traveled, albeit separately, in their youth), Kona was very special in this respect.  Why throw that away for something like this?  The only answer – vague as it was – that she could see was that Lyght’s past was driving him to get revenge for what he had lost.  That seemed very out of character for him though.  If nothing else, her brother didn’t live for spite.
Shaking her head, Sky looked up to the dimming light in the west.  The sun had since set, and twilight was solidly upon them.  She stared hard at the horizon, but couldn’t see a speck of what she knew was coming very soon – The Dark.  One never could see it unless they were awake when they weren’t supposed to be.  As a result Sky knew The Dark would set in as soon as the rest of the world fell into their mandatory, deep trancelike state that they felt so obligated to retreat to every other night at midnight.  
Sky had never felt that same urge.  Why she was different, she couldn’t tell.  To her knowledge, only Dreamcasters could stay awake while the Dark reigned.  As she clearly wasn’t a Dreamcaster, it baffled her than she should retain this ability as well.  She didn’t complain however, much of her planning and scheming was easier to develop during Dark hours when no one was around to watch.  That – and she just liked the freedom, albeit lonely freedom, that these nights brought.
Turning away, Sky leaned back and waited as Micah rolled through his speech, reminiscing about Lyght and Mikael.  Searching for nothing in particular, she scanned the rooftops surrounding the village square.  She admired the way the dusky twilight hit the stone buildings of the inner city (although most of the surrounding city had thatched roofs).  As her eyes passed over a sandstone building due west, she just caught a figure move just slightly along the rooftop.  Coming out from nowhere to stand with his back to the chimney and watch the proceedings, the figure was silhouetted by the dying light.  She could still see who it was.  Milton.
The intrigue was too strong.  Why would he be watching from up there, instead of down in the market square with the rest of the villagers?  In fact, she couldn’t remember seeing him at the feast either.  Waiting until everyone was distracted by one of Micah’s jokes, Sky slid off of her chair stealthily, rolling backwards and making a beeline for the alley below the building, and the awning that hung there.  The same place she’d met Max before.  Luckily, her position near the head of the table at the back, closest to Milton’s location, made it possible for her to sneak away without being seen – immediately, that was.  Surely some people would see her slip into the alleyway, but who cares?  Her stealth was good enough to get the job done.  It nearly always was.
Reaching the alleyway in a flash, Sky moved swiftly back to the alcove where she had met Max.  Putting a wall between her and the crowd, she jumped up and grabbed the awning, pulling herself up on top of it, then did the same again to emerge onto the rooftop.  Hopefully no one would notice her up here.  And really, if they did, she could just say she needed to talk to Milton.  She did actually.  Still, this was probably not a very good time to be sneaking away.
Milton saw her jump up.  He turned and smiled – well, as much as he could, anyway.  “Look what we have here.  Escaped already, have you?”
Sky snorted and walked up next to him, watching the proceedings down in the square.  “Yeah, right.  I just wanted to talk to you about something, and unfortunately it can’t really wait.  I need your help on a plan of mine.  Concerning my brother of course.  You see, he–”
Milton raised his hand, stopping her.  “I know.  He told me him and his friend Mikael were leaving the village right after the ceremony.  I don’t know why he’s doing it, but he did say that he told you about it.”
“Well?”, Sky prompted, looking at him pleadingly.  “What can we do?  We can’t let him run out on us now.  We need him here.”
Milton shook his head, “As much as I hate to say it, that’s not exactly true.  We don’t need him here.  You want him here, and very understandably so; he is your brother.  However, I think he sincerely feels that he has a mission to undertake that only he can accomplish.  I don’t know what it is exactly, but I believe he’s telling the truth.”
“Look, you’ll understand better when you get a bit older, Sky, but in life, we all just have that one thing that we need to chase after.  Some call it destiny.  I don’t know about that, but what I do know is that it’s necessary.  And running from it won’t make it go away.  We all have to face up to that one thing that calls to us, even if often it doesn’t make much logical sense to those around us, or even ourselves.”
He put a hand on Sky’s shoulder, “I’m sorry, but I can’t help you.  If you’re willing to take my advice, I think you should let your brother go, for now.  He will be back, I promise you.”
Sky just shook her head.  That was the problem.  She didn’t know if he was coming back.  How could you do something like he was planning and then… come back?  Sky was certain that he wouldn’t stop trying until he was successful.  Especially with that bull-headed friend of his.  The two of them together didn’t back down easily.  She just had this feeling that they would either chase this mission fruitlessly in vain, or die in the attempt.  And that was one thing she wouldn’t tolerate.
As Sky searched for something to say, the traditional initiation below climaxed as Lyght and Mikael whipped their right arms off the cornerstones, the crowd going wild.  Lyght went running around celebrating.  Celebrating, when he was about to run out on them all.  How could he consider this?  Didn’t he know what he was up against?  Didn’t he understood what impossible meant?  Didn’t he…
All of a sudden, a bright flash of light and barrage of sound erupted on the now empty stage, so intense and brilliant that it blinded Sky as she doubled over in shock.  It took her almost half a minute, head ringing, before she took her hands off her ears and opened her eyes, looking down in disbelief at the square below.  Who, or what, could set off such as blast?
She saw who instantly.  Enormous in his heavy armor, he cast a gigantic shadow in the dim light over the shell-shocked villagers.  The smoky, dark blue of his intricate plate armor, the gigantic dark steel sword slung across his broad back, and his straight-backed posture made him quite the intimidating and awe-inspiring sight amongst all the sun-tanned villagers in their light cloth garments.  The slanted white “L” emblazoned on his breastplate screamed the message loud and clear; one that the villagers were nothing short of awestruck to receive.  Something none of them had ever seen, nor anyone else in the long history of the Hope domain.  A tale come true.
A real, live Legend.


Chapter Eleven
Lyght froze in shock as he turned, looking upon a real Legend for the first time in his life.  A member of the King’s Legion, that elite and secretive organization his father had lived – and unfortunately died – seeking out.  Of course, as there was very little information to go around on Legends, Lyght’s own mental picture of what a real one would look like was not very accurate to the real version.  The only thing he’d anticipated was the flowing deep blue cloaks Legends were famed for wearing.  
The rest of the outfit was equally, if not more, impressive.  From his deep, intricate, impenetrable wall of armor to the massive dark steel behemoth slung across his back, this man (or could he even be called a man anymore?) looked equal parts awe-inspiring and terrifying.  However, come to think about it, Lyght didn’t think Dreamcasters were supposed to be larger or stronger than the average human.  The fact that this one stood a good three or four inches taller than Mikael, with a frame to match, suggested he was physically an anomaly in addition to being gifted with Dreamcasting power.
In short, he had to be just as lethal as he looked.
Lyght had been shaking hands with some villagers in the third row when the explosion of light and sound had erupted.  By the time he had stood up, he’d seen the looks on his neighbors faces, and knew before he turned to look that he was about to see something incredible.  He wasn’t wrong.
However, the Legend himself, whoever he was, didn’t seem to have nearly the same amount of interest in the villagers.  After a cursory glance to check that he had indeed gotten their attention (how could he not have?), he turned on his heel and began to walk with a surprisingly quiet step towards one of the alleys surrounding the square.  The villagers just watched him go, speechless.  As the Legend reached the mouth of the alley, he paused, half-shrouded in darkness in the dimming light, and spoke for the first time.
“Would you two – you know who you are – follow me at this time?  Come alone.”
He had a quiet, almost bored voice that they had to strain to hear.  It didn’t seem to match up very well with his imposing stature.  Regardless, he stepped into the darkness and retreated a moment later, heading south through the village.  A moment of the loudest silence lingered, and then broke.  People everywhere broke out into urgent whispers, though the Legend was surely too far away to hear them by now.
“Did you see that?”
“Do you think he was even real?  Could’ve been an illusion.”
“Come on, how would you fake something like that?”
“The size of him though...”
Amidst the noise, Lyght looked around for Mikael.  He spotted him back in the sixth row to the left, and met his eyes with the same question that he was sure Mikael was thinking too.
Should we go?
Lyght saw no other options.  Either this was the real deal, or alternatively, some trap to draw them out.  As far as Lyght knew however, Mikael and himself didn’t have any enemies.  If it turned out they did, it might be good to go find out who those enemies were.  If he was the real thing, Lyght just burned to find out why he wanted to talk to them.  As it was, there was no doubt in Lyght’s mind who the Legend had been referring to when he said “you two”.
Mikael nodded, and Lyght did the same back.  Turning around, he picked his way past the milling crowd and towards the alleyway where the Legend had disappeared.  A few noticed him going, and tried to say something, but he just waved them away saying “It’s fine… no really, it’s no problem.”
As he broke free of the crowd, he and Mikael converged and walked over to and down the alleyway the Legend had taken, crowd still buzzing behind them.  They couldn’t see where he had gone, so they just took the cobblestone main road.  By the time they reached the sandy beach path, he was still nowhere to be seen.  However, enormous, deep footprints were embedded in the path, heading down towards the beach.  In the growing darkness, it was somewhat hard to see, but the evidence was there.  They followed the path, glancing down every little while to make sure the tracks were still there.  After about five minutes or so, they emerged onto the Dark sandy beachfront outside the village.
He was there, standing tall and proud with his navy blue cape – emblazoned with the slanted Legion L – flying behind him in the wind.  It was much windier out here on the beach – the weather conditions often became more extreme when The Dark was on its way.  Putting a hand in his eyes to protect them from the sand kicking up in the wind, Lyght walked carefully and quietly up to the Legend.  The giant of a man stood like a statue, not saying a word, apparently just watching the sea.  Lyght couldn’t tell what his was thinking under than massive helm.  Lyght came up on his right, Mikael on his left.  Lyght took a step forward, looking up at the armored behemoth.
“You asked for us?”
Mikael snorted, and came around to plant himself right in the Legend’s vision.  “What my too-passive friend here is trying to say is, it seems crazy that a near-mythological figure nothing short of, well, legendary would not only crash our party, but steal us away from it.  Talking to us seems like kind of a mundane task for one so… vaunted.  So, armored hero that you undoubtedly want us to think you are – what could possibly be so important as to talk to us now?  I was enjoying my five minutes of fame, you know.”  Mikael said this last part with an air of sarcasm, pretending to look upset.  Lyght knew that five minutes of fame to Mikael was about the same as five minutes of his regular life.  It made Lyght kind of uncomfortable that he could say the same about himself.
Still, the Legend just stood there and said nothing.  Lyght knew they needed to get this guy to talk.  They needed to find out whether he was friend or foe.  It seemed clear that Mikael thought he was a foe.  Lyght was prepared to give him the benefit of the doubt, but the whole thing just seemed so extraordinary.  How could he roam the land for his whole young life with his father and never find these people, and yet one suddenly appeared?  It did seem very odd.
Finally, the Legend spoke in that same quiet voice “I’m no hero.  I’m just here doing my job.  However, I can assure you two that the timing of this visit is no accident.”
He reached up with both hands, grasping the heavy, intricate helm with both hands, and pulled it off.  He was revealed to be a fairly young man – maybe late twenties – with deep green eyes and a flowing mane of dirty blond hair that streamed out from where he had been keeping it under his helmet.  
Tucking his helm under his right arm, he spoke again, in a solemn voice that seemed at odds with his apparently young age, “I come, obviously, on behalf of the King’s Legion to make you two an offer.  The King keeps tabs on every Dreamcaster in the realm, few that there are, until they come of age at eighteen.  The more promising ones, and that includes you two, get a visit from me and this offer.  I hereby invite you to enroll in the Legion Academy in the capital city of Glory in the Pride domain, to train under me, the instructor, and my staff.”
Lyght was surprised by the sudden announcement, but he supposed he shouldn’t have been.  The appearance of a Legend wasn’t something that tended to coincide with anything less than the extraordinary.  The hulking Legend in blue continued, “This is a great honor.  Not every Dreamcaster gets selected for this opportunity.  This means the King envisions the possibility that you two may one day serve in the Legion in pursuit of its vital mission, and be ordained Legends in your own right.  To do so, however, you have to be one of the even fewer number who complete the strenuous program and pass the final test.”
“Wait”, Mikael put in, shaking his head.  Mikael looked the Legend in the eyes, and at his height, he didn’t have to look that far, “You speak of your ‘mission’.  Is that what I think it is?  Because if it is, it’s something we considering doing ourselves anyway.  If we can do it as official Legends, that’s the perfect situation.  The Legion is charged with protecting the people against The Dark, and ultimately defeating it, right?”
The Legend continued to look out to sea, but Lyght thought he looked somehow… startled.  But pleased.  
After a few moments, the Legend spoke in his solemn voice.  “That’s just the story that goes around about why we exist, and what we do.”  See, the truth is, if everybody was allowed to know everything about us and what we do, then we wouldn’t be such a secret, ‘elite’ organization after all, would we?  Suffice it to say that what we do is of the highest importance to the protection of the Dreamscape and its people.  If you accept the offer, which I anticipate you should, and complete the program to join the Legion, then we will fill you in on the specifics of our mission.”
All of a sudden, before they could say more, the Legend began to… fade from the space he occupied.  Very quickly.  As he was going out, he turned back to them to look them in the eyes for the first time, hair flying in the wind.
“You could be the first Legends from the Hope Domain in the history of the Dreamscape.  Just think about that.  Think, and I’ll be back for your answer in exactly one week’s time.”
“Choose wisely.”
End of Part I


Chapter Twelve
Five days.
How could someone mull over a problem non-stop for five straight days, and come up with absolutely nothing?  It was frustrating.  Exhaling in annoyance, Lyght dropped back from his sitting position and laid down in the grass.  Legs dangling over the precipice of a white rock outcrop overlooking the yellow sand beaches and rushing ocean, Lyght just tried to slow down and think.  It seemed like that was all he was doing recently.  Thinking.  It didn’t seem to be working. 
Looking up at the deep blue sky and listening to the rushing tide, Lyght simply tried to clear his mind and relax.  He couldn’t remember the last time he had relaxed.  Before their excursion to the new mountain range?  He couldn’t tell for sure.  What he could tell, however, was that the visit from the Legend five days ago had his mind burning itself to cinders.  Lyght was trying to decide the critical question: Should he and Mikael follow their previous plan to track down and destroy the source of the Dark, or accept this unexpected (to say the least) invitation to join this Legion Academy?  
What if they chose to join the Legion Academy, and they failed to make the cut into the actual Legion?  But, they could fail at trying to destroy the Dark too, right?  Lyght hadn’t thought of the possibility of failure in this mission before, but recent events had seemed to bring out self-doubt he didn’t even know he had.  He just seemed confused lately.
What did you do when a dead dream from your past came back in full force, to set itself solidly against the dreams of your present?  
On one hand, Lyght was very tempted to take whatever small chance he had to join the Legion.  It had been his father’s dream before his death; the entire point of their travels had been to find the elusive group of elite warriors.  Even after the night his father had died, a little piece of that dream had always lived on in Lyght himself.  Sometimes ignored, forgotten, or looked over – but never gone. Lyght had become well-practiced at telling that part of himself to stay silent.  That was getting much harder now.
He could become a real, live Legend.  Just the sound of that thrilled him, yet made him feel burning guilt at the same time.  Wasn’t he supposed to be focused on using his abilities for the benefit of the villagers?  The Legend, if in fact he was a real one, had said that the common wisdom that the Legends fought against the Dark was untrue.  
What was their mission then?  Lyght just couldn’t see what it could possibly be.  Whatever it was, it had to be really important.  But how did he make a decision to join them based on such a shaky premise?  Lyght felt like he just needed more before he could commit to that path.  That’s what logic told him, anyway.  He was annoyed to realize that his consideration of joining the Legion Academy was based very little on logic.
Sighing and sitting up, Lyght pushed himself lightly off the edge of the white cliff, plummeting the fifty or so feet towards the beach below.  Subconsciously using just a touch on gravity, he slowed enough to land comfortably on the warming sand, glowing a soft gold in the morning sun.  Lyght began to walk down the beach absentmindedly, thinking.  Again.  He guessed he had come here because the ocean view always seemed to help him reflect.  It connected with him on a deep level; calmed him and helped him deal with problems and come up with solutions. 
But so far, the solutions were nowhere to be found.  Lyght strolled down the sands, high tide coming up to submerse his bare feet and ankles, his hair and shirt whipping in the sea breeze.  It felt good.  To think that he would be leaving here one way or another the day after next shocked him still.  But… where was he going?  He had to know.
As he continued his walk, Lyght picked up a smooth, curved white shell and looked at it ponderingly.  Lyght remembered days walking around down on the beach on weekends (or even skipping class on weekdays) building sand castles, swimming in the ocean… and even holding shell-skipping contests.  This would’ve been a perfect shell for one of those days.  Testing its weight for a moment, Lyght winged it across the waves with a hand tempered by years of practice.  He counted… 6 skips.  
Weak.  I thought I was better than that…
After staring out at the waves for a few moments in disgust, Lyght shook his head and turned to continue his walk along the beach, as a voice rang out behind him “Hey, Lyght?  How’s it going?”  Turning, he saw his mom and dad (he called them that; they were really Sky’s parents, the ones who raised him), walking towards him along the beach.  They must have been out for their regular morning walk.  Lyght himself had come out here well before dawn.  Had he really been out here that long?
“Fine”, Lyght said noncommittally, walking up to the pair who had housed him, cared for him and raised him the last ten years here in Kona – Henre and Janna.  Sky’s mother Janna, who had spotted Lyght moments earlier, walked up with a look of slight concern in her eye.  “Are you OK, Lyght?  You look like you haven’t slept very well.  You could come home for a while, you know.”
“I really don’t…”, Lyght began, but he paused, sighing.  “I just… sorry.  I have some tough decisions to make.  I was going to tell you what I decided, and about what, once I had this all figured out.  It’s proving really difficult though.  I just need some more time to think.”
“Now, Lyght, come on”, Henre said, walking up and putting a hand on Lyght’s shoulder, “we both know you have a tendency to over-think things.  Don’t stress about it, things like this are what we’re here to help with.  What’s the issue here?”  
Lyght still paused, unsure.  “You can tell us, Lyght”, Henre said, “You know that.”  Lyght finally just sighed, resigned, and turned to look out to sea.
“You’re right.  Like I said, I was going to tell you after I make my decision.  But look, I know better than anyone what you guys sacrificed to raise me when I had no one else.  You guys and Sky are a big part of the reason I can call this village home.”  Henre and Janna looked somewhat startled to hear this open sincerity from Lyght, but nodded appreciatively all the same.  
Lyght took a deep breath and continued, “I’ve already told Sky this, but Mikael and I were planning, anyway, to leave the village for an extended period of time immediately following our coming-of-age ceremony.  We were going to take on a very important mission; one that only we can work on.  I can’t tell you exactly what this mission is – because it wouldn’t really make sense to you – but believe me when I tell you that it was for the good of the village, and everyone here.”  Lyght paused, relieved to see they still looked mostly understanding, if a bit confused.
Lyght went on, “However, the appearance of that Legend at the ceremony… changed things.  You see, he came to invite us to return with him to the capital, where we would enroll in the Legion Academy and undergo a training program there, in hopes of being one of the small amount of Dreamcasters to successfully make it through and join the Legion.”
Silence for a few moments.
After exchanging a glance with Janna, Henre laughed out loud, “Wow, that’s incredible!  Even I know that’s a big deal, Lyght.” 
“Yeah, I know”, Lyght replied, looking down.  “Look, you both know how important the idea of joining the Legion used to be to me.  You also both know how I’ve sort of… let it go in recent years.  I believed I had to.  I moved on to other goals; things just as, if not more, important.  I was supposed to be past this.”
Lyght kicked at the sand with his foot.  “I guess I’m just disappointed in myself for even considering the offer.  I shouldn’t be putting my own goals before those of the village.  This wasn’t the plan.  I just…”
“Hold it, Lyght”, Henre broke in.  He looked at his wife Janna, “I think I speak for us both when I say you should do what you truly want to do, regardless of what you think you should be doing.  I may be wrong, but it seems to me that you truly want to join this Legion Academy, but you also feel obligated to do… whatever it was you’ve been planning.”  Lyght hesitated, then nodded.
Henre looked at the sky, then back down at his de-facto son, “Look, some may disagree with me, but I say as a rule of thumb you should usually follow your heart over your head.  I’ve found in my many years of living that many have reasons for what they do, but few have convictions.  You shouldn’t take that conviction for granted.” 
There was a brief silence as Lyght considered Henre’s comments, feeling the warm breeze roll off the sea.  He had a point…
All of a sudden Henre turned back towards Kona, motioning for Janna to follow.  He looked back over his shoulder at the kid he’d raised these past ten years, “I know you’ll pick what’s right.  We believe you’ll do what’s right for you; so you can count on our support, whatever you choose.  I’ll see you at home tonight, right?”
It wasn’t a request; more of an expectation.  Smiling slightly, Lyght nodded his head, “Thanks.  Really, thanks for understanding.  And yeah, I’ll come home.”
“Good”, Henre said smiling, turning to head back towards Kona.  “Sleep on it tonight, I’ve always found that’s a way to solve a tough decision.”
Lyght ran a hand through his hair tiredly and allowed himself to relax some.  
“Yeah, maybe sleep would do me some good.”


Chapter Thirteen
Darkness.
A gripping sense of vertigo, spinning down, down… Where was he?  Who was he?  He couldn’t see; couldn’t hear.  Why?  What was…
All of a sudden Lyght’s feet hit – hard – on some formless landscape, almost knocking him over.  Lyght blinked rapidly, trying to clear his spinning vision, to little effect.  He knelt down, panting hard, as if he had just finished some absurdly long race, or fallen from the atmosphere – or maybe a little of both.  
He was painfully confused, he couldn’t think straight.  His head felt as if someone was pounding on it repeatedly with a hammer.  The scintillating light and booming soundwaves weren’t helping.  He closed his eyes and covered his ears, teeth gritted as he tried to concentrate.  After a couple minutes, breathing hard and hunched over, his system slowly stabilized to the point where he could uncover his ears and open his eyes to take a look around him.  In a much less intense way than before, Lyght was confused by what he was seeing.
It was dark out – early nighttime.  Why had he felt blinded by light?  He thought he heard soft voices now, not the roar he had heard before.  Standing up slowly, Lyght guessed his senses were back to normal.  Speaking of which, what had thrown them off in the first place?  Where had he come from, and how did he get here?  Frowning as he looked up at the Dark sky, Lyght was concerned to find out that he truly didn’t know. 
Looking down, he flexed his right hand curiously.  Seemed real enough.  He pinched his left arm – hard.  That was real too, Lyght thought with his eyes watering.  Pointing his right arm at the ground, he tried to draw on his Dreamcasting powers, only to recoil in shock.
It’s not there!
When Lyght accessed his power, he did so by reaching down in himself, drawing it from somewhere in his chest area.  Even when he was completely drained, he could still feel the storage area there – it just felt like an empty tank in his body.  But now, he couldn’t feel anything at all.  Just empty space where something had been.  Now that he was missing it, he felt like his body was missing a vital… charge or something that it needed to function.  It was really very scary, like losing a limb, or having an organ ripped out of you.  Despite himself, Lyght began to panic.  What had happened to him?
“…and like I said, Dreamcasting is very dangerous.  If you violate the 2nd law, you will die.  I won’t risk that.  I can’t risk that with you, Lyght.  I’m sorry.”
Lyght spun, heart hammering.  He knew that voice.  He knew it all too well, and missed it with all his being.  Problem was, that voice was supposed to be long dead.  
Before he knew it, Lyght was sprinting full tilt, cresting the ravine he stood upon, and looking down into a little depression where two people sat around a roaring campfire.  His long-dead father, and… 
Himself.  Lyght saw the eight-year-old version of himself sitting on a tree stump below, across the fire from his father.  It startled Lyght a bit to see himself so young.  He had the same long dark hair all over the place, the same face, the same – he guessed – build (albeit for an eight-year-old).  He did, however, have that slightly-starved look that came from life on the run.  Lyght still remembered long, hungry nights as a kid, winters when food seemed difficult to find.  He never had seemed to mind though – because he was chasing after something truly meaningful and important, along with his dad.  Or at least, he’d thought he was.
No, the real difference – and it seemed glaring to eighteen-year-old Lyght – was the difference in demeanor.  Lyght considered himself a relatively quiet and reserved person.  He didn’t seek out attention, and only really confided in those he really cared about.  He thought he had always been that way.
This was clearly not the case.  Young Lyght was jabbering away to his father, asking questions and moving on to another one before they were answered, moving around the camp excitedly and motioning into the air while he spoke.  He punctuated each question with a “Right?”, before moving on the next apparently rhetorical question.  Thinking out loud, his dad always called it.  Lyght had forgotten he had done that.  Back then, he had never really grasped that he did it so much, but he did clearly remember his father telling him and others  frequently that one was never in doubt about what Lyght thought, because he would tell you.
When did I cease to be that open?, Lyght thought to himself.  The only reasonable explanation he could think of was that one night almost a decade ago.  The night when his father… well, he didn’t like to think about it.  That was his rule.  He had found that sticking to it caused him a lot less pain.  Or so he liked to think, anyway. 
But hang on…  Lyght slowly came closer, trying to figure out why this particular scene seemed so familiar to him.  He couldn’t even count how many nights he had lived just like this one, around the fire with his dad before the pair of them went to bed, preparing to rise early the next day.  Why should this one stand out?  
And on that note, why was he here, anyway?  This was clearly the past.  Did he somehow go back in time?  Was any of this even real?  Nothing seemed to make sense at the moment.
That first question – why this seemed so familiar – was answered when his father stood up, laughing, and held his hand up to quiet his talkative son.  He put his hands on his hips, examining the excitable kid in front of him.  This was a bizarre sight to see for the eighteen-year-old Lyght – it was like watching an older version of his current self look at a younger version of his current self.  Lyght realized all of a sudden why this night in particular seemed so familiar, and knew what was going to be said next a second before it was.
“Alright, so you want to be a great Dreamcaster?  Try it now.”
Young Lyght looked confused, yet excited all the same.  “Really?  Actually, now?  Yes!  You got it… OK, what do I do?  How do you do it?  I…”
Lyght’s father Lucent held up his hand again, to stop his son.  “I’m going to tell you, and you’ve got to listen to me very carefully, alright?  Even if you are a Dreamcaster, which you’re probably not, you probably won’t be able to properly control the power or even use it at your age.  I’ll be watching very carefully to see that you don’t overdo it, if by some chance you are successful.  If I get the sense you’re not following my directions, we’re done.  Understand?”
Young Lyght nodded his head eagerly, and Lucent sighed, resigned to the inevitable.  Lucent’s son had emulated him since a very young age, always wanting to be like him, to do what he did.  This test had to happen eventually.  As much as Lucent had tried to avoid it, this moment was always coming.  To this day, Lyght did not know whether that decision to run this test had affected what happened immediately afterward, but he thought it had to.  It was too big of a coincidence otherwise.
“Alright”, Lucent said, motioning for young Lyght to stand up and looking down at his son, “Close your eyes, and point both your arms, palm open, down at the ground.”  Young Lyght did this, and older Lyght saw himself trembling with excitement, even from this distance.  Lucent continued, “We don’t know yet, if you somehow are in fact a Dreamcaster, which arm is your dominant one.  We’ll try both.  Obviously, I don’t need to close my eyes when I Dreamcast, but it will help you feel it out and draw upon the power if you have it.”  
Lucent paused before speaking again, a stern note in his voice now, “Remember, do just as I say, and only what I say.  Overusing your Dreamcasting capacity can kill you, by the 2nd law.  You’re still young and not near full height – you will have a small capacity if any at all.  All you should be able to do, at best, is something like tracing lightly in the ground.”
“Ready?”, Lucent asked.  Young Lyght nodded his head, a look of intense concentration on his face.  “Alright, point your index finger down on both hands.”  Young Lyght did this.  A few moments of silence went by.
“And?”, young Lyght asked, eyes still closed.  Lucent laughed a little self-consciously, raising a hand to the back of his neck, “Sorry, It’s just kind of hard to explain how I do it.  It just feels so natural.  I guess, just… mentally search for a small space inside your chest cavity somewhere, it may seem to be crackling with energy.  You have to know where it is, exactly where, to access it.  Just search around for awhile, and if you find it, draw a circle in the air with both index fingers.  If you are a Dreamcaster, and can actually use your power at such a young age, an identical shape will be traced on the ground by whichever is your dominant arm.”
After a good minute of silence, young Lyght’s eyes snapped open – blazing.  “Hey”, Lucent said frowning, “I thought I said…”
He got no further, as young Lyght flung both arms out to the side in a flash.  A massive chasm – at least six feet deep and a few feet wide, ripped itself into the earth on his right side.  It just kept going and going until Lucent jumped forward and grabbed his sons arm with a shocked but pleased look on his face, saying “OK, Stop!”
As soon as his dad touched his arm, the chasm stopped tearing across the loamy ground, although the earth still trembled slightly at the sudden assault.  Lucent stepped back, speechless for a moment.  Gathering himself, he looked his son in the eyes, still intense from the burst of power a moment ago.
“Well, there you have it, Lyght!  You were right, and I was wrong, you are a Dreamcaster.  What are the odds, two in the same family with the rare ability?  Although… you shouldn’t have been able to do that.  That level of manipulation should only become available after a few years of extensive training and use.  I’m by no means an expert in these sorts of things… but from what I just saw, you’re a natural, Lyght.”
Young Lyght just laughed, and shook off this information as if it were expected.  Older Lyght just frowned – that seemed like something Mikael would have done.  He kept pressing, “Can I go again?  I feel like I haven’t really even tapped into it yet.  I can do more, I know I can.”
Lucent frowned, “What, you’re not out?  Incredible as that was, it should’ve drained you.”  Lyght shook his head, so Lucent thought for a moment, then shrugged.  “OK, fine then.  I’ll let you try one more thing.  This is a bit higher level, so again… well, we’ll see.  Alright, no need to close your eyes, now that you’ve found the spot.  Raise your right arm in the air.”  Young Lyght did so, somehow managing to keep still despite the anticipation.
“Now, flex your hand to connect to your power, and heat the air.”  Lyght looked at his dad, confused.  Lucent just shook his head and smiled “I really can’t explain this one.  There is no specific way to do it; you kinda just have to do it by feel.  Like I said, at this level you probably can’t…”
He trailed off however, as young Lyght began moving his right hand in a tight circle, instantly making the surrounding air palpably hotter.  Eighteen-year-old Lyght saw a trail of shimmering heat spiraling up into the atmosphere, and knew all too well what happened next.  He had always wanted to see it again, just to make sure he hadn’t been seeing things.  Problem was, Lyght didn’t want to see what he knew happened after that.
Sure enough, the wavering heat wave began to reach the Dark above – for it was one of those nights – and made it waver, somehow, just as the air particles below were doing.  A moment hung in the air, where Lucent looked at his son in astonishment, and young Lyght looked up with determination, eyes narrowed.  
It broke all of a sudden with an explosion.  The heat wave dissipated, spraying in all directions, as an actual hole opened in the Dark above.  Lyght looked up anxiously, looking to see if it was the same as it had been that night.  Indeed, it was.  As Lyght looked up, he saw that, miraculously, tiny white dots hung above, shining through the mysterious hole in the sky and twinkling down at the shocked father and son below.  
So, older Lyght thought, looking up at it with wonder for the second time in his life, it was real.  
Lyght had always thought this moment must have been a figure of his imagination, an anomaly, arisen from the traumatic memory of this night.  He had never understood what had caused the black sky to suddenly dissipate, or what those lights were above.  For the Dark became the night sky, which came down to enshroud the land every other night.  On alternate nights, it became dark in the sense that there was no light, but it was not Dark; that shifting ultra-black mass was suffocating in a way that a regular night could be.  It was an entirely different experience.  
Yet somehow, Lyght had ripped away a piece of the world, as an eight-year-old.  If a piece could be torn away, then by logic, it wasn’t the top.  What was above it?  What were those shining white dots?
Unfortunately, older Lyght ran into the same problem he had ten years ago.  He didn’t have more than a few seconds to think about it, as another loud bang – deadened compared to the eruption of seconds ago – sounded all around.  There was a swish of dark cloaks, and young Lyght and his father were surrounded.
What happened next though, older Lyght saw in fast forward.  He saw his dad first try to speak with the sudden newcomers, then back up in alarm as they closed in on him.  Whipping his sword off his back and jumping over their heads, Lyght’s Dreamcaster father landed in a cloud of dust and attacked furiously.  His bold move was made even more astonishing to watch by the increasing speed at which older Lyght saw the fight progressing.  It was like time was being warped forward, and he along with it.
Lyght began to see flashes of blackness and color; began to feel dizzy and confused again.  His father yelled, jumping in front of young Lyght to block a vicious stroke at his son’s head.  Going on the attack, Lucent sliced an attacker’s arm off and whipped his own right arm through the air (holding his sword in his left), sending the wounded man’s sword arm flying at one of his comrades, cleanly chopping his hand off.  Further vertigo gripped Lyght as he fell to his knees, coughing.  What was going on?  He tried to see.
At the pace the battle was flying before his eyes, it was coming quickly towards its inevitable conclusion. Lyght, through his darkened and blurred vision, saw the young version of himself backing up in fear, eyes wide.  One of the attackers charged at Lyght while his father was occupied with four other attackers, leveling his sword at eight-year-old Lyght for the kill.  Young Lyght tried to run, but his foot struck a tree root, sending him sprawling onto the ground.  Pushing himself up onto his hands, young Lyght yelled as he saw it, throwing his arms up and ducking as the silver flash blazed at his head.  Older Lyght saw his life flash before his eyes, just as he had back then.
All of a sudden, a massive, earth-shaking gust blasted the chaotic encampment, sending everybody flying – including Lucent.  Now, for some reason, the scene slowed down to a crawl in older Lyght’s eyes as his vision stabilized.  The explosive gust threw Lucent off balance as he was performing a complex spinning-jumping maneuver, and he landed wrong – slipping on a pile of wet leaves and hitting the ground with a thud.  A dark, cloaked figure adjacent to him barely maintained his balance by crouching low to the ground and pivoting with the gale, right towards where Lucent hit.  The enemy seemed surprised to find himself in such a position, but drove his sword down all the same, a silver bolt of lightning cutting the Dark surrounding them…
And stabbed Lucent in the heart.
Lyght’s vision and senses exploded in agony as he fell to the ground too, on the verge of blacking out.  For a split second, it almost felt as if Lyght were in two bodies – his own adolescent one, and his younger one as he looked over at his father’s shocked face.  The pain was almost unbearable as Lyght, through his younger eyes, watched his father mouth a few words, blown away by the wind.  He never heard them.
With a blast of pain, a roar of blackness overcame Lyght, whoever he was, and he fell down… down…
Darkness. 

 
Chapter Fourteen
Lyght’s eyes snapped open and he bolted up with a sudden yell, throwing the covers off and looking around wildly, panting.  His heart rate was through the roof, his head swimming as he tried to figure out what was going on.  Putting his right hand over his pounding head and closing his eyes, he tried to orient himself.  Why was he so upset?  What had happened?  After a few minutes with his eyes closed, his pounding headache lessened into a dull pain between his eyelids.  Opening his eyes and blinking in the sudden light, he looked over at his clock – eight AM.  He sat, still breathing hard, looking at it in confusion for a bit before it hit him.
Hang on a second… eight?  That can’t be right!  
Lyght jumped up and out of his bed, feet hitting the wooden floor of his bedroom, and made his way to the window, every bone in his body aching with a sharp pain.  Grunting, he threw open the curtains.  Daytime.  What was going on?
Dreamcasters only needed six hours of sleep a night at most; the extra two a normal person would need was compensated by the full two hour spirit limit.  Lyght had gone to bed at midnight, so he should’ve gotten up at six at the latest.  But it was clearly eight, the daylight streaming through the window making his eyes water was clear indication of that.  
Lyght had gone to sleep with an hour and a half worth of power the night before, so he should’ve only needed, theoretically, an hour and a half of sleep to regenerate that – since a Dreamcaster received a twenty minutes of power for every hour they slept, up to six hours.  Of course, Lyght found he usually needed near six anyway to function efficiently, as six hours for him felt like eight hours for others.  Still, he was supposed to be incapable of sleeping longer than six hours.
Lyght thought to reach for his Dreamcaster power, to check.  As he did so, Lyght experienced an immediate shock.  
It’s not full!  
Frowning, Lyght could see that his spirit level still remained at almost an hour and a half, the same amount he had gone to sleep with.  Why hadn’t it recharged?  Was that the reason he had slept so late?  What had…?
All of a sudden, the memory of what had happened hit Lyght like a thunderbolt.  He straightened immediately and looked around; trying to determine that he was in fact in the present.  He thought he remembered experiencing a… memory of some sort.  A memory of that night; the night when his dad had been killed.  But it had been vivid, far too vivid, to have been some sort of hallucination.  
Had he been, in fact, dreaming?  That wasn’t supposed to be possible for him.  His ability to manipulate matter in the real world meant that he didn’t dream while he was asleep.  Or that’s how he understood it, anyway.  There were never any exceptions… except, it seemed, now.  Of course, there could have been another explanation, but Lyght just couldn’t see it.  It couldn’t be a coincidence that his spirit hadn’t refilled yet, could it? 
And not only that, the experience had also seemed way too vivid, too detailed to even be a dream.  It had been as sharp, as real, as the experience itself.  From what he understood, most people’s dreams were often confused and fuzzy.  It had seemed more like a… vision that anything.  A perfect re-creation of the past.  
A past Lyght didn’t want to have to relive. 
Shaking his head, Lyght sat down on the edge of his bed and tried to clear his mind.  He was still shaking slightly – it felt like seconds ago that he had watched his father being killed all over again.  Lyght tried to steady his breath, and just think.  He wanted to understand what had just happened.
For the past ten years, Lyght’s “rule” was to never think about that night, because the memory was just too painful to even think about.  Unsurprisingly, experiencing it again had been even worse.  He would probably never find out for sure, but he had gradually come to the conclusion that there was no way his dad’s death had been a coincidence.  They had searched eight years for the elite group of Dreamcasters named the Legion, and then as soon as Lyght pulled off some miraculous Dreamcasting feat, an armed group of men appear out of nowhere to attack them.  Though he couldn’t see how it was done, Lyght couldn’t see anyone but Dreamcasters being able to just appear like that.
However, it seemed clear to Lyght that this armed Dreamcaster group that had attacked and killed his father were not the Legion.  For one thing, they didn’t have the famous rich navy blue uniforms with the slanted with L insignia.  As far as Lyght knew, they always wore those.  No, a group wearing all black cloaks who would kill a father in front of their son like that?  Only one group, to Lyght’s knowledge, existed who would be low enough to do such a thing.  He didn’t know much about them, but he’d heard enough about them to deeply suspect them.
And if it turned out they had done it… well, Lyght didn’t think he could ever forgive them. 
Not only that, but what the vision (or whatever it was) had for some reason cut out what the men did after killing Lucent.  They had converged immediately on Lyght, and stabbed him in the heart as well, in the same way they had done to his father.  
Yes, Lyght had truly thought he would die that night.  All he knew was he had blacked out, and a passing family from Kona, traveling back from the capital to their village, found him.  By some wild luck, one member of this family just so happened to be a six-year-old girl healing prodigy – Sky.  Lyght still couldn’t understand how she’d healed him from being stabbed in the heart.  Apparently, she didn’t either – she’d thought for sure he was a goner.  She must’ve been good enough, somehow, to save him.  That fact had never seemed to amaze him.  The disappointing part was that Henre and Janna had said afterward they did not see his father’s body there – the armed group must have taken it for whatever reason.  
Lyght just shook his head and stared at the ground, slowing his breathing and counting to one hundred.  He looked up, trying to think.  There was something he felt like he should be remembering…
It him after just a second – he was supposed to have decided by today what he and Mikael were going to do; go to the capital or pursue their original plan.  He hadn’t talked to Mikael much about it yet, the idea was that they would each make their own decision independent of the other’s influence, and see where it went from there.  
Lyght sprung up and went over to put a shirt on, dressing as fast as he could considering his odd lethargy.  He wasn’t really a morning person, but for some reason he felt way groggier than usual this morning.  Checking himself quickly in the mirror and pushing back his dark hair with a hand, Lyght turned and crossed the few steps over to his balcony, opening the folding door and stepping out into the morning sunshine.  The air was nice and crisp.  Perhaps the weather might actually be cool today in the village.   Although the weather didn’t change much with the seasons in Kona, it was actually mid-autumn by.  Cool days might hit on occasion, but they were relatively rare in any season.
Lyght crossed his arms on the balcony, sighing, and looked out towards the ocean, where the yellow sun was already somewhat high over the horizon.  He really odd, like he had slept for weeks.  Why would two extra hours do that do him?
“Why the long face?”
Lyght looked down, pleased but not surprised to find his friend Mikael standing down in the alleyway, dressed in a sleeveless shirt and shorts.  He must how been out training – he typically did that in the mornings.
“Tired”, Lyght said offhandedly, jumping down and using just a touch on gravity to soften his landing.  “I see you were off training this morning.  How can you stand to do that right now?  Don’t you need to be thinking about this big decision we’re supposed to be making, oh I don’t know, today?”
Mikael raised an eyebrow, “Movement helps me think.  You should try it sometimes.  You can’t come to a good decision by just sitting around; your head will just run itself in circles.  And anyway, if you’re being so critical, I’m assuming you do know what you want to do?”
Lyght paused, uncertain how to say it.  Mikael just laughed and said, “I thought so”.  
Lyght closed his eyes.  He hadn’t realized he’d come to a decision, but the way he felt now, he realized that he had.  Now that his head had cleared, Lyght felt he had the answer to the question he’d been agonizing over for five days.  Where it had come from, he couldn’t say. 
Lyght shook his head, “No, I think I know what I want to do.  Really, I’ve known the whole time.”  
Mikael waited patiently, “And?”, he prompted.
“Well”, Lyght went on, “I want to know what your decision was first.  It’s important that we’re both on the same page with what we want to do.  If you have a different plan than me, and can give me good reasons why your idea is better, I might consider changing my position.  However, I have come to a conclusion about what I think’s best for me.  You first, though.”
Mikael just laughed, shaking his head, “Of course I have to go first”.  He went strolling down the alleyway – apparently headed for the beach – motioning for Lyght to follow him.  Mikael’s bright white, gold embroidered cloak of choice fluttered softly in the cool breeze for a moment as he was silent.  He looked over his shoulder and said “So, I have to bring up my decision first, then?  That’s not quite the way I planned it.  See, I wanted you to go first, because my earth-shattering and mind-blowing decision is… I’ll go with whatever you choose, Lyght.”
Lyght was somewhat shocked; he had expected Mikael to come out with a strong opinion on this – he usually seemed to have strong convictions.  Lyght opened his mouth to argue, but Mikael forestalled him with a raised hand.  “Look, I’m not saying this as a cop-out.  Yes, I did think long and hard about this decision and yes, this is what I came up with.  I believe; no, I know that this was a very tough decision for you to make, even more than me.   However, the more I thought about it, the more I thought I came to understand what you would say.  So, while I’m really good with either option, I believe I know which one you’ll pick, and I think it’s the right one for you.  You know what I’m referring to, right?”  Lyght was silent, and Mikael urged him on, “C’mon.  I’m right, aren’t I?”
Lyght stepped up in line with Mikael and scanned his face.  Yes, he thought, I think he does know what I’m going to say.  “Alright then”, Lyght began, “you’re right, I have come to a decision.  Funny thing is, I can’t even really think of when I came to this conclusion.  Not last night, not when I got up this morning.  But I’ve got the idea fully formed in my head now, so here goes…”
Lyght took a deep breath, “Mikael, I think we should accept the invitation from the Legend.  I think we should go to the capital city, give it our best shot, and try to make it into the Legion.  And you know what?  I think we’re pretty good, and I’m pretty confident that if we try this, we’re going to be successful.”
Silence.  Mikael just kept walking along, on the forested beach path now, eyes towards the sky.  He was being unusually quiet, it seemed.  A group of seabirds fluttered by, and Mikael watched them go, all the way out of sight.  Finally, Lyght spoke up again, a bit defensively, “Well?  Is that what you thought I’d say?  Probably not, right?  Sounds too selfish, you could say.  Like I’m ditching all our plans.  Well, I’m not.  Honestly, I have a hard time explaining why I think we should do this, even to myself.  I just feel like it’s the right thing to do.  I tried to make my decision based on what I thought was right.  Really.”
They were almost on the beach now; Lyght could see the beach path open up just ahead and the ocean rolling off the yellow sands – high tide.  He could make out the Legend standing proud in his armor, back to them, looking out at the sea in the same place as before.  As they came out onto the beach, Mikael turned, putting his hands on Lyght’s shoulders and looking him in the eyes,  “Understand now, Lyght?  I was coming down here because this was where the Legend said he would be when we made our decision.  Obviously, since I brought you down to see him; I knew this would be your answer.  I knew you’d pick the right thing for you, like I said, and I believe this is it.” 
“How did you know?”, Lyght asked, frowning.  “I can’t say I totally knew myself before you asked me, it’s just like… the realization suddenly came upon me.”
“I know”, Mikael said confidently, taking a step back “because I know you.  We both know where we stand on this, don’t we?”  Lyght frowned, “What do you mean?”  
Mikael laughed, “Well, let’s be honest, I originally wanted to join the Legion because of the power, glory, and respect it would bring, which is a selfish reason.  You wanted to join the Legion for the right reason, I’ll be honest, because your father died trying and because you won’t be satisfied until you try to do the same.  You wanted to go fight the Dark to help protect everyone in the village, but to be honest, that was kind of naïve.  Neither you nor I know what the Dark is, or where it’s “source” is – if there even is one – or even if it is something that can be destroyed.  I really only supported this plan because it felt good to be doing something, but you have to admit now the situation has changed dramatically.  We have to adapt to it.  In light of the new opportunity we have here, I was hoping you would stay true to yourself enough to go through with this.”
The Legend was listening.  He turned, a slight smile on his face for the first time, and said in his oddly solemn voice, “So I take it I have your answer then?  You are willing to accompany me to the capital city Glory to enroll in the Legion Academy, in the hopes of joining our sacred order?”
“Well, when you put it like that”, Mikael put in, grinning, “it sounds pretty damn cool.  Oh yeah, we’re in alright – for better or worse.”
Lyght spoke up as well, “I’m not going to lie, I’m not entirely sure what we’re trying to accomplish here, since you won’t tell us what the Legion does.  However, I think I’m going to take you at your word that it is something very important.  I really do want to join the Legion, but I also want to feel assured that I’m working for something worthwhile, something that will mean something to accomplish.  I believe that the Legion, even if it isn’t clear to me now, if the best place to pursue that goal.”
The Legend nodded firmly, long mane of gold hair flying in the wind on this unusually crisp morning.  “You are right.  The Legion is the best place to be for any Dreamcaster.  We hate to see potential recruits turn away from us, or fall through the cracks.  The King will be happy to have you.”
Lyght frowned.  Fall through the cracks, he said.  What does that mean? 
Before he could reflect further on the odd comment however, the Legend spoke in a commanding voice, “Follow me now, recruits, and make sure to keep up.  From here, we go to the village north entrance, where you have agreed to meet your families to say farewell.”  Lyght frowned again, how did he know that?   Lyght and Mikael had indeed planned to meet their families at the north entrance that morning, since either decision they made involved them leaving.  
The Legend continued, “We will not stop at your places of residence for any supplies or personal items; your bodies, minds, and will are all that is needed from this point on out.  Alright?  Follow me.”
He jumped powerfully into the air without awaiting a response, clearing the yellow sand beach and the first dozen or so palm trees before presumably landing on the beach path.  
How can he can do that in all that armor?  Shouldn’t it weight him down?  
Lyght had no time for thought, however, and he began running and jumping, using all his speed, power, ingenuity, and even touches of Dreamcasting just to keep within sight of this flying Legend.  And yet, Lyght got the sense he was slowing himself somewhat for their benefit.  If he really wanted to leave them in the dust, he could in a second.  Of course, he was beholden to the same Dreamcasting laws as Lyght and Mikael, but he was enormous – bigger even than Mikael, giving him a larger degree of strength when multiplied.  Furthermore, his sense of the Third Law dwarfed even Lyght’s skill in the area – he pulled off absurd run-jump combos without even changing his environment.  He could manipulate his body perfectly to the point of maximum speed and strength.  If he manipulated the environment in the same way, which he seemed to simply be choosing not to do right now, there was no doubt in Lyght’s mind he would be similarly awe-inspiring.  
At the blistering pace they were going, they soon reached the wide cobblestone street that marked the village’s northern entrance.  Indeed, Lyght’s and Mikael’s families and a few close friends milled around the empty street, waiting to say goodbye to the kids – now men – they’d known and loved for the past ten years.  The thing was, they didn’t yet know where Lyght and Mikael were going.  
Well, they were about to find out.
Lyght noticed that some people below looked shocked by the reappearance of the Legend with them, but others didn’t look surprised at all.  They landed on the north side of the small group, and Lyght turned his back to the open road to face the friends and family who had raised him.  As he turned, opening his mouth, he was cut short as someone thudded into him, driving his breath out in a short burst.
He looked down, half-annoyed, half-amused, to see Sky embracing him in a tight hug.  Close as the “siblings” were, she didn’t usually show open affection like this.  Lyght supposed they were both too prideful for that sort of thing.  Not today.
When a measure of his breath had returned, Lyght managed to get out, “OK, Sky, OK.  Thanks.  You can get off me now, I can’t breathe.”  She did so, blushing slightly, as Henre, Janna, and Milton came up to Lyght in a much more measured fashion.  Mikael’s own family began speaking with him as well.  
“So?”, Henre asked, “Are we allowed to know where you’re going with this… distinguished companion?”  He chuckled at his own understatement.  “Really though, it has to be something ridiculously cool.  Come on; take a page out of Mikael’s book if you like.  Brag.  Or if that’s too blunt a way to put it, just ‘fill us in’, if you would.”
Lyght turned to glance back toward the open road, then back at the couple who raised him, his sister, and his friend and mentor, even, Milton.  He felt a sudden, unexpected emotional upwelling at the sudden moment of goodbye.  The sadness and sense of loss were, however, tempered by a feeling of pride and accomplishment.  Nostalgia and anticipation rebounded within him as he drew himself up to look his loved ones in the eye and say with conviction.
“I’ve finally decided to own up to myself – I’m chasing my own dream, and my father’s before me.  I’m going to become a Legend in my own right; and in doing so I’ll bring honor and pride to Kona as a newly-ordained man of the village.  Mikael and I are going to the capital city of Glory to enroll in the Legion Academy, where we will train under the Legend here, and we will pass the selection process to join the Legion.  If… no, when we are successful, we will be the first Legends in the Hope Domain’s history.”  
Lyght took a deep breath, looking back and forth at them, “We won’t let you down, I promise.  I won’t come back until I’ve given everything I have to pay back what you guys have given me this past ten years.”  Raising a hand to the back of his neck a little awkwardly, Lyght continued, “Honestly, I’m not the best at saying this kind of stuff, but you guys have given me a sense a pride in myself, and a sense of duty.  That means the world to me, and I finally get it now; what you’ve been trying to tell me all along.  I’ve got to use my talents for something, or they don’t mean anything.  But it’s not just for something, it’s for someone, and that’s you guys.  Making the Legion isn’t just for me – it’s for you.  A thank you for pouring into me all these years, and raising me into the man I am today.”  
Lyght paused, laughing a bit at himself, “Damn… I’m not very good at all this sentimental stuff, but I mean it, I really do.  Believe me – I will succeed.  We will succeed.”
He paused, considering.  In fact…
“I guarantee it.”


Chapter Fifteen
“Prepare for docking!  All hands to landing positions, we’re a couple minutes away now, men”, Admiral Cerr yelled out in that booming voice of his, hands crossed behind his back, straight military posture ever in place.  The mates scrambled away to do as bid, leaving their various games of cards and dice behind them as they headed off to prepare the ship for docking.
Lyght stood leaning against the gunwale, arms folded, high sea breeze whipping through his dark hair.  He knew that the wind often picked up as you pulled off the sea highway, since coastal weather patterns reached the sea near the coast.  Lyght also knew from his younger childhood that the weather was much more unforgiving the further north you went.  Of course, they were pulling into port at the southern end of the Pride domain, but the air was somewhat crisp and cool – as it was liable to get in autumn.  It still felt pretty cold to Lyght.  He scolded himself; I must have been living in Kona for far too long if this feels cold to me now.
The ship they arrived on was a military vessel, which had been moored in port at the Southern tip of the Beauty domain (as there was no military base in Hope) by order of the King, for the express purpose of picking up Lyght, Mikael, and their Legend companion and bringing them up to the small military resource base of Gauld on the east coast of the Pride domain.  They had trekked across Kona on foot to reach the ship, and were looking at another, much longer trek across Pride this time.  They would, however, have horses for this one, the Legend had said.  He had said little else.  Lyght and Mikael had had to guess for themselves why they’d needed to travel on a military vessel.  Maybe it was standard procedure for escorting Legion Academy prospects to Glory, but somehow Lyght didn’t think so.  The whole thing seemed odd to Lyght, but then again, a lot seemed odd about their mysterious companion.
Apparently his name was Lyn, but that was all the Legend had really told them, however.  Who he was, where he was from, what he liked and didn’t like, and anything otherwise about himself he had kept totally secret from Lyght and Mikael.  It was pretty frustrating, especially considering that Lyght felt they were sacrificing a lot to come with him.  The man was such an enigma, and Lyght felt like he was owed an explanation.
It was nothing doing so far, however.  As Lyght stood out on the deck examining the nearing shoreline, he caught motion out of the corner of his eye – Mikael coming up the stairs from below deck.  Mikael saw Lyght turn his head and push off the gunwale, waving him over.  Mikael walked up, shaking his head “Nothing.  He wouldn’t talk.  You know how he is, he just… I don’t know, you don’t think it’s us, do you?”
“No, I don’t think so”, said Lyght looking at the stairwell descending below deck where the Legend had requested his own private living quarters.  Of course, to one of his status, this had been granted.  “I think he’s just naturally quiet.  I would say I can relate, but really, I think he’s on a different level.”  Lyght shook his head, “Though you’ve got a point, I would think he has it out for us too if I didn’t know better.  Thing is, why would he have volunteered to come meet us himself and bring us back if he didn’t like us”?
Mikael snorted, “Easy, he didn’t like us once he met us.  Too damn annoying for a ‘grown adult’ to deal with.”  Mikael said this with a hint of sarcasm, smiling, but there was a hint of truth in it.  Even if he didn’t really have anything against Lyght and Mikael specifically, the Legend named Lyn had a bizarre tendency to act like a very old, very solemn man.  They’d first begun to notice it on the trek north to the ship, and even more since coming aboard.  And it was all very strange, because the Legend had seemed receptive enough towards them when they’d been in Kona.  Now, he was solemn and guarded when he did speak, which wasn’t often. 
This by itself wouldn’t be so weird, if he didn’t look to be in his mid-twenties, in the prime of his life.  How did someone so young attain such a vaunted position in the Legion, to the point where he would be in charge of teaching the next generation?  Surely, they would want someone older and wiser to fill the role, right?  Maybe Lyn acted wise beyond his years to compensate for his youth.  Somehow, however, Lyght didn’t think so.  
So, Mikael and Lyght had been trying to talk to him one-on-one, to learn more about their soon-to-be teacher.  This was turning up nothing of value, however.  Lyght just sighed and looked towards the shoreline again; distinct buildings were visible now.  It had been so long since he had been to Pride.  Lyght had never anticipated that he would return in the fashion he now did, in the company of a real, live Legend.  Not only that, but that he would be on his way to the famous capital city Glory, to undergo his own special training at the Legion Academy, would’ve seemed unreal to him at any point in the past.  He had always dreamed of, and simultaneously dismissed, the possibility of something like this happening to him.  It still felt surreal.  He wondered how long the feeling would last.
“I guess we’ll have him alone to ourselves the whole ride from Gauld to Glory”, Lyght pointed out.  “If we can’t get him to open up a bit during an entire week of riding, we will just have to accept that we never will.  We’ll get him talking though – I’m sure of it.  I mean… he’s a teacher, right?  He can’t be as antisocial as he seems.”
“Yeah”, Mikael agreed, nodding to Admiral Cerr as he walked by, yelling at a pair of his men for loitering around.  “And if we don’t learn what we want from him, I’m sure we’ll have a lot of our questions answered in Glory.  I mean, this is the capital city of the entire Kingdom, North and South!  I haven’t been there either, as you know, but I can’t help but think that it’s the place to be for Dreamcasters.”
“And anyway”, Mikael continued, walking forward to fold his arms across the gunwale and examine the upcoming port, “we’ll be filled in on all we need to know when we’re inducted into the Legion, right?”  Lyght hesitated, but nodded.  He was sure Mikael wanted to keep talking – he always did – but they were pulling up to the port as they spoke.  Admiral Cerr walked up behind them (how had he gotten there that fast?) and said he’d need their help docking too, incompetent as his men were.  Lyght just smiled and played along – he knew that Admiral Cerr just hated to see men aboard, even guests, not working.  
As they pulled inside the port, Lyght jumped over the gunwale and landed on the wide wooden-planked dock below, as Mikael did the same on the other side.  Motioning that he was in position and ready, Lyght reached out and caught the looped end of the rope thrown over the edge of the vessel by one of Cerr’s men.  Catching it and looping it through his right arm in one motion, he ran with the thick rope past the ship to the very tip of the dock, and looped it down carefully over the five-foot iron peg bolted into the wood.  Mikael had obviously done the same on the other side, for the ship stopped its forward progress are the ropes snapped taut, and by this time Lyght and Mikael were tying ropes down at the front of the vessel, docking it fully and bringing it to a stop, bobbing up and down in the deep blue water.
Planks were lowered and Admiral Cerr’s men began to climb down onto the docks, heading past Lyght and Mikael waiting below – presumably heading for the supplies needed to restock the vessel for its return voyage.  As Lyght was heading around toward the landing ahead to meet up with Mikael, he saw a flash of deep blue out of the corner of his eye, and turned to see Lyn jumping powerfully off the military ship – ignoring the planks altogether – a massive silhouette against the bright late morning sunlight.  Oddly, considering his powerful twenty yard leap and fall, he landed in front of them with barely a sound.  Without glancing at either Mikael or Lyght on either side of him, he just began to stroll towards the base. 
Glancing at Mikael, Lyght just shook his head with a slight smile.  Typical.  With no other indication from the hulking Legend, Lyght and Mikael simply began to follow him towards the small military base, trailing a few feet behind him.  As they came upon the base, Lyght saw limited activity save for their own crew walking around tending to their tasks.  He supposed the morning fishing crews hadn’t returned yet.  The necessity of small military resource bases like these was based on the principle that the King had a large standing military to feed – and it was a clear principle of his to not take resources from his people for this purpose.  This was one of the reasons people generally loved his leadership; Lyght had to admit that for his all his flaws, the King seemed to put people first.  However, he had noticed deviation from this policy by the King whenever it became too inconvenient for him.  He didn’t like to voice that aloud though, people tended to get really offended in Kona if you criticized the King.  The way they saw it, he was the “Hero” who’d created the Dreamscape over a thousand years ago.  Lyght couldn’t see how that was possible, but he had to admit that if this was true, he wanted to know more about the much talked-about, though highly enigmatic King of the Dreamscape.
What did the King do that made him into the “Hero” we know today?  It’s said he defeated humanity’s “enemies” when he created the Dreamscape… what enemies?
And though there was a great sense of nationalism about joining the military, Lyght just couldn’t see what the fighting force was for.  As long as he had been alive, and as long as anyone’s memory went, there had been no wars or fighting in the Dreamscape.  Sure, there was crime – worse in some places than others – but Lyght couldn’t see why a large standing military would help with that.
Regardless, small fishing bases like these fed the army, so they persisted in many places throughout the Dreamscape.  Lyn was using this one now to obtain supplies and horses for their trip west across Pride, to the capital city in the north central area of the domain.  
As they walked, Lyght noticed a short man in his thirties – clad in the white uniform with the spiraling orange flame over his heart, the official military standard – call out to Lyn and motion the Legend over.  The soldier was standing with three massive warhorses, top-military grade animals complete with light armor even, along with packs of food and supplies leaned against a building next to them.  Though the three beasts looked more than capable of breaking free of the man’s grip on their reins, they were calm as their three soon-to-be-riders strolled up.  
Lyn nodded to the soldier, who seemed unsurprised to see a real Legend walking up to him.  He must have been one of the “cleared” high-ranking military officers who were permitted to interact with Legends.  This was one of the few things Lyn had told Lyght and Mikael on the trip here.  Lyn and the officer exchanged a few quick words before Lyn thanked him for his effort, dismissing him to his regular duties.  Apparently, and unsurprisingly, Legends outranked and could command any member of the regular standing military.
Lyn swung up on a massive black warhorse – which wasn’t far considering his size – with a practiced, fluid motion, indicating for Lyght and Mikael to do the same.  Lyght slung his pack over his shoulder, and used the stirrup to jump up into the saddle and settle himself in.  He tried to orient himself – it felt weird to be so high off the ground.  Although he had ridden horses before with his father – which was when they could afford them, so not often – he had never rode one of these giant warhorses for any distance.  One thing was for sure, once he got used to it, it felt pretty good to be sitting up at this height.  Though not short himself, Lyght always looked up to Mikael in height.  In was good to sit pretty much eye-to-eye with his two traveling companions.
Lyght glanced over at Lyn, giving him the thumbs up to show he was ready.  The Legend kicked his heels lightly into the horse’s side, sending it into a trot out of the base.  Lyght and Mikael followed in a similar fashion, a few paces behind the massive Legend.  Even after being with him for the entire journey over, it still struck Lyght that they were in the presence of a real, actual live Legend.  The Legion wasn’t even really supposed to exist; he had always half-thought them to be a group from the past that achieved mythological status, a group that had never really faded from the collective psyche.  In this, and apparently many other assumptions he had previously held, he had been proven wrong. 
They quickly left the base behind, heading out into the rolling hills and lush, open forest that made up the eastern coastal strip of the Pride domain.  Soon enough, they would emerge from the wetter coastal environment to the drier, sunny grasslands that made up most of Pride.  Lyght glanced up at the sky, now overcast.  Rain could pop up any time in this part of the domain, he knew that all too well from his early-life travels with his father.  More than once their tents got flooded in these hills.  Apparently their luck was about to be as bad now, Lyght felt and driving wind and could just make out the fringes of a storm system appearing on the horizon.  The storm looked… odd though.  Somehow… toxic looking.  That didn’t really make any sense; but whatever it was, Lyght didn’t like the look of it.
Squinting at the horizon as he was, Lyght originally missed Mikael trying to discreetly get his attention.  When a motion caught the corner of his eye, Lyght looked over and saw Mikael raise his eyebrows and tilt his head at Lyn, as if to say, ‘Should we do it?’  Lyght paused thoughtfully.  They hadn’t been riding long.  Mikael always did have penchant for jumping the gun early in important situations.  Lyght had hoped to save this conversation for later, but considering the oncoming storm, they might as well start now while they had a chance.  He nodded at Mikael, giving him the go-ahead.
Mikael took the initiative, of course.  Quickening his horse a few steps to draw even with Lyn, Mikael glanced at the Legend sideways.  When no comment was forthcoming from the armored juggernaut, Mikael just smiled and said conversationally with a note of irony, “Sooooo… Where are you from?”, like he was being introduced to somebody new by a mutual friend.  Lyght had to stifle a laugh.  It was just like Mikael to talk to a superior like that – like they were really an equal.  Lyght guessed that Mikael didn’t really view anyone as his “superior.”  Maybe that was why he could be so blunt, yet confident in his communication.
“Now see, if I told you, I would have to kill you.”  Lyn said suddenly, turning to meet Mikael’s eyes.  There was a moment of shocked silence.  Lyght was sure Mikael was thinking the same thing he was; did we just hear a joke from this guy?  Him?
Lyn just shook his head and chuckled quietly, the first time he had shown amusement either.  Lyght was astounded by the sudden change in demeanor.  “I’m kidding of course, but if I did tell you, which I don’t care to, really, you wouldn’t believe me anyway.”
“Now”, Lyn continued on, unprompted, “I’m aware that you two are going to try to use this extended period of time with me, when I can’t get away or avoid you, to question me further about any number of things.  So, I figure I might as well get this over with and tell everything that I plan on telling you, just so we’re clear what can be discussed at this point and what can’t.”  Lyght and Mikael nodded at this.  It was honestly more than Lyght had expected.
Lyn paused thoughtfully for a moment, then unclasped his Legion cape and looked back and forth between Lyght and Mikael, as if making a snap judgment.  He threw the cape to Mikael, saying, “Real quick, put that on.”  
As he caught the flowing, deep blue cloak, Lyght could see that even Mikael was somewhat shocked by being suddenly asked to don a sacred piece of the famed and revered Legion uniform.  Lyn just nodded, urging him onward, and Mikael took off his trademark white cloak, exchanging it for the cape.  He turned, admiring himself in the outfit, then looking back at Lyn frowning, wondering what this was about.  Despite himself, Lyght felt a pang of jealousy.
“I gave you that”, Lyn explained, “to demonstrate the reality of what it is to enroll at the Legion Academy.  There are only two of you here, so you aren’t necessarily the best example.  The actual acceptance rate of the Legion is somewhere between one-fifth and one-fourth of those studying at the Academy, depending on the year.  This number is the amount of people who are able to hang in the program until the end – not an easy feat itself –then pass the final test, which I promise you is very, very difficult.”
“What you need to understand”, Lyn said, eyes on the darkening sky, “is that, in all probability, at least one of you won’t make the final cut.  It’s fairly likely neither of you will.  Oh, don’t worry”, Lyn said, looking down at them, “we still find uses in the capital for those who don’t make the Legion.  But let me make one thing abundantly clear…”
“Unless you quit the program early on or drop out, you won’t be going home to live in Kona again.  Not permanently, at least.  You will go where you’re commanded while on assignment for the King, with two weeks of leave every year if you are not in The Legion.  Legends, you see, never take a break.  We have a crucial mission to fulfill.  Again, I can’t fill you in on that until the time when, or if, you become initiated into the Legion.  This is all I can tell you at the moment, but I wanted to make this clear so you know what you’re getting into.”
Lyght looked over at Mikael, and was somewhat surprised to see his friend didn’t look all that concerned.  He shrugged, and said “We knew what we were getting into, Lyght.  We never really thought we were going to return to Kona permanently, did we?”
It was something of a surprise to have the question put to him so bluntly, but after a moment of thought Lyght shook his head.  He had always known, in a sense, that once he decided to go out on this limb, he could never go back.  And despite that, he had chosen it anyway.  He had to feel confident in that decision; and he did.  Or at least, for now he was.  He hoped that wouldn’t change if he met adversity.  That was one thing he could be sure was coming.  No, he hadn’t made the easy choice, but he’d made the right one, he hoped.
Lyght felt a drop on his shoulder, and looked up, sighing.  Rain.  And they had just started riding.  If Lyght could guess, he would bet Lyn would keep them riding through it.  Not the greatest first day of travel on horseback.  
Lyn tossed Lyght and Mikael each a pair of gloves and a black cloak, commanding, “Put these on and put your hood up.  You don’t want to get burned.”
Burned?  What does he…?  Lyght found out as a droplet hit the back of his hand, stinging.  The rain was picking up, stinging where it hit.  But not regular rain. 
Acid rain.


Chapter Sixteen
Sky opened her eyes.
Rolling over with a slight groan, she hit her lamp and looked at her clock – 12:05 AM.  She had only really gotten about two hours of sleep.  It would have to be enough.  She sat up in her bed, throwing the covers off and jumping up, already clothed, stretching and yawning.  Rubbing her eyes, Sky drew back the curtain and looked out the window.  It was Dark out; it had been for the last five minutes.  Yet, she was awake.
She knew she was the only one who was. 
Sky knew that outside of Dreamcasters, she was the only one who could wake up during Dark hours, which were from midnight to precisely eight in the morning every other night.  Apparently, only Dreamcasters were supposed to be physically capable doing this.  By contrast, normal people apparently felt the strongest urge to go to sleep right before midnight on Dark nights (not that they knew what the Dark was), and never woke up before the Dark dissipated at eight.  Because of this, Sky knew she wouldn’t meet anyone out in the village.  She didn’t want to.
She was a little bit bemused that Lyght just thought she would just hang back in the village and live her normal, boring life while he got to go off to the Capital and train under the most elite warriors in the land.  She had no desire to do anything similar to that, of course, but she did desire to do something as exciting.  Something that would overshadow even Lyght’s accomplishments, if she was successful.  It was odd, really, because it had been her brother’s idea originally.  In recent days, the idea had grown on her more and more.  Above all, she just wanted to do something.  And this something, if she could pull it off, would be pretty damn cool.
Sky wanted to seek out the Dark at it source; to learn more about it, to understand it, and maybe – if she felt the desire – to ultimately destroy it.  Yes, that did seem worthwhile.  For unlike anyone else save Kona’s two celebrated Dreamcasters, she had seen the Dark; known it, lived in it.  There was only one thing she was certain of about it; it was not right.  It wasn’t good, it wasn’t exactly bad either, but somehow it just didn’t feel natural.  
So, over the past few days, she’d planned out exactly how to go about this.  Phase one began tonight.
As she lithely exited her room, making sure to keep quiet – lest she wake up her parents – Sky called easily to mind the experience of being in the Dark.  The near-total blackness, dramatic and inexplicable changes to the landscape, the sense of lurking danger... no, it was definitely not natural.  And it was definitely a dangerous experience.  She had badly hurt herself a few times, and almost gotten herself killed more than once.  And when you were out in the Dark by yourself, you did not want to get hurt at all.  That could end very badly.
That’s why she was more prepared this time.  Jumping the last few steps quietly and landing catlike on the wooden floor below – her sneaking skills still serving her well – she snuck through the kitchen and quietly slipped out the front door, quick and silent as a breath.  Slinging her pack with all the necessary supplies over her shoulder, she stepped out into the grassy yard, wet with dew, and tried to see.  
One thing about the Dark was that the longer the night went on, the blacker it got.  At the beginning here, it was good that it was not total blackness yet, as her vision had yet to adjust.  Walking through the cool grass with bare feet – her preferred mode of travel – she looked up at the roiling, swirling ultra-black mass of the Dark in the sky and took a deep breath, mentally bracing herself.  Casting her eyes back and forth quickly, she found herself indeed alone.  Alright.
Ready.
Sky sprang forward lithely from her doorway and hit the dusty street running, flying at a full sprint through the village.  She didn’t have much time if she wanted to reach the port in northern Hope, where her “friends” waited to pick her up.  That, and she didn’t want to linger in the mysterious darkness – she sometimes felt as if it were alive somehow, like it knew what she was planning.  That couldn’t be right, could it?  Regardless, she didn’t feel very secure in the eerie darkness.  It just kind of… sat there, watching, like some sort of predator – full for the moment, but never entirely satisfied.  Everywhere, yet nowhere to be seen.  It really was very hard to describe unless you’d lived it.  And of course, the only ones who had outside of herself, apparently, had special powers to protect themselves.  She didn’t have that luxury.
As she ran, she glanced around intently at the shifting blackness – yes, she almost had forgotten how it moved like that – and tried to glean what she could about her mysterious enemy.  She couldn’t quite count on both hands how many times she had been out in the Dark, but it was less than twenty.  She hated it, she really did.  It was so unsettling.  The annoying part was that she couldn’t really figure out why.  Bad things just always seemed to happen to her when she was out in the Dark.
In short order, Sky had flown thrown through village at her top speed – which was pretty fast by anyone’s standards – and erupted out onto the main dirt road leading out of the village, looking back to see the village shining warmly for a split second before it vanished into the hungry darkness.  Red clay clung to her shoes as Sky settled into more even pace to avoid tiring herself out.  Arms pumping, eyes straight ahead, she settled into a state of relaxed mental reflection, while making sure to stay aware of her surroundings.  Now was the time to plan and strategize, while she was nice and alone.  She couldn’t go into this recklessly; she knew she had to have a plan.  She had to form a plan on the basis of the information she knew about the Dark, which was unfortunately not a lot.  She would have to expand and upgrade that information significantly, starting now.
So she began by visually tracing the Dark down from its source.  The Dark was visible on Dark nights as that ultra-black film in the sky.  Not only was it in the sky, but it seemed to come all the way to the ground to cover your position, wherever you were, then spread outward from there.  So at the beginning of the Dark night, although it wasn’t as black yet, one had the smallest field of vision, usually only a few feet either way.  Now, at about 12:15, her vision was ten feet at most in any direction.  As the night went on, the area of the Dark seemed to expand, and you could see farther and farther, even though it became blacker at the same time.  It was a really odd experience, and like she’d always thought, it didn’t seem natural somehow.
Frustratingly, Sky never had been able to learn much about the Dark through experiencing it and watching it; each time awake seemed to leave her more confused than she had been before.  She felt that somehow, she if anybody should be able to find out more about the mysterious entity that somehow forced everyone but Dreamcasters into a blissful sleep.  Sky was obviously different in this respect, and she burned to know why.  She needed to find out more about the Dark; what is was, how it operated, and why it existed, before she could decide whether she wanted to go through with trying to “destroy” it or not… whatever that entailed.  Sky shook her head at herself – she knew she’d let Lyght and Mikael’s overconfidence influence her.  How did one go about destroying a fundamental part of nature, anyway?  That wasn’t exactly an everyday task, but still… she couldn’t help but wanting to try.  As the only non-Dreamcaster who could stay awake in the Dark, she felt she had a responsibility to do it, if indeed it needed to be done.
That, and she was just downright annoyed that Lyght was overshadowing her again.  To be honest, she had been secretly impressed when Lyght told her he was going to try to find the source of the Dark and defeat it.  Honestly, she hadn’t ever thought that the Dark had a source, but it made sense – it had to come from somewhere, right?  Regardless, she was still kind of angry that she hadn’t thought of it first.  And now Lyght was just going to ditch the whole plan to run off and join the Legion?  For what?  That seemed unnaturally selfish of him. 
Or maybe she just wanted it to be.  Maybe she was selfish herself to think she could hold him back from making his own decisions concerning his journey.  Of course, she was pretty sure that the consensus among Dreamcasters – or so Lyght had told her – was that the Legion existed for the express purpose of protecting people from the Dark while they were asleep.  It made sense, really, because Dreamcasters were the only ones (oddly, besides her) who could remain awake.  The common people simply weren’t aware of any supernatural force acting on them, and probably wouldn’t believe you if you tried to tell them about it.  
So, in a way, Sky really couldn’t blame her foster brother for his decision – maybe he felt like this was the best way to accomplish his goal.  Maybe he really had done with for altruistic motives.  Or maybe – and she hoped this was not true – he had been simply hanging around Mikael for too long.  Sky liked Mikael, but even she, somewhat of an attention-seeker herself, did have to admit that Mikael really loved the spotlight.  She could picture all too well the ease with which Mikael would picture himself in the famous Legend uniform, and feared that his grandiose visions of achievement and glory had corrupted Lyght to make this decision for more selfish purposes.
Regardless of the specific reasons involved, Sky remained sure of one thing – she wanted to compete her brother, at all costs.  This wasn’t any sort of malicious intent; she merely wanted to prove that she could be just as good, or even better than him.  Despite the fact that she was not gifted with supernatural powers, despite the fact that she hadn’t received all the attention and praise growing up that those two had, she was believed unconditionally that she could do something just as heroic, something just as important.  If there was one thing that scared Sky more than anything else, it was mediocrity.  Irrelevancy.  No, she would not have it.  
There was also simply the fact that she truly believed that the Dark needed to be understood much better, if not outright destroyed.  Even if she couldn’t reverse the whole trend, she could better understand it, and better ensure the protection of her family and fellow villagers.  So, she did have a selfless motive too, right?  She told herself so, anyway.  She didn’t like to think she was in this for herself; that just wouldn’t be right.  No, The Dark was something that needed further study, for she was sure of one thing above all else – it was not her friend, nor anyone else’s.  Whether it was her enemy remained to be seen, but she thought she knew the answer to that.  She just felt it.
For now, everything was so still.
Then, all of a sudden, as if in answer to her thoughts, an earthquake hit; the shaking combined with her own momentum throwing her tumbling violently into the soft clay on the ground.  Damp as the clay was, it still hurt tremendously as she banged her head hard off a half-buried piece of granite on the side of the road.  She pulled herself up to her knees, vision flashing, as she tried not to lose consciousness.  It took all her coordination to avoid being knocked over again by the trembling earth.  After about a minute, it stopped.  Silence.
Sky released her tense crouching position and sat down hard upon the broken, torn up ground, exhaling and closing her eyes.  She sat waiting a few minutes for any potential aftershock, and seeing none, got slowly and gingerly to her feet, working slowly back into a jog, teeth gritted in pain.  She must’ve twisted her ankle as well in the sudden fall.  She hoped running on it wouldn’t further injure it, but she had to keep going.  The Dark wasn’t kind to stragglers.
Even running and keeping a low profile, Sky had been hit with an earthquake.  She’d never experienced one of those; during the day, night, or Dark even.  Earthquakes just didn’t happen this far south.  In fact, that technically shouldn’t have been possible; there were no fault lines in the area, as far as Sky knew.  However, this was just more proof that The Dark was somehow unnaturally affecting the landscape.  She doubted she could ever prove this, but she felt like it was somehow watching her, trying to challenge her right to be awake during its reign.  Well, she wasn’t going to sleep, if that’s what it wanted.
Eyes set determinedly, she slowly but increasingly worked her way up to a full run again.  She wouldn’t go down this easily…  No, not by a long shot.  She had to make it to the port town she aimed for by morning – Max’s hometown.  Her friends were waiting.  Her journey would start there.
And, she suddenly decided, it wouldn’t end until the Dark was destroyed.  Sky closed her eyes, smiling, noticing the irony.
In a way, Sky was declaring war on the sky itself.


Chapter Seventeen
Lyght saw the statue first.
Though the massive dark steel monolith stood in the channel on the far side of the city, it was so large it became visible to them hours before the city itself did.  Soaring thousands of feet into the air with its arms outstretched – as if to embrace all of humanity – the immense monument of King Decimader Vuruman was far and away the most awe-inspiring construct Lyght had seen in all of the Dreamscape, and he had been a lot of places when he and his father had been nomads.  Although he had never been to the capital itself, Lyght had in fact been close enough to have seen the statue, and had even sailed by the foot of it.  As a small child back then, he felt he was looking upon the likeness of God himself.
And, in a way – if the legacy of the Great Hero Decimader Vuruman was anything to judge by – he kind of was.  It still seemed surreal to Lyght that he was actually on his way to the capital city, invited by special invitation to train under a real Legend, with a legitimate chance to join the Legion.  To say it was the chance of a lifetime wouldn’t quite cover it.  Sometimes Lyght just had to shake his head in disbelief at how far he had come.  It astounded even him sometimes.
As Lyght was mired in thought, their horses were nearing Glory, the capital city of the Dreamscape.  Lyght could already see the hazy outline of soaring towers and massive fortresses in the distance.  Much closer, however, were the outskirts of Glory – the Belt, as it was called.  It was not very descriptive, so Lyght had been very curious to see what exactly this Belt was.  He knew that it was where the lower classes of the city dwelled, so he expected a lot of people crammed into a smaller area.  This was essentially the gist, but he was still somewhat shocked at what he found.
As Lyght, Mikael, and Lyn rode into the Belt, a very interesting sight presented itself.  By now, the massive dark steel buildings that earned Glory its nickname – “The City of Steel” – were visible but well ahead, off towards the center of the city, with their backs to the wide, flowing channel.  Below them, strewn in a giant ring – or belt – lay scattered rows upon rows of shorter steel buildings, strewn haphazardly around twisting cobbled streets and uneven squares.  These buildings were made of steel, but not “dark steel” – the tough, imposing, and even beautiful smoky blue metal that was the primary material used in every building, save the palace “Triumph”, in the heart of King Decimader’s capital.  No, these buildings were made of ordinary steel, and it showed.  Rampant corrosion and red rust completely dominated these structures, which Lyght could only suppose came from the acid rain that had been falling every night.  This was definitely odd; now that he thought of it, considering Lyght didn’t remember any acid rain falling in the Pride domain as a child.
Nonetheless, Lyght couldn’t help nudging Mikael on the arm and pointing as they rode past a particularly hard-hit building, apparently a factory, in which massive rusted out holes allowed bystanders to see nearly the entire interior of most of the floors.  “See that?  This is incredible.  How can The King let his own city go through that?”
Mikael shook his head, but Lyn brought his gaze back down from Triumph and answered “As you might have surmised, the acid rain that plagues this city and the entire domain didn’t begin on a regular basis until just less than a year ago.  Of course, dark steel is far too valuable and difficult to make to build a whole city on it.  The regular steel used in the Belt never became a problem until acid rain began falling every night and corroding the metal.  And, before you ask, we still don’t know why it only falls at night.  I have it in good confidence that this is something the King is very worried about, but… I just don’t know what you can do about that.”
Lyght took the Legend at his word, but somehow still found the striking difference between the Belt and the dark steel city center very odd.  Even if these buildings hadn’t been rusted out and falling apart, they would still pale in comparison to the majestic, soaring dark steel towers in the heart of the city.  The King was renowned far and wide as being a man of the people, first and foremost.  To Lyght, at least, what he was seeing here didn’t fit with what he had heard.  There was nothing glorious about the Belt in Glory.  Lyght was having trouble reconciling what he had heard about the capital with what he was actually seeing. 
As they rode up the broken, uneven cobblestone street through the Belt, children playing barefoot in the street stopped and stared up with wide eyes.  Although they had surely seen Legends before in the city, the sight of this absolutely massive one, along with two other armed companions on enormous war horses, was clearly a bit intimidating.  Lyght tried to nod assuringly to them as they passed, but he was not sure if he was doing a great job.  Mikael seemed to be successful enough; however, smiling down at the kids and reaching down to high five and fist-bump them as they passed.  Lyght almost said something, but closed his mouth and looked away.  Just because Mikael was comfortable with strangers, why should he care?  He kind of envied his friend, to be honest.  His open confidence was a trait that Lyght felt should try and cultivate more in himself anyway. 
When they had passed the group, Lyn actually spoke unprompted for once – a rarity.  “If you two ever become Legends”, he said in that deep, solemn voice of his, “you will need to learn the protocol for interacting with civilians.  That is – to not interact if at all possible.  The essence of a Legend is the image.  While we let ourselves be seen, we do not speak to, acknowledge, or make eye-contact with civilians if at all possible.  In this way, we underline the difference between us and preserve the higher order.  We are on an entirely different mission, and we have to conduct ourselves on a higher, independent plane as a result.  But I’m sure two Dreamcasters of your caliber, untrained as you are, already understand this.” 
Lyght frowned, extremely put off by this remark – a veritable speech by Lyn’s standards.  While Lyght had trouble maintaining the extroversion and outward-confidence that Mikael naturally displayed, he did think his friend generally interacted with people the right way.  What was the point of having incredible powers or being in the Legion, if you were supposed to cut yourself off from ordinary people?  Lyght would just have to wait and see other Legends before he rushed to a judgment – his gut told him that Lyn was a special case.  Of course he wouldn’t like interacting with others, but that didn’t mean his tendencies would necessarily be universal in the revered Legion.  Lyght had trouble seeing how a group that would cut themselves off like that would become so universally respected, and even worshipped.
Mikael actually laughed out loud before Lyght could say anything, however.  Lyght cringed a little – you didn’t just laugh at a Legend.  He would have thought even Mikael knew that.  Apparently not.  Or maybe he just didn’t care, because he went on without a second thought, “Don’t give me that nonsense.  I don’t believe that just because we have a special ability, or special training, we get to ignore those who don’t.  The way I see it”, he glanced over at Lyght, “and the way Lyght sees it too, is that these ‘ordinary people’ are the ones who make it possible for us to become extraordinary in the first place.”
Mikael drew himself up, looking at Lyn, waiting for a response, but none came.  The Legend just stared at the approaching dark steel towers in the center of Glory, a solemn and wistful look on his face.  Lyght wasn’t even sure if he had paid attention to what Mikael had said in response.  If he had, he didn’t show it.  Seeing his silence, Mikael just shook his head and turned to Lyght, “I tried.  Can’t say I didn’t do that.  What do you think, Lyght?  Care to jump in on this philosophical debate on the role of leaders in our society?  That’s the kind of thing you like to read about, right?”
Lyght just shook his head and changed the subject, “Where are we headed, Lyn?  Are we going to the center of the city?”
Lyn was a few seconds in answering.  When he did, he looked down at Lyght and nodded.  “We are en route to your quarters in what we call “the Heart” – the center of city, those dark steel buildings that you see ahead.  The Belt surrounds the Heart in a three-quarter circle, and the Heart borders on the channel and the Central Bridge, and controls access to both.  Your living quarters – for the duration of your time at the Legion Academy – are located in the Royal Hotel on the waterfront.”
Mikael pumped a fist behind Lyn’s back, and Lyght had to smile a little.  After several weeks spent camping out in the open, their tents not doing enough to entirely stop the deluge of acid rain nightly, a warm bed and a sheltered room would be very welcome.  Although Lyght wasn’t as open with his reaction, he felt a surge of gratitude at the thought.
After a few moments, Lyn continued speaking, “Don’t check out yet though.  I know the Heart doesn’t look very far from here, but it actually is.  The Belt really is massive, and covers almost the entirety of this peninsula.  It’s not for nothing that Glory is far and away the most populous city in the Dreamscape, you know.”
And it did indeed seem to take longer than Lyght had anticipated, as they rode on mostly in silence throughout the rest of the morning, and through the afternoon as well.  Evening was coming on when Mikael groaned and spoke for the first time in hours, “Damn.  How big is this city?  I thought we were minutes from the center this morning, and we’re still not even there yet.  How can I even tell if we’re close?  I thought those dark steel buildings looked big before, but we weren’t even close then.  They’re huge now.”
Lyght definitely could see what Mikael meant.  Before, Lyght had been impressed with the intricately crafted, yet massive dark steel city center ahead.  However, hours and hours later, and closer still to the structures, they appeared now to be nothing less than the most massive things Lyght had ever laid eyes upon – excluding the statue of the King in the channel.  Most, if not all of the buildings pierced the low clouds that had rolled in a couple hours ago, and they increasingly made the Belt below look more and more insignificant.
However, they were not much longer in finally getting to the Heart of the city.  Within the hour, as the sun was sinking low on the horizon, the three companions rode up to a massive dark steel gate – hundreds of feet tall – with gold leaf plating forming an intricate twisting flame pattern across the bars; the King’s royal insignia.  Lyght craned his neck to look upward, and was so intent on taking in the beautiful architecture that he almost missed the guard posted below say “Ah, Lyn!  Welcome back!  New recruits, I see?”
Lyght lowered his gaze, frowning, to look at the guard who was speaking.  There was something… odd in his voice that had confused Lyght when he first heard it.  What was it?  He sounded a bit like Mikael in a way… commanding, confident.  Odd traits for a city guard.
The guard in question was quite tall – a bit taller than Mikael, even, but not on Lyn’s level.  He seemed to be a bit older than Lyn’s, perhaps; in his early thirties or so.  He had jet black hair shot through with silver, and stormy gray eyes that were intense, yet curious.  Despite the silver streak in his hair, and the slight slouch in his walk, the man seemed young enough.  Come to think of it, Lyght hadn’t seen why he had necessarily assumed the individual to be a guard.  Because he was posted at the gate, maybe?  In any event, he might have been waiting for them in particular, for he was not in standard military uniform.  Instead, he wore an elegant, finely cut cloak of jet black – accented with silver – and matching boots.  He wasn’t armed, which also seemed odd.  His straight-backed, confident posture indicated that he was not worried about it.
“You can follow me.”  With a motion, the tall man signaled to someone posted atop the massive gates, and seconds later the swung open slowly, with a massive grating sound, before sliding to a stop with a boom, leaving a space plenty wide enough for them to head through.
The man did not have a horse himself, so they had to dismount and walk their horses through the city as they headed towards the waterfront, which was not very far now.  This worked fine, in a way, because their horses were exhausted by this point.  Lyght was torn strongly between staring around in awe at the dark steel towers soaring around them – intricately carved with flowing artistic designs, statues, waterfalls, even gardens – and examining their oddly compelling guide.  The man spoke up as they walked, making the decision a little easier.
“I hear that neither of you have been to Glory before”, he said in his soft, yet commanding voice.  Lyght frowned.  How does he know that?  He continued nonetheless, “So you’ve probably never seen dark steel before.  It’s one of our specialties in Pride – we use it for our most important cities, and even for certain weapons.  Don’t ask how it’s made though; only the King knows that.  And unfortunately, I don’t think he is likely to tell anyone.”   
As they continued walking, the tall man described the buildings they passed – the Central Bank, the Citadel (the main base of the military), the Senate chambers, the Legion headquarters, and much more.  The attention to detail with these buildings, considering their monstrous size, absolutely astounded Lyght.  At any given point on a building, flowing scenes of battle (likely involving the formation of the Dreamscape, Lyght figured), feasts, or stories were etched out in the finest detail, reaching all the way up to the cloud level above, which still shrouded the upper third of the buildings. 
But none compared to Triumph, the palace and stronghold of King Decimader Vuruman.  Scintillating even under the overcast sky, the tower of pure diamond pierced the clouds like a shard, slanting narrower as it shot upward.  Although he couldn’t see now because of the clouds, Lyght knew from what he had seen earlier, when they were farther away, that Triumph rose higher; much higher than any other structure in Glory – nearly to the level of the statue.  When they had first seen it, Lyght had been fascinated to see that the tip of the building was clouded by what was clearly Dark – he hadn’t been able to remotely see through the diamond up there.  
They reached the waterfront in relatively short order, and only had to pass two more buildings before they reached the hotel.  After the massive structures they had passed, the hotel seemed small and quaint.  It was anything but, however, soaring over a hundred stories into the air, with countless rooms complete with balconies all around.  This must service the entirety of the visiting population to the Heart of the city.
“This is where we leave you”, their tall man escort said in his oddly charismatic voice, clapping Lyn on the shoulder as a hotel employee led their horses away.  The wind kicked up, coming off the channel, and blew the man’s black hair around of his intense gray eyes.  
Lyght met them for a moment, and felt and odd… connection.  A strongly emotional one.  His heart started going faster, and he had to work to keep his composure.  What was going on?  He felt like he had known this man very well – as a child or something – and had forgotten about him.  Yes, he felt like he knew him very well.  But from where?   Lyght gritted his teeth in annoyance, trying to remember.  Where had he seen this man?
The moment broke as the man glanced out toward the channel at the statue.  Lyght followed his gaze, then experienced a shock.
Wait a second…
“Best of luck in your future.  I’ll see you again soon, I think.  I look forward to it.”
With no explanation, the man turned, nodded to Lyn to follow, and left – wind whipping his black cloak behind him like a shadow.


Chapter Eighteen
Blue snow blew past the dirty window in the dying light, drifting in deep swirling mounds against the sides of the steel building, building slowly higher by the minute.  The icy tempest roared and swirled, high winds and driving snow rendering the deep blue mountains in the distance barely visible.  The structure of the old steel building groaned mightily as the gale blasted it head on, screaming like a steel titan in its death throes.  Aside from the guttering lamplight, all was deep blue and blackness.  Wind whistled shrilly through the cracks in the old window, and the steel floor burned with cold, sending spikes of numbness through shoes of any thickness.  A barely visible, massive pine bent violently below, icy tears whipping off it as it verged on being ripped out of the frozen ground it was rooted in.
“Seth?  Seth, are you even listening?”
The large young man named Seth, seated before a dark wooden table in a chair turned backwards – his arms resting on the chair back – started slightly and looked around from his contemplation of the outside to look at his friend who had spoken.  Seth met his eyes to indicate that he was listening, and continued to spin his dagger around on the table; wishing they could break up this meeting and go somewhere warmer.  Unfortunately, that didn’t look to be happening in the immediate future.  The young man standing before the table speaking jumped back into what he was saying and continued on, gesturing into the air and pacing back and forth.
Although Seth knew this young man very well, he still found it useful to observe even the little details about him.  The more you knew, you more you could do, one of Seth’s old mentors had always been fond of saying.  Seth liked to consider himself very observant by nature.  And one certainly needed all their wits about them when dealing with this one before them – a certain young man named Troy.  
Anything but ordinary, Troy’s force of personality and impressive presentation preceded him.  Everyone who had heard of the Dream Syndicate’s leader, even if they hadn’t met him, knew of his famed charisma and natural penchant for leadership.  He would have, in Seth’s opinion, bordered on outright arrogant… if he hadn’t been so damn good.  No matter what you said about him, you could not take that away.
The leader of the Dream Syndicate surprised a lot of people who didn’t know a lot about him or the organization – for starters, he was only twenty-one years old.  Tall, athletic, and carelessly attractive – just like his twin sister, sitting to his right at the moment – Troy was one of those people that when he talked, you listened.  
Well, unless you had known him for years like Seth, who – to be honest – didn’t even want to be here right now.  Seth had known Troy and his twin sister Kiara for over five years now.  He truly enjoyed working with them, he really did, but he just didn’t feel exactly like having a strategy meeting at the moment.  Seth was not one easily distracted, so it spoke volumes that he had trouble focusing in on Troy.  
Details, details.  Look, observe.  Understand.  
Unfortunately for Seth, the details were not too interesting or unique right now.  Troy wore his usual sleeveless black shirt, with pull-on black sleeves covering from just above his elbows down his forearms, and up to his wrists.  Apparently he wore these for warmth against the bitter high northern cold, but Seth tended to think it was more for appearance’s sake.  One the exposed portion of his upper right arm, Troy had an elaborate “D” tattoo, as well as a matching “S” one on his left – standing for “Dream Syndicate”, the organization that was Troy’s true passion and life meaning, as well as Seth’s.  It was the organization they both led together, along with Kiara and one other person.  Although it was stressful sometimes, Seth loved it, he really did.  If nothing else, Seth just liked the companionship of it all.
As Seth watched, Troy pushed his long brown hair to the side as he gestured at a map behind him, clearing up his vision for those fascinating, deep purple eyes of his – another thing that made him and his twin sister so revered and mysterious in the northern domains.  Seth admittedly found the color odd, but he guessed he just knew the two of them all too well to see them with this same mystique.  He was used to them after all these years.  They didn’t have quite the same powerful effect on him as he had seen them have on others.  Typically. 
Seth forced himself to focus in on Troy’s speech as well.  He was pointing to a map of the northern domains detailing the domains of Hate, Sorrow, Confusion, and Fear – the latter being Seth’s Domain of origin.  Troy and Kiara had grown up with separate parents in the early years of their life, in the domains of Hate (Troy) and Sorrow (Kiara).  The last individual in the room with them, Iridia (or Iri, for short) – sitting back now in her chair with her boots up on the table, looking as bored as Seth felt – was from Confusion, rounding out the last of the domains.  The four original founders and leaders of the Dream Syndicate hailed one from each northern domain, and had started the organization just over five years ago, in their teenage years.  It still astounded Seth sometimes how far they had come.
Troy went on in that self-assured, confident voice of his, “…and so we’ve made significant gains over the past few weeks in chasing back those in Hate, Sorrow, and Confusion.  The exception, and as of now it is a very significant one, is in the Fear domain.  Unfortunately, enemy numbers still remain at nearly a dozen in the deepest reaches of our territory, and that’s troublesome.  Very troublesome.”
Troy looked at Seth with those deep purple eyes of his, frowning.  “What’s going on up there, Seth?  I thought our plan would drive the enemies out of your domain first, since they were furthest out and wouldn’t want to be cut off from their allies.  I hate to say that they haven’t retreated, not one bit.  I hesitate to bring this up but… you are trying to carry out the plan, aren’t you?  You’re usually so successful; I have a hard time seeing you struggle with this, even considering who we’re up against.”  Troy stopped for a moment, thinking, then drew himself up and continued on, self-assured as always, “I’m sorry Seth, but until such time as you actually decide to help us here, I think we’re really going to have to…”
Seth jumped up all of a sudden, kicking his chair – hard – and sending it crashing into the wall, drawing a startled reaction from Iridia and even a look of concern from Kiara.  They all knew what he was capable of.  Seth knew Troy had just been about to have him turn over command for the Fear domain on this mission, perhaps to himself or his sister.  Well, Seth wasn’t having it.  Those were his people, not Troy’s.  As much as he loved the guy, he needed to understand that.
Seth walked over to Iri and held his hand out, still looking at Troy.  “Oh, come on, do we really have to…?”, Iri started, but stopped at the look Seth gave her.  Sighing and closing her eyes, she drew out the foot-long, dagger-like giant pen sheathed at her waist – her “Ink Sword”, the channel of focus for her Dreamcasting power.  Seth could not use it as a fraction well as Iridia, but it would suit his purpose now.  Walking slowly up to Troy, letting him feel the tension of the moment, Seth stopped right in front of him and looked down into his deep purple eyes.  Even though Troy was fairly tall, Seth was taller.  Faster and stronger too.  It wasn’t for nothing that he was the lethal assassin known as “Zero”, a mysterious figure in all-black known to be the most efficient and effective in the North.   
No one outside of his friends here connected the fearful Zero with Seth, or so he hoped.  He liked to keep his two identities separate.  Or, he liked to think he did.
Regardless of all of this, Troy did not seem intimidated in the slightest by Seth.  This was probably because he knew Seth was a friend, but also because Troy didn’t really get frightened.  Or at least, he didn’t show it.  Seth had never known anyone quite like his friend Troy; he didn’t seem to fear anything.  Some would say Seth didn’t either, but they would be wrong.  He had grown up in fear – literally (the domain), and figuratively.  He knew fear, he understood it.  He had lived it.  And he hated it.  However, he also knew that Zero inspired fear, perhaps more than any other living person in the North.  Seth could never forgive himself for that.
Seth took a half-step back and simply drew two words in the air with Iridia’s pen, then crossed his arms, looking for Troy’s reaction as he read them.  A slightly amused reaction crossed his friend’s face as he read the words, then shook his head.
Trust me, they said.
Seth then waved the pen, and sent each word spinning forward, planting themselves over the tattoos on his upper arms.  They would stay there until such time that Seth, as the one who performed the act, decided to remove them.  Troy opened his mouth to say something, but at that moment the door opened and a guard poked his head in tentatively, freezing at the scene – Troy tensed at the front of the room, Seth standing tall a few feet away, Dreamcasting pen drawn.  “Um…”, the guard started.
Troy shook his head, “Tch.  Come in, it’s fine.  What do you want?  This is an important meeting we’re having here.”
The guard drew himself up and saluted, “There’s a messenger here to see you, sir.  He says it’s of the highest urgency.  He is sorry, but he demands to see you now.  You can come back to the meeting with the information he has given you when he is done, he says.”
“Demands to see me?”, Troy said coolly, but continued on before the guard could respond, “Fine, alright.  Lead me to them.”  At the door, Troy turned and paused for a moment, then – clearly with some effort, smiled and looked back at Seth – “alright, I trust you.  I’ll need you to take these things off me when I get back.”  With that, Troy turned with a half-smile and followed the guard out, shutting the door.
A few seconds went by before Iri sighed loudly and slumped down in her chair.  Seth nodded his thanks to her and tossed the pen back, which she caught and sheathed with a careless hand, shaking her head.  “Awkwarddddd”, she said into the silence, rolling her eyes.  Seth looked apologetically at Kiara, but she did not seem to upset by his actions.  She just raised her eyebrows and even smiled a little.  This was good, as Seth knew she could be even more hard-line than Troy himself at times. 
Seth just walked over to the window, staring out again at the snow blowing hard past the window.  It was almost fully night outside now.  Since darkness fell earlier this time of year and this far north, it would be hours yet before The Dark came.  He sighed inwardly; maybe his display had been a bit too over the top.  He had wanted to make a point of showing Troy that we was not OK with any insinuations that he wasn’t trying his hardest to protect his own people against his own territory.  Usually, Troy wouldn’t have said something like that to Seth, anyway.  As it was, he probably didn’t mean it.  And usually, Seth wouldn’t have overreacted by walking up to him so threateningly – even if he was only doing so to carry out his necessary writing response.  Seth sensed that they were all a little on edge lately.  He needed to do a better job of not caving into the pressure – the others were doing an admirable job of that as it was.  He needed to do better.  
I’ll hold myself to that.
As it was, Seth had needed to respond in writing to Troy’s accusation.  He couldn’t let something that important slide and, as had always been the case, his only means of response was through writing.  He supposed he hadn’t needed to go overboard by Dreamcasting with Iri’s pen, but that was over and done with.  Seth needed to write to communicate regardless; for as long as he could remember, Seth could not speak.  He was mute.  It was very odd, because he could hear, feel, taste, smell, and everything else on a much higher level than any normal people, but he simply could not speak.  He had made a special point of learning how to read and write – not very common in his domain – so he could communicate with others.  
Seth’s bizarrely heightened senses, along with his natural strength and speed, had essentially given him the tools he needed to become the most lethal assassin in the land – Zero – from a young age.  He had only decided a little over five years ago that he could be Seth too.  That he could be who he was supposed to be, rather than who he had turned out to be.  He still thought he could simply be himself.  No more Zero, no more assassinations.  That was what he wanted, to ultimately just be Seth.  He wasn’t sure though how well it was working out, and that really stressed him sometimes.  What kind of twisted person could kill with the best of them, but couldn’t even be themselves?
Seth’s thoughts were cut off as the door banged open again, and Troy stood in the doorway, arms raised up in a triumphant gesture, eyes gleaming.  He seemed to notice his friends looking at the words burned into his upper arms.  “We’ll get that later”, he said distractedly.  “But guess what, guys?  This just turned into the most high-level, significant meeting we’ve had in years.”
Kiara looked up with interest, “What did the messenger say?  Did the enemy withdraw from Fear?
Troy shook his head, smiling.  “No, better.  I have it on good information from our ‘top source’ that The Legion has identified and is bringing two individuals to the capital – two young men, from the region of Hope, who are Dreamcasters.”  Troy paused appreciatively at the intake of breath around the room.  He spread his arms out, “You guys know what this means right?  They’ve finally found them.  We’ve finally found them.”
“The Heirs have been found and named.  Ladies and gentlemen”, Troy pulled out a pair of pictures, superimposed onto thick paper by a Dreamcasting technique similar to Iri’s ability, “meet Lyght and Mikael.  The first two Dreamcasters ever from the Hope region.  And according to our source, these two are probably the Heirs.  We need to track these two down; to get to them before our enemy realizes what he’s got.”
“Guys, get your Southern clothes out, if you have any – we’re going to Glory.”


Chapter Nineteen
Magma swirled and heat rippled the sulfuric, smoggy air as Decimader Vuruman tried to concentrate.  He hated the stifling heat nearly as much as the acid rain that fell every night without remorse on his great city. 
The one good thing about the acid rain was that it couldn’t reach underground.  Here, in the burning fire pits beneath Mount Victorious, northwest of Glory, it was hard to even tell night from day.  Although Decimader knew that it was night above (Dark, as the clueless call it, he thought shaking his head), the fiery light of the pits gave no indication of the time of day.  The shifting glow and searing heat gave one a sense of vertigo if they overstayed their welcome, the King had found.  He tried to focus in on the manuscript engraved in black twisting letters on the wall.  They formed the foundation of his plans, the embodiment of his hopes.  They were the Covenant.  Short and to the point, these words nonetheless formed the basis for Decimader’s plans and ambitions.
Hope will rise, and heed its call,
For at their whim the sky may fall,
Around the living breathing Heir,
By chosen two of no compare.

The fire that burned,
The one who turned,
The world to paradise has yearned,

For this.

And now, the world will know peace,
War and death and sorrow forever cease.
These words had suddenly appeared on this wall a few years ago, found by a group of miners who had previously used this passageway frequently for their operations.  Of course, they hadn’t appeared as words to the miners, merely dark scribbles on the wall.  They were however, so mysterious that the miners reported their sudden appearance to their superiors.  As a result, the King had come across vague mention of them in the veritable mountain of business reports he had to scan annually – one of his more tedious responsibilities.  Never had he dreamed that practice would clue him in to something this important.  
Intrigued by the slight possibility he’d sensed, Decimader had come to the mining town personally and made the voyage down to investigate the strange symbols himself.  He had been shocked but thrilled to find that he did in fact recognize the strange scratchings on the wall, although they were not at all strange to him.  They were his native language, Godran.  He never used it anymore, for obvious reasons, but he was the only one in the entire Dreamscape who understood it.  Naturally. 
Admittedly, it had taken him awhile, but he had finally connected the dots that the “chosen two of no compare” must be from the region of Hope, based off the first line.  Furthermore, they were likely Dreamcasters, for Decimader was sure only a Dreamcaster could defeat the Heir, who would obviously have the power himself.  It was very odd, but when the King had made this connection, he had realized there had never in a thousand years been any Dreamcasters born in Hope.  The Legion was charged with keeping tabs on all Dreamcasters in the realm, and they had never come across any from Hope.  Surely, if two Dreamcasters suddenly appeared out of the Hope region, they would be the ‘chosen two’ described in the Covenant, right?  It definitely seemed that way.  
Regardless, he found it hard to get the passages out of his mind – it was like they were burned into his brain and his psyche.  Finally, he had a real way to find and defeat the Heir.  He was cautiously optimistic about the chances for success, but optimistic all the same.  He hadn’t gotten this far by being pessimistic or giving up, that was for sure.
Molten red lava sprayed against a stalagmite behind Decimader as he turned from his study of the Covenant and looked over at his companion, Lyn.  It was funny, really.  Lyn was a member of the Legion, indeed, and that made him by default a high-ranking leader in the King’s system.  However, despite the fact that he was merely the Academy teacher – one of the lower ranking positions – he was one of Decimader’s must trusted advisors, and even friends.  The King trusted few other people as much.  Not even the First Legend, to be honest.  As much as he admired the man, Decimader never could get himself to see completely past his background.  He felt this level of caution was probably a good thing when it came to an important matter like who to trust.
But with Lyn, no such calculations were present.  Decimader didn’t need logic or reasons to trust this man; he just did – implicitly and completely.  Had he not, he would never have brought him down to see the Covenant, or have Lyn advise him on such a critical and tricky matter.  It also helped a great deal that the two subjects of the Covenant were ones that Lyn had spent the last few weeks traveling with, and would spend the next few months training.  Yes, his perspective and ideas were critical on this issue.  
Decimader ran a hand through his thick dark hair, shot down the middle with its line of silver, and sighed, trying to think.  But he was getting nowhere with thinking, he thought himself in circles sometimes.  He needed to engage Lyn in his plans.  That was, after all, why he had brought the enormous man down in the first place.  
“So”, Decimader began, drawing his friend’s eyes away from the burning, swirling magma, “I face a problem here that I have an issue with solving: how do I fully equip these two described in the Covenant to carry out their mission?  You will, after all, be charged as their teacher and as a member of the Legion with training them for this special mission.  This is the mission I originally created the Legion to complete, as you know.  The mission that these two are destined by the Covenant to fulfill; to locate and capture the Heir, bringing a new golden era and a second Ascendance, as promised.”
Lyn nodded, “Right.  It is my honor to be charged with this critical mission.  In truth, it’s what I’ve been waiting for my entire life.  The chance to significantly aid in the completion of the Legion’s mission is something that every Legend dreams of from the moment the cloak touches their shoulders.  Also, as a teacher, I would love nothing else more than to personally train the two individuals mentioned in the Covenant.  It’s the highest honor.”
Decimader inclined his head, looking up at his friend, “And I trust fully that you’ll do as good a job as anybody – better, even.”  He paused and thought for a moment.  “I know I don’t need to tell you how important this job is, but understand that this is the most important task I’ve ever asked any Legend to undertake, and that includes every First Legend that has ever served under me.  I have no doubt as to your ability to work with these two, but I want to know; what do you think about all this?  You always were a person who liked to have all the information before you make a decision.  Well, you have it.  So what do you think?”
Lyn paused thoughtfully for a moment, then nodded slightly to himself and drew himself up to his considerable height to address the King of the Dreamscape.  “You’re right.  I do appreciate having all the information.  And I must say I am excited to accept this mission.  However, I apologize to say it, but I feel as if there are some things missing that I do not understand.  The one critical thing I’m missing here is the context.  I know some of these questions may be a little personal, and you may not want to answer them, but I would appreciate it as your friend and vassal if you did.  I need to know the context here.”  Lyn stopped and looked over for his friend’s reaction.
Decimader nodded curiously, “Go on.”
Lyn spread his hands out and said, “I need to know the background.  You’ve always been King of the Dreamscape, right?  Well, what were the factors that led to the creation of all the elements we see here: the Legion, the Heir, the Covenant, the Dark, even Dreamcasting itself?  Have these always existed?  If so, why, and how do they relate to each other?  All of this”, Lyn said expansively, gesturing vaguely above to indicate the world, “how did it get to be this way?  I guess that’s my overall question.  How did all of this come about?”
Lyn stopped and looked down at Decimader, who was standing with his arms crossed, a puzzled look on his face.  “Sorry.”
“No”, Decimader said after a moment, waving his hand in the air, “No apology needed, my friend.  You ask some great questions.  Questions, I might add, that are very legitimate, but that I have never answered.  And for good reason.  What you’re about to hear is of the highest importance that you keep secret.  I will disclose it to help you understand the… context of your mission, as you put it, but you must swear on your honor as a Legend that you will never tell anyone else what you are about to hear.”
Decimader watched as Lyn nodded affirmatively and brought his right fist over his heart to indicate that he agreed and swore by his status as a Legend.  “Right”, Decimader said, turning and walking over to stare out at the twisting mass of lava below.  Restless, on fire.  He felt as if he could understand it; he burned to get something off his chest as well.  Decimader Vuruman closed his eyes in gratitude at himself for finally allowing himself to talk about all of this.  It was long past time. 
After a few moments of silence, the King in all-black shrugged his shoulders and mumbled, “Where to begin…”  He cleared his throat and spoke up louder, “Well, I suppose to understand the Dreamscape, and all the ‘elements’ in it that you named, you first have to understand the past of me, its leader.”
Out of the corner of his eye, Decimader thought he saw a very odd look cross Lyn’s face.  Exasperation, maybe?  No, he must be seeing things.  He couldn’t get distracted or slip up in his explanation.  He continued on.
“Long ago, way before I was born, the story goes that a divine being appeared to my people living in the world called ‘Gaien’ and gave them a gift, and along with it an identity and a mission.  Though we were the only highly-intelligent life in Gaien, understand that we were not human.  Well, not in the literal sense of the word, anyway.  
Regardless, this ‘gift’ the being gave us was an ancient form of Dreamcasting.  Apparently, my ancestors, the mortal ‘Godra’ race, took this power and virtual immortality in exchange for the lives they had been leading in Gaien, and ascended spiritually and physically into their new home – the ‘Aether’.  This is known as the Ascendancy. 
Once established with their new powers in Aether, the now unified Godra split responsibilities along the two great clans who had warred for ages on Gaien.  From there, each clan split into two ‘families’, and each family created a ‘race’ of its own to populate and inhabit Gaien in their absence.  One clan, the Arvin, split into the Kuru and my own family, the Vuru.  The Vuru created and operated as deities of the human race, while the Kuru did the same for the humans’ ‘bond’ race, as it was called”  Hence my surname ‘Vuruman’ – family of Vuru, creator of man.  
Taking a deep breath, Decimader continued, in full flow now, “The other clan, the Sable, split into the Thyr – they created the Draethynys, the “Sky Lords” race – and the Fyr, who created a race that… well, it’s hard to understand if you’ve never seen them.  I wish you could’ve seen them, they were pretty amazing.”
“Anyway”, the King went on, “the agreement between the original divine being and the Godra was that they would essentially do the job of creation, through Dreamcasting, and maintenance of their races on Gaien via religious worship for about fifty thousand years.  The agreement stated that at the end of the fifty thousand years, each Godra would use a special power to be given at this time to create an ‘Heir’, or essentially create a reincarnation of himself to be born as a member of the race he had created.  They would then get to live out a full mortal lifetime as a member of a defined race, in the now populated and developed Gaien, before dying a natural death.”
Decimader shook his head.  Natural death.  That was an idiotic thing to agree to.  What’s the point of being a god if you can die?  No, dying is obviously not a befitting fate for my race.  I still see no reason to fall, when we can rise again.  Why throw away life?
Decimader sighed and looked out over the lava.  He had come to the crucial point.  He had to make a quick decision.  To tell him or not?
No, he thought.  Don’t tell him yet, if ever.  You know how his bias would ruin your credibility.  He wouldn’t understand.  He wasn’t there, he wasn’t one of us.  You would have to know what it was like back then to understand what happened.  Worse yet, what would happen if the information got spread around?  I trust him, but…
The King caught Lyn looking at him intensely, perhaps a little angrily, as if he really wanted to hear what Decimader said happened next.  Or was it… that he knew what happened next?  Wait… why did he think that?  That didn’t make any sense.  I really need some sleep, Decimader thought, rubbing his eyes with exhaustion.  My thoughts aren’t making any sense lately. 
Decimader continued, “Now, to wrap it up, you need to understand that no Godra died during the whole fifty thousand years, though new ones were certainly born.  It turned what was once a small group into an absurdly massive, intricate society over the millennia.  Things got too complicated, too fast, and well… there was a massive coup, which sparked the old clan war mentality all over again and destroyed the Godra before they could complete their original mission given to them by the first deity.  
Gaien fell apart without their guidance.  I – only about a thousand years old at the time – was the leader of a small faction who saw sense and tried to save things.  It was too late.  The rest of my comrades got caught up like everyone else and… they were all killed in the fighting.  But through some divine hand, I think, I alone managed to survive.  The last member of the Godra race, I took leadership of what was left of the crumbling world, and built the Dreamscape you see today.  It’s far from perfect, I know, but I was able to preserve something that maintained highly-intelligent life here.  The other races, I couldn’t stop them from dying out, but I could save my family’s own human race just in time.  That’s why they call me ‘The Hero’, although I’m a bit uncomfortable with the name.”
Decimader paused, realizing he was speaking increasingly fast.  He intentionally slowed down and took a deep breath.  “You know the rest.  I formed the Legion to find the lone Heir who was created before the downfall of the Godra, for he is a threat to the entire human race’s survival.  He is the reincarnation of the most prominent warmonger who destroyed my entire race.  As the leader and protector of the entire human race, I won’t let that happen.  I swore to myself a thousand years ago I would protect my people at all costs.  That hasn’t changed.”
Decimader turned, hands on his hips, and looked at Lyn.  “Now you understand the context.  So… you’ll do it, I assume?”
Lyn, for some reason, seemed both disappointed and disgusted at the same time.  He was trying to hide it, but not well.  Decimader was confused at his reaction.  Maybe he was just seeing things; he was so tired, as it was.  Regardless of what he thought, Lyn walked forward and clapped his liege and friend on the shoulder, smiling. 
“Yeah.  Yeah, I’ll do it.”


Chapter Twenty
They came for him at 4 AM.
Lyght had been asleep, regenerating his spirit level, when the door had banged open all of a sudden, revealing a military sergeant he had never seen before.  Without any explanation or apology, the loud stern man had driven him out of bed, bid him to dress and to follow him downstairs.  When Lyght tried to protest, the man had simply whipped out a thick black rod from his belt and cracked Lyght across the knee with it.  After a few moments of blinding pain, Lyght had asked the man, eyes watering, who he was and what he was doing here.  All the man had had to say to that was, “Me?  I’m one of your instructors.  Follow me, and stay quiet.”
So, still groggy and confused, Lyght had followed the military man down the stairs and out of the hotel.  Lyght walked with him now, shivering slightly in the chill morning air.
After a few minutes of walking in silence, glowering at this unexpected intruder, Lyght gave up the tactic and just sighed, running a hand through his hair, “So… where are we going?  And why this early?”
The sergeant was silent for so long Lyght thought he wasn’t going to answer.  Finally, the man cleared his throat and said in his stern voice, “You should be asking what you’re going to be doing.”
The sergeant shook his head, for some odd reason looking disappointed.  “But since you asked, we’re going to Zone Zero – the training ground for the Legion.  The terrain has been set up as an obstacle course, to put it very lightly, by the Academy instructors – of which I am one – under the direction of Lyn, the Legend you met who runs the Academy.  You and all the other trainees will be subject to a highly difficult test of your overall strength, speed, skill, intelligence, and fortitude amongst other things.  It’s something you may have heard about.  We call it “The First Test.”
Lyght sighed and rubbed his eyes, still feeling groggy and disoriented.  And distinctly annoyed.  This was what happened whenever he was woken for some reason during his spirit regeneration cycle; it was a thoroughly disconcerting experience that Lyght hated.  For when a Dreamcaster’s body was regenerating, most bodily processes – including heartbeat and brain activity – were slowed to near zero to reallocate energy elsewhere where it was needed.  Usually, the body was able to rev up slowly for a couple of minutes if one was about to awaken.  To be woken up suddenly like that however was a really awful feeling.
Lyght just gritted his teeth and tried to control his frustration.  He couldn’t let himself be distracted at such an important time.  He knew from talking to Lyn on the journey to Glory just how important this test was.  It would determine the initial class rankings, and it was these rankings that, apparently, played a role in who got selected for the Legion at the end of the program and who didn’t.  It was all-important not to fall behind at the beginning, as the fierce competition made it difficult to come back.
After about a ten minute walk along the shorefront of the channel, they exited the Heart of the city and trekked through the Belt for another half-hour or so.  Both parts of the city were pretty thin in radius this close to the channel and this far east, and so it wasn’t long before they emerged out of the Belt and into the flat, open country.  Only a few minutes after that they ran into a massive dark steel-link fence, reaching the channel banks and continuing as far as the eye could see.  The sergeant walked them over to the nearest gate and pressed his palm against the lock.  It clicked open.  Lyght frowned.  How did he do that?
Regardless, there was not much time for thought as the sergeant ushered him inside and gestured to the surroundings in front of them.  “Welcome to Zone Zero, training ground of the Legends themselves.  Dangers abound here, and nothing is safe.  Know that nobody is watching over or protecting you during the test.  Everything you and the other contestants get yourself into, you will have to deal with yourselves.”
“Be warned: people may die.  Let’s hope you’re not one of them, eh?”
Lyght tried to look confident, and he thought he pulled it off, but he could not help gulping a little bit.  He clinched his hands to steady them, slowing his breathing and analyzing the terrain.  Terrain was critical.  It could give him the advantage he needed to win. 
They stood on the lip of a rough ravine – it was clear at the top, but a few hundred feet ahead it became heavily wooded as it sloped down gently.  What was beyond that though, he couldn’t make out.  It was hazy and indistinct.  He thought of increasing his eyepower with Dreamcasting, but held off for now.
Wait. Get the rules of engagement first.  Don’t use power before you know what you need to do with it.
So Lyght turned with his hands on his hips to his straight-backed companion, frowning, “Well?”  Lyght asked.  “Hmmm?”, the sergeant replied, gazing out at the horizon.  Lyght put his hands out and asked, “What am I supposed to do here?  This is the site of the first test, right?  Well, what is the test, and what are the rules?  Who, or what, is involved?  How do I pass?”
The sergeant grunted.  “I was getting to that.”  He put one knee down in the cool, dusty ground and whipped his knife dexterously out of its sheath to draw on the ground.  He started by drawing a large oval.  “Here”, he began, “is the entire Zone Zero training ground.”  He drew dozens of little stars around the oval, roughly equidistant from one another.  “And here”, he continued “are the thirty-one students that will be taking place in this test.  You are, obviously, one of them.”  Lyght nodded.
He drew another, much larger star at the center of the oval.  “This is the destination you must reach to pass the test.  This is, very simply, a pass/fail test.  If you reach the base in the center, you pass.  If you don’t…”  A wide smile spread across the man’s face.  “Well, you get the point.  The catch here is that there is no straight path to the base, although it is only a few miles away.  The Zone has been set up as a maze of sorts, a highly dangerous and confusing obstacle course that means it will take a significant combination of skill and intelligence to reach the center.”
“Also”, the sergeant stood up, “you will notice that whether you pass or fail is not simply up to you, but the other test-takers.  Only about a fourth of you, if that, will be selected for the Legion, so one might observe that you would be well served to… eliminate the others’ chances of reaching base.”
The main point is; your fate here depends on others.  Not just yourself.  Got it?”  
“I…”, Lyght began, but no sooner had he opened his mouth then an earsplitting siren went off.  The sergeant jumped slightly and retreated backwards, raising his voices as only sergeants can, “That’s the start!  Oh, and by the way, you have a one hour time limit to reach the base.  If you do not reach it within the hour, you will fail”.  He glanced at Lyght for a moment, then turned and walked back to the Dark steel gate.  “Good luck.  You’ll need it.”  And with that, he slipped back through the gate and closed it.  As it banged shut, Lyght tried to analyze his surroundings, thinking.
Turning slowly, Lyght suddenly became blindingly aware of the fact that he was alone and unarmed in a field of thirty enemies.  And he was still so, so tired.  He rubbed his eyes hard, willing himself to concentrate.  It was not easy.  Just under an hour and a half of spirit.  Why did they have to wake us up so early?
As it was, Lyght was glad he had stocked up some spirit from the day before, because he had not regenerated a whole lot the night before – maybe a half hours’ worth.  As it was, he was slightly below three fourths capacity.  He had to be judicious with how he used his power, especially as he was in an arena with thirty other enemies with the same powers that he had.  If was as if you took his power away and asked him to fight thirty normal people.  How in the world was he going to do that?
And then, it occurred to him.  It wasn’t much, but it was something.
Not thirty enemies, twenty-nine.
Lyght knelt down in the dusty earth and placed his right hand palm-down on the surface.  With a burst of focus, he sent a short spike of spirit deep into the rocky ground.  He moved his Dreamcasting touch rapidly outward through the ground, enlarging its area and rate of increase as he went.  He could leave already searched ground behind, which was the big perk of this style of communication.  It saved energy.
After a couple minutes of searching, growing increasingly frustrated, Lyght detected another shifting in the earth adjacent to his.  Mikael.
Lyght jumped up and jogged over to the tree line, eyes sweeping back and forth.  He seemed alone for now.  The chill wind picked up rapidly, blowing through his hair, as he ran along the tree line for a few hundred feet, then curled around an enormous pine trunk and hurtled into the woods.  The wind lessened dramatically as soon as he was in amongst the thick pines.  Lyght checked his location and set his course, nodding.  He had detected Mikael’s power about a half-mile away.  Luckily, they had not been placed too far from each other on the perimeter of the oval.  Hopefully neither would run into an enemy on the way.
Lyght couldn’t help but smiling slightly as he eased into a steady run, pine needles crushing under his feet.  This form of messaging, of code, had been his idea originally.  He had only come up with it about six months ago, in fact, during their preparation meetings about their mission to destroy the Dark.  The basis of the code was that they could send slight forces through the earth at a particular depth they had pre-selected – two-hundred-seventy feet – and seek out the other’s force.  Where they met, they would leave the force in the ground there, and meet at the spot.  It was a good idea in case they got separated, and a virtually unbreakable code they could communicate with.  Who would think to look two-hundred-seventy feet into the ground with Dreamcasting or anything else, or even be able to decipher why the dirt was being shifted around down there?
Lyght took deep breaths of the crisp, pine-scented morning air as he continued trying to wake himself up.  The forest was oddly quiet and still.  He didn’t hear any animal life or any singing birds.  Nothing.  It almost felt… creepy.  Like it wasn’t even real.  Lyght shook his head.  He still felt slow and out-of-it.  That would have to change, and fast. 
Not more than a few minutes later, Lyght rounded a small hillside and jumped a wide creek at its base with a touch of Dreamcasting, landing in a crouch on the wet leaves below.  Oak and maple trees dominated the area, with all the pines now behind him.  It was subtle, but he thought he could tell that he was in a different part of the “maze” now.  Although it was forest, the terrain and tree species were certainly much different.  He had also had to go around a few annoyingly placed hills to reach this spot.  It was indeed a maze.  Lyght felt like this was only the beginning of it.
He straightened up and put his hands on his hips, panting and looking around.  Normally, a run like that wouldn’t have winded him.  Unfortunately, he just didn’t feel very well right now.  This test was pretty bad timing, to say the least.
After less than a minute of waiting, there was a rustling in the leaves of a maple above.  Lyght tensed, but it was Mikael who jumped down and landed in a spray of leaves, looking as tired as Lyght felt.  Mikael checked the surroundings and nodded to Lyght, pausing to catch his breath as well.
Lyght eyed him, “What, no witty comments?  No complaints about how ‘easy’ this is?  I’m disappointed.”
Mikael just shook his head, “Not today.  Honestly, this guy woke me up right in the middle of my regeneration cycle.  It’s really annoying, but I can’t even really think straight right now.  Looks like I’ll have to rely on you to do all the thinking for me, I can still carry out a plan.  I have about an hour and ten minutes stored up to use.”
Lyght turned and scanned the forest, trying to figure out what to do next.  “No”, he said absentmindedly.  “I mean, no, I’m not really able to think straight either.  Same thing happened to me.  But you heard the rules, right?  We’ve got an hour to get to the base in the center, or we lose.  So, I guess we’ll start to head over there, right?”
Mikael looked up and frowned, “Hang on, we’re forgetting something here.  I was told that it might be a good idea to take out other contestants.  If they don’t reach the goal, all the better for us – if we stop them here, they’ll drop in the rankings.  We can significantly reduce the competition later by knocking some people out now.”  Mikael grinned wickedly, seemingly more awake now, “C’mon, you know everyone else will be by themselves, we can take anybody two-on-one.  What do you say?”
To be honest, there was a lot of sense in what Mikael was saying.  And yet… 
“No, Mikael.  We can’t afford to waste our time on that right now.  We just need to concentrate on reaching base ourselves.  If we get tangled up in something too big, or get drawn into a prolonged fight, we can miss the deadline even if we win.”  Lyght began to walk towards the base.  
Mikael put his hands out and protested loudly, “What, so you’re saying we give up on the chance to knock other contestants out?  This is a big opportunity!  I really don’t think we can pass this up, Lyght.”
Lyght stopped suddenly, “No.  No we can’t.”  Mikael seemed confused at this sudden change of heart.  Lyght spun back and began pacing, his mind seizing on to a brilliant possibility.  “We do need to keep going, now, and get to the base.  That way, we can ensure that we don’t run over the time limit.  But when we get there, we can wait by the base and set an ambush for anyone who gets near it, knocking them out.  If things get too intense or time gets too short, we can always turn around and head into base.  With two of us, we should easily be able to ambush and overpower a single contestant who gets near.”
Lyght saw Mikael’s face light up as he was talking.  Mikael strode over and clapped him on the shoulder, laughing, “There’s the genius of Kona, back at it again!  I honestly don’t see how you manage this on so little sleep…”
“Yeah, yeah.  It’s not that great of a plan, it’s obvious.”  Lyght turned away for a moment, pleased nonetheless.  Putting his right arm out in a fist, he looked back at his friend.  “Ready?”
“Ready as I’ll ever be, I guess”, Mikael replied, stifling a yawn, yet still reaching out his left fist to meet Lyght’s.  With the plan set, the pair darted away into the wilderness, surely not far from the goal now.
To Lyght however, the journey seemed to take forever.  From when they had left the creek, he estimated they had around forty minutes left.  He thought it would take no more than ten or so minutes to reach the base, but he was wrong.  They first encountered a hidden pool of quicksand which Mikael had to quickly save Lyght from.  Heading a different way, they quickly found the path led only to a very steep cliff drop-off, with a strange yellowish pool below.  They could’ve jumped down, but it didn’t seem right.  
Tracing back and taking the other fork, they were forced into a network of dark caves that they backtracked out of after realizing they didn’t have enough time, lest they get lost.  Finally, as the path had only led towards the cliff and the caves, the decided to jump on a large fallen log and drift down the adjacent river, which soon began to flow rapidly as other tributaries joined the creek.  It took them almost thirty minutes of the forty, by which time they were too far down the river and beginning to really worry, before they whipped around a corner and rolled along adjacent to a beach landing.  Lyght looked out into the woods, and his heart leaped in his chest as he saw it – the base, standing several hundred feet off into the trees.  It was a wide, dark one-story building, yet still stretched hundreds of feet in each direction.  It almost looked like some sort of broken-down factory.
Lyght pointed it out to Mikael, relieved that they had found it, and jumped off the log onto the beach.  They sprinted quickly over to the base and hid behind a clump of bushes right outside the building.  Oddly, Lyght couldn’t see an entrance.  He wasn’t worried though; he knew they would find it.  They were still about ten minutes early.  Hopefully, any latecomers would be in for a surprise.  Readying his Dreamcasting spirit for imminent use, Lyght crouched down and stared intensely through a gap in the trees, waiting.
A full eight minutes went by.  Nothing.  But with around two minutes left, a pair of contestants rounded the corner – a tall, muscular boy and a girl with auburn hair.  Lyght gritted his teeth in frustration.  Two?  With two-against-two, they might be evenly matched.  He glanced at Mikael, who nodded firmly, despite the slightly worried look in his eyes.  They would continue with the plan.  At this point, Lyght thought they had to.
So Lyght jumped powerfully out to the right, while Mikael did the same to the left, white cloak flying.  Lyght brought his angle around to prepare to sprint head-on at the girl, as Mikael charged the boy on the other side.  Lyght closed his eyes for a second, frustrated.  He didn’t want to have to fight a girl.  That was no fair.  But it had to be done.  He opened his eyes as he came around full bore, ready to strike.
He froze.  He saw something that made him hesitate.  The girl had drawn a weapon of some sort.  It looked like… a pen?  She twirled the instrument for a moment, lifted it high, and ripped it down in a slashing motion.
The next thing Lyght knew, he was sent flying, vision flashing with a pulsing black color burned into his retinas.  
And then he hit.


Chapter Twenty-One
Lyght must have blacked out for a second.  He was aware of a vague, sharp ringing in his head.  It was in his head, right?  Or was it?  What happened?
Where am I?
The world was spinning.  Couldn’t it stop?  Lyght tried to focus.  Blinding light suddenly spiked into his head, and he slammed his eyes shut.  He hadn’t even realized he had opened them.  He was, however, beginning to think somewhat coherently.  He became gradually aware of sitting on hard ground.  His back was propped up against… something.  It was cold.
Gritting his teeth and bracing himself, Lyght slowly, tentatively opened his eyes again.  He blinked rapidly to clear his vision, the brightness making his eyes water.  As his vision improved, however, Lyght was bemused to find it really wasn’t that bright after all.  In fact, he seemed to be… inside, somewhere.  A huge, cavernous space, with dark walls and ceilings.  In fact, they seemed to be dark steel.  That made them expensive.  So, where was he anyway?
Groaning, Lyght sat up, hand over his right eye.  He must have hit his head – he had a roaring headache.  He heard movement.
“He’s coming around, guys.  Look, like I said, he’s fine.”
The voice was unknown to him.  Lyght responded anyway, “Fine?  I don’t know about that.”
“Quit complaining, we made it!  Lucky though, considering…”  That was Mikael.  Lyght looked up and saw his friend standing over him on his left.  Lyght tried to organize his thoughts.  They had been in the forest, heading towards the base.  They had sprung an ambush against another pair, and then…
All of a sudden, Lyght jumped up, his body screaming in protest.  He didn’t care.  He looked at Mikael urgently, “What happened?!  Where did the enemies go?  Did we…?”
As Lyght was talking to him, Mikael nodded his head to the side.  Lyght glanced over, and saw the two contestants they had attacked in the forest.  Had that just happened, or was it hours ago?  Lyght couldn’t tell.  Regardless, he couldn’t help tensing and jumping back a little as he was confronted with their enemies so close.  Fortunately, however, Lyght’s rational side kicked in before he could attack again.  They were inside again, and standing together.  Did that mean the danger had passed?
Lyght straightened up hurriedly and tried to cover up his overreaction.  Judging from the amused look on the girl’s face, it didn’t seem to be working.  A little flustered, Lyght crossed his arms and looked at her, “What did you hit me with?  And what happened, anyway?”
The girl just stood there, looking amused.  Lyght looked back and forth between the two newcomers for a minute, then turned to the guy.  “So”, Lyght said, trying to saying offhand, “what did she do to me?  I’ll admit, I wasn’t ready for it”.  He waited for an answer, but one wasn’t immediately forthcoming.
Lyght stared at this strange new guy, sizing him up.  He recognized him as the girl’s companion from the forest.  He stood tall and muscular, larger even than Mikael, in a black sleeveless shirt, and Lyght couldn’t help but notice the massive sword slung on his back.  Dark steel.  That wasn’t something you just came across anywhere.  Somehow, Lyght felt, this guy was important.  And he had to admit, with his black bandana and icy blue eyes, this guy looked kind of intimidating.  But he still wasn’t talking.  Lyght frowned, then decided to take the initiative. 
Lyght sighed, walking up and holding his hand out to shake, “Lyght, nice to meet you.”  For a second, Lyght thought he would leave him hanging, but the tall guy blinked and shook Lyght’s hand.  Lyght grimaced slightly, but tried not to show it.
Strong grip.
Lyght waited a few moments, but the guy didn’t deign to introduce himself.  So instead, he turned to look at the shorter girl with auburn hair standing to his other side.  Admittedly, he was confused about her.  She didn’t look all that dangerous.  It had been her who knocked him out right?  And anyway, with what?  He sized her up, frowning.
Dressed in a similar black to her companion, she stood confidently to the side, hand resting on something sheathed at her belt.  It looked funny, but Lyght couldn’t tell what it was.  Her auburn hair was tied together at the back, presumably to keep it out of the way in combat.  She wore black combat boots and protective armor on her forearms, but nowhere else.  She was relatively small and petite; overall she didn’t look very intimidating.  Lyght frowned.
It was her who attacked me, right?
She raised her eyebrows, looking slightly amused, and spoke to Lyght.  “I’m Iridia, nice to meet you, but call me Iri, it sounds much better.  And that’s my friend Seth over there.  Don’t ask me why, but he can’t talk.  He can listen, read and write though.  So don’t be a stranger.”  She looked back over her shoulder for a moment, then continued.
“Sorry for earlier, but you guys did attack us.  You’re wondering what I hit you with?  Well, I wouldn’t want to give away all my secrets, would I?”  She laughed again as Lyght closed his eyes in mild annoyance.  “Fine”, she said, “it’s called ‘Sanctum Imperius’ – a really dramatic sounding name for a very simple Dreamcasting technique.  Well, simple in theory, if not in practice.  It’s the application of force to invisible particles; the air, that is.  I used my pen to ‘draw’ the area of the force I was applying.”  She drew the thing from her belt and twirled in in the air, and indeed, it did look like a very large pen.  Lyght frowned; how could someone conduct Dreamcasting though an object?  It was typically accessed from your body and controlled and directed by your dominant arm.
She held a finger up, explaining with a gleam in her eye, “I can see the question you want to ask.  ‘Why do you need an object to do that?’  Well, air particles are minute and constantly moving; to what degree depends on the temperature of the air.  Anyway, it takes a really subtle and intentional touch to manipulate any one air particle due to its miniscule size and constant movement, and immense concentration to do control millions of particles at once.  My particular skill with conducting Dreamcasting through this pen gives me a much more precise degree of manipulation than any normal Dreamcaster would possess.  I’m not gonna lie though, that was the first time I’d tried this particular technique.  I’m kind of surprised it worked.  Not complaining, though.”
Lyght was still confused, but tried not to show it.  Mikael spoke up, “After you got hit with whatever that was, I circled back and waited for you to get back up, but you didn’t.  However, Seth here came over and picked you up to carry you into the building.  We didn’t have that much time, as you know, and had to get in here fast to pass the test.”
Lyght frowned at that, checking out his surroundings for the first time.  They were in a very large, open room – apparently in the building at the center of Zone Zero.  So he had only been out of it a few minutes.  Lyght tried to hide his frustration at being beaten so easily as he glanced around at the others standing around the room, who were by themselves for the most part.  There were a few dozen of them there, all of them looking to be around Lyght and Mikael’s age.  Though Lyght didn’t feel like counting them all, it looked like very little, if any, people had failed the test.  He frowned at that realization.  Wasn’t that supposed to have been very difficult?  He and Mikael had almost missed the time limit as it was.  Lyght clinched his hands as he remembered that the whole ambush thing had been his idea.  If their own enemies hadn’t saved them, they would’ve failed.
Failed.
As the four of them stood there, a set of double doors behind them banged open and a handful of uniformed military sergeants walked in, accompanying Lyn in his full Legend gear.  Judging by the reactions of the other people in the room, Lyght didn’t think any of them had seen a Legend before.  Shock was the common feature in the many faces around the room, turning variously to awe and disbelief as the retinue made its way to the center of the large room, where a stage was in place.  The group filed up onto the stage, forming a semi-circle with Lyn standing to the side, looking almost bored.  A sergeant stepped forwarded and yelled out, “OK, everybody gather in front of the stage.”
After a brief pause where nobody moved, the sergeant barked out “Now!  That’s a direct order.  I want neat, orderly rows.  No questions.  Now move!
Muttering, the group of thirty or so Academy students hurried to line up in front of the stage, many gazes still fixed on Lyn – gigantic and glittering in his deep blue armor with the trademark navy cape, emblazoned with the slanted white L of The Legion.  For his part, Lyn just stood there are looked indifferent, largely ignoring the batch of new recruits in front of him.  For the moment, at least.  Lyght figured he had to say something eventually.  After all, he was a teacher, right?
When the students had all lined up and sufficiently quieted down, the sergeant raised his voice again and addressed the audience.  “My name is unimportant, so don’t ask.  You will call me Sar.  And that’s at all times, got it?  Ok, so welcome and all that… yeah, whatever.  You get it.  But what you idiots apparently don’t get, was the entire point of that “test” you just went through.  I hope it’s gotten through at least some of your thick heads that the whole thirty-one who took the test are here?  Sound odd?”
Lyght frowned.  So the whole thirty-one were here.  How had they all passed?
“Me and my comrades here, the sergeants, are going to be in charge of directly training you during your time here.  We’re Dreamcasters too, so don’t you go acting superior to us, because you’re clearly not right now.  Many of us are former Academy students, so you would do well to take our advice in training and otherwise, because we know the standard you need to reach to make the Legion.  In addition, Lyn will make his wisdom known to those actually look like they’re showing promise, but it falls to me and the other sergeants to work with the less-skilled of you.  Unfortunately, it looks like there might be too many of that group here.  That’s too bad.”
He let his words sink in before continuing on, “It’s too bad, because it seems to me that what we as the test-setters were doing here should’ve been painfully obvious to you elite Dreamcasters.  But it seems like most of you completely missed it, so let me explain.  Here’s your lesson number one at the Academy: don’t believe everything you hear.  Information is by nature manipulated and framed for the communicator’s benefit.  This is a fact of life, and you all need to accept it.  It doesn’t matter what rank or station they are, take information you receive from anybody with a grain of salt.  Ask yourself; ‘Does this make sense?  What is the context here?’  If you had all done that, for instance, you would have noticed that…”
“Hang on!”, Mikael cried out all of a sudden.  Lyght cringed a little, turning to look at his friend as he spoke up to the sergeant.  “How can you tell us to question everything we hear, then call it a ‘fact of life?’  Well then, I’m questioning right now if that really is a fact of life.  How can it be, if what you told us is framed and manipulated information?”  Mikael stared down the intimidating sergeant without a trace of worry, a look of mild amusement on his face.  Lyght really shouldn’t have been surprised, but couldn’t this wait?  This didn’t seem like the best time…
The sergeant suddenly burst out laughing, interrupting Lyght’s train of thought.  “Very good, kid!  That’s what I like to see.  What’s your name, son?”  Mikael raised his head, “It’s Mikael.”  The sergeant shook his head, chuckling.  Lyght was thrown by the man’s sudden change in demeanor.  He didn’t look like the only one either.  Regardless, he listened back in as the military man went on.
“And I promise I’m not twisting the truth when I say I like the way you think, as well as your confidence to tell me.  But considering what me and my colleagues have seen, I’m honestly not that surprised.” 
The man glanced at Lyn quickly, who nodded.  The sergeant adopted his barking voice again, “Right!  So, this brings me to the point I was getting to.  If you had questioned the information given, you would’ve found it very odd that thirty-plus Dreamcasters with no training or experience were forced into a do-or-die scenario, where success or failure was determined by how willing you were to attack and destroy your fellow students.  Let me be clear: this is not the way the actual Legion operates. Quite the opposite actually.  So, let me use an example.”
“Mikael and his friend here…”, the sergeant paused, looking at Lyght with his eyebrows raised.  Lyght spoke up hurriedly, “I’m Lyght.”  The sergeant nodded.  “Mikael and Lyght here had the foresight to at least try to team up, and we noticed they had a pre-determined method to meet up in case they got separated.  This is the sort of thing real Legends do.”  Lyght kept his cool, but glowed with pride inside at the compliment. 
“However, what they did next is not what real Legends do.  Without questioning the information, they decided to wait as a team outside the base and ambush any approaching parties, to knock them out of contention.  Strategically, this was not a bad idea, but again they didn’t question the mission or its validity at any stage.  Had they checked out the base, as was prudent, they would have noticed that all the exits were blocked off with multiple, massive boulders.  Should’ve been pretty obvious.  Had they looked for that, it would’ve become clear that the efforts of not just a few, but many Dreamcasters would’ve been needed to remove those.”
“It should have been instantly obvious that a team effort would be needed to complete the mission.  Nothing else would work within the time limit.  Not only that, but we know it took nearly the full time limit to reach the base.  Thus, you would all arrive at about the same time.  If you had all fought it out at this point, that wouldn’t really have benefitted any of you, now would it?”
Here, the man turned to the Iri and her companion Seth, still standing next to Lyght and Mikael.  “You two, what are your names?”  Iri answered, of course, “I’m Iridia, but call me Iri.  And this guy next to me is Seth.  He can’t speak, but he can listen and communicate through writing.”  The sergeant looked surprised, but evidently decided not to go into it.  “OK.  Got it.”  His gaze lingered on Seth, who stood tall and stared right back at him with those icy blue eyes.  The sergeant moved on quickly.
“Anyway… Iri and Seth here were apparently the only two; unfortunately, to grasp the central idea of whole test.  They defied convention, acting in a way that ensured they passed.  Even though they didn’t know each other, they met and teamed up early on, set on uniting everybody in the arena.  Am I right in saying that you realized that if everybody in Zone Zero cooperated, nobody could fail?”  Iri and Seth nodded.  The sergeant looked pleased.
“And so”, the sergeant continued, “they happened to be the first two to reach base outside of Lyght and Mikael, though the rest of you were not far behind.  Lyght and Mikael sprung the trap as planned, but Iri here was able to keep her cool, stick to the plan, and knock out Lyght over there to simultaneously foil the attack, while preserving Mikael to help with finally breaking into the base.”  Lyght clinched his hands and glanced downwards as the other students looked over at him, surely all wondering the same thing.
She knocked him out?
Unconcerned with how Lyght felt about being called out like that, the sergeant kept on with his explanation.  “And so when the rest of you all arrived with a very short amount of time left, the team of Iri, Seth, and Mikael was able to convince you all to work together to break in here.  You should all count yourselves as very lucky that those three had the presence of mind to rapidly unite all twenty-seven of you into a single force.”
“You see, this wasn’t a real pass or fail test.  Remember how I said to question odd information?  Well, just know that if there were some of you who didn’t complete the objective by using teamwork, or who knocked others out to prevent them from getting here, you would have been placed at the bottom of the class rankings.  And that is not a place you want to start in.  As it is, you’re all about in the middle, with no points for or against you.”
The sergeant glanced at Lyn again, then spread his arms out and spoke even louder, “But, a certain number of you, due to your impressive actions in the Zone, are now ranked at the top of the class.  These students, whose number varies year-to-year, will lead the group and be responsible for galvanizing morale and group unity during the training program.  You will all be undergoing a very strenuous serious of physical and mental tests, so these leaders are all-important.”
The sergeant smiled, and Lyght was thrown off guard again by his change in demeanor.  He continued, “But perhaps the highest honor of being in the leadership of this group is that while you’re a leader, you get to do something that has very possibly always been a dream of yours.  Something very few people ever get to do in their lifetimes.  Yes, while you lead your comrades, you will be given the official Legion uniform, which is yours to keep assuming you make the Legion.  And most group leaders do.”  There was a sharp intake of breath from students around the room.  Lyght was one of them.  This was very unexpected.  It was a shame though.  He wished…
“So”, yelled out the sergeant, “Recognize and honor your class leaders of the Legion Academy; Iridia, Seth, Mikael, and Lyght.”
Lyght’s head snapped up in disbelief as applause went off all around him.  He looked around in shock for a second before he saw Mikael pumping his fist.  He looked at Lyght, ecstatic, “Hell yeah!  We made it!  I told you, didn’t I?”  He put his fist out, and Lyght met it smiling, still in disbelief as the sergeant up on stage called out.
“Alright, group leaders on stage please.”
The four triumphant leaders headed up the aisle, receiving genuine congratulations as they went, and circled around to go up the stairs onto the stage.  Lyn was standing there as the sergeant motioned to a few men standing over by the wall, who brought over four bundles and handed one to the towering Legend.  Lyn unfurled it – a real, dark blue Legion cape, complete with a uniform.  A girl’s one.
“Iridia!”, the sergeant called out, and she stepped forward to receive her uniform and bow her head as Lyn tied the cape around her shoulders.  Lyght could see that she was trying to look dignified, but couldn’t help smiling a bit.  Seth was up next, and for once Lyn didn’t look quite like the giant he was.  He was still bigger than Seth, but not by a huge amount.  Next Mikael was called up, and Lyght turned to looked at Seth as he walked over to stand next to Lyght, looking largely indifferent.  Lyght frowned; shouldn’t he look happier?
“Lyght!”  
Lyght snapped his head around as his name was called and walked over – a bit too fast – to receive his cape and uniform.  As Lyn tied the Legion cape around his shoulders, Lyght couldn’t suppress a smile.  Adrenaline rushing powerfully, he spun in the flowing cape and walked over to stand in a row with the other leaders.  He closed his eyes, head down for a moment.  Overcome with emotion, Lyght took a moment to compose himself.  It didn’t completely work.  
The sergeant spoke up, “Congratulations, the four of you.  We expect great things from you in the future.  Know that you will be judged by the success of the group you lead.  You now have a great responsibility; fulfill it honorably.  I expect that you will.”
The sergeant turned and walked off stage, the other sergeants following him.  Lyn descended the steps, and the sergeants followed him towards the door.  As they filed out, the sergeant who had been speaking turned and looked up at the assembled eighteen-year-olds and their leaders, suddenly alone on stage. 
“Oh, and now you’ll have to work your way out of here, back to your quarters.  This is the base where we will meet, and you will be training in and around Zone Zero.  I expect you here at 8 AM every morning.  No excuses.  You’ll get used to the difficulties of moving through Zone Zero, but for now… Well, you’ll have to rely on your leaders to get you out timely… and safely.”
With that he turned and left, door banging shut behind him.  The students were left alone.  There was silence for a few moments, and then Lyght glanced at Mikael, who nodded.  Feeling very surreal, Lyght jumped off the front of the stage, cape flying, and landed in amongst his fellow students.  His people, now.  This was what he had been waiting for, right?  Now that he had it, he still felt in sense of disbelief.
Mikael, Iri, and Seth all jumped down beside him.  The four of them formed a circle for a moment, a bit uncertain what to do.  Lyght extended his fist towards the center, eyebrows raised.  Mikael met it immediately; then Iri followed a second later, and finally, after some hesitation, Seth.  Lyght smiled as he looked into their eyes, and instantly felt a connection.  His heart beat faster.
“Let’s do this, guys.” 
End of Part II


Chapter Twenty-Two
Sky had never seen anything like it.
She stood atop the swaying crow’s nest of the Joy, high wind flying through her hair.  Reaching up, she tightened her signature sky blue bandana so it wouldn’t fly off.  A storm was coming from the west, and it looked like a nasty one.  It was midday, yet the western horizon was black and ominous – Sky could see flashes of lightning already.  But she wasn’t looking at that, not at the moment.  They were about to make landfall anyway.
No, she was looking upon the mysterious island that had danced at the fringes of legend and fact for centuries now.  Sky had never met anyone, including all the traders and professional sailors who came to Kona, who had been here.  As far as she knew, the place wasn’t off-limits.  No, it just seemed like no one had been here, but for no particular reason.  That was odd, for as she looked on it now, it didn’t seem that special; though it was huge.  It looked as large as the mainland, though of course she knew it wasn’t.
The ninth domain, of neither Northern nor Southern affiliation; the island of Apathy.
To tell the truth, Sky didn’t really know what she wanted to find here.  She was, of course, on her recently self-ordained mission of finding the source of the Dark and destroying it.  Her friends who sailed the “pirate” ship – for lack of a better word – Joy were more than content to sail around in pursuit of adventure and excitement.  Sky believed she could promise them that.  Or she hoped.  
She heard her friend Max call out below, “Anchors!  Quickly, now, there’s supposed to be reefs in this area!”  And so the crew of a couple dozen or so misfits from all around the Hope domain sprang into action, anchoring the ship a few hundred yards out from the rocky beach shoreline of Apathy.  Just inland of the pebble beaches was a veritable wall of jungle vegetation.  Sky couldn’t see what was on the other side.  Whatever it was, she hoped it would help them.
Because truth be told, this visit wasn’t completely pointless.  Sky was following up on a lead she had, slight as it was, from Jon, the captain of the Joy.  Jon had said that he a friend (although Sky couldn’t see what “friend” would know about this) who had heard of a location on the island with an “interesting” view of The Dark, apparently.  Sky was definitely intrigued, but she couldn’t understand what Jon meant by a “view” of The Dark.  Different angles or perspectives just made The Dark look the same; a shifting, mysterious, impenetrable mass of black and nothingness.  This was one of the things that frustrated Sky so much about it.  Wasn’t there some explanation for it?
Regardless, the location Jon had shown her on the map was a few miles inland on the island of Apathy.  Sky and Jon assumed that the spot had to be one of the former “pirate reserves” from before the King had “brought to justice” nearly all the pirates; a location where the criminal underground of the Dreamscape hid stolen goods or other contraband.  It was lucky Jon’s friend had given him that map, because otherwise, Sky thought the spot might be pretty hard to find. 
As it was, most successful pirate groups anymore were so secretive and careful that the King had no idea they existed.  They had to be, after the King’s brutal extermination of all criminal organizations about a hundred years ago.  Only the most subtle and cautious of pirate groups could survive.  But of course, Sky had heard of an organization called the “Dream Syndicate” that had recently been created within the past few years and was apparently were influential in the north.  Most people didn’t know about them in the South, apparently, but her friends had connections.
Here in the south and central Dreamscape, however, pirates had to discreetly hide their contraband on Apathy.  Some pirates even docked their ships on the east coast of Apathy.  The odd thing was, the King never sent personnel to check Apathy.  There were certainly no legal populations on the islands.  And so it had come to be known as the “Domain of Thieves”.
As the crew docked the vessel, a few mates went below to release the rowboats.  Even though they were all friends here, Sky was technically in charge (although she let Jon, the captain, organize and officially run the crew).  The mission had been her idea in the first place; she’d originally intended to simply pay a couple friends to take her here, but once she’d spoken to Max that night in Kona, they’d been in consistent contact to the point that when Sky had decided on her course, they wanted to come with her.  Sky had originally chalked this up as just their want for adventure, but now she wasn’t so sure.  Maybe they truly did want to destroy the Dark.  Of course, they hadn’t known what it was, but when she’d explained it to them, they all (rightly, in her opinion) became very concerned.  They just perfect in that regard – they were skeptical enough of authority figures that they could actually believe there was a supernatural force loose in the land that had a profound impact on their lives without any of them knowing it.  And now, naturally, they wanted to find out more about it.  
Sky herself was more concerned with what they were doing here.  Yes, it had been her plan to follow up on Jon’s lead and come to Apathy, but she was beginning to second-guess herself.  That was frustrating, because she felt she’d always been a self-assured person.  However, she just couldn’t stop herself from thinking, and worrying.
What if this “lead” really turns out to be nothing?  In fact, it probably will.  Why I am leading a group of reckless kids, like me, into a real criminal area; one that we really know nothing about?  I know you’re reckless, Sky, but really, what are you getting out of this?  Why?  What are you thinking?  Just stop.  Back out now.
Sky was still battling with herself when she felt a hand on her shoulder.  Max.  She frowned; she hadn’t heard him come up.  Was she zoning out that much?  She had to focus now.  This was her mission; she was leading.  She closed her eyes, clinching her fists.  That scared her a little.  How did she end up in charge?
Max smiled, “Ready?  Are you as excited to see this as I am?”
Sky looked down for a second, trying to explain how she felt.  She had to explain it, right…?
No.
Sky looked up, smiling, “Are you ready for this?  This is your guys’ moment to become a real pirate crew.  Apathy is the heart of the underground.  I hope you’re prepared.”
Max laughed, and turned towards the rope ladder to descend back down to the deck and continue organizing the landing, “It’s not just ‘our moment’, it’s yours too.  You’re one of us.  And look”, he turned over his shoulder, looking his longtime friend in the eyes, “Don’t stress yourself out.  I can tell when you’re worrying about something.  You lose a little of that self-confidence that is so you the rest of the time.  Relax.  We’ll find something worthwhile here, I just know it.  And if not, well, I’ve always wanted to come here anyways.  So has the rest of the crew.  So don’t worry about it.”  He winked in his characteristic laid-back fashion and jumped over the side of the crow’s nest, grabbing the rope ladder and rapidly descending with practiced skill.
Sky just stood there for a moment.  She let her breath out, and made a conscious decision to relax.  She had to laugh at herself a little bit.  No, she couldn’t start to question herself now.  Her position wouldn’t allow it.  It didn’t matter what was waiting on that island; dangerous criminals, the King’s enforcers, traps, danger, whatever.  
Sky knew she couldn’t back down in the face of uncertainty.  Her brother had taught her that.  She sighed, kind of wishing she could talk to him now, but jumped and descended the rope ladder all the same.  Boarding a rowboat with some of her other crewmates – half of them were staying aboard the ship to ensure it didn’t get taken or found – Sky made a conscious effort to stay focused and engaged.  As they rowed over through the deep blue waters south of Apathy, Sky consulted the map again with Jon, setting their course.  As they neared the shore, Sky set her eyes on the path ahead, focused now.
Let’s do this.
Sky hopped out of the rowboat behind Max and Jon as they crunched up onto the pebbly beach, pulling their boats well up onto the stones.  The shoreline was treacherous and slippery under their feet as the crew made their way toward the treeline.  Sky paused and turned with her back to the jungle to address her crewmates and friends before they went in.
“So, I know that there’s honestly not much of a lead we’re going on here.  And really, I don’t even know what these rumors Jon’s friend has heard even mean.  But we won’t know until we go to find out.  However, I know the danger we’re taking on here.  Let’s be honest, you guys aren’t a real pirate crew.  Not yet.  In fact, I hope you never will be.  Adventure is so much more important to you guys than plunder.  But if we do run into some real pirates or thieves at this spot, it could turn very bad, very quick.  I’m willing to take that risk because I have something I’ve set out to do.  You guys though… you don’t.  You’re just with me for the adventure and the money.  So I just thought I’d tell you, you really don’t have to…
Max cut her off, of course, “Enough of that.  We’re here because we’re your friends, not for the money.  We all want to do great things too, just like you do.  We’re in this together, like it or not.”
Despite herself, Sky felt herself smiling slightly as she turned to face the jungle.  “All right then, full speed ahead, I guess.  Jon, the map”, she put her hand out behind her, and Jon handed her the faded old criminal map of Apathy.  Map in her left hand, she drew the machete sheathed at her waist with her right, and without further ado began to head through the thick, hot jungle, painstakingly hacking away at the suffocating vines and vegetation that blocked their path as the crew continued along behind her, doing the same.
The jungle was hot and the air was heavy with humidity as the oncoming storm approached.  In the dim twilight beneath the dense trees, it would have been very hard to see without the dusty lanterns that the crew had brought.  Night was approaching – a Dark night, as Sky had intended.  Luckily for them, they were not far from the spot at all, and Dark was rapidly approaching as they panted and cut their way through the jungle for over an hour.  Sky figured these hiding spots had to be relatively close to the coastline so that criminals could come in, offload their contraband in a secret location only they knew, and then head out.  Sky was glad they didn’t have to go very far on Apathy or spend the night there, for there would increase the probability of running into the roving bands of thieves and criminals that roamed the island searching for other groups’ hiding spots and bases.
After about an hour and a half of fighting their way through the hot jungle, Sky began to dimly register that something was wrong, but for a minute she couldn’t figure out why.  Asking for a lantern to look at the map, it suddenly hit her.  They were nigh upon the location, as she thought they would be.  However, as a contraband hideout, she guessed she had assumed it would be hidden underground somewhere, in caves or something.  However, they were gradually heading up an incline, and had been for a while.  
A hill?  How could the spot be on a hill?
Sure enough, a minute later Sky’s machete flashed through a gnarled vine, revealing open night air.  A clearing.  Stepping out into the spot with her crew, she could see that they were indeed on a sizeable hill, with a good view of the landscape below.  Despite the thickness of vegetation, she could hear a massive river roaring somewhere in the jungle beneath them.  All around.  She turned this way and that, frowning.  It seemed to be everywhere, all around the hill.  Had they really come up here through the only possible way?  Maybe now she could see why this was a hideout.  You had to know where the bridge was.  You had to have the map.
It was now fully Dark outside.  As usual, the area of visibility was very small this early in the night.  Sky walked to the center of the clearing, not sure whether her companions were following or not.  She could barely see.  Everything was blackness.  How was she supposed to…?
Her foot hit something, hard, and she tripped; barely managing to keep herself upright.  Reaching down, Sky fingers closed around something.  She brought it up to eye level, trying to see it in the low visibility.  Sky frowned as she identified it – a small, dark steel box.  
Now that was interesting.  From what she knew, dark steel was used almost exclusively in the heart of the Dreamscape.  How had criminals attained any?  And how had she not seen it on the ground as she’d been walking?  She had been scanning the fallen leaves with her lantern light for any sign of contraband or hidden material, buried or otherwise.  She was certain what her foot had just hit had not been there a second before when she had looked at the ground.
She knelt down, opening the small box and peering inside; head tilted and lantern up to see in the pressing blackness.  There was… something inside.  She could see it, but she didn’t know what it was.  It was small, about the size of her outstretched hand.  A circular rim with a pentagonal crisscrossing pattern woven onto it, with a smaller identical circle and a slew of feathers of some sort tied onto it, the thing had a loop of string at the top.  A kind of… necklace, maybe?  Without stopping to think about what it was, Sky slipped the thing out of its box and around her neck, standing…
Immediately, the odd woven necklace erupted with an electric blue light, splaying radiance all around her.  The crew gasped in shock, turning as one to look at the electric blue object hung around her neck.  Sky looked down in disbelief at the object hung around her neck, lighting up the clearing with a burning-blue radiance, at a loss for words.  Suddenly, there was some sort of vibration; a rumble above them, followed by a resounding explosion.  Gasping and falling to the ground with her ears covered, Sky squinted up at the Dark…
Except it was not there.  A deep indigo filled a legitimate hole in the sky, where the Dark had been moments before.  Had it somehow… fled?  Bright white dots twinkled serenely in the sky above.  What were those, anyway?  Sky blinked in awe, exhaling and falling back to a sitting position, palms on the cool grass behind her, looking up at the wonder above.  
She knew it.  She had known the Dark was unnatural.  This just proved that it could go away.  But… what were those things above?  She had to know.  She had to find out.  Sky closed her eyes, smiling to herself.  She was on the right track, after all.
For a full five minutes, the crew stared up at this new, mysterious sky in a reverent silence of awe.  The dots appeared to form swirling formations in the sky above, millions upon millions of them.  They were uncountable, yet wonderful.  Infinite.  They burned the heavens above, a challenge to the Dark itself.  Sky breathed in deeply; it was truly something to behold.
Unfortunately, the storm rolled in after about five minutes and covered up the hole in the sky with thunder, by which time the crew had all sat down in the grass in amazement at what they’d seen, unmoving still as the rain fell lightly upon their faces.  What they’d was, by every conceivable notion of the universe, impossible.  Sky closed her eyes and sat in the grass for a minute, bright white lights burned into her eyelids.  She didn’t want them to go away.  
Sky finally took off the woven necklace, and it stopped glowing immediately.  She saw the Dark squirming above where there storm had not reached yet, and although she couldn’t confirm it because of the black thunderheads above, she would have sworn the hole in the sky had covered itself up again.  
Amazing.
It seemed as if this necklace had legitimately ripped a hole in the sky; in the Dark.  Sky wandered over to the dark steel box, fingers grazing the material, and paused as she saw a piece of paper that she must have missed before; it must have been lying underneath the woven necklace.  She picked it up and shook it out, reading it by lamplight as cool rain fell from on high.
Behold the Dreamcatcher – Talisman of courage, Gatekeeper of the spirit, Weapon of the light.
Sky tucked the “Dreamcatcher” and the note in her back pocket.  She sighed, fatigued all of a sudden; she didn’t feel like she had the mental energy to analyze any of it right now.  One word just kept rebounding through her head, filling her being, summing up her confused yet excited feelings.  She turned to Max as he approached and worded it.
“Wow.”


Chapter Twenty-Three
There was nothing better than a sunset and a good view.  
Lyght sat with his back against a broad oak in a clearing atop the tallest hill in Zone Zero, arms resting behind his head, feet kicked up on a small rock.  Lyght couldn’t even count the times in his youth when he and his dad had set up camp somewhere for the night, and just laid back and watched the sunset.  Even after all these years, the warm orange glow of the setting sun was permanently burned into the back of his eyelids.  All he had to do was close his eyes, and it would take him back to those evenings when life had been harder, but easier at the same time.  Simpler, anyway.
For Lyght, there was nothing better than to get some alone time and pay attention to his own thoughts.  Things had been hectic lately; it felt good to slow down.  He gazed out at the horizon, feeling calmed by the familiar view.  For once, he didn’t have to do anything, just watch.  It was really refreshing, actually.  Lyght watched a flock of starlings flutter out of a tree and take wing into the burning orange western sky; he watched the green grass blow in the warm breeze, the clouds twisting in a sea of oranges and indigos.  Looking down from the ball of fire descending on the horizon, Lyght glanced at the folded Legion cape on his stomach, and smiled.  Yes, actually, there was one thing better than a good view of the sunset – the dark, flowing cape that symbolized that he had gotten to where he belonged.  Finally.  
It felt good to just kick back and relax.  The last week or so had been crazy since he, Mikael, and the others were made leaders of their class.  They’d had to return to Zone Zero every day – with no off days – to learn, train, and undergo difficult team tasks.  It was the latter that Lyght and the others held primary responsibility for, and it was that responsibility that was draining Lyght’s energy faster than he had ever believed possible.  
He had spent the beginning of his life running around from place to place in the Dreamscape, but Lyght had never undertaken something as strenuous as leading a large group of peers in difficult situations.  It was something that Lyght felt he was naturally avoidant to.  He liked to be the quiet one, the observant one.  Now Mikael, he was a natural-born leader, plain and simple.  Anybody could see that.  Not only how vocal he was, the way he inspired his peers to really come together as a group was the special thing.  Lyght wanted to be the same way, he really did, but he couldn’t help thinking that he just wasn’t cut out for it.  Regardless, he still planned to continue in his position as a class leader and do his best at it.  If nothing else, the sergeant had said that the class leaders were in prime position to be selected for the actual Legion.  Lyght felt he couldn’t pass that chance up.
Not only that, but it had been made clear to him in the last couple days that just because the four of them were class leaders at the moment, didn’t mean they would always be.  They could be surpassed and replaced if others in the group showed more promise or leadership.  Lyght felt it was the sergeants’ way of incentivizing a competitive atmosphere.  There were really very few rules regarding the leader’s group – some of them could get dropped to cut their number, or others from the group could join as a leader if necessary, without necessarily dropping anyone.  If anything was certain in the program, it was uncertainty.  Lyn had said exactly that near the beginning, and it was turning out to be too true.  
For example, since the beginning of classes, two kids had been dropped from the program who the sergeants must have felt weren’t working hard enough or performing to standards.  However, one of the two came back after a couple days, with no explanation given.  Rumor had it that Lyn had real control of the Academy decisions, and that he mostly didn’t explain the rationale of his decisions to the sergeants who were primarily in charge of training.  Lyght could definitely see that possibility; Lyn was so quiet and mysterious as it was.  Lyght had a hard time discerning what the Legend was thinking a lot of the time.  Of course, others said the King made personnel decisions, and likewise didn’t explain his motivations to Lyn.  Also plausible.  All Lyght knew was that he had to do a better job, lest he be dropped unexpectedly.  He didn’t think it would come to that, but still…
He exhaled, releasing breath he hadn’t even realized he’d been holding in, and closed his eyes, taking in the rare warmth of the autumn evening.  Breeze tugged at his hair softly as Lyght settled into a comfortable, relaxed posture against the oak.  He just lay there for a few minutes, trying to calm his mind.  He became so relaxed, he almost fell asleep.  Lyght knew he needed to stay awake, so he opened his eyes a little, blinking and suppressing a yawn.  Picking up the deep blue Legion cape off his stomach, he tied it around his collarbone the way it was supposed to go; tied in front and flowing down the back.  Lyght always liked wearing it, even if he didn’t have to.  Gathering the energy, he pushed himself off the oak and jumped to his feet.
With nowhere in particular to go, Lyght walked leisurely towards the precipice at the edge of the tall hill.  Lyght stood on the edge and took in the pleasant autumn breeze, the Legion cape blowing around behind him.  He turned a little bit for effect, flaring the cape dramatically as Mikael was wont to do with that white and gold cloak of his.  Lyght eyed the Legion uniform and cape in the dying daylight, admiring the effect.  The fiery orange reflected interestingly off the dark navy velvet, giving it a shine that was subtle, bold, and striking all at once.  Lyght had never been too overly concerned with his appearance, but he had to smile to himself as he stood on the hilltop.  He had to admit it.
I look pretty cool.
“Watching the sunset, huh?”
Lyght spun, cape flying behind him, only to see Lyn cresting the hill behind him.  He looked very different to Lyght, casual for once in a plain, sleeveless white shirt and dark pants cut off at the knees.  Lyght hadn’t really thought about it, but he realized he had never seen the Legend out of his uniform; the man even wore his armor on a frequent basis.  However, it did not escape Lyght’s notice that he was still armed; massive sword sheathed and slung across his back.  Lyght guessed he must have just changed, as they had just gotten out of his class and been sent home, done for the day.  Lyght hadn’t gone home immediately, however.
When they weren’t in physical training or undergoing rigorous team tests devised and administered by the sergeants, they were learning from Lyn in class about the Legion, and were apparently going to be taking a Dreamcasting class from the Legend soon.  Lyght couldn’t wait for that.
Turning back to the burning western sky as the sun touched the horizon, Lyght tiredly closed his eyes for a moment and nodded, “Needed awhile to relax and unwind.  For me, I like to watch the sunset most every evening that I can to calm down.  Seems like I have trouble finding the time anymore, though.”  Lyght looked back over his shoulder as the Legend dropped down to sit on a large granite rock and looked out towards the horizon himself, apparently in no hurry to explain his visit.  How had he known Lyght would be here, anyway?  Or had he simply come up here to watch the sunset himself?
The hulking Legend turned to Lyght and raised his eyebrows, slapping the ground beside him, “Come on, have a seat.  You look tired.”  Lyght nodded and walked over, sitting down on Lyn’s right with his back against the same tree as before.  He pulled his knees close to his chest and traced a pattern in the dirt with his finger, waiting for the Legend to speak.  Even though Lyght had seen Lyn nearly every day for over a month now, the Legend was still intimidating.
Lyn himself just raised his arms, stretched and yawning.  He leaned back against another tree, which literally groaned against his weight, and exhaled.  “Yeah, I know.  I get it.  I’m tired too.”  He was silent for a couple moments, then looked at Lyght ponderingly for a moment.  Lyght looked back, wondering if he had the nerve to ask.  Apparently he did, “Sorry, but what’s so stressful about what you have to do?  I mean, you just teach the classes, right?”  Lyght realized what he was saying, but he’d said it anyway.  Why?  The last thing he should be doing was insulting the Legend responsible for his fate.  Lyn didn’t seem to upset however.  He grunted and continued speaking.
“I’ve been running this program for over a decade now, but every year the sergeants get more and more aggressive with their training regimen for you guys.  And as a result, every year, fewer and fewer of you actually make the Legion.  It seems like kinda a shame, but the King doesn’t really seem to care how many people make the Legion, or even if their properly equipped for it.  It makes my job that much harder that I have to battle these damn sergeants day and night.  Any little detail I don’t specifically give orders on, they set out to control themselves, solely to spite me with as much as possible.”  Lyn made a fist, punching the ground.  “And I can’t kick them out, they’re the only ones authorized by the King to do the job.  I just…”  Lyn stopped suddenly, blinking, as if he suddenly remembered himself.
Lyght wasn’t sure what surprised him more; a Legend criticizing the actual King of the Dreamscape, or Lyn speaking unprompted at length.  Lyght cocked his head and looked at his teacher curiously.  He wasn’t sure what to say, and he didn’t want to offend the Legend, lest he jeopardize his status as a class leader.  He really wanted to know, however…
Lyn spoke again, interrupting his thoughts, “Look, you should probably know something about me.  I don’t tell you this lightly; it’s a sign that I think very highly of you and what you’ve done so far here.  I guess what I mean is… you know how I seemed very distant and withdrawn on the journey here, and maybe to a lesser degree in lessons?  Well, you probably thought it odd that a teacher, especially at a place as special as the Legend Academy, would be so withdrawn.”  Lyght nodded slowly, partly amazed at the sudden openness, partly burning to hear what the Legend was going to say next.
Lyn shook his head, looking at the darkening sky.  The sun had set below the horizon by now, although splays of orange still illuminated the glowing western horizon, fading out slowly.  “I apologize if I’ve seemed distant.  It’s just not me.  It never has been.  I’ve just been going through some struggles lately, but that’s not an excuse.  I’ll try to do better.”  Lyght just nodded, looking into the Legend’s deep blue eyes curiously.  He still had a hard time believing what he was hearing.  Lyght was silent for so long that Lyn turned at looked at him.  
“So, this is the first real conversation I’ve had with you, Lyght.  I don’t have long, but I’m sure you have some questions for a real Legend.”  Lyn smiled, “I can see it in your eyes.  Alright, fire away, then.”
Lyght was going to remain silent, he really was.  That, or evade the question.  However, before he could stop himself, the words came pouring out of him that had been simmering away below, locked behind bars somewhere in Lyght’s consciousness.  
“Okay, look, I’m really confused about this class leader thing.  Why do they give us the Legion uniform and cape?  If I’m being completely honest, it makes me feel like I’ve been accepted into the Legion already.  But I haven’t been.  And the sergeants could drop me out any time.  I feel like I can’t predict whether I’ll be successful or fail, or when I’ll fail, because look… I just don’t feel like I’m doing that well.  I’m not a natural-born leader.  This isn’t one of my talents.   It’s making me look...”  Lyght paused, gulping, and looked down, “It’s making me look weak.  And I’m not, I swear.  I can prove it to you.”
Lyn was listening to Lyght seriously as he spilled out his worries, and thankfully didn’t laugh as Lyght spoke.  He stood up, however, and held a hand out to help Lyght up.  After a second, Lyght grabbed it and shot up as the massive man pulled him to his feet.  To his complete surprise, the Legend reached down to put a hand on Lyght’s head and messed his hair back and forth as Lyght took a half-step back.  “Hey!”, Lyght exclaimed, but Lyn just put his hands on Lyght’s shoulders and pulled him around to look him in the eye.  
Lyn looked into his student’s eyes and made a stunning proclamation, “Listen, you’re going to make the Legion.  No question about it.”  Lyght stared at him disbelievingly, and Lyn just laughed and messed up his hair again.  Stepping back, Lyn put a fist over his heart and bowed his head slightly. 
“You can count on it.”


Chapter Twenty-Four
Lyght awoke to a sharp tapping on his window. 
Groaning and turning over, he ignored the sound.  Couldn’t they just let him sleep?  It wasn’t that early yet.  He needed to sleep.  Just a little longer…
The tapping rang out again, louder this time.
This brought Lyght fully awake, and he rolled over with a slight groan.  Sitting up and putting a hand over his right eye to block out the sudden stream of light from the window, he blinked rapidly and tried to see what was causing the disturbance.  He found out soon enough as he saw the answer waving at him through the window – Mikael.  
Lyght closed his eyes in annoyance for a second before jumping up.  Why was Mikael here so early?  They could easily talk on the way to classes for the day.  He didn’t need to wake Lyght up so early.  Nevertheless, Lyght crossed over to the double window and pulled it open, feeling a rush of cool air from outside.  Mikael leaned his head in and looked at the clock, “How come you’re not up?  We’re going to be late.”
Frowning, Lyght spun and looked at his clock, 7:45 AM.  Somehow, he had slept in, past the 6 hours tops that a Dreamcaster could sleep.  That didn’t make any sense.  He didn’t have time to think about it, however – they really were going to be late.  He ran into his closet and hurriedly dressed, emerging a minute later and grabbing the Legion cape hung by his bed, tying it on and checking himself in the mirror quickly.  He turned to Mikael apologetically, “Sorry, I don’t know how I slept that late.  Shouldn’t be possible, should it?  I went to bed at 1 last night.”  
Mikael shrugged, so Lyght crossed to the already open window and hopped out, Mikael behind him.  Lyght shut it as they exited and they took off, leaping onto and around buildings with Dreamcasting power.  It definitely wasn’t good to use it this early in the day, but it would mean big trouble if they were too late.  The pair of them along with Iri and Seth were supposed to be leading in a practical test today; their first Dreamcasting class with Lyn.  Apparently, the Legend wanted to analyze their Dreamcasting abilities before he set the curriculum.
In about ten minutes or so, they had fought through the crowds of people and traffic in and around the city and emerged out into the open space along the banks of the slowly winding channel.  They sped along under the overcast morning sky, not talking, trying to conserve their breath for running.  They were running almost full tilt now, feet shredding the dry grass below.  Although they both knew Lyn, it definitely wasn’t good that they were going to be late on their first day of Dreamcasting class.  Lyght just hoped they wouldn’t be too late.
As it turned out, they were able to get through the tricky landscape of Zone Zero in less time than usual.  Lyght assumed it was because they had been coming in here every morning for training.  He was impressed with their progress in understanding the terrain and relative distances, despite the oddities in its construction.  Still, Lyght was annoyed to find his spirit level almost a quarter spent by the time they reached base.  And they were still late.
They ran around the side of the large, dark steel building and burst around the other side, panting.  Lyght was pleasantly surprised to at least find the class still there; they hadn’t gone off yet.  Lyn, however, did give them somewhat of a cold look as the pair approached, out of breath and a little red in the face from cold and embarrassment.  Lyght came to a stop and looked down, angry with himself.  
The Legend spoke to the class, “So kind of two of your leaders to join us.  I’ll give you two a pass this time, but you would do best not to be late again.  Clear?”  Lyght looked up and he and Mikael nodded, relieved nothing worse had happened.  They had, though, used up much more spirit than Lyght would’ve liked.  They would be at a disadvantage in the exercise.
Lyn turned away from them and spoke up to the class at large, “So, now that everyone’s here, I would like to lay out the ground rules for this exercise.  You will be split up into four teams, with one of each of your four leaders leading each team.  The object is simple.”  The Legend reached into his pocket, and pulled out a piece of paper.  On it was a drawing of a small box with the lid open, an orb-shaped object nestled inside.  
“You will all search – in a sort of scavenger hunt, if you will – for this box, containing this object.  This is drawn to scale, so you will notice the box is pretty small – only about a foot and a half or so in length.  Pass it around so you can all get a good look at it.”  The Legend handed the piece of paper to someone in the front row who began to examine it.  Lyght frowned, thinking about Lyn’s words.  A scavenger hunt?  How were they going to find such a small object in such a large place as Zone Zero?
As Lyght was thinking, he couldn’t help but notice some kid off to the side staring directly at him.  Lyght glanced over quickly, trying to recognize him.  He looked vaguely familiar.  A short kid with sandy-blond hair and a slight build, Lyght had seen him around training like the others, but had never talked to him and didn’t feel like he particularly knew the guy.  That was definitely strange, as the kid was staring at him with something that looked pretty close to hatred.  Lyght glanced back at him again, to make sure he wasn’t imagining things.  No, he definitely wasn’t.  
Why then?  Lyght clinched his hands in his fists and tried to concentrate on Lyn up front.  What had he done that made this guy so upset?  He didn’t understand.  Nevertheless, Lyght had to focus back in and pay attention to his teacher, trying to ignore the pair of eyes burning into him in the corner of his vision.
“The point of this exercise”, Lyn continued on, “is for me to evaluate your Dreamcasting abilities and see where you all stand before we begin officially training you in the subtle and powerful art of energy manipulation that we know as Dreamcasting.  Now I’ll admit, the choice of the box with the orb inside as the object of interest is not a coincidence.  I won’t tell you what it means, because it probably won’t factor in here, but it is possible I will learn something about the person who captures the orb.” 
Lyn paused and looked around the group, listening silently with anticipation.  The Legend looked up at the overcast sky for a moment, then back down at his students, “Of course, the objective is to capture the orb.  As soon as someone on one of the teams opens the box and touches the orb, I will be alerted, and the exercise will be over.  I will send red light into the air over base when that happens, and you are all to return back here at that point, no more fighting.  Understood?”  The group all nodded their heads; Lyght along with them.  He shifted a little bit, getting really annoyed at the kid staring at him off to the side.  He’d have to talk to that guy later.  Lyght sighed, already exhausted, and looked up at the cloudy sky, threatening rain.  He was so tired, and the morning was just beginning.
He didn’t have time to think about that, however, because four sergeants walked out of the base behind them at Lyn’s signal.  Lyn nodded to them and stepped back, heading into the base, presumably for a cup of morning coffee.  Lyght wished he could follow him, but he had to pull himself together.  In minutes, he would be expected to lead a team of students to victory against three rival teams.  He had to stay focused.
The sergeants split them up as evenly as possible into four teams.  Lyght was highly annoyed to see that the kid who had been staring at him was placed on his team.  Great, he thought.  Just what I need right now.
Nevertheless, the sergeants finished off the grouping and commanded each team to follow a sergeant to the starting spots.  Lyght and his team followed an old, balding sergeant who was generally quieter than the rest, but not necessarily nicer.  They walked in silence for a while, and a light drizzle started falling from above, a slight chill along with it.  Lyght noticed his teammates shifting quietly behind him, glancing at their leader.  Remembering himself suddenly, he spun on his heel to look at them, walking backwards with his navy cape fluttering in the head-on wind.  That kid was still staring at him angrily, but Lyght studiously ignored him as he focused on the rest of his teammates.
It’s time to lead now, Lyght.  You’ve got to earn this uniform to keep it.  Start now.
“You guys doing good?”, Lyght asked.  Heads nodded as his teammates looked at him, curious as to what he had to say.  Even as a leader selected by Lyn, Lyght had definitely spoken the least of his fellow class leaders; Seth being the exception, of course.  But even Seth was leading strongly by example.  Lyght knew he had to step it up.  So he took a deep breath, looked into their eyes, and laid out the plan.
“Ok, so here’s the deal.  We’re one of four teams; meaning that statistically, we only have a one-in-four chance of winning here.  However, we don’t have to play to the odds that way.  I can almost guarantee you that the other teams, especially Mikael’s team, will search out the other teams to test out their Dreamcasting abilities in a real conflict.  However, any two or more teams that get pulled into a battle will be relatively evenly matched, and they will essentially cancel each other out, removing them from contention in the main goal of finding the box.  So, our strategy will be to remain distant, staying close to the perimeter of the Zone and searching there, while making quick forays into the center to search as well.  We’ll work our way around the Zone like a clock, and if we don’t find anything, we’ll work from different depths on the second and third time around, and so on.  The main point is: we won’t get caught up in a battle with the other teams, and we will retreat from any conflict that could trap us.  The other teams will likely fight each other, but we don’t have to worry about that.”  
Lyght paused, looking around the group to gauge their reaction.  Not bad, they were looking at him with a bit more confidence now, except the kid to the side.  Lyght ignored him still.  “Make sense?”, he asked.  The group nodded.  Lyght nodded back appreciatively, “Good”.
They were not long after that in reaching the dispatch point.  They waited for about a minute before the sergeant saw the signal; green light over the base.  He nodded to Lyght, then walked away, no advice given.  So much for that, Lyght thought.  The sergeant disappeared into the thick trees, leaving Lyght alone with his team. 
Lyght froze for a second, but snapped to it as he realized where he was.  No time for weakness now, he had a job to do.  So he turned in the chilly air, cape flying behind him, to look at his team.  He made himself smile, “Ready?”  They nodded; a few even smiled back.  Lyght took that for a good sign.  He turned and motioned for the team to follow, and they began working their way clockwise around the massive oval-shaped perimeter of the Zone, eyes peeled for any enemies.  Lyght figured the enemy teams would dive straight into the Zone, leaving the path on the outside relatively clear for Lyght’s team.  This way, they would see anything coming their way, and even had slightly higher ground.  Not only that; Lyght also felt that it would be just the sort of tricky thing the sergeants would do to hide the box on the outside of the Zone, where all the teams started.
The rain started falling a bit harder as Lyght’s team worked their way around the perimeter, breath fogging in the air.  Moving as stealthily and silently as possible across the increasingly slippery ground, Lyght directed his team to step on needles when possible to soften their footsteps and conceal their presence.  They moved rapidly despite all the stealth, using the tried-and-testing method of moving with Dreamcasting power.
The team moved variously in runs and jumps, using touches of Dreamcasting to generate bursts of movement much faster than that of a normal human.  Lyght, thoroughly awake now, felt the familiar sense of humming energy as he sped along at a run, momentarily going faster than the full sprint speed of a normal person.  He would only use a short burst of power at a time in order to maintain his spirit level as he moved, running and jumping off of tree trunks to keep up his forward momentum.  It was the preferred method of moving with Dreamcasting when speed was of the essence.  
As it was, he had only started with about ninety minutes worth of spirit.  At the strength of two versions of himself, Lyght could boost his strength to run twice as fast and jump twice as far for a second, then let off the power as he flew through the air.  He cycled between two, three, and four times strength, making sure to use the greater burst in strength more sparingly.  In this way, he managed to conserve his strength as he sped along, eyes peeled for a small box anywhere on the ground, in a tree, wherever he could think of.  
As they went on and encountered no enemies, as Lyght had hoped, he looked back and gave the command to spread out in a line over a couple hundred feet or so in either direction, to increase their perimeter and likelihood of finding the box.  Along the line, Lyght assigned half the team to look in the trees, with the next person in line scanning the ground left and right.  Lyght himself was scanning the ground and looking out for enemies, as he had positioned himself deepest into Zone Zero along the line.  
They continued on searching in the chilly morning rain for over half an hour, finding nothing.  Lyght wasn’t discouraged, however – he knew the contest wasn’t over yet, as he hadn’t seen red light in the sky near the center of the Zone.  Lyght also knew it might take a few rounds around the Zone before they found anything.  As it was, at their speed, they were a little over halfway around the Zone perimeter by now, so they could be moving for a while yet.  Furthermore, he was inclined to think the other teams might have sought each other out and started battling.  So he hoped, anyway.  Lyght was more than happy to showcase his team’s Dreamcasting abilities through their movements and searching abilities.  That was, after all, what this test was about, right?
Lyght put on an extra spurt of speed and flared his Dreamcasting spirit as he jumped powerfully off the bank of a small pond, aiming for the far side.  He swept his vision back and forth as he flew through the air; seeing a tiny island in the center of the pond, the dull gray water rippling with raindrops, and the shore he was going to land on.  It took him a second to process, but as he landed with a thud on the far shore, he spun back around quickly to look at the tiny island, spotted with a few pines and shrubs.  He had seen something from his height in the air, nestled in a bush near the center of the island.  He thought he’d seen a point sticking out of the bush, and a dark flash, but he’d been flying by too fast to see it clearly.  Lyght looked over his shoulder, then spun to look back at the island.  He had to go check.  If it was nothing, he could meet back up with his team in a second.  
Decided, Lyght crouched and jumped again, using the strength of ten Lyghts to fly over the rippling water and onto the wooded island.  It was only a couple hundred feet across, so Lyght only had to work his way through a small batch of trees to get a good view of the center.  Yes, there was certainly a dark… something nestled in the bush ahead.  It very well could be a box.  Lyght dug a foot into the ground and launched forward, Dreamcasting strength sending him flying.  However, he immediately noticed something shooting down through the air above on the far side on the island.  A navy flash burned right through the pine branches and hit the ground running, close to the center of the island.  Lyght’s intake of breath indicated surprise, but he really shouldn’t have been. 
Mikael.
Oddly enough, Lyght didn’t see Mikael’s team coming with him.  It seemed very unlikely that they’d both reach this spot at nearly the same time under identical circumstances, but Lyght just had to go with it.  Mikael was closer to the center, and now that Lyght was rapidly approaching, he could indeed see what looked like a dark box nestled in a stout green bush next to a towering pine in the center of the island.  A good hiding spot – one would have to see it from high in the air to notice it.  In other words, you would have to be searching with Dreamcasting.  Just what Lyght’s plan had been.  He was pretty frustrated to think that Mikael might beat him to it.
Not this time.
Lyght dug his feet into the ground and prepared for a huge jump, one that could maybe put him on an angle to attack Mikael from above.  It was all he had.  He had to stop Mikael, to put him on the defensive.  He had to…
“Aaargh!”
Lyght tripped and fell, hard, as something hit him from behind right as he jumped.  He went spinning across the ground and slammed into a nearby pine.  Stars flew in Lyght’s vision as he groaned from the impact, trying to get up.  Thoroughly shaken, Lyght got up on one knee, seeing a silhouette fly past him towards the box in the center.  Trying his best to focus, Lyght narrowed his vision and tried to identify his attacker.  One of the other leaders, maybe?  No.
Lyght was nothing less than furious to see that it was just the kid who had been staring at him angrily before.  He must have followed Lyght onto the island unannounced. 
He must have just tripped up his leader just short of the goal.
Lyght growled in frustration and jumped to his feet, spitting out pine needles and running forward as best he could, which wasn’t fast enough.  He must’ve twisted his right angle as he had jumped and been hit.  Lyght was somewhat relieved to see, however, that the kid had reached Mikael just before his friend could reach the box.  And not only that, the kid was actually holding his own.
Going on the attack, the kid was using a fury of power to rip rocks, shrubs, and sticks from the ground and send them flying at Mikael, who was on the defensive, dodging and jumping, trying not to get hit.  It was a smart tactic; Mikael didn’t have the precision of spirit to be able to directly counter by deflecting each object as it flew.  With so many things flying at him, as Mikael could do was dodge, and he was barely able to do that without getting hit.  It was only matter of time until something reached home and hit him – hard.  As much as Lyght was annoyed at the kid, he had to be impressed by his skill.  Lyght was fairly good at precision of spirit control, but not nearly advanced enough to send multiple objects flying at a moving target, let alone dozens at a time.  As much as he hated to admit it, the kid’s skill was impressive.
While his teammate was distracting Mikael, Lyght ran and tried to reach the box in the center.  However, after the kid sent a sizeable rock flying at Mikael’s head, he turned towards the box himself, a mere few feet from Lyght’s position.  As he saw Lyght bearing down on the box, he spun and flashed an arm forward with the speed of ten men, blasting Lyght right in the gut.  
The vicious punch landed with a force like nothing Lyght had ever felt.  Bent double by the hit, Lyght coughed up blood as he plowed into the hard ground.  Vision blurred and head hammering, Lyght forced himself to stay conscious.  He spat out more blood as he lifted his head slightly off the ground, seeing the kid grab the box and look inside.  Indeed, a small, clear orb sat nestled inside in a little depression.  The kid reached for it, smiling.
Lyght did the only thing he could think of.  Reaching out his right arm and yanking it towards him, he pulled gravity – hard – onto the kid’s foot and send him spilling to the ground, unprepared for the attack.  The box slipped and tilted as he hit, and the orb rolled out, but away from Lyght.  Lyght jumped up, his every muscle fiber protesting, and limped over as fast as possible.  The kid must have thought he’d just tripped on something, for he inched across the ground toward the orb, hand outstretched.  Lyght reached him just in time.  Giving his non-twisted ankle the necessary speed and power, he kicked outward powerfully, knocking the kid’s hand away with a crushing blow.  
As he cried out in pain, Lyght looked down at him, breathing hard, and kicked the orb up.  The kid on the ground followed it with big eyes, then saw his leader standing above him, bloodied and hurt.  Lyght looked down his supposed teammate in disbelief, but raised his eyes again as the orb fell, glinting.
Lyght caught the orb in his hand, and as he did it suddenly pulsed with a blinding, burning electric blue light, like a ball of icy fire.


Chapter Twenty-Five
Seth never could stand the Southern weather.
He stood out on the balcony of his room, looking out over the busy channel, steel-gray under the cloudy sky.  It felt weird – by this time of year, Seth was used to bitter cold and driving snows.  But winter was a lot later in coming here in the Pride domain, and when it did come, it was but a whisper compared to the roaring snowstorms and lethal cold of the far north domains.  Seth had not yet shaken his habit of dressing too warmly, and so he stood out on his balcony wrapped in several layers of black cloaks, unnecessary in the brisk autumn weather.  His navy blue cape was still tied on from training.  The wind blew in off the channel, whipping the cape behind him, rustling and snapping.  He blinked as his eyes began to water.  It really was windy out here on the shorefront.  
Off to the left, Seth could make out a massive dark steel bridge, which he knew was over ten miles across in width, not to mention its ridiculous length.  It was so large, one could stand on the far right of the bridge and not even see the channel on the other side of the bridge to the left.  Seth knew it ran all the way to the North, where he had come from.  This bridge, and two others like it, connected the North and South domains all the way across the massive channel.  They were a highway for trade and industry, and yet regular people rarely if ever seemed to use them.  
Seth had hardly ever met anyone in the North who had been to the South before.  Seth had been to the distant South, once or twice, on matters concerning the Dream Syndicate, which he helped lead.  He had always tried to avoid the capital, however, considering that the four leaders of the Dream Syndicate were the most wanted criminals in the land.  Luckily, the King did not know what they looked like, but it was a deadly risk nonetheless for Seth to show his face for an extended period of time in the heart of the King’s territory.  Decimader Vuruman had always had a much weaker hold on the North, but the South was a different matter.  Seth had to be very careful.
Which was why he had originally objected, for example, to enrolling himself and Iri in the program at the Legion Academy.  It had seemed like the worst idea in the world to Seth to try and enter the training program for the very organization whose mission in the past few years was largely to hunt down and destroy the rebellious Dream Syndicate group.  It seemed stupid beyond belief to Seth that himself and Iri were told to capture and kill two separate Dreamcasters who were on their way to the capital to join the Legion Academy, and then show up in their place.  
Although, against Iri’s advice, Seth had opted to trick each Dreamcaster rather than kill them; dressing up in armor and pretending to be a Legend, convincing the recruits there had been a mistake, and that they couldn’t enroll until a year from now.  He had had to draw his words in the air with Iri’s pen, although he felt that had added to his mystique and maybe made him seem more legitimate, though he couldn’t be sure.  It had taken some convincing, but ultimately he had persuaded them to turn around and go home.  By the time the pair returned to the capital in a year, Seth should be long gone from the capital.  Admittedly, it wasn’t the best plan, but Seth really didn’t want to kill anyone unless he absolutely had to.  He was sick and tired of taking people’s lives.  It sickened him that it was apparently the only thing he was good at.
Seth started when he heard a knock on the door behind him, and reached his hand for the sword slung across his back.  Who could possibly be visiting him?  It should have been obvious, but it wasn’t until he heard the voice outside the door, “Open up Seth, it’s just me.” 
Iri.
Before he could take more than a half-step toward the door, he heard a click and Iri opened the door, stepping into the room.  She must have opened the lock with that bizarre pen, Seth thought, bemused.  The Dreamcasting object she used was a relatively recent addition to her repertoire, and Seth had to admit it was very useful.  Seth wasn’t sure how, but Iri had been saying she made the thing herself.  Whatever it was, it channeled spirit smoother, cleaner, and with less excess loss than using your regular arm.  He kind of envied it.
Seth nodded to his friend and companion and she walked in, careful to shut the door and lock it behind her.  They had to keep in mind that they were highly wanted criminals, even if no one knew what they looked like.  Supposedly, anyway.  
Iri walked out to join Seth on the balcony and crossed her arms on the railing, looking out at a cargo ship as it pushed off and sailed leisurely out of port.  She sighed and looked at Seth, “So how’s it going?”  Seth, obviously, didn’t answer, but Iri was had gotten very good over the years at reading the answer in his eyes.  She nodded, as if he had spoken, “Yeah, I’m tired too.  I wouldn’t have believed it, but this training regimen is actually wearing me out.  Maybe this is why those damn Legends are so tough.”  Seth smiled slightly, and Iri laughed, straightening up and turning to put her back against the railing.  After a moment, she turned to Seth, growing a bit more businesslike.
“So, as you might have guessed, the reason I came over is because we’re supposed to report to Troy and Kiara.”  Seth rolled his eyes, but Iri was adamant, “It doesn’t matter that you can’t say anything!  You’ll still contribute to the discussion by being there, just like always.  You’re one of us too.”  Seth nodded in gratitude and waved a hand, giving her the go-ahead. 
Iri whipped the pen out of the sheath at her waist and spun it in the air, as she usually did.  Seth would’ve thought she did it to show off, but he knew her better than that.  It was probably just a habit she’d gotten into.  Nevertheless, Iri drew a box in the air, about three feet by three feet.  A silvery outline appeared in the air where the pen passed through, and the air in the center of the square shimmered in a wave.  Seth never had understood how she did this, but it was highly convenient.  A similar box would now appear in front of the ones with which she desired to communicate, and it would take a minute or so to connect and create the proper resolution. 
Indeed, after a short wait, Troy and Kiara’s faces because clear inside the box; and Seth knew the twins could see his and Iri’s faces just the same way.  Amazing.  Seth wished he could do things like this.  His best talent was killing people quickly and silently.  He wasn’t proud of it.  Seth often wished he had half the abilities Iri had.  She just seemed so naturally talented with Dreamcasting, possibly more than anyone he’d ever seen.  Troy was great as well, but deep down Seth didn’t think even he could match Iri in terms of skill.  Troy was a natural-born leader though, and wickedly talented in his own right.
Troy himself smiled as Seth and Iri came into focus on his end.  He waved a little, apparently amused by this new method of communicating.
Iri spoke for both of them, of course, “Hey, guys!  How’s it going?”
Troy gave a thumbs up as his twin sister Kiara answered, “It’s alright, but we’ll tell you more about us after you tell us what’s happening on your end.  So, how are they looking?”
Seth and Iri exchanged a glance, “Pretty good, actually.  You may be surprised to see Seth wearing the colors and cape of our enemies.”  Troy and Kiara nodded, keen to hear more, and Seth couldn’t help but being a bit embarrassed.  He crossed his arms and looked down.  Why couldn’t he have remembered to take this off?  It was so obvious…
Iri kept on, heedless of Seth’s discomfort, “The reason he’s wearing that is because during our first test, literally on the way to the Academy building, we apparently ‘impressed’ Lyn – and the sergeants that work for him.  He gave both of us, and – coincidentally – the ones we’re watching these navy Legion capes and named us ‘class leaders’.  It was a great move on his part, really helpful to us.  We’ll have to thank him later.  So right now, the four of us are the most high-profile members at the Academy.”
Seth saw a look of worry cross Troy and Kiara’s face, but Iri shook her head, “Don’t worry about us, we’re keeping our cover fine.  The point is; the two students, Lyght and Mikael, are looking very much like the Heirs we thought them to be.  They’re intelligent, skilled, and most importantly, are virtually inseparable.  They work together on pretty much everything they can.  We’ll keep watching, but it seems to me and Seth that we are actually right about this one.  It seems they really are the Heirs, and if so, me and Seth will make sure we get them on our side.  We won’t let the King find out about them.  If it even seems like he might be wondering about it, our source will let us know, and we’ll get them out of here.”
Kiara nodded, “Thank you, you’ve both been doing an excellent job.”  Troy nodded in agreement, chuckling, “Yeah, you really are.  And it is so funny to me that the King spends his entire thousand-plus year reign looking for the Heir – since he believes there to be only one – and now they’re right under his nose in the capital, and he doesn’t even know it.  We’re really lucky we found out about this.”  The others nodded, and Troy continued on.
“I’ll keep this quick, since I’m sure the pair of you need your rest.  Kiara and I haven’t found what we’re looking for yet.  We’ve hit most of the likely spots in the Sorrow domain, and we’re searching the Hate domain right now.”  
Seth nodded.  Troy had had a keen insight before they’d left for Glory.  The four of them had always had it from Lyn that the Heirs were destined to defeat the Dark with a “sacred object”, though the Legend had always been vague about what that was specifically.  However, Troy had realized that if these two – Lyght and Mikael – were indeed the Heirs, they would need the object to wield in their mission.  And all that Lyn had said was that the object would reveal itself to those who sought it for its true purpose.  As far as its location, Lyn had told them it wouldn’t likely be in the South.  So, Troy and Kiara had decided to stay in the North to look for it, searching in sites of historical significance, in the new land formations that tended to emerge after Dark nights, everything they could think of.
Troy continued, “We’re going to keep searching, and that’s important, but we don’t really have a lot of information here.  I have to admit, it seems like Lyn was being intentionally vague when we first talked to him about this.  Not only that, but surely by now considering that the Heirs very well might be upon us, we think he’ll give us the information we need to find it.  So, if you could, we’d like you two to get Lyn alone and talk to him about this.  I know that it may be difficult to pin him down, but we need you to do it.  It just might give us what we need to be successful.”  
Iri and Seth nodded, and Troy closed his eyes in gratitude.  “Thanks guys.  We’ll keep looking, so keep up the good work on your end.  We know how dangerous and difficult this job is for you, but this may bring about the end we seek once and for all.”  As he was speaking, the box showing their faces began to fade out – Iri couldn’t keep a technique like this going forever.  Troy made a fist as he faded out and smiled, that familiar gleam in his eye.
“We’re close guys – very close – to destroying the Dark once and for all.”


Chapter Twenty-Six
Lyght was up especially early this morning.
He stood on a hill, one of the taller ones in Zone Zero, amongst a scattering of maples decked out in the fiery oranges and reds of high autumn.  The sun had risen about an hour ago, and Lyght had been out here even before that.  It wasn’t just that he didn’t want to be late again, although that was part of it.  No, Lyght just felt he needed some time to settle down and think before he went to classes for the day.  He was still trying to make sense of what happened yesterday.
The thing was; there were multiple things that had happened yesterday that just didn’t make sense.  Waking up late, for one, shouldn’t have been possible.  That had definitely cost him in the exercise – he’d had to conserve his power significantly, and it almost got him beat.  Speaking of which…
Lyght still didn’t even know the kid’s name who had attacked him.  The question of why he had betrayed his leader in the exercise was still a mystery.  And Lyght still didn’t know why the kid apparently hated him so much.  No matter how Lyght wracked his memory for anything he had done to the guy, he just couldn’t come up with anything.  He felt like he just didn’t know him at all.  It was frustrating; after they had all returned to base yesterday after the exercise – Lyght leaving the kid on the ground behind him – there had been no time to investigate.  The kid never did show up back at base when they have arrived.  And there was no time to talk to Lyn about it either.  The teacher had looked at Lyght oddly when he saw his injuries, but ultimately dismissed all the students early for the day.  He apparently planned to discuss the test results today.  
And so it was that Lyght had gotten here early, on this tall hill near the central base of Zone Zero, waiting for the kid to show up.  From this vantage point, Lyght should be able to see everyone who came from the city to the base for Lyn’s morning Dreamcasting class, including the one he wanted to talk to.  The guy who had attacked him yesterday.  Lyght could have let it go, he knew, but he just had to understand why this person had a problem with him.  There was no guarantee he would show up today, Lyght figured, considering what had transpired yesterday.  Still he had to find out.
Sighing, Lyght leaned against a maple trunk and watched the sun rising in the azure autumn sky.  His eyes followed a flock of birds as they went spinning past right in front of him, cutting through the crisp morning air.  Lyght watched them go, thinking to himself.  Of course, his fight with the other kid yesterday wasn’t the only thing that confused him.  The object of the test itself was a mystery.  
When he had grabbed the orb to complete the test and notch a win for his team, it had glowed a brilliant, bright blue.  Small as the orb was, the light filled the entire island and even made it difficult to see.  Lyn had said that there was a small possibility that the orb would reveal something about the person who touched it.  Was this what he had meant?  The Legend hadn’t said anything about it to Lyght yesterday, but he had been looking at him oddly when he had arrived back with his team (minus that one kid, of course).  Maybe Lyn knew something that Lyght didn’t.
And speaking of that one kid…
Lyght saw a flash of movement below, maybe two hundred feet or so off into the trees.  He quickly recognized him – the sandy blond hair, the slight build, suspicious green eyes.   He didn’t look all that intimidating.  But by now, Lyght knew better.  To be honest, Lyght was somewhat surprised he was showing up at all today; considering what he’d done yesterday.  Lyght assumed he was trying to get here as early as possible to avoid any confrontation, for Lyght hadn’t seen anyone else approach yet.  Lyght smiled slightly.  Well, he wasn’t going to avoid seeing Lyght man-to-man, if that was his idea.  Lyght didn’t plan to report the incident to Lyn, not if he could clean it up by himself first.
So Lyght waited a few seconds until the kid drew a bit nearer, then crouched and jumped forward powerfully, enough to clear the hillside.  He touched gravity slightly as he landed, easing the impact somewhat.  He drew himself up with a hard look on his face as the kid approached; looking shocked to see his enemy so close.  The kid drew back a little, tensing, as if getting ready for a fight.
Lyght looked down at the kid and started with a simple question, “Alright, so let’s hear it.  What’s your name?”  The kid remained silent for a minute and Lyght closed his eyes, exasperated, “Come on.  It’s an easy question.  Who are you?”
The kid was still hesitant, but after a moment he raised his head and spoke in a quiet voice, “I’m Ben.  And I know you already.”  Lyght nodded at that, “Evidently.  But I have to say I don’t really know you.  So out with it, what do you have against me?”
Ben took a step closer, growing more confident as he apparently realized Lyght wasn’t going to attack him.  “I wouldn’t ordinarily have anything against you, but since you’re in the position you’re in…”  Ben paused, shaking his head.  “I’ll say it straight up – you don’t deserve to be our leader.  I don’t know what you did to impress Lyn, but I don’t get it.  You’re not vocal enough, you don’t take the lead like you should, and you stay in your own little bubble.  The only one you really even talk to is that other leader, Mikael.  He’s the one who deserves it, not you.  You don’t have what it takes to wear the Legion cape, and I don’t know if you ever will.  And you certainly don’t have what it takes to lead us, so we would all really appreciate it if you stopped pretending.”  Ben paused here, breathing hard, and looked Lyght in the eyes.
“So consider yesterday my challenge to you.  I should be one of the leaders, not you.  And I’m going to do whatever it takes to make sure that happens.  So consider yourself warned; I’m going to take it for myself.  I have nothing else to say to you.”  
Ben moved to walk past Lyght, giving him a hard glance as he passed him.  Lyght said nothing; he just stood there frozen, unable to think of what to say back.  So Ben just kept on walking, heading into the base.  It was at least a full minute after the kid had disappeared into the confines of the dark steel building that Lyght could bring himself to move, turning to look over his shoulder at the prints Ben had left in the ground in between the fallen leaves.  For some reason, Ben’s words were causing Lyght more distress than they really ought to have been.
Because no matter what Lyght tried telling himself, he feared that everything Ben had said was true.  It was very odd how he’d voiced Lyght’s deepest fears like that; the things he’d been trying so hard to ignore.  It wasn’t that Lyght didn’t feel like he had the skill to be a class leader; he did, and he knew it.  No, Lyght had to wonder if he had that charisma, that fire that a real leader possesses.  Questioning himself was one thing, but it wounded him more than he would have imagined to hear someone from his group say things like that.  What good was he anyway, if that’s really what they thought?
Growling, Lyght spun on his heel and headed towards the base.  No, he couldn’t let himself get caught up in what Ben had said.  After all, wasn’t Ben clearly the only one who felt that way?  After all, he’d been the one who attacked Lyght.  The others didn’t feel the same way, right?  Well… Lyght still felt that it was possible that they did, but it was not something he could not dwell on right now.  He would just have to focus on being better.  It didn’t matter what everyone thought anyway.
At least, that’s what he told himself.
As Lyght entered the base and looked around the corner into the cavernous meeting room where they always met in the mornings, he saw Ben by himself in the corner staring out the window.  So Lyght just crossed his arms and waited outside as more people trickled in one-by-one, until there were over a dozen chatting students in the room.  By this time, Lyght felt he could enter without having to interact with Ben.  Nonetheless, remembering Ben’s words about his isolationist tendencies, Lyght tried to enter into a conversation with three students, only one of which he’d really talked to before.  It worked okay, Lyght supposed, but he still found himself peeling away and going to greet Mikael as he walked in, yawning and stretching.  Somewhat angry with himself for his predictable behavior, Lyght greeted his friend anyway and went to stand with him by the wall, talking about the upcoming class.
This was technically their second Dreamcasting class with Lyn; but since the practical test had taken up the entirety of the first class, this was the first time they would learn from the Legend firsthand.  Lyght had been looking forward to it for awhile, actually.  Unfortunately, his morning was already off to a bad start.  Hopefully he could turn that around soon.
Lyght didn’t have time to spend brooding, however, because at that moment the giant Legend walked through the door, bending down so he wouldn’t hit his head.  He was fully decked out in gleaming blue armor today, as he often was, and looked particularly fierce with his massive dark steel sword slung across his back; hilt poking out over his right shoulder, gleaming with a large dark gem fixed on the pommel.  The room, full now, quieted almost instantly when he entered.  This apparently amused him, judging by the look on his face, but Lyght couldn’t see why he should be so surprised.  Lyght himself, along with Mikael, had known Lyn the longest, yet he had the same feeling every time he saw the man.
Lyn was just impressive.
The Legend strolled up to the front of the class and spun on his heel, looking around at all his students.  “Morning, everybody”, he said, nodding to them.  After receiving a few “good mornings” back, the Legend turned and grabbed a piece of charcoal and a map of Zone Zero off a table, pulling the map up and sticking it on the wall at such a height that he could draw on it.  
He began, “This is obviously a representation of the area in which we placed the four teams for the scavenger hunt last time.”  He circled all of the Zone, then drew four stars apart from each other around the perimeter of the Zone, “And these are the starting points for each of the four teams, which I’ll label L, M, S, and I to abbreviate their leaders.  And here,” he circled the tiny island near the southwest perimeter and put a star in the center, “was where the box containing the orb was located.”
“Now, I won’t tell you how at this point – it’s a classified Legion technique – but I was able to see from here at the base what each of the teams were doing.  So let me fill you in on what happened to the other teams.  Mikael’s team – starting from the north – headed in a straight line towards the center, Iri and Seth’s teams in the west and south respectively went into the Zone as well and searched a quadrant of it near their starting point, and Lyght’s team in the East worked their way clockwise around the perimeter.  The latter was a very smart idea,” the Legend nodded to Lyght, who looked down, smiling a little.  Lyn drew another line, “Mikael’s team searched the center, and kept going straight, not having found anything.  However, they ran into Seth’s team in the south quadrant, and got caught up in a battle.”
Lyn turned from pointing at the map to look right at his students, “Now, you may have thought what we instructors wanted to see was a battle between teams to show off your Dreamcasting skills.  While we did learn about individuals’ skill levels this way, this was not the point of the exercise.  The point of the exercise was to use your Dreamcasting ability to complete the objective – in other words, to find the box.  Lyght’s team searched the perimeter to keep away from the other teams, and it largely worked.  They had the right idea.  However, had they kept going even a little farther, they might’ve run into Seth and Mikael’s engaged teams in the south.”  Lyn turned to look at Lyght, “In which case, you had ordered your team to do what?”
Lyght looked up, surprised at being called on, but answered nonetheless, “To retreat.  To go another way and keep searching for the box.”  Lyn nodded, “Exactly.  Good.  Now at this point, Lyght had organized his team into a wide line, searching around the perimeter.  He anticipated that this was where we would place the box, and he was right.  It turns out that Lyght personally, as the one furthest into the Zone, was the one who spotted the box.  It only would have been seen by someone jumping high into the air with Dreamcasting, am I right?”  Lyght nodded. 
Lyn looked around the class and said, “That, then, was the real test of the exercise – to see who could use their Dreamcasting techniques for stealth, strategy, and movement, not brute force or strength.”  He looked around the class, gauging their reactions to this revelation.  Some looked surprised, others looked angry with themselves for not seeing it.  Lyn continued on, “From this point, Lyght was able to find the box and capture the orb, ending the exercise.”  The giant Legend turned to look Lyght in the eyes, “Good job leader, you led your team to success on this mission.”  Lyght bowed his head in thanks, grateful for his teacher’s words.  They boosted his confidence more than he could say.  He would have to tell Lyn later how much he appreciated it…
But he couldn’t help but notice Lyn had definitely left something out.  Something very important.  The teacher hadn’t at all mentioned what had happened on the island; how Mikael had gotten there at the same time, how Ben had attacked his own leader, and how Lyght had to overcome him.  Lyght frowned.  Lyn must have seen all of that, right?  And speaking of which, Lyght realized he never had asked Mikael how he had reached the island.  His team had been engaged in the south, according to Lyn.  Lyght hadn’t had time last night to ask him what had happened on with his team.  Mikael was looking similarly confused now at Lyn’s omission, and Lyght saw that Ben looked downright angry.  Lyght could somewhat understand; the Legend was omitting his tremendous technique that had distracted Mikael.  But still… what he’d done had been against the rules.
Lyn made no mention of any of those goings-on, however, he just continued into a lecture about how to use Dreamcasting optimally for running, jumping, and traveling in general.  Although Lyght felt he already had a good handle on these things, he was still anxious to learn the real techniques from an actual Legend.  So Lyght sat back and listened, trying to take it all in and commit it to memory.  He couldn’t help asking himself in the back of his mind, though.
What happened on that island, and what was that weird blue light anyway?


Chapter Twenty-Seven
It was cold when Sky woke up.
Rolling over, Sky reached into her pack for her cloak.  She needed to get used to the weather; she still wasn’t accustomed to having to wear multiple layers.  Pulling the cloak on, she sat up and looked around the camp, fires still smoldering from the night before.  Most of the crew was still asleep, but she saw Max sitting up, rebuilding his own fire.  
With nothing else to do, Sky got up, stretching and yawning, and crossed the camp to talk to her friend.  Max smiled as she approached, saying “Good morning” in his characteristic carefree voice.  Sky responded in kind, albeit with a bit less enthusiasm.  Laying down the blanket she’d carried over and sitting down, she rubbed her eyes tiredly and took a deep breath of the crisp morning air, sending out a puff of fog as she exhaled. 
A light snow was beginning to fall lazily from the overcast sky, coating the already frosty ground.  The biting wind sent swirls of snowflakes and bits of ice dancing across the frozen surface of the camp.  Although it was only early November, winter came on early and quickly in the Northern domains.  Everything Sky knew about the North, however, was hearsay and accounts from the few Southerners she had met who’d been there.  Never having been here herself, Sky had to admit she was pretty unprepared for the weather, if nothing else.  They’d arrived on the coast of the Confusion domain late yesterday afternoon, and had trekked inland somewhat to approach Aston, a medium-sized town of no particular importance… unless you had the underground connections that Sky had.  Or, more accurately, that her friends had.  
Sky, still tired, lay down on the blanket and rested her hands behind her head, right ankle propped up on her left knee.  “Ok, so let’s run through the plan again so we’re sure we’re on the same page.  You’re one-hundred-percent positive that we can trust this man Gairen?”  
Max nodded confidently, “You can trust me; Jon, myself, and a few others of the crew know the guy personally.  We did some business with him a couple years back.  He’s agreed to be our source concerning the North, just as we’re his for the South.  To be honest, we were really lucky to run into this guy on the coast of Pride – it’s rare enough to find someone from the North coming to the South.”  
Sky nodded in agreement, gazing up at the flakes falling from the steely gray sheet above.  For some reason, she couldn’t help but think of the Dark, even in the daytime.  It had been Dark last night, although she hadn’t been up to see it.  She’d chosen to sleep through the Dark last night.  She didn’t have to, and she supposed she could have used the reconnaissance, but she really did need some sleep.
It had been a whirlwind of constant meetings, planning sessions, and discussions since Sky had stumbled upon the mysterious object atop the hill in Apathy.  She wore the Dreamcatcher around her neck now.  She knew it wasn’t technically hers, but she still felt a connection to it.  She felt like she needed to keep it around.  And if she was going to do that, she needed to understand it.  What was it?  Why had they found such an important object, whatever it was, in a criminal hotspot?  And how on earth had it cleared the sky on a Dark night?  If it could drive away the Dark in one spot, couldn’t it do that anywhere?  And if so, how might that be done?  So many questions.  Sky burned to find the answers.
It had certainly taken thought to figure out what to do after leaving the island Apathy.  In truth, the crew hadn’t really been getting anywhere in discussions until one afternoon aboard the Joy when Sky was having a discussion with one of the youngest members of the crew, fourteen-year-old Alan.  He had mentioned to Sky that there was a legend in the underground concerning a certain criminal group, elite and highly wanted, that actually sought to destroy the Dark as their primary mission.  To Sky, it almost sounded too good to be true. 
Though they had just popped up in the last few years, Alan said the group’s feats were legendary and their prowess unmatched.  He had also said that one of the Legion’s main goals recently had been to capture the leaders of the group and bring them to justice, but that they had so far unsuccessful.  Sky had heard of the group a few times, but not nearly in the same way that Alan was describing them now.
They were known as the Dream Syndicate – and, according to Alan – an elite and highly dangerous group of Dreamcasters who ran the North and defied the rule of King Decimader Vuruman and the Legion he commanded.
To be honest, Sky hadn’t believed the kid when he’d been saying all this.  She’d always been told that it was the Legion whose mission was to destroy The Dark.  How could it be their enemies’ mission?  Wasn’t that the opposite of the way it really was?  So Sky had asked the rest of the crew, and they had concurred with Alan that they had heard the rumors, but many if not most didn’t actually think the Dream Syndicate was a real group that existed.  
A small minority, however, insisted it was real and that their contact in the North, Gairen, knew of the group’s leaders and specific location.  It wasn’t much of a lead, again, but Sky was determined to seek out anyone they could ally with, anyone who might be able to explain the existence and purpose of the strange object she’d found on the abandoned island.  She still kept the note she’d found with it in her pocket and checked it periodically, wondering what it meant. 
Behold the Dreamcatcher – Talisman of courage, Gatekeeper of the spirit, Weapon of the light.
Suddenly, Sky braced herself and jumped to her feet, stretching.  She kicked her blanket up into her hand, nodding to Max, “Alright.  C’mon, let’s help Jon wake the others.  The earlier we get going on this, the better.”  
Max nodded, and together with the captain they woke the reluctant crew members and enlisted their help in packing up the camp.  Although the camp was sprawling and irregular, the tents only took the a few minutes to pack up for the several dozen crewmembers.  Within fifteen minutes, the crew was packed up and ready to go.  Jon took the lead as usual (someone had to with this group) and began to lead the trek toward Aston.
They had purposely positioned themselves close to the town last night; it should only take them about thirty minutes to get there.  This was definitely a good thing, as Sky had her arms crossed and was shivering in the biting morning air.  The cold was going to take some time getting used to.  She sighed and quickened her pace a few steps to fall in step with Max, throwing her hood up and turning to look at her friend, striding along carelessly in his usual light t-shirt  Wasn’t he cold?  Sky just shook her head; the guy really was a ball of energy.  Maybe he did move around too much to feel cold, she didn’t know.  Sky sometimes wished she had his relentless energy.  She considered herself pretty active, but Max, he was always doing things.  She did envy him a bit.
And not only that, but she valued his opinion more than just about anybody else’s.  The guy just had a sense for making connections between events, places, and times, for predicting what was going to happen.  And yet, he stayed eternally optimistic.  Sometimes to a fault, Sky thought.  But honestly, she admired that too.
Sky nudged him on the arm, “Max, I want to ask you an honest question.”  Max looked over and smiled widely as he always did, shooting her a quick wink, “Fire away.” 
She nodded, “At this point it seems we really have no option but to talk to this man Gairen, but… do you honestly think he knows where this mysterious organization is located?  What if they aren’t even real?  And how can we assume we know their objective based off mere hearsay from the criminal underground?  You know how rumors pop up in those circles.  So why?”  Sky spread her hands out, “What are we doing here?”
To be honest, she wasn’t sure why she was asking Max in particular.  It had been Sky’s decision as much as anyone else’s to come see this man Gairen.  However, she just felt they were really reaching at straws with this one.  Nevertheless, it angered Sky a little bit that she kept telling Max how uncertain she was at every important step of their journey.  She wasn’t proud of it.  She needed to be more committed, and she needed to shut up.  Really.
Max didn’t seem to think so, however.  Growing somewhat serious for a moment, he nodded, contemplating.  Looking up at the softly blowing snow, he answered with a question of his own, “I don’t know, what do you think Sky?”  He looked down and raised an eyebrow, waiting for her answer.
Sky frowned, “I’m asking you.”  Max nodded and smiled a bit, “Yeah, and I asked you the same question back.  I’m curious to know what you think first.”  
Sky sighed, “Well, I feel like we’re doing this because we don’t have anywhere else to go.  And I don’t think I could stand not doing anything, so…”
Max actually laughed a little, and Sky looked at him, confused, “What was funny about that?”  Max shook his head, “Sorry, but the way I see it, that’s what you think that you think.  You believe,”, Max reached a gloved hand out, palm up, and caught a falling snowflake on its thick black surface, holding it up to show to Sky, “that like this snowflake, you just fell here.  Circumstances led you to make decisions that led you here, but you wonder to yourself; how did I get here?  Should I be here?  Do I even want to be here?”  Sky nodded slowly, very impressed with his insight, but still not sure where he was going with this.
“Well”, Max clenched his hand together, crunching the snowflake, and casted it to the ground, “last time I checked, you were a human, not a snowflake.  If you look back on it, you’ll understand that you got here not only because this is where you want to be, it’s where you need to be.  If it wasn’t, you wouldn’t be here.  Does that help?” 
Sky frowned, put off the change in direction.  “And here I thought you were going to say something profound, but that’s the best you can come up with?”  Max laughed, running a hand through his sandy-blond hair, clearing the snow, and throwing his own hood up.  “I’m not a philosopher, you know.”  
He looked back over his shoulder, and seeing no one within earshot, continued, “But seriously though… don’t take all this too seriously.  What I’m trying to say is that you’re here with us because that’s clearly what you want to do.  Plain and simple.  And between the two of us”, he leaned inward, dropping into a conspiratorial whisper, “there’s worse things to do with your time than banding up with your friends to save the world.  So lighten up”, he straightened up, smiling, “just think; who wouldn’t want to be us right now?  Not me.”  He winked again and walked away, leaving Sky standing alone, utterly confused.  After a moment, she shook her head and kept walking, putting he hands in her pockets to keep them warm.  She watched Max enter into a conversation with another crewmember, Nair, who was walking by himself.  She couldn’t help but smiling a little.  Max clearly thought he had multiple people to encourage.
As the hazy outline of Aston became clear through the increasingly driving snow, Sky stared at the frosty ground and wondered at herself.  Max was right.  Apparently all she’d needed was for someone to put things in perspective.  She couldn’t afford to be such a downer at this stage.  After all, the whole mission had been her idea in the first place.  At the beginning, she had thought that her friends had only signed up to go on a “real” adventure.  Now, she got the feeling that the crew actually wanted to work with her to help destroy the Dark.  They had never experienced the Dark themselves, of course, but she had talked to them all about it.  She shouldn’t have been surprised that they’d want to help, she supposed.  After all, she’d heard it said that every boy dreamed of saving the world, and it hadn’t escaped her notice that she was the only girl in the crew.  
But here was Max, telling her to just relax and have fun?  That had never been a problem for her; she’d never known herself to take herself too seriously.  But apparently she had been doing exactly that lately, moping around and drawing all this attention, so much that Max needed to encourage her.  That wasn’t right; she was supposed to be the self-assured one.  She looked up at the approaching town, committing herself to get her act together. 
From here on out, I’m going to enjoy myself, like Max said.  No more questioning myself; just living in the moment.  If I’m not making the most of my time, why am I even living?
It was odd, but she felt like a literal weight had been lifted off her chest as they entered the town of Aston.  Even through the snow and the cold, she felt herself smiling a little.  By now, Sky was beginning to feel actual excitement for their meeting with Gairen.  She looked at her surroundings with renewed interest as she walked through the strange town.  
It was different from those you would see in the far South; the buildings were actually made of stone or metal for the most part, and they were much larger than dwellings in Kona for one.  Multi-storied and with fewer windows than Sky was accustomed to seeing, she noted with interest the clear difference in lifestyle between the North and the South.  In Kona, at least, people lived nearby each other and had frequent interaction with their neighbors.  Here, despite the fact the town was largely a residential area, the buildings were spaced farther apart.  Each residence had a distinct property, which was often gated or fenced.  
Sky was fascinated – she had never met a Northern person herself.  It was still quite early in the morning, so she wasn’t at all surprised to see that no one was out in the wide cobblestone streets yet.  It looked like the first Northern person Sky would see would be this man Gairen.
They continued on, and Sky ran through the plan in her head.  They were to meet Gairen in the town square, from which he would lead them to his house.  Sky had asked Jon if this were safe, but he had assured her that no one knew of Gairen’s underground ties or of the knowledge he held about the Dream Syndicate.  Apparently, he was the chief medic of the town of Aston, and was a well-respected and established individual with a good reputation.  Jon had been one of the crew who had met him personally, and swore by the man’s character.  Sky couldn’t help but look forward to meeting him.
The snow began to pick up as the crew neared the town square, clouding Sky’s vision and making her shiver again.  She pulled her cloak tighter, but managed a smile.  Ask her a year ago, and she would have never been able to see herself in the North with a crew of friends, searching for information on a secretive, elite group of Dreamcasters.  It was pretty big time, she had to admit.
At this rate, I’m going to be as important as Lyght, maybe more so.  She laughed a little to herself, now that was a funny thought.
They were nigh upon the town square now.  Sky was near the front of the crew, and heard a kid to the left – she couldn’t see who through the snow – call out, “I think I see him!  Look up there; I think he’s standing out on a balcony.  See?”  The kid was pointing, and the crew bunched up as they entered the town square, trying to see through the swirling snow.  Sky looked where he was pointing, excited for her first glimpse of a Northerner, but stopped dead in her tracks, eyes wide.
Apparently, the crew behind her didn’t catch on as quick as she did.  Some continued forward, waving and calling out, “Hey!”, “Gairen?  It’s us!”, and “Long time no see, man!”  However, within the span of a few breathless seconds, they saw it too.  Gairen was not standing on a balcony.
Even through the blast of dirty snow, a waterfall of dark red was clearly visible.  Dripping silently onto the drifting snows below the wooden town hall building, the crimson flood led up to a shadowy figure twenty feet above them on the building.  Sky frowned, trying to see it.  On the building?  She gasped in shock as her eyes locked onto it.
A man was nailed onto the building, a trio of spikes impaling him through his chest and abdomen.  The writing on the wall above him was clearly lettered in blood.
Lived a Coward – Died Alone.


Chapter Twenty-Eight
Lyght took a deep breath of salty sea air as he walked along, watching a group of seagulls wheeling above.  The channel that ran by the great city of Glory was so wide that you couldn’t even see the other side; it was essentially like an ocean in and of itself.  The churning water was a steely gray today beneath an overcast sky, and light rain had been falling on and off for the past couple hours.  Lyght watched as droplets of water pattered off of the choppy surface of the channel, making an oddly resounding hissing sound.  Most of the fishing vessels and other ships had recently docked, or were pulling in now.  A large storm must be coming.  
Lyght wasn’t headed anywhere in particular; he was just out taking a morning walk to clear his head.  It was something he’d always liked to do back home.  Lyght looked down as he tracked in the sand with his bare feet, feeling completely relaxed for the first time in a long time.  He yawned, stretching, and ran a hand through his hair, thinking about what he wanted to do today. It was early Saturday morning, so he didn’t have to worry about going to class today.  He vaguely thought that he might practice some of the Dreamcasting manipulations he’d been learning from Lyn later, but for now he had no particular agenda or purpose.
Of course, that didn’t last long, “Hey!  Hey, Lyght!  How’s it going?”  Lyght turned to see a pair of his fellow class leaders sitting at a table eating breakfast at one of the seaside restaurants that dotted the channel banks.  It was the girl Iri who had spoken, with her hulking companion Seth accompanying her as always.  Iri waved him over, so Lyght left the empty beach and came up to greet his classmates.  Hopping over the railing separating the restaurant from the beach, Lyght smiled a bit and greeted the pair, “Hey Iri, how’s it going?  Morning, Seth.”
Iri looked towards the bar and rolled her eyes, “I’m pretty good, but unfortunately I can’t say the same about the service here.  The drinks are warm”, she complained, picking hers up and sloshing it around, “and they gave me weird looks when I ordered drinks for both myself and Seth.  I mean, come on.”  She shook her head.  “Anyway, I’m down to get out of here.  Mind if we walk with you for a bit, Lyght?”  Lyght shook his head to indicate that he didn’t mind, and Iri turned to try and get the server’s attention to bring the bill.  
Seth looked up and nodded at Lyght, as much of a greeting as he could really give.  Lyght nodded back nonetheless, intrigued as he often was by this guy.  Wearing a sleeveless cut-off shirt even in this relatively chilly weather, Seth looked as usual to be one of the most outwardly dangerous people in the Academy.  However, despite his build, Lyght hadn’t been able to help but notice that Seth tended to try to avoid conflict where at all possible.  This was an odd trait in a Dreamcaster and someone as physically imposing as him, and Lyght had wondered about it sometimes.  He would have asked Seth about it somehow, but of course the guy didn’t talk.  That was kind of a shame; Lyght wished he could learn more about the guy.
After some effort waving her arm and shooting dirty looks at the servers, Iri was finally successful in bringing a waitress over and getting their bill.  She threw down a few silver and copper Royal Standard to pay for her drink, and Seth did the same, standing up and stretching.  Iri got up as well, sighing at the bad service, but turned to Lyght with a slightly calmer look on her face now that they were free, “Alright, you can lead the way.”  A little bit bemused, Lyght turned to jump the rail and padded back down to the beach, Iri and Seth flanking on either side of him.  
Lyght just kept walking on as he had before, looking at the channel, silent and reflective.  He closed his eyes as he listened to the rush of the waves and the pattering of the rain, once again relaxed.  He wished every day could be like this.  But at the same time, he was glad for how far they were progressing in training.  He couldn’t help but wonder what Seth and Iri felt about getting to wearing the Legion cloak every day in classes and training.
He looked up at Seth, who was looking out over the channel, and Iri, who was looking a bit awkward.  Of course, she was walking along with two people who weren’t talking.  Lyght looked over at her and broke the silence.
“So, I’m curious to know – what do you guys think about all this?”  He gestured around in general, but explained what he meant, “You know… the city, the program, the other people, and especially being a class leader.  I haven’t gotten to talk to you guys about it yet, everything’s been so busy.  I mean, isn’t wearing the navy blue a dream come true for you guys?  It’s so cool, right?  It is for me.  It still feels kinda surreal.  I…”  Lyght pulled up suddenly, realized he was rambling.  He shook his head, but continued nonetheless.
“I guess I feel like I don’t really know you guys all that well.  So what’s the story with you guys?  Where are you from, and how did you get here?  All that stuff.”
Lyght thought Iri looked a little uncomfortable for a second, but then she laughed and answered, “You have a lot of questions, huh?  Well, to tell you the truth, we’re pretty atypical when it comes to prospective Legion members.  When it comes to where we’re from, that is.  We’re both from the North, which you’ve probably noticed isn’t very common at the Academy.  In fact, I think we’re the only two there right now, as far as we know, who are from the North.”
Lyght looked back and forth and Iri and Seth, but he could see it was true.  They did dress oddly, wearing seemingly too-light clothes all the time, and had subtle accents that were hard to place.  Lyght smiled wryly to himself as looked out to gray sea again.
This must feel like summertime to them.
He looked back at Iri as she continued on, “Yeah, I’m from the Confusion domain, and Seth’s from Fear.”  
Lyght tried to conceal his reaction to that one, but apparently he wasn’t very successful as Iri nodded slightly, “Now that’s one that you definitely don’t see often, isn’t it?  We in the North hardly ever see people from Fear, so I’m sure Southerners don’t either.  I’ve probably heard the same things about the domain that you have, so…”  She glanced uncomfortably up at Seth, “Unfortunately, though, I don’t think Seth will be telling you about where he grew up.  Sorry Seth,” she said, glancing over at her huge friend.  He just shrugged, looking indifferent, but Lyght thought he looked a little tense.  Iri was quick to change the subject.
“As for why we came to join the Legion Academy, well, I guess it’s for the same reason as everyone else.  We both Dreamcasters, obviously, and I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t intrigued by the prospect of becoming a real Legend.  I never even considered it as a real possibility.  It’s a little surreal.  But yeah”, Iri looked away, not meeting Lyght’s eyes.  That was odd.  “Yeah, that’s pretty much us.”  She paused a second before raising her head to look at Lyght, auburn hair blowing in the breeze.  “What about you though?  Seth and I haven’t really gotten to talk to your or your friend Mikael that much.  Which is weird, you know, since we’re all four class leaders.  So”, Iri spread her arms out, taking Lyght’s phrase from before, “what’s the story with you?” 
“Me?  Well”, Lyght looked skyward, thinking, “I’m from the Hope domain, far southeast.  So I guess you could say I’m all the way across the map from you.  I… well, suffice it to say I grew up in the small town of Kona on the southern end of the domain.  Mikael and I have known each other since we were about eight or so.  We were the only two Dreamcasters in the village, so it’s safe to say we got a lot of attention over the years.  It was kind of disconcerting, growing up with tons of pressure on you like that, but I came to accept it, I guess.”
Lyght paused, looking out at a deserted pier stretching out into the gray channel, watching the waves roll against its underside.  He considered whether he actually wanted to bring a certain point up.  He couldn’t see why not; except that he didn’t like to draw attention to himself.  He also didn’t want to look like he was hiding it, however.
He turned to look at Seth, then Iri, “Now this is weird, but apparently me and Mikael are the first Dreamcasters ever to come to the Legion Academy out of the Hope domain.  That just seems so unbelievable to me.  In the entire history of the Dreamscape, there’s been no Dreamcasters from my domain who made it here?  The odds on that seem very long.  I’m not sure if it’s a coincidence.”
He continued, “And something else about my path here has been nagging at me recently; and I certainly can’t explain it.”  Lyght took a deep breath, “From my understanding, everyone got a letter inviting them to the Legion Academy and telling them the time and place to meet.  Is that right?”  Iri looked uncomfortable again at this, but Seth nodded, so Lyght continued, “Right, well, that wasn’t what happened with me and Mikael.  Lyn came to pick us up personally, and escort us all the way to the capital.  Now, why would he do that?  It doesn’t make any sense.  Unless…”
Lyght stopped short, really hesitant to say what he’d been thinking now.  Iri urged him to continue “Go on”, she said, and Seth nodded his agreement.  Lyght closed his eyes resigned, and voiced his suspicion.
“The only way this kind of treatment makes sense is if Mikael and I are… special for some reason.  Like, more important.”  Lyght put his hands up, quick to clarify, “Now, I’m not saying we’re better than anyone else.  That’s not true.  I’m not saying that.  I’m just bringing up the fact that, from my perspective, the whole process of being accepted to the Legion Academy, being escorted to the capital, and being made leader almost immediately seems way too good to be true.  And I’m not being a pessimist, I’m really not, but you have to admit it’s weird.  It’s like there’s something going on I don’t understand, but I don’t know what.”  Lyght kicked a bit of sand with his foot, a little annoyed at himself for bringing all this up.  After all, wasn’t he just supposed to be out on a relaxing walk?
Lyght saw Iri look at Seth, who nodded back to her.  Something passed between them, but Lyght couldn’t tell what.  He looked back at Iri, who was looked up musingly at the sky, “What?”  
Iri maintained her posture for a second, before turning to look at Lyght.  “Can I ask you a question?”  Lyght nodded his consent.  She continued, “This may seem random, but I promise you it’s relevant.  Even if I can’t explain it right now, maybe the answer you give will help me give you more information on this in the future.”  Lyght was pretty confused by this comment, but Iri pressed on nevertheless, “And you’ve got to promise to answer honestly.  We’re all friends here, okay?”  Lyght nodded.  “Okay”, Iri began.
“Do you believe the Dark can be destroyed?”
Shocked by the sudden question, Lyght stopped in his tracks and looked with a whole new perspective at the short girl with the auburn hair tied at the back, and over to the muscular silent guy with the icy blue eyes.  Both looked at him intently, waiting for his answer.  He still couldn’t see why this was relevant, but he felt compelled to answer anyway.  And to give a real answer.
“I believe it will be destroyed.  ‘Can’ implies uncertainty”, Lyght said with a smile, standing a little taller as he spoke. 
Iri didn’t answer, but Lyght thought he saw approval in her eyes.  Seth’s too.  Lyght closed his eyes in satisfaction.
He may have finally found some true allies. 


Chapter Twenty-Nine
Lyght hoped he would finally be able to relax today.  He arose early in the morning, as he was used to doing by now, and dressed in his Legion uniform and cloak.  He didn’t understand why, but Lyn wanted the class leaders to wear the uniform at all times, not only when they were in class.  He didn’t particularly mind; he liked wearing it, but at the same time he didn’t want to look like he was showing off.  Lyght sighed, sure that Mikael wouldn’t be worrying about the same thing.  He’d have to just deal with it, he supposed. 
He wanted to spend this Sunday exploring around the city, as he hadn’t had the time for anything like that yet.  This weekend was the first one that Lyn had actually given them both days off, and Lyght planned to use that to his advantage.  It wasn’t just that he wanted to explore the city, although that was part of it.  No, he had his own plan for today.  He wanted to investigate something that had been bothering him since his arrival in the capital city.
He wanted to learn more about the King, Decimader Vuruman.  Lyght had grown up knowing him as “The Hero”, as he was affectionately called by many in the Dreamscape, especially in small Southern towns like the one Lyght was from.  Admittedly, Lyght didn’t know much about the man, save for the stories and legends about his feats that led to his ascension to ruler.  Common convention was that he must not have even been a normal man at all, if nothing else because his rule had spanned over a thousand years, and was still ongoing.  Lyght didn’t know what to believe about him, to be honest.  
And so Lyght’s plan for the morning, vague as it was, was to try to gain admittance to Triumph; the towering diamond shard-like building that served as the headquarters of not only the King, but also the senior members of the Legion, like the First Legend.  Lyght honestly didn’t expect to be admitted very far into the building, if at all.  If he had been dressed in normal clothes, he was sure he’d have no chance.  However, dressed in the Legion uniform, he hoped he might at least be able to get inside.  It would be clear under any inspection that he was not actually a real Legend at all – after all, he was eighteen, and looked it – but maybe the uniform would impress the guards.  Even if he didn’t get all the way to the top to seek an audience with the King himself (and there was little to no chance of that happening), maybe he would happen to run into and be able to speak with one of the senior Legends in the building.  Most likely he’d just be kicked out before he got to do anything, but Lyght felt compelled to try.  He honestly didn’t have that much else to do, anyway.
Lyght exited his room via his balcony, jumping down into the still empty streets, looking around.  He was perplexed for a moment by the absolutely deserted streets, before he realized that last night had been a Dark night.  No one would be getting up, as far as he knew, until eight o’clock.  Glancing at his watch, Lyght saw that there was still half an hour to go until eight.  He couldn’t help but wonder if the tower Triumph would have non-Legion guards posted outside on Dark nights and in the morning following.  He couldn’t see how that would be possible; normal people felt the strongest urge to be Asleep at this time, as he understood it.  He was in trouble if Legion members were guarding the massive gate at the base of the tower, for they’d recognize right away that he wasn’t one of them.  However, it should take Lyght about exactly a half hour to reach the gate.  He’d just have to take his time on the way there, he supposed, and hope they’d switched to ordinary guards by the time he’d got there.  
After thinking for a moment, Lyght nodded to himself and struck off into the city and away from the waterfront where the hotel he stayed in was located.  The glow of the rising sun behind him gave the Dark steel buildings in the “Heart” of the great city a fiery sheen; Lyght had to shield his eyes a little bit to even look at them.  
As Lyght strolled along the cobbled streets of by far the largest city he’d ever been to, he took in the intricately sculpted, colossal buildings soaring over him.  He felt surrounded by the towering architecture, but at the same time, he was completely alone.  The city was completely deserted at this hour, and Lyght had to admit it felt a little eerie.  Now that he thought of it, he supposed he’d always been headed in the opposite direction to Zone Zero for class at this time of day, not turning around into the massive dark steel city.  Somehow, the fact that he was in such a heavily populated and significant area made the emptiness of the streets, shops, and buildings that much more off-putting.
But, after a few minutes, Lyght realized the streets were not completely deserted.  He didn’t want to turn his head and look, but he thought he was being followed by someone.  When he turned a corner, he’d see a flash of gold or green out of the corner of his eye, but then nothing.  After a minute, Lyght took a sudden turn down an alley that allowed him to naturally tilt his head backwards a little bit, and he did indeed catch a brief flash of color as someone ducked out of sight behind a dumpster.  Lyght frowned, but decided to keep walking.  They didn’t seem to be too much of a threat; Lyght supposed if they were that dangerous, they would’ve been harder to detect, and they probably would’ve attacked him by now, seeing as he was alone.   Whoever it was, they probably weren’t a Dreamcaster, or they would’ve been more subtle about it.  Lyght just kept on walking; he could try to figure out what this person wanted by analyzing where they followed him to.  Would they try to gain admittance to the tower of Triumph as well?  He guessed he’d see.
Lyght had to admit, though he hadn’t really realized it, that his Dreamcasting skills had improved over the last few weeks.  He hadn’t had much opportunity to try out his skills outside of the structured environment of training, but he could already see the usefulness of one particular skill that Lyn had taught them.  It involved using the slightest possible amount of spirit, pretty much round the clock, projecting into the ground from your feet.  Theoretically, if you did it right, you could get the spirit to hover in one spot just below you in the ground, and it would waver when anyone approached.  If someone stepped on the ground above the energy, the user would feel the vibration.  It was very tricky to control round the clock in one small area just below you, and even harder to channel Dreamcasting power through your feet.  Lyght hadn’t even thought that it was possible, but apparently with focus and training an individual could learn to Dreamcast from each of their limbs, although the others besides your dominant arm would have a much weaker output.  It was enough for this technique, however.  
Lyght kept the technique on as he was walking, pleased with how well it worked in reality.  It had honestly surprised him that he was one of the only people in the class who’d grasped the concept yet; he, Iri, and another girl named Maia were the only other ones.  
That was one of Lyght’s strengths; control of spirit energy.  Mikael, by contrast, was much better at sheer force of spirit, and Lyght still wasn’t sure of much of anything about Seth.  Lyght was most often matched up against him and the other leaders in training exercises, and unfortunately hadn’t had much time to analyze Seth’s Dreamcasting style. 
By now, Lyght was only a few minutes away from Triumph.  He checked his watch again, frowning.  He had to go fast enough to not alert the person trailing him that he was suspicious, but slow enough to reach the tower hopefully following a changing of the guard.  He frowned, thinking that maybe he should take a circular route to add more time to the journey.  Before he could decide, however, he felt a sudden, strong vibration in the Dreamcasting spirit he maintained in the ground just below.  He started to turn, but before he could get around fully a hand grabbed on to his arm.  He tensed, realizing belatedly that he’d been caught, and fast.
How…?
He wrenched himself out of the grip and spun around suddenly, reaching over his shoulder for his sword, ripping it halfway out of its sheath with a metallic hissing sound before he stopped dead in his tracks.  He found himself looking down at the person who had apparently been following him; however, they didn’t look that dangerous.
Or, more accurately, she didn’t look that dangerous.  Rising just above Lyght’s shoulder in height, he set eyes upon a girl about his age, wearing a brown sweatshirt with the hood up, dirty-blond hair spilling out the front, green eyes wide with shock as she considered running.  Slowly, Lyght lowered his sword back into its sheath, but didn’t take his hand off it quite yet.  Frowning, he noticed a rolled-up piece of paper in the girl’s hand.  Even from here, he could see a Royal Coat of Arms wax seal stuck onto it.  A message?
The girl drew herself up haughtily as she apparently realized she wasn’t about to get impaled by a sword.  Crossing her arms, she looked at Lyght, but just stood there.  Lyght, confused, dropped his hand off his sword and raised his eyebrows.  He had trouble finding his voice for a second before asking, “What?”
The girl held out the paper and passed it to Lyght asking, “You’re Lyght of the Legion Academy, right?”  Without waiting for an answer, she continued on, “What I just gave you is a message from the King himself, which, so you know, is not an everyday thing.  It makes me wonder, who are you?  For what it’s worth, I’m a messenger for the King, and I usually only bring these to military leaders, Senate members, and even once or twice to the First Legend.  I’ve been asked to bring these to you and your friend Mikael, whoever he is, but I was hoping he’d be with you.  Now I’m going to have to find him too.  But enough of that – where are you headed, anyway?”  The girl tried to sound offhand, but Lyght noticed something odd in her voice.  He couldn’t place it however.  
Again, Lyght had trouble for some reason thinking of what to say, but he found his voice after a moment and asked the obvious question, “Forget me, who are you?  I mean, no offense, but you were following me through the city for a good twenty minutes.  Why not just come up to me and hand me this… message, is it?”  
Lyght frowned as he thought of it, could it really be a message for him from the King?  It seemed like too big of a coincidence that he would receive that now, on his way to the tower itself to try and meet with the man; or at least with his advisors, the senior Legends.  And there was something else that was bothering him…
Lyght looked down at the girl, who was standing noticeably more confidently now, despite being unarmed and having been caught following an armed Dreamcaster.  Who is she?, Lyght wondered.  He asked his question aloud, “And how come you’re awake right now anyway?  You’re not a Dreamcaster, are you?”
The girl shook her head, “No, of course not.  Then I’d have to be in your guys’ dumb training program, and that’s the last thing I want.”  Lyght frowned.  What does she know about the program, and why bring it up?
“Anyway”, the girl continued on, “you asked why I’m not asleep?  Well, why would I want to be?  That would just be downright boring, don’t you think?  I usually have to spend my daylight hours sending messages from the King, dreadfully boring though that is.  At night though”, she spread her arms out, “that’s when the real fun begins.”
Lyght thought he knew what she was talking about.  So she wasn’t a Dreamcaster, and yet she was able to stay awake on Dark nights?  That sounded exactly like Sky, though Lyght had never really found out how his sister could do it.  Maybe it was just a really rare ability a few people had?  He couldn’t tell. 
Nevertheless, Lyght gave up trying to understand anything about this girl and broke the wax of the message, beginning to unroll it, tense with anticipation.  The girl saw him doing this, and put her hand out, palm up, explaining, “The King said it’s a summons, for both you and your friend.  Now that’s what really shocked me when I heard him say that.  The King usually reserves such occasions for meetings with the heads of domains, high-ranking senate members, and the most senior of the Legion.  Care to enlighten me as to why you’ve been invited?”
Lyght was only half listening; he was reading the black ink letters written by the King himself, addressed to him.  Until he’d opened it, he hadn’t really believed what the girl had been saying.  But now he couldn’t help but read it top to bottom several times:

Lyght,

Greetings, I hope my friend Lyn’s program is treating you well so far.  You’ve been made class leader, as I understand it?  That’s excellent.  I have to admit, considering you and your friend Mikael are the first Dreamcasters to come out of the Hope domain, that’s very impressive.  In fact, I’m quite interested in you two for this reason.  I’m curious to know what it’s like for you two, coming out of that specific place, traveling all the way here and having such early success.  I hope to learn more about you.
So I would like to formally invite you and your friend Mikael to my monthly Legion dinner this Friday evening at eight o’clock, in the tower of Triumph.  The messenger I’m sending this letter with will come to your quarters that night, to escort you both there.  I’m looking forward to meeting and talking with some of the rising young talent in the organization.  The First Legend will be there, of course, along with some of the other senior Legends and some other dignitaries you probably haven’t heard of and don’t care about.

Anyway, I hope to see you there.  It will be good to see you again.
Yours in service,
Decimader Vuruman, King of the Dreamscape

As he finished reading for the third time, Lyght’s heart was beating a drum against his chest.  He couldn’t believe it.  He and Mikael were actually being invited to dinner with the King of the Dreamscape!  Never at any point in Lyght’s life had he thought he’d meet the man and talk to him personally.  It really was a sign of how far he’d come.
But there was something that was bothering him…
Lyght would have to go through the letter in more detail later, but one thing that jumped out to him was the, “It will be good to see you again” part.  Again?  Lyght had never met the Decimader Vuruman, obviously, and assumed that most people probably hadn’t.  So that was definitely confusing.  He looked up at the girl who’d brought the message, who was smiling at his reaction.
She spoke up, “No need to go to Triumph today, then, is there?”  Lyght frowned, How did she know I was going there?  Nothing about her makes any sense.  And she’s supposed to bring me to this, what is it, dinner?  
Lyght had to thank her, however.  “I guess I owe you thanks for tracking me down to bring this to me.  So thanks, um…”  He paused.  The girl walked forward and extended her hand out, “Sorry, I haven’t introduced myself.”  After hesitating for a moment, Lyght shook her hand.
“I’m Lyaness, nice to meet you.”


Chapter Thirty
Lost was the word.
Sky stood atop the gently heaving crow’s nest of the Joy, looking down at the rather joyless crew.  She really couldn’t blame them.  After the shock of finding their contact in the Northern town of Aston brutally executed in the center of town, the crew hadn’t really been able to think of anywhere else to go.  Without any leads or good ideas, the crew had retreated to the ship for at least some modicum of comfort and shelter against the bitter Northern cold.  Supposedly, they were planning the next step.  But really, the normally adventurous and bold crewmembers just sat around, keeping to themselves – not talking much.  Lost.
Sky herself just felt numb.  Now that she thought of it, looking down from atop the slightly rocking crow’s nest, she had never seen somebody die.  She had never expected the first death she experienced to be so violent.  So… meaningless.  Sky supposed she should’ve been shaken – scarred even – by the sight of Gairen’s body nailed to the wall, writing smeared in his own blood above his mangled corpse.  But really, she just felt numb.  Emotionless.  
It bothered her somewhat that she apparently wasn’t going through the same trauma the rest of the crew was.  Maybe it was because some of them had known the guy, and she hadn’t.  Maybe it would hit her later, she didn’t know.  For now though, all she felt was just numb.  It was weird – numbness was not something she typically felt or experienced.  It seemed like she was always doing something.  It scared her a little that she just didn’t seem to care as much as she should.
Sky raised her eyes from the crew on the deck to the coastline just ahead of where they were anchored.  The near-blizzard from before had died down somewhat, but silent snow still swirled across her vision.  Her gaze followed the steely-gray waves as they rolled landward, curiously muted by as the snow drifted softly from above, the occasional sea gust blowing the large flakes into beautiful patterns and formations in mid-air.  She couldn’t see more than a half-mile or so inland, even from her height.  Pulling a scarf up from her neck to cover the lower part of her face, Sky took a deep breath of the salty, frigid air, staring out into the wintry landscape as she tried to think.  She had to have some ideas, right?  What were they going to do next?  
She had, after all, promised that she would try and make herself more useful.  Remembering her discussion with Max, she shook her head, laughing at herself a little.  All she had promised then, now that she thought about it, was to “enjoy herself more”, whatever that entailed.  Sky had supposed she’d been letting the gravity of their mission and the difficulties they’d faced get her down.  Which, or course, was uncharacteristic for her in any case.  
But now?  It seemed like it was going to be hard for anyone in the crew to respond remotely positively after what they had just seen.  She glanced back down at the deck, looking for Max, but she didn’t see him.  She frowned, guessed he must be below deck.  Sky was honestly curious to see his reaction to the brutality they’d just seen.  After all, Max was one of those in the crew who had met Gairen, and spoke highly of him.  Not only that, Sky felt that if anyone in the crew were able to take their situation with a positive outlook, it was her high-energy friend Max.  
Since she didn’t see him, however, Sky turned to look at Jon, who was below on the deck with many of the others.  He sat with his back to the side of the ship, with a semicircle of four other crew members sitting around him.  Sky couldn’t hear from up here, but she would guess they were talking about the next step.  
Since Sky had found the “Dreamcatcher” on the island of Apathy, the mysterious woven object that had split the Dark open, their main plan of action was to seek out the Dream Syndicate, a rumored criminal organization in the North, to figure out what it all meant.  The Dream Syndicate’s mission apparently was, after all, to destroy the Dark once and for all.  Sky felt like she could relate.  She’d so keen to meet these individuals, criminal or not, and see what they knew.  Not only that, but Sky had found that those often portrayed as criminals or rule-breakers in the Dreamscape were sometimes the ones who were just trying to do what they thought was best.  They weren’t always as selfish as they were portrayed to be.  Sky felt she could relate to that too. 
However, their one connection to this path of actually finding the mysterious Dream Syndicate, if indeed it even existed, had now been destroyed.  Gairen, who Sky was sure had known something, had been killed.  Brutally.  Not only that, but they didn’t know who had killed the man, or why.  For all they knew, he could have been killed for something completely unrelated to them, and their arrival at that moment was unfortunate timing.  
Sky didn’t think so, however.  She just felt like this man knew something, and this knowledge was very dangerous or threatening to somebody.  Somebody who didn’t want them to find the Dream Syndicate.  Someone who didn’t want them to succeed in their mission of destroying the Dark.  Sky knew that maybe she was just being paranoid, but she couldn’t get past the image of the man impaled into a wooden wall, with eerie spiked letters written in blood above his head.  It had been a very vicious killing.  Sky just didn’t think it was a coincidence.  No way.
Regardless, it had happened, and the crew had to figure out where to go from here.  As she looked down at Jon and his gathered associates, she could sense their disquiet.  Even from up here in the swaying crow’s nest, Sky could see clear as day the look in the crewmembers’ eyes that revealed the question they were all surely asking themselves.
Why am I here?
Because if nothing else, it would seem that they could just go home if they wanted.  After all, what was really stopping them?  They’d sailed up here as adventurers, slightly naïve, even, to seek out the prospect of glory and accomplishment.  In fact, Sky was almost sure that none of them had seen this mission as different from anything else they had done… until that night on the island of Apathy when the blinding blue light had lit the clearing, and a legitimate hole had ripped open in the Dark above.  That had changed everything; about the mission, about the lengths they’d go to achieve it, and even their perspectives on the world and how it worked.  After all, if a small, mysterious object could rip a hole in the sky, what wasn’t possible?  Adventurers such as those who made up the crew of the Joy would, naturally, burn to find out more.  
But that was what had driven them this far in the first place.  That was what had led Sky’s friends into the bitter North, where most of them had never been.  However, Sky was sure that none of them, like her, had ever seen a sight like what they had just seen.  And it scared them.  It really put in perspective just how wild of a chase they were on, and what go could wrong.  Yes, it could go very wrong.  So it didn’t surprise Sky at all to see that the crew was down to their last.  Ready to give up.
Oddly, that realization gave Sky a peace of mind.  She knew what to do.
Not fully aware of why she was doing it, Sky jumped up onto the lip of the crow’s nest – precariously keeping her balance in the swirling snow – and, bending her knees, jumped off into the whistling wind.  Falling parallel to the wide rope ladder descending to the deck, Sky grabbed the ladder as she fell past it about twenty feet from the ground, using it to swing her around the pole of the crow’s nest and out into the open air.  She landed on the deck, in the midst of the circle of Jon and his friends, with a thud.
Still not entirely aware of what she was doing or why, Sky whipped her dagger out of its sheath at her waist and hurled it straight down at the deck, where is landed quivering with a thunk.  That got most of the crew’s attention, but she drew a deep breath and yelled for good measure, “Everyone, come on over!  Now!”  When most of the crew hesitated, she exhaled and tried to relax her posture a bit, “Please”.
Apparently, she had yelled loud enough to bring out the crew from below deck, in addition to the majority who braved the elements above.  She saw Max emerge from the main stairwell behind two of his friends.  He winked at her as he joined the rest in the semicircle that was forming around Sky.  After no more than a minute, the whole crew was in place and ready to hear what Sky had to say.  She gulped, not sure what she was doing, but kicked her dagger up out of the deck and into her hand with a fluid motion, twirling it.  She hoped she looked confident.  Looking into the curious eyes of her friends, she couldn’t help but feeling a nervous rush.  It felt good, though.
“So”, she began, “first of all, I’d just like to say you’re all my friends.  Though I know some of you better than others, everyone here has been in this… family, even, since a young age.  We told ourselves that we were explorers, adventurers… fearless, even.  Well, that last part may not be true, but with the trouble we always could’ve gotten in, we may be the closest thing.”  Laughs sounded around the group.  Sky took it as a good sign, continuing, “We told ourselves that even if we didn’t always fit in with what our villages and families wanted us to be, we could still be ourselves.  We told ourselves that we didn’t have to live a boring existence.  We told ourselves that we could have fun full time, and not have to grow up like everyone else.”
Sky took a deep breath, “Well, what we just saw really showed us, didn’t it?  Yeah, I think we all definitely understand now that life can’t always be fun.  Life can’t always be an adventure.  Now, maybe you already knew this.  To an extent anyway.  I’m not calling you naïve; I’m just acknowledging that all of you, like me, are optimists at heart.  While you rationally know that what we’re doing is crazy, you can’t help but feel that it’s all going to work out for the best.”  Heads nodded around the group, and Sky could see Max grinning widely out of the corner of her eye.  She wasn’t even sure where all this was coming from, but she supposed that it was working.  So she kept going.
“We know now that, no matter what we do, we have to grow up like everybody else.  But we also know that we don’t have to grow up and be just like everybody else, if you get my meaning.  We grew up today.  We saw a part of the world that we can’t take back, no matter how we try.  But we don’t have to grow up in the same way everybody else does.  We can choose to grow up to meet the challenges, instead of shying away.”  Sky paused, a little self-conscious, but continued, “We’re lucky enough to be not only young, but free as well.  And as a result, we can choose to smile in the face of adversity.  And that’s enough for me.”
She sheathed her dagger with an emphasis, and turned to walk out of the circle.  Before she made it, however, a resounding cheer went up amongst the crew.  Jon jumped up on a box and spread his arms out, proclaiming, “There you have it!  The hunt is still on.  Who’s with us?”  Another roar went up as a hand grabbed Sky from behind.  She turned to see Max standing there, grinning from ear to ear.  She tried to look exasperated, but couldn’t help it.  She smiled.
Max raised his eyebrows, “Told you, didn’t I?”


Chapter Thirty-One
Training had been particularly brutal on this Friday, but Lyght had to stay awake and focused.  As a class leader, he couldn’t doze off in front of his classmates.  He had to pay attention, he had to focus… but he just was so tired.  He sat now next to Mikael in Lyn’s lecture on “increasing and maintaining your spirit capacity”.  Lyght knew he needed to listen to it, but he was honestly struggling.  Yawning widely and shaking his head, Lyght tried to focus in on Lyn’s words.  He was saying something about sleep and spirit regeneration… yeah, he just wished he could get some sleep right now.
At this point, Lyght had been in Zone Zero for nearly thirty-six hours.  After arriving here yesterday morning and going through the typical mix of classes and training, it had been announced that they were doing a surprise test to determine their aptitude at this point in the program, as well as their chemistry with each other.  Unfortunately, this test had involved staying up all night, trying to find their way through a confusing and dangerous obstacle course set up for them in the Zone.  Not only that, but it had been a Dark night.  Lyght had to think that was intentional.  
So Lyght had faced the challenge of leading his usual team – unfortunately still including that kid Ben, who questioned his judgment and orders every step of the way – in very low visibility in a field of a few dozen hostiles on the other leaders’ teams.  They’d had to work their way through the Zone, following clues to get to the end, facing obstacles all the while. Lyght’s team hadn’t done terrible – they’d come in second to Iri’s team – but he was utterly exhausted the following morning.  And now they’d had to sit in class all day (thankfully they didn’t have to train) and try to stay awake.  Lyght had been doing a decent job, but he was slipping a bit now.  He needed…
“Lyght?  Lyght, are you listening to me?”  Lyght snapped his head up and saw Lyn speaking directly to him.  He flushed, a bit embarrassed, but Lyn seemed not to notice, “Didn’t you say earlier in the week you and Mikael had to leave a bit early on Friday?”  Lyght snapped to his senses.  That was right; they had asked Lyn on Monday if it was okay to leave early today.  Lyght nodded to Lyn, “Sorry, I forgot.  Can we go now?”  Lyn nodded his assent, so Lyght caught Mikael’s eye and stood up, heading out of the room amidst curious stares from his classmates.  Shutting the door behind him, Lyght slumped against the wall and sighed a bit, closing his eyes in fatigue.  “I forgot we had to go to this, didn’t you?”
Mikael laughed a little bit, “Had to?  I was under the impression this was something we get to do, you know, rather than an obligation.  Something fun.  You know, meeting the King of the Dreamscape, the First Legend, and all that.”
Lyght snorted.  Fun?  He agreed with Mikael anyway, “Yeah, you’re right.  I wasn’t complaining, I’m just saying – I’m going to have to sleep in tomorrow.”  
Mikael raised his eyebrows, “Well, obviously.  It is Saturday tomorrow, so don’t worry about it.  C’mon.”  He motioned for Lyght to follow him down the hallway, and they headed down the stairs, across the atrium, and out of the base into the forested expanse of Zone Zero.  
Lyght checked his watch; it was just after 6:30 PM.  They’d have to hurry somewhat to make it to Triumph by the prescribed eight o’clock start time.  Without further ado, they took off at a light jog through the trees, using touches of Dreamcasting power here and there as they alternately ran and jumped off trees, keeping a consistent momentum.  This way of moving had been burned into them through repeated exercises and drills, and it now seemed as natural as running or walking.  And it sure was faster if you had somewhere to be.  
Mikael, of course, broke the silence as they ran along, wet leaves slipping under their feet, “So… what do you think?”  
Mikael didn’t have to say any more, and Lyght didn’t have to ask.  He already knew what Mikael was referring to.  He was asking Lyght’s opinion on the upcoming event; the one they’d been eagerly anticipating since last Sunday when they had received their invites from the messenger girl.  The invitation to the monthly Legion dinner with the senior Legion members, the First Legend, and of course, the King himself.  Decimader Vuruman.  More than anything else, Lyght was excited to meet him.  Sure, it would be pretty cool to meet the First Legend as well, but the King was someone of the highest acclaim, someone who Lyght had always looked up to and admired from the stories.  But at the same time, he was someone about whom Lyght felt he knew very little. 
Lyght thought for a minute before replying, “Well, I don’t really know what to think.  As to why we’ve been invited to this in the first place, I’m as confused as you are.  I guess we’ll see, won’t we?”
Mikael laughed out loud, twisting and pushing off a tree trunk from his position in mid-air, Legion cape flying behind him.  He turned to look at Lyght, “Always the voice of brevity, aren’t you?  And here I was expecting an interesting debate on the subject.  Oh well.”  Lyght shook his head with a half-smile and bantered back, “I’m not brief, I’m just observant.  I simply find it more important to see what you are going to say on the topic.  See, I already know what I think.  Although, I’ll admit it’s not much.  I really don’t know what’s going to happen at this dinner.” 
Mikael looked over.  “What’s going to happen?  Simple.”  He reached over his shoulder and drew his sword with a flash, twisted it intricately into a dramatic grip.  Lyght sighed at the display, but Mikael went on, “The King, and maybe the First Legend too, are going to want to see our skills.  Fighting, Dreamcasting, whatever.  Obviously, they’re interested.  And I’m interested in them, so…”  Mikael shrugged, sheathing his sword as they continued to run along, near the edge of the Zone now.  “It’s that simple, I guess.”  Lyght just shook his head, amused but not surprised by his friend’s take on the situation.  That was typical of Mikael, although he was probably half-kidding when he implied the King was truly interested in their talents.  Sure, that was what he’d said in the invites, but obviously that was just manners.  Lyght knew his friend was wondering, just like him, what this meeting would all be about.
They kept their speed as they emerged out of the Zone and headed out across the rural land that separated the nearby city from the Legion’s training grounds.  Keeping to the path along the channel, Lyght couldn’t help but notice that passerby looked at them with something Lyght had previously been completely unused to seeing.  He’d been used to seeing respect in people’s eyes, but never this level of awe, adoration… wonder, even.  He supposed that the Legion uniforms he and Mikael wore sent the wrong message; people thought that they were already bona fide members of the Legion.  Of course they weren’t yet, but it still astounded Lyght to see how people looked at the members of the King’s Legion.  He knew they weren’t called Legends for nothing, but though he had dreamed about it, he’d never really thought he’d actually become one, especially so early in his life.  It was odd to see people twice his age looking at him like that, but he had to admit it felt good at the same time.  He couldn’t figure out how he really felt about it.  He knew what Mikael felt about it, though; he loved it.
By approximately 7:00, the pair reached the hotel in the city where the whole Academy was housed.  Lyght ran up to his room to quickly shower and change.  He put on nicer clothes underneath; a fine black shirt with red accents, matching pants, dark leather shoes; he even clapped on parts of his recently acquired black armor onto his forearms for good measure.  He’d bought the armor in the city armory, and he hadn’t gotten a chance to try it one yet.  He had to admit, it did look good.  He’d have to try on the rest later.
And of course, he wore his deep blue Legion cape tied at his collarbone, cascading down over his shoulders with the pure white slanted L symbol on the back.  Lyght wore his sword sheathed at his belt, as it was traditional for Legends to remain armed when in public or on occasions (Lyn had advised him on that).  Even as someone in the Academy, he wanted to make a good impression; wanted to show that he was the real deal.  Even with being named a class leader, this may be his biggest shot so far.  He was determined not to waste it.
Lyght checked himself in the mirror, impressed himself with his suddenly formal appearance.  Overall, he just hoped to dress well enough that his appearance wouldn’t be a distraction.  He was running a hand through his hair when a knock sounded on his door.  Knowing who it was, Lyght went to answer it.
Indeed, it was the messenger girl from before who was supposed to escort him and Mikael to the tower for the dinner.  Lyght frowned; she was oddly dressed up too.  She wasn’t going to the dinner with them, was she?  Lyght couldn’t see why, but he supposed he didn’t really know her, so it was best not to judge.  She wore a flowing gold and green dress, he could tell, but for some bizarre reason she still wore a hooded sweatshirt over the top, hood up as before.  Deciding after a moment not to ask, Lyght stepped out of his room and shut the door, locking it behind him.
What was her name again?  It was something… oh yeah, Lyaness.  Weird name, I guess, but whatever.
She motioned for him to follow, and he did so, as they headed up the stairs to pick up Mikael.  She turned to look at him as they crested the stairs in the dim candlelight, “So.”  
Lyght frowned, “So what?”  She lifted her chin and gave a hint of a smile, “What do you think?  Are you ready to meet the most powerful men the Dreamscape?  I have, and I could tell you what it’s like… but I won’t.  I’ll let you experience it for yourself.”  Before Lyght could answer, the girl walked three doors down and knocked, and Mikael emerged a few seconds later, wearing a crisp light gold shirt under his Legion cloak.  Nodding to his friend, Lyght waited for Mikael and Lyaness as they walked over to join him at the stairs.  Mikael motioned with his hand out, looking at the girl with her hood up, “Lead the way.”
They walked down the numerous flights of stairs to the landing of the hotel, then out the double doors into the darkening city.  It still bustled with activity, even at this hour.  As they headed down the street, merchants called out from their booths, people milled about talking in the cobblestone streets, and groups of friends, families, and couples headed up and down through the crowds under the bright white streetlights.  
Lyght supposed his shouldn’t have been surprised; after all, it was a Friday night, and a non-Dark night.  He guessed people would be out late across the city.  He had to admit, he felt a little self-conscious seeing some of the natives dressed in their Friday finery, heading out to dinner with friends or dates.  Being from a small tropical town himself, Lyght didn’t feel he had much of the same fashion instincts as those who grew up in this mega-city.  He frequently saw men wearing rich watches, expensive suits, and other luxuries.  Lyght clearly stood out as different in his more warrior-like garb, he noticed.  
Not only that, people clearly thought he and Mikael were Legion members, and it showed.  A few people even bowed as they passed.  Lyght was a little uncomfortable at this, but Mikael seemed to be soaking up all the attention, smiling at everyone and even giving them his name.  It slowed them down a little bit, to be honest, but they reached the sparkling diamond tower of Triumph just before the eight o’clock start time.
Lyght looked up at the tower, sparkling with the fiery reflection of the lights of the great city, all the way up to the tip, which was still mysteriously clouded by what looked weirdly like Dark… though Lyght couldn’t see exactly why that would be.  He and Mikael followed Lyaness through the massive entranceway – the guards waving them on in – and into the expansive, luxurious atrium.  Despite the intricately carved dark steel walls and ceilings, the base floor was still bathed in warm light and populated with a good amount of people milling around, mostly government bureaucrats in suits.  It surprised Lyght a little to see them working so late on a Friday, but he guessed the business of running the Dreamscape never stopped.
In here, they weren’t as openly in awe of Lyght and Mikael as the people had been outside – he guessed they knew a real Legend when they saw one, working here – but they still nodded in respect as the trio headed towards the lift and hit one of the top buttons, level ninety-five.  It took them awhile to get up, with all the government workers getting off at various levels, but finally they reached the highest floor they could get to and stepped off.  There was a heavily armed group of six guards posted in front of a heavy dark steel door, led by a Legend.  The Legend motioned them over, and a pair of guards undid the latch with a grunt, slowly pulling the door open.  
As they worked, Lyght looked out in wonder at the great capital city sprawling beneath them.  The floor-to-ceiling diamond wall was completely see-through, and Lyght could see people even from this height bustling around on the streets far below.  Looking out, he could see even the tallest towers in the Heart of the city below, and could see all the way out to the Belt – and the country beyond.  The fiery lights of the city and the dark steel buildings faded out to a low field of yellows and oranges in the Belt, and finally to an even navy field out in the country.  Lyght had definitely never seen a sight like this, and as he looked out with Mikael across the capital city of Glory, he felt – truly for the first time – that they had really made it.  Coming from a small tropical town, all the way here, and now on top of the tallest tower in the world, about to meet the King of the Dreamscape himself.  As Lyght looked over at Mikael, he could easily read the look in his friend’s eyes.  He could tell they were both thinking the same thing.  In fact, they both spoke at about the same time.
“That’s so cool.” 
Surprised a bit at the timing, the pair shared a laugh as they stood in the King’s tower above the great capital city.  Lyaness rolled her eyes and motioned for them to follow, a wide stone staircase now revealed behind the dark steel door.  “C’mon”, she said, and Lyght followed, a getting little tense now with anticipation.  The trio only climbed a couple flights of stairs before exiting at the very next door – a rich mahogany one with gold inlays – and pushing through to a red-carpeted hallway.  Heading down the hallway, they emerged after a couple turns in front of a pair of deep blue double doors, emblazoned on one side with the slanted L, and on the other side with the Royal Seal of the King.  A pair of servants waiting outside nodded to the trio, checked them on the list, and then opened the doors to let them in.  As the door’s shut behind them, Lyght felt his stomach turn over nervously as he took in the scene. 
A scattering of richly-dressed and clearly powerful men and women stood around the room in small groups, holding drinks and talking to each other around three mahogany tables that took up a good portion of the room.  Lyght saw Legends in their capes all around; apparently the most senior advisers of the King, the leaders of the Legion.  People that Lyght had always aspired to be like.  
Though it was hard to take his eyes off the Legends, Lyght also noticed people in robes of white and various shades of red – with most being a deep crimson, some even almost black.  Though he didn’t know for sure, Lyght figured by process of deduction that these had to be the Senate members.  Appointed by the King, these were the representatives of the people in the Dreamscape.  Some, in fact, were retired or inactive Legends.  Others were not.  It had always confused Lyght a little that the King appointed them, yet they were supposed to represent the people.  What made them listen to the people, anyway?  Lyght knew that nobody where he came from ever thought about their senator; in fact, he couldn’t even recall the name of theirs at the moment.  Regardless, they were officially in charge of the government, while the Legion was in charge of the military and pursuing their own mission – though not many seemed to know what that could be.  The King sat over both of them, though both advised him on matters relating to their expertise.
Speaking of the King…
Lyght was looking for him, but couldn’t find him.  He frowned; in such a small room, shouldn’t he be able to see the man?  He thought the King would clearly stand out.  Maybe he hadn’t arrived yet?  Lyght checked his watch, it was a little past eight.  Maybe he was coming later?  Lyght turned to ask Mikael, but was taken aback to see him in conversation with Lyaness.  So she was staying for the dinner after all.  Or maybe she would just be in the room, as the King’s messenger?  He didn’t know.
Lyght did, however, see a tall man in black emerge from a circle of guests near the head of the table and raise his drink.  He didn’t speak, yet the crowd quieted down in seconds as they saw him up front.  Lyght recognized him with a jolt; it was the guard who had led them from the Belt to their hotel on the first day.  Dressed in black just as he was that day, the man had on a flowing white cape to match this time, and a similarly adorned white sheath at his belt, holding his sword.  He undid the belt and looped it around the back of the chair he stood behind at the head of the table, and spread his arms out.  “Alright, everybody.  Sit down, and we can get this under way.”  
Lyght frowned.  Who was this guy to be giving orders?  And why was he here anyway, at such an elite gathering?  The assorted dinner guests went to their places anyway, and Lyaness guided Lyght and Mikael to seats on opposite sides of the mysterious guard.  She turned away as they reached their spots, saying, “I’ll be in the room, but I’m not eating with you guys.  I’m to lead you back afterwards.”  Lyght nodded as she walked away, but turned when he felt a hand on his shoulder.
He looked into the stormy gray eyes of the tall man he’d seen once before, upon his arrival to the city.  The guard.  The man smiled and reached his hand out, and Lyght shook it tentatively, looking up into his oddly familiar face.
“Decimader Vuruman, nice to meet you.”
Lyght couldn’t help it, his jaw dropped as he looked at the King of the Dreamscape, everything finally clicking into place.  He had escorted them into the city the first day… he must have been interested in them all along!  Lyght was having trouble wrapping his head around it.  All he could get out, however, was, “Yeah.  I’m Lyght.  Nice to meet you too.”  That appeared to be enough for the King, however.  After he turned and shook Mikael’s hand, who was looking similarly shocked, the most powerful man in the Dreamscape spread his arms out and said in a commanding voice.
“Alright!  Bring the food in, and let’s get this show on the road.”


Chapter Thirty-Two
The food was delicious – the music and the atmosphere were nearly as good – but Lyght couldn’t take his eyes off the man sitting next to him.
In all his life, Lyght had never anticipated in the slightest meeting Decimader Vuruman, King of the Dreamscape, colloquially known as “The Hero” for his feats in rising above the chaos to build and maintain the massive, diverse society they lived in.  The man was as much a myth as anything else; in fact, Lyght had heard more than one person in Kona claim that Decimader wasn’t even real, or that he had died centuries ago and it had been covered up.  That second one would’ve been hard to disprove, but Lyght had no doubt that this man was absolutely who he claimed to be.  Lyght couldn’t understand how he hadn’t recognized him from the start. 
He spoke with a commanding, yet kind air, and gave off a general sense of charisma.  When he spoke, people listened.  And it wasn’t just because of his station, either, although that was obviously part of it.  It was also the fact that he just seemed like such a good guy.  As Lyght sat there and watched a senator engage the King in conversation about the oncoming winter and other small talk, Lyght tried to pin down what it was that made the King so inviting to speak to.  It had to be in part his listening skills; he listened attentively to whatever was being said, even if it was of little to no importance to him personally.  When he spoke himself, it was in a quiet, but assured voice.  It was the voice of a King, to be sure, but also mixed with the voice of an adviser, contemporary, and even friend.  From what Lyght was seeing, anyway, the King seemed to be a pretty likeable guy.
He didn’t exactly look like what Lyght had expected either; although Lyght really wasn’t sure exactly what he’d expected the King’s appearance to be.  He was tall, about Mikael’s height, with jet black hair shot through with bursts of silver.  He had a weird color of stormy gray eyes that Lyght had never seen before, and a young-looking face.  In fact, if Lyght had to pin an age on him, he would guess the man to be in his mid-thirties.  Of course that couldn’t really be the case, as he was reputed to have reigned for centuries, ever since the founding of the Dreamscape itself.  After all, he was the man who had created it.  
That was weird… how could he have lived such a ridiculously long life?  Was he even human?  Lyght burned to know more about him, but he didn’t want to interrupt the conversation.
It didn’t matter, however, as the senator the King was speaking to turned to speak to a Legend beside him, leaving the King free, cutting into his steak at the head of the table.  Lyght opened his mouth, unsure of what to say, but the King preempted him, speaking to both Lyght and Mikael, “So… pardon me for asking first, but tell me a little about yourselves.”  
Lyght shared a glance with his friend and of course, Mikael took the initiative and answered first, “Well, we’re from the village of Kona in the Hope domain, but you already know about that.”  
Mikael paused; obviously highly aware of who he was speaking to.  To Lyght, it seemed that so much of what was important about them; their mission to destroy the Dark, their pasts, and their motivations were somewhat taboo to talk about.  Lyght wasn’t sure how the King would react if Mikael told him these things, so he was pleased to see that Mikael took the evasive route for once.  “I mean, our lives have been pretty simple up until our invitation to come to the Legion Academy.  We’re Dreamcasters, obviously, but other than that, what do you want to know?”
The King chuckled a bit and shook his head, “I don’t know, to be honest.  Pardon me for bringing this up, but you should know; the Legion keeps track of all Dreamcasters.  We know when they discover their powers, where they’re living, and general details about them.  We don’t spy on them of course, that’s not necessary, but suffice it to say that I already know significant details about both of your pasts as nomads, both of you living and traveling with your fathers.  I’m also aware – and please know you have my condolences – that both of you lost your fathers at an unfortunately young age.”  Lyght nodded and looked down, a bit surprised that the King knew so much about him.  He felt the King’s hand on his shoulder, and he looked up.
Decimader Vuruman smiled at him, “Sorry for bringing it up, but what I mean to say is that I’m very impressed with what you guys have been able to handle so far in your young lives.  It’s something that a guy like me, old as I am, doesn’t always see.”  
Lyght, shocked a little bit at the complement, tried to think of what to say, but the King kept talking.  Going back to cutting his steak again, the King took a bite and swallowed it, saying, “Good enough, I guess.”  He looked up at Lyght and Mikael, a small grin on his face, “You know, I have to hold these damn things every month.  Politicking with these senators and Legion members gets really annoying at times, but they’d get really mad if they didn’t think I was listening to them, so…”  He laughed, and Mikael along with him.  Even Lyght laughed a little, but something was bothering him.  Something from their invitation letter he wanted to ask about.
“Hey, um…”, Lyght began, but the King waved a hand, “Call me Decimader, that’s fine.”  Lyght nodded, “Decimader – you mentioned in the dinner invitation you sent that Mikael and I are the first Dreamcasters to ever come to the Legion Academy from the Hope domain.  I think I remember Lyn saying the same thing on the trip here.  My question is… why?  It seems like a ridiculous coincidence to me that in the thousand-plus year history of the Dreamscape, there has never been a single person to even make it to the Academy from the Hope region, let alone to make it into the actual Legion.  Is there any explanation for this you know of?  And if this true, then why us?”
Decimader nodded, confirming what Lyght had said, “Good question.”  The King of the Dreamscape scanned up and down the three tables, frowning, and then nodded to himself.  “Yeah, like I thought.  Remember how I said the First Legend would be at this dinner?  Well, he usually is, so I guess I expected him to be here.  I’d hoped to introduce you guys to him; he usually loves to meet the class leaders and other rising young talent.  Anyway”, the King shrugged, putting his hands behind his head and leaning back, “this would normally be a question I’d let him answer, since he’s the hands-on guy in control of the Legion, but I suppose my answer will have to suffice.”
The King looked around the room, then leaned in and began to speak in a somewhat quieter voice.  Lyght couldn’t help it; he leaned in a little bit too.  “I know it seems like too big of a thing to be a coincidence, and I agree with you”, the King said.  “Although I know some details about all the Dreamcasters in the land, as I said, I don’t make the decisions of which ones to invite to the Legion Academy and when; the First Legion and his staff do that.  Well, Lyn is actually one of the members of that council, and he’s one of my senior advisers.  And although you haven’t asked, I’m sure you’re also wondering why one of the most senior Legends in the Legion came to your village personally to announce your invitation to the Academy; as well as escorting you all the way here.  You may have deduced that this is not the traditional way we do it.”  Lyght and Mikael exchanged a glance, and nodded.
“Well”, the King continued, “you’re right.  And the rationale for having Lyn escort you here is actually tied hand-in-hand with what I believe to be the reason you two are the first two Dreamcasters to come out of the Hope domain.”
The King paused for a second, looking around the room, as if to make sure no one was eavesdropping, and then locked his gaze back on to Lyght and Mikael, continuing, “This may sound odd to you, but in the centuries and centuries that I’ve ruled here, it had never crossed my mind that there had never been any Dreamcasters from Hope join the Legion.  Until a couple years ago, actually, I somehow never realized that no one from your domain had ever made it into the group of the most elite warriors in the land.  The Legion – the elite group of Dreamcasters who work with me on a mission that has been central to the survival of this land for centuries.  Obviously, as you might expect, I can’t tell you what that is now, but if and when you are inducted into the Legion, they’ll tell you that.”  Mikael smiled, “Good.  It’s just a matter of time then.”  Decimader laughed, “Confidence.  I like it.  Anyway…”
“Well, I can’t think of any subtle way to say this, but I’ll do my best.  Just know that this is confidential information, and you can’t tell anybody, including any of your friends in the Academy, or even the other class leaders.  Lyn knows about it, but it specifically pertains to you guys, so you could say that this is one of the main reasons I wanted to meet with you tonight; to tell you this.”  Lyght was bursting with anticipation at this, in a little bit of disbelief that the King was actually saying this stuff to him, but he focused in anyway as the King dropped his voice again and leaned in.
“So, like I said, I’d never realized that in all the centuries I’d ruled, there had been no Dreamcasters whatsoever to emerge from the Hope domain.  Well, I finally did notice, but not in the way you would’ve thought.  It happened a few years back, when a strange inscription was found on a wall deep in the mining caves of the Pride domain.  Now, normally this wouldn’t have caught my attention, but I happened to come across the phenomenon in my annual review of business reports.  One of the unfortunate tasks I have to do every year, being King and all that.”
“Well anyway,  it turned out no one could decipher the strange inscription; and to be honest, I have to admit I was rather bored at the time and lacking anything to do, so I went to check it out.  And as it turned out, I was the only one able to understand it, because the inscription was written in a language that only I know – one that predates the Dreamscape itself.  Now, it’s impossible that anyone here in the Dreamscape wrote that, for they wouldn’t know the language, nor would they understand the background behind the content spoken of in the inscription.”
The King looked back and forth at them, laughing a little, “Confused?  Well, long story short, the inscription basically was, for lack of a better word, a prediction.  Or better yet, a promise.  It spoke of two Dreamcasters from the domain of Hope – and yes, this was when I first thought about the fact that there’d never been one – who would rise up to defeat what I can only describe as a great enemy of the Dreamscape.  One that I have been preparing to fight for the entirety of my reign, but have been unable to find.  Until now.”
“Because if this promise is real – and I have information that says it is – what this means is that by virtue of the fact that you are both very talented Dreamcasters from Hope, the first in history, you two must be the ones to help me fight this enemy that I’ve been so long in trying to find and defeat.  Since you two are here, what I know by process of deduction is that the enemy is now surely out there somewhere, and we need to get down to business on how to take him out as fast as possible.”
Lyght just sat there, confused and excited at the same time.  The King wanted them for a vital mission, a real purpose that would protect the Dreamscape!  Maybe… maybe the enemy was the Dark?  Lyght couldn’t be sure, and he wasn’t sure how to ask, but the King leaned back and spoke again.
“So, what this means for you guys is that you have to keep working to make it into the Legion.  Sorry, but we can’t offer free passes just because we think you have potential to do something great, based off such mysterious circumstances as we have here.”  Lyght and Mikael both nodded.  
Looking pleased, the King continued, “But while you’re working on that, I would like you two to meet with me again here in the tower of Triumph – my messenger will come tell you again when it is time to meet – so I can work with you personally on what I just mentioned.  Tonight, I was just trying to find out more about you.  And I’m not lying when I say – despite the fact I don’t know either of you all that well yet – that I’m impressed with what I see.  You may very well be the ones promised to meet this challenge.”
Lyght and Mikael looked at each other, smiling.  That was one thing they liked, a good challenge.
Decimader Vuruman stood up, as the dinner was drawing to an end.  As Lyght and Mikael stood up with him, the King laughed to himself about something.  Lyght looked at the man questioningly, but he shook his head.
“Ahhh, what I’d give to be young again.  Destiny… that’s not something that everyone controls.  You guys control not only your own, but to an extent everyone else’s.  Don’t waste that chance.”
Lyght and Mikael shared a glance, and Lyght looked back into the King’s stormy gray eyes with determination.
“We won’t.”
End of Part III


Chapter Thirty-Three
The birds sang in the maples and oaks that circled the crest of the small hill as reddish, fallen leaves swirled across the ground in the brisk late-autumn wind.  Lyght stood with his arms crossed, back against an oak as he looked out at the warming horizon.  Morning was coming soon, and although it was slightly overcast, there should still be a fairly good sunrise.  Too bad he probably wouldn’t be able to hang around to watch it for long.  Pushing off of the tree, Lyght stretched and yawned, looking around the clearing and down the slopes of the small hill.  Nothing.  He frowned. 
He was supposed to be meeting Lyn here this morning for his “evaluation”.  Last week, the Legend had mentioned to him after class that he was due for a mid-program evaluation, to be done in a one-on-one setting with Lyn himself.  However, Lyn hadn’t gone into specific detail about what was supposed to go on during this evaluation.  All Lyght knew was that he’d been told by Lyn earlier this week that his evaluation would be on Thursday morning, and to be at this location at 7:00 AM.  Well, Lyght was here now – he’d even been a little early – but it was more than a few minutes after seven now, meaning Lyn was late.
That was odd in itself; it was not like Lyn to be late to anything.  In fact, he was always the one always getting on everyone’s cases when they were late for class or training, which were often held early in the morning.  Lyght would’ve thought that maybe he’d gotten the wrong location, gone up the wrong hill maybe, but he’d double checked that.  No, it seemed like there was nothing to do but sit here and wait until…
A shadow slid over Lyght from above, and he suddenly looked up in alarm.
Against the cloudy sky, a massive object plummeted right toward him.  Without time to think or determine what it was, Lyght hit the ground and rolled away, landing in a crouch and grabbing the hilt of his sword from over his shoulder.  Lyght had slid the weapon a few inches out of its sheath when it hit with a thud, and he closed his eyes, sighing with exasperation.  Lyn.
The Legend, usually stern and in-command while in lessons, had adopted the more laid-back demeanor that Lyght had seen previously, wearing a hooded sweatshirt and sweatpants.  Lyght couldn’t be so sure, because he hadn’t been able to speak to the man very much outside of lessons, but Lyn sure had been acting casually recently.  In fact, Lyght got the weird feeling like he was with Mikael as the Legend laughed at Lyght’s initial overreaction and whipped his own giant dark blue sword out in a blur, sending it flying into a maple just beside Lyght’s head, as Lyght hit the ground in shock.  Grimacing and wiping the leaves off him, Lyght jumped up and glowered at his teacher, unsure for a moment of what to say.
Lyn just laughed, “Very good.  You always were good at keeping your composure.”  Lyght paused, still at a loss for words.  Composure?  The giant of a man in his deep blue armor took a few steps towards Lyght, putting his arms out, “You know, most people would probably have attacked me back, or at least yelled at me.  Showing the presence of mind to not only dodge my initial attack, but to remain relatively calm in the wake of my second, indicates to me that you know how to stay composed in unfamiliar situations.  Allow me to say – this is a crucial quality to have when it comes to leadership.”
Lyght couldn’t help but smiling a bit, feeling like he understood now, “So it was part of the evaluation process?  To see how I reacted to an attack.”  Lyn shrugged, “Well, yes and no.  I guess you could say that, but really I like testing my students all the time.  It’s one of my jobs as a teacher, you see, as well as something I guess I just enjoy doing.  I love seeing how you young people react to stressful situations.  I find that I never fail to learn anything from analyzing the different individual ways of problem-solving that each one of you have.  That, and”, Lyn paused here, smiling, “I just thought it would be kind of fun.”  
Lyght shook his head at this.  This really was like dealing with Mikael.  Who was this guy, anyway, who could come off as powerful, quiet, commanding, and playful at different moments?  Lyght felt he had trouble pinning him down, figuring out who he was and what he stood for.  It kind of bothered him that he couldn’t figure it out.
Lyn took a deep breath of the brisk autumn air and arched his back, stretching.  The sun was just beginning to rise over the ridge on the horizon, casting soft shades of yellow and orange upon the cloudy sky and the mists swirling in the depressions and gulleys beneath the rolling hills in the south of Zone Zero.  It was quite a beautiful sight to look upon – Lyght wished he could be out here for the sunrise more often, but it was much too early for his taste.  He never had been a morning person.
Lyn looked over his shoulder at his student, an apologetic look on his face, “Hey, I’m sorry for being late this morning.  I forgot we were having this, to be honest.  Luckily, I prepared beforehand.”
Lyght waited for him to go on, but that’s all he said, so Lyght walked over to stand by his teacher as he looked out at the sunrise.  Something was bothering Lyght, so he asked, “Lyn?  How did you get into the air above me without me hearing you?  You had to have used some Dreamcasting trick, but I don’t see it.”
Lyn laughed a little, “Want a little training this early, then?  During your evaluation session?”  Lyght shook his head, “No, I –”, but Lyn waved a hand.  “No, don’t worry about it, I’m kidding.  Well, this is kind of above your level right now, but what I did was supercondense the moisture particles in the air – and this was easier with all the mist – to form a sort of cloud that could support my weight.  Clouds move very quickly in the wind, so I also directed my Dreamcasting power to create wind that would spur the cloud onward from the city to the Zone, making it here in about five minutes.  So yes, I did only remember about this meeting at the time it was supposed to start.  But nevertheless, I’m here now, so let’s get started.”  Lyght nodded, wondering what was going to happen next.
“So”, Lyn began, “the way this works may not be what you expect.  It’s a lot more laid back and casual than maybe you believed coming into it.  Essentially, this is a question and answer session where I get to know you a bit better, see how you respond to various situations, and evaluate what you’ve learned so far and how far you’ve come.   Make sense?”  Lyght nodded.  
“OK”, Lyn said.  “So, I’ll start off with an important question; what is your primary motivation?  Simple question, but vague, I know.  You can really say anything you want, as long as it’s real and genuine; and believe me, I’ll know if it’s not.  What is your motivation for joining the Legion Academy, and trying to become a member of the Legion?” 
Lyght took a deep breath before answering.  Heavy question. 
“Hmmm…”, Lyght began, still looking out toward the horizon, “I wouldn’t be lying to say that originally, I didn’t really know the answer to that myself.  Or, at least, I couldn’t rationally explain it.  It was more of an emotional thing.  It –”, Lyght paused, “Well, it may make most sense in the context of how I grew up.  You may or may not know, but my father and I were nomads when I was a kid.  My mother had died when I was very young, so it was just my dad and me roaming around the Dreamscape.”  Lyn nodded, listening intently.
Lyght, feeling a bit awkward, continued on nevertheless, “Well, what he was looking for was the Legion.  See, we didn’t know much about who the Legion were at that time, or where they were located.  Nobody did.”  Lyn nodded, “You have to be personally invited by the King.”  “Right”, Lyght responded, “but we didn’t know that back then.  So we searched for them, the whole first eight years of my life.  That was my dad’s dream you see – to join the Legion.  He was a Dreamcaster, obviously, and well…”  
Lyght wasn’t sure how to continue.  The reason his dad had wanted to join the Legion was because he believed – as did many throughout the Dreamscape – that the sacred mission of the Legion, the one they kept so secret, was to destroy the Dark once and for all.  Well, Lyn had said to Mikael back on the second time they’d met that this what not actually the case.  Lyght didn’t want to talk about his dad’s – and later his – plans to destroy the Dark, because he wasn’t entirely sure that was something that he should be talking about.  Especially to someone so senior in the Dreamscape.  No one ever asked questions about the Dark, and Lyght didn’t really want to be the first one to start.  
Nevertheless, Lyn urged him on, “Go on.”  Lyght sighed and looked out at the rising sun, making a decision.  He felt he could trust his teacher; he didn’t need to worry about telling him sensitive information… or so he hoped.  Lyght took a deep breath and said, “OK well, this is weird, I know, but bear with me.  Remember how me and Mikael were originally under the impression that the mission of the Legion is to defeat and destroy the Dark?”  Lyn seemed to perk up a little at this, nodding.  “Well, you may not know it, but in a lot of the smaller towns and rural areas in the Dreamscape, this kind of thinking is common.”  Lyn frowned, looking very interested, “Really?  I wasn’t aware of that.”  Lyght nodded, “Yeah, It’s what drove my dad to want to join the Legion.  He wanted to destroy the Dark.”
Lyght took a deep breath.  He had never told anyone this before, except for Mikael.  “Look, the reason my dad wanted to destroy the Dark, a seemingly impossible task, was because the Dark was responsible for my mother’s death.  Whatever happened traumatized him until his death; he never told me the exact details.  All I know is that days after I was born, my mother died in some kind of tragic circumstance.  Like I said, he never did tell me what happened, but…”  He trailed off, and Lyn put a hand on his shoulder.  He didn’t say anything, but Lyght appreciated the gesture all the same.  Lyght nodded appreciatively, collecting himself, and continued.
“So, essentially that is my motivation.  Or it was, originally.  I always dreamed from a young age of joining the Legion, just as my father wanted to, and destroying the Dark once and for all.  That was my primary goal in life ever since my father was killed in a random attack by some bandits – and I still don’t understand that as much as I want to, although I have my suspicions.”  
Lyght looked off at the sunset, thinking back, “However, as I grew older, I guess I drifted apart from that dream somewhat.  Mikael and I, as Dreamcasters, experienced the Dark firsthand as we were growing up in Kona, and were motivated to find out more about it.  I mean, it forces everyone but Dreamcasters to simultaneously fall asleep at a certain time.  It’s kind of hard to explain, but Mikael and I figured there had to be something wrong with it all.  So we formed a plan that once we turned eighteen, we would track down the source of the Dark, whatever and wherever that was, and try to destroy it ourselves with our powers.  But before we could start that mission, you showed up at our village initiation ceremony, and the rest is history, I guess.” 
Lyn stood there in silence for a few moments, thinking.  He sighed, running a hand through his mane of long dirty-blond hair, “Well, I must say I admire your commitment and courage.  From one Legend to an aspiring one, that’s very impressive.  It’s the type of stuff that most Legends are made of.”  Lyght glowed inside at the complement.  
Lyn continued, “Although I must admit, your original plan, to destroy the Dark, what happened to that?  I mean, you chose to come join the Legion, didn’t you, despite the fact I told you that’s not our purpose?  Why?”
Lyght shook his head, “To be honest, I don’t think I can explain that one logically either.  It just… felt right for me at the time.  I guess our plan to destroy the Dark was really vague.  And…”  Lyght paused, significantly hesitant about saying this.  But he’d already revealed enough to Lyn, so Lyght figured he might as well trust him all the way.  “Well, I guess I wouldn’t pass up a chance to destroy the Dark, but I just don’t know how.  I guess I’m thinking that the powers and training I receive through the Academy and hopefully from joining he Legion might give me the tools I need to ultimately complete the task one day.  I just don’t know, I really – ”.  Before he could finish however, Lyn interrupted him, putting a heavy hand on Lyght’s shoulder, and looking down into his student’s face.
“What if I told you”, Lyn looked up to the sky, and back down again, “that there was a way to destroy the Dark, and there is a highly secretive organization in the Dreamscape working to bring it to its knees?”  Lyght looked in disbelief at the Legend towering over him.
What is he talking about?
Lyn turned all of a sudden and walked to the opposite edge of the hillside, “Well, that’s it.  I feel like I’ve learned enough about you from that one question.  Funny how that can sometimes work, isn’t it?  It was a good talk, Lyght, I really enjoyed it.  And believe me, we’ll speak again.  Until then, think about this.  You may have heard the name.”  
The Legend pulled a piece of paper and a pen out of his pocket, and scrawled something on it quickly with a pen.  Throwing it up into the air and pushing on it slightly with Dreamcasting, the Legend started down the hill towards the base and waved.  “See you in class, Lyght.  Think about that until we speak next.”
Lyght, frowning, darted forward and caught the paper in midair.  Unfolding it, he set eyes on two words that he hated.  The name of a certain organization that he was near certain had been responsible for hunting down and killing his father.  And now, after all these years, the name had followed him all the way here, scrawled on a little piece of paper by a real Legend.
Dream Syndicate.


Chapter Thirty-Four
A brutal scream pierced the night as Seth felt his hand come down like a thunderbolt, burying a wickedly-curved bright silver dagger up to the hilt in the eye of his victim.  Vision blurred a deep, foggy red, Seth felt his body pick the man up and slam him mercilessly back down to the floor, bones crunching and breaking with a sickening sound.  As a finishing move, Seth watched… and felt… as he crouched down, spun on his heel, and drove his elbow into the man’s sternum with the force of a rampaging bull.  The man coughed up blood explosively as his chest cavity caved in.  A look of fear… real fear, arose in his eyes as the seconds oozed by.  
One…. Two…. Three…
Silence.  
After a few long, silent moments, Seth felt his eyes – vision pulsing now with red needles – lock intently on the man’s face, now deadly still and silent.  Seth felt his heart sink right through the dusty floor he knelt on as he looked into the man’s face, suddenly terribly familiar…
Seth let out of scream of his own as he jumped up, aghast, tumbling out of the bed where he’d lain and onto the floor, reaching up for the knife beneath his pillow and snapping it up in front of his face – only to find no enemy to fight.  Breathing hard, Seth’s arm trembled for a moment before he struck out viciously to the side, frustrated.  The curved knife slammed into the wall with a prodigious force, shaking the structure of the building.  Panting hard, down on his knees upon the cold wooden floor of his room in the capital city, Seth just felt like giving in.
But he couldn’t.
Stumbling to his feet and brushing away the tears of frustration from his memory… or dream… Seth crossed the room shakily and flicked the light on, squeezing his eyes shut against the sudden brightness.  Pulling on a shirt, he crossed the room and opened the curtains – it was still nighttime.  He’d just have to make do with that.  There was no question of going back to sleep, not when it had almost just made him snap.  And he hadn’t done that in over five years, not since…
Seth shook his head violently.  Couldn’t think about that now.  
No, I just have to walk over to the bed… good… and reach underneath for that pack.  There.  
He pulled it out and slung it over his back, turning to walk out of the room without a second glance, kicking the door shut behind him with perhaps more force than was necessary.  He descended the steps at speed, banged open the back door of the hotel, and took off running. 
It was a Dark night – Seth guessed about 5 AM judging by the visibility – so he wasn’t likely to run into anyone, save for possibly the occasional Legend here or there.  That is, he would have seen them if he walked the city streets.  He had no intention of doing that, however.
Closing his eyes and bringing his right hand in a fist to his sternum, Seth tried to clear his head with a deep breath.  It partially worked.  He snapped his eyes open determinedly, and jumped.
If anyone had been watching from ground level, they would’ve had the impression of a sudden blur, but that would be all.  When Seth used his true power – which was very sparingly anymore – there was not an eye in the world that could see him, an enemy in the world who could hurt him, or an obstacle in the world who could block him.  
So Seth jumped with all his might, fiery orange and yellow lights burning a trail in his vision against a background of deepest blue and black.  Within the span of a short few seconds, he landed in a crouch on top of the twisting black spire that crowned the Tower of Justice, one of the tallest buildings in Glory.  Seth, still a bit shaken, jumped down to the sloping rooftop, walking to the edge and looking down at the city immediately below – seeing much of the view obscured by Dark.  Seth could only see about a block or two even from up here.  He could make out fuzzy lights from the buildings farther away, but that was all.  And even that was because it was so late in the night.  Seth stood on the lip of the building for a minute, toes over the edge, relaxed – wind blowing his through hair and swirling all around him.  It felt good to just stand here, alone, atop the world. 
But he couldn’t do that for long.  Or he’d…
Pulling the straps of his pack tighter around his chest, Seth held his breath and stepped off the building.
After a hundred feet in free fall, smiling at the feeling, Seth brought his hand to his sternum again, then kicked off the tower as hard as he could, sending himself flying forward like a missile, vision spinning with blues and yellows.  He landed on another, shorter building, and kept up his run, flying off of that one in the same manner.  In this way, Seth used his power more than he had in years, spinning and flipping off of dark steel buildings in the soaring capital city.  While the city was still silent at this hour, the wind was alive and yelling in Seth’s ears as he jumped and fell in a zig-zag pattern across the city in a matter of minutes, finally landing on the top of the gate that separated the Belt from the Heart of the great city.  Jumping off of that and landing on the dusty street below, Seth took off running into the night, not looking back.
As Seth tore along so fast that he knew he’d be virtually invisible, he kept his eyes locked forward and his focus ahead.  He left the Belt behind in minutes – though while it was at a pretty narrow point here in the northwest of the city, it still would’ve taken well over an hour to cross while walking.  Seth blazed through it in no more than five minutes, although he did struggle with the curving, twisted streets in the Belt.  He’d be much faster out in the country, he knew.
And that he was.  As he left the Belt behind, he could just make out a purple smudge on the horizon.  His destination, Mount Victorious – an odd lone-standing mountain in the rolling plains of the Pride domain.  A volcano, actually.  Seth knew of the place, though he’d never been there.  He hadn’t even been entirely conscious of heading for it, but he just felt a burning need inside to get away, whatever it took.  At the same time, something was pulling him back… something he knew he needed to ignore; something that hadn’t sank its claws into him for awhile, thankfully.  But now it was back, and he had to admit he’d forgotten what it felt like.  How much he hated it.  
That primal instinct telling him to kill everything, and fast.  
It’s what he ran from now.  But as much as he hated to admit it, Seth knew he couldn’t outrun himself.
As Seth’s heels tore up the dusty path beneath him at an unreal pace, he evened his breathing and began to reflect; or he tried anyway.  What had happened?  What had he just experienced?  It had been a very vivid, very real memory that he’d experienced while asleep.  So it couldn’t have been a dream, could it?  Dreamcasters weren’t supposed to be able to have dreams… but then again, he felt like he didn’t know what was possible or impossible any more.  
Seth sighed, remembering; he hadn’t been in control of his body during the memory, dream, or whatever – but he had been inside his body.  As if that made any sense.  And what he’d experienced was an almost dead-on recollection, as far as he could tell, of an actual event that had happened in his life.  The worst one, actually. 
Seth tried not to dwell on it too much, but he really couldn’t help it now.  The memories came flooding back in of their own accord, swirling around him and suffocating him.  Seth recalled he and his brother growing up with their parents in a small, one-room log cabin in the bitterly cold, snow-laden northern reaches of the Fear domain; the domain where lawlessness and chaos ruled… as he would live to find out.  He remembered waking up to screams one morning, his parents dead on the floor, bandits emptying their food cupboards and running… escaping off into the cold winter night.  
Seth had been in charge of his little brother’s survival from then on; despite the fact Seth had been eleven at the time and his brother eight.  They’d roamed the Fear domain, barely surviving the depths of several winters, hiding from roaming bands of thieves and avoiding all human contact, for there had been no major cities or towns in the Fear domain back then – just chaos and bloodshed.  Seth wondered how much it had changed; he hadn’t been there, for the most part, until he’d left at the age of fourteen.
As Seth pounded through the foothills of Mount Victorious, he painfully remembered his brother’s building frustration at their situation; how he’d run away one night while Seth had been sleeping, and Seth’s fruitless attempts to find him amidst the blizzard conditions that had lasted for a month that year.  How, after admitting he’d lost him, Seth had left the Fear domain for what thought was for the last time, risking his life to sneak past the Great Gate at night. 
The massive gated wall, which blocked anyone from going in or out of the domain, was guarded by the men of the warlord who dominated the domain.  Vaer.  The ruthless bandit king had controlled the domain for decades, but his grip had always been shaky as other factions fought him for power.  Seth never knew who was responsible for his parents’ killing, but he’d liked to believe back then it was Vaer.  Not only that, but he was sure Vaer’s people had captured his brother; after all, he’d never found him.  He liked to think this anyway – it had given him something to hate, and justified his actions following. 
After wandering aimlessly for over a month in the Hate domain, he’d crossed over into the Sorrow domain without much direction.  It was there he’d met a solitary old man on the road, who’d noticed his condition and offered him a home and hot meals, with one condition; that he would live the lifestyle of his master, the old man.  Seth had agreed, of course, but had been surprised to learn that this man lived in a monastery in the mountains by himself, where he considered himself a teacher.  A mentor.  A lifelong trainer… of the most dangerous and sought after people in the North.  People who made a lot of money, and never had to worry about being in danger again, that was for sure.  It turned out that this old man, Omar, had spent his whole life training people in the art of efficient killing, arts that Seth knew he could use to take revenge on his enemy, Vaer, and hopefully to find and bring back his brother.  The art of the assassin. 
Seth had reached the base of Mount Victorious by now, and having let off his speed awhile ago – which he couldn’t maintain forever – it had taken him over an hour to reach the distant volcano.  He jogged up the gently sloping path with a towering evergreen forest rising up on the slope above him.  Looking out at the horizon; Seth gauged it had to be about six something in the morning.   The sun would be rising soon.  
He kept running for a couple minutes, looking for a spot, before coming upon a perfect rocky outcrop facing east; with a good view of the channel, the distant city, and the brightening sky to the east.  Seth walked over, breathing hard from his run, finding the ideal spot.  Dropping down, Seth propped his back against an evergreen and let his legs dangle over the edge of the slope.  It was an almost near-vertical drop for hundreds of feet below, but Seth didn’t mind.  Nothing really scared him anymore, outside of himself.  And he simply had to keep himself in line… sometimes – although it hadn’t really happened it years – he just needed to get away from people.  Pulling his pack off and opening it, Seth pulled out a leather bound book and pen, with a title scrawled on the front.

Silent Snowfall.

Seth opened the book, sighing in relief, and marked the page at the bottom with a “1”, and finally started the story he’d always held in his head.
It’s funny, isn’t it?
It’s funny that someone who can’t even speak would have so much to say.  Who wants to hear it, anyway?  Who even wants to hear it…
From someone who experienced the joy and comfort of family as a young child, only to have that torn remorselessly from them?  Someone who clung to the only friend he could find, an old man, and emulated him; training as his apprentice, the embodiment of the man’s hopes to use the “silent arts” to finally make peace in the violent North?  Someone who cultivated his own natural-given Dreamcasting powers with the physical and mental weapons of the highest degree to become one of the most lethal, yet promising young people in the war-torn North?
And yet…
From someone who wasted his potential – following his mind, rather than his heart – and immediately used his newfound powers to find and take revenge on his sworn enemies.  Someone who mentally broke after the first kill he made upon infiltrating his enemies lair… once he recognized his victim’s face.  From someone who went from being the means to stop the violence and death that tore families apart…
To someone who had, in the depths of their own rage, killed the very person they were trying to save.
Their own brother.
And, in the process, killed something in himself.
Well, maybe no one does what to hear this.  Maybe… I just have to hear it from myself. 

“Seth?”
Seth snapped the book shut hurriedly and stuffed it and the pen back in the pack, tying it up and throwing it over his shoulder.  Standing, he confirmed that the voice was who he thought it was; although why should he be here?
“Fancy meeting you here”, Lyn said, laughing.  Seth nodded to him as Lyn strode up, stretching.  The sun must have come up while Seth had been writing; it had taken him longer to get that bit down than he’d anticipated.  He’d felt the need to word it right, to explain his story properly.  It would still take much more work, of course, he felt like he could use the writing whenever he felt himself getting dangerous.  Thankfully, however, Lyn didn’t ask what he’d been doing.  Not that Seth would have been able to answer anyway.  However, Lyn did expand upon the reason for his own presence out here.
“You’re probably wondering why I’m out here.  Well, I’ll admit it’s a coincidence we met here – especially since I meant to talk to you later today.  For me, I like to take Saturday morning walks out here; really helps clear my mind.  And it’s also a good spot for training.  Sometimes I need to get away from the city and the Zone and all that, so just being out here by myself feels very refreshing.  I guess you feel the same way.”  
Seth just nodded, agreeing, although Lyn obviously couldn’t know that he’d come out here to prevent himself from snapping.  It was something he hadn’t done in a long time; and was one of the defining characteristics of his previous life as Zero, the legendary assassin in the North.  In the year after accidentally killing his brother at fifteen and meeting Troy, Kiara, and Iri at sixteen, Seth would frequently just snap and kill people.  He’d been mentally broken in this way ever since that fateful night, and though he was on the mend, that bizarre vivid memory or dream had brought it all back.  He’d needed to distance himself from the city, for others’ – and his own – safety.
Lyn turned and began to stroll back to the path.  “Well, I’ll let you get back to whatever you were doing.  See you Monday.”  Seth nodded, but was surprised he was leaving this early.
Don’t be stupid, he literally can’t hold a conversation with you.
But to Seth’s surprise, the Legend stopped suddenly, wheeled around, and walked back over to stand close to Seth.  The Legend came to a stop looking over Seth’s shoulder to the eastern horizon.  His eyes swept back and forth, seemingly looking out for eavesdroppers, but that seemed unlikely to Seth all the way out here, so early on a Saturday.  Nevertheless, Lyn dropped his voice to a whisper as he spoke to Seth.   Not as his teacher, but as his comrade… in the mission they were working on together.
“I told them about the Dream Syndicate.  I’ll let you do with that what you will, but I decided to make a gamble… now it’s up to you two to help it pay off.  Lead them – subtly, slowly – but surely in the right direction.”  The Legend stepped back, putting a hand on Seth’s shoulder, and looked at his comrade.  He barely had to look down, as Seth was one of the very few who were almost on Lyn’s eye level.  He spoke now to Seth as the person he really was, not the person he was supposed to be.
“There’s good in those two, Lyght and Mikael – I know it.  I’m trusting you to help bring it out.  Don’t let them go down the wrong path.”
Seth locked eyes with his longtime friend and mentor and nodded firmly, showing in his eyes what his mouth couldn’t say.
I’ll do my best.


Chapter Thirty-Five
Lyght spun on his heel, burning the rocky ground beneath his feet as he spun away, eyes wide.  Without time to rise out of the crouching position he’d been in, he whipped his sword around into the standard blocking position he’d been taught, and braced himself.  The enemy – whoever it was – slammed into Lyght’s guard with such force that it blew him backward like leaves before a hurricane.  Lyght went spinning at least twenty feet before his back slammed into a tree, driving his breath out and blinding him momentarily with pain.  
Struggling to one knee and trying to clear his flashing vision, Lyght could just make out a massive blurry shape standing upright in front of him.  He was confused, and not just because of the pain.  What human, Dreamcaster or not, could’ve been able to knock him that far just by locking swords with him?  It seemed almost superhuman.
Lyght lurched to his feet as the figure in front of him rushed forward again, seeing that Lyght hadn’t been knocked out.  Holding his ground until the last second, Lyght spun this time – backflipping with great effort and a touch of Dreamcasting boost – and kicked off against the tree trunk behind him.  Lyght vaulted into the air over his enemy and landed behind them, using an explosion of spirit right to his arm as he struck like lightning, aiming for the kill point of the shock armor he knew his enemy would be wearing.  
The students wore this armor in these special every-man-for-himself training exercises, which essentially amounted to an open battle royale in Zone Zero.  Lyght didn’t really get the point of the tests, but he knew that they all had to wear armor with multiple “shock points” – located under the arms, at the sides, in the gut, over the sternum and the heart, in the back, in the neck, in the back of the head, and in the face – that electrified the victim with a shock that knocked them out.  The sergeants didn’t want the students killing each other in training, obviously, so they had them use this armor to ensure they could still go all out without fear of killing their classmates. 
And Lyght really was going all out here, using nearly the last of his spirit in this hours-long session to defeat whatever dangerous enemy this was.  Whoever it was, they were very physically strong, so Lyght knew he had to sneak in under their guard and knock him out – and fast.  By this very-late point in the session, there should only be a few competitors left.  It was even possible that this was the last enemy.  Lyght was finally so close to winning one of these things, which he annoyingly hadn’t yet.  Mikael had won one, and almost another, so he brought it up quite a lot.  Typical Mikael.  But it was Lyght’s turn now… or so he hoped.
Lyght’s eyes narrowed in concentration and satisfaction as he saw his enemy wasn’t reacting quickly enough to his strike.  Good.  He would hit him in the shock point right between the shoulder blades, dropping him with superior speed.  But by then, he’d only have a couple minutes of spirit left, and he’d have to hide for the duration of the event, ambushing anyone who went by.  Not exactly what the sergeants wanted, but oh well.  He’d take out his opponent here, and then…
There was a sudden blur, and his opponent moved. 
Moved so amazingly fast, in fact, that Lyght couldn’t believe what he’d just seen.  Lyght went careening wildly, thrown off balance by the sudden shift, and stumbled to the ground, blade slamming into a tree.  Cursing in frustration, Lyght jumped up as fast as he could, hand reaching to his belt to draw out his knife… only to see a blade rocketing towards him impossibly fast.  
What?!  He shouldn’t have had time to get around that fast.  That’s not even possible with Dreamcasting.  He –”
Lyght had no time to think as the blade flashed right toward the shock point right between his eyes; no time to dodge or draw his weapon.  As the blade fell, Lyght must have closed his eyes instinctually, body tensing in anticipation of a knockout shock.  
Bang.
Lyght felt a monster vibration under his helmet as the sword slammed home; a loud clang rang in his ears, like thunder inside his visor.  He felt it all, but realized, stars flying in front of his eyes, that the shock hadn’t come.  The sword had definitely hit on point, but it hadn’t knocked him out.  Lyght knew what that meant.  Lyght pulled his helmet off to dull the ringing, and closed his eyes in frustration, slumping back against the tree.
Damn… 
Lyght knew now that his enemy had been the last surviving one in the Zone.  If Lyght hadn’t been shocked, it was because the round was over, and the armor would immediately shut down for both of them.  He’d been so close to finally winning this one, and now this.  With an effort, Lyght opened his eyes and looked at his opponent standing over him, a slightly amused on his face, and had to admit he wasn’t that surprised.
Seth.
He’d dimly registered that the shape attacking him had been huge, but hadn’t had time to make deductions amidst the battle.  Had he had the presence of mind to do so, however, he surely would’ve recognized that Seth was his opponent; even under that helmet, his size was a dead giveaway.  And if Lyght had known he was fighting that physical specimen, he probably would’ve kept his distance more.  Not that it would’ve mattered.  
Lyght did have some questions for his fellow class leader on that point…
For the time being, the two stripped their armor off with some difficulty, leaving it lying there on the forest floor in Zone Zero – the sergeants could track the locations of the armor through some Dreamcasting technique that Lyght didn’t understand, and collect them when the exercise was over.  As it was, they were done for the day, and so Lyght and Seth would go home.  
Lyght felt bad about it, but found himself wishing – not for the first time – that Seth could speak.  That would make the walk home much more interesting, and he did want to ask Seth about the battle they’d just had.  If the guy had some sort of trick up his sleeve that made him way faster than he had any right to be – and it seemed that he did – Lyght wanted to be in on it as well.  Anything he could do to expand his own arsenal, he was willing to consider. 
Voicing his thoughts aloud, though not really expecting an answer, Lyght ditched the last of his own armor and turned to walk back to his quarters, Seth following, “I’m still not sure how what you just did was possible.  I mean, I know you’re probably the most naturally strong and fast student at the Academy – even more than Mikael – but you moved so fast I couldn’t even see you.  Was it some Dreamcasting trick I don’t understand? But I can’t see how that doesn’t violate the Third Law, about only facilitating pre-existing natural processes.  I just…”  Lyght shook his head, “Man, I wish I knew how to do that.”
Seth turned to look at him with those icy blue eyes of his.  After a moment, the hulking young man apparently decided something, as he reached a hand under his shirt and pulled out a sort of pendant.  Lyght examined it closely; it was an almost blinding brilliant white, and simply-designed.  From what Lyght could tell, it was basically a white circle with a slanting white star in the middle, with burning red trim around the edges.  Seth took it off carefully and handed it to Lyght, a look on his face that plainly said, Go on.  Take it.
Lyght took the pendant from Seth’s hands carefully, looking at it closely.  He wasn’t sure what this had to do with the question he’d asked Seth, but he was glad to be communicating with the guy for once.  He felt like he even knew Iri reasonably well at this point, but Seth was still largely a mystery to him.  Lyght saw Seth motion to him out of the corner of his eye, and he looked up.  Seth was motioning for Lyght to put on the pendant, it seemed.  Lyght did so, frowning, still not sure what the guy was getting at.  Nothing happened.
Seth walked behind Lyght and caught his shoulder, halting him, and adjusted the pendant’s length, shortening it so that the white star of the pendant rested against his sternum.  Stepping back, Seth pulled at the gauntlet on his left arm – unrolling paper that must’ve been folded inside – and pressed a button at his wrist, ejecting a pen that must’ve been stored inside the armor as well.  Lyght smiled at the trick – it seemed like a very good way for Seth to communicate quickly and effectively with someone.  But why had he never used it to talk to Lyght before?
Scrawling quickly on the piece of paper, Seth handed it to Lyght, who read, Run forward a few dozen feet, using Dreamcasting the whole time.  Use a good amount of spirit, if you can.  You’ll notice the difference.  Lyght frowned at the odd request, looking up at his towering companion, who nodded encouragingly back.  Not sure what to expect, Lyght tapped his Dreamcasting power and sprinted forward – immediately shocked at the results.  He exploded forward with a violent force, going so fast that everything around his became a blur, and finally fell down, unprepared to keep his balance at such an insane speed.  Lyght sat up, panting, and looked up at Seth in confusion.  What had just happened?  How had he just blurred forward like that?  That shouldn’t have been possible by any rule of Dreamcasting...
Seth reached a hand down to help Lyght up, and he gratefully grabbed it, coming to his feet.  Lyght took the pendant off and handed it to Seth, who lengthened it and slung it over his own head, looking calmer somehow now that he had the strange pendant back.  Seth tore off another sheet of paper, much longer this time, and wrote on it for a few minutes as Lyght stood there somewhat awkwardly, eager to head home.  Seth finally wrapped it up, handing it to Lyght when he was finished.  They set off walking again as Lyght unfolded the paper, reading.
That is my most treasured possession – the Aramis Rahkar.  It was passed down to me from my mentor, and it really is quite an extraordinary object… although I can’t really explain how it works, as I don’t know.  My mentor never was able to explain much about it to me, due to circumstances, but I’ve figured out some about it on my own.  
The white star is meant to rest over your sternum for a reason.  You, like most Dreamcasters, may have the general feeling that your power comes from somewhere in your general torso area.  Well, Dreamcasting spirit is in fact held in a small construct right behind the sternum, which only Dreamcasters have, and which they are born with.  So yes, they are predestined from birth.  
What the Rahkar does – again, I’m not sure how – is greatly amplify the use of your spirit on your own muscles, giving you a seemingly impossible boost in strength and speed that you can use to great effect.  It does have one drawback though – it makes your spirit evaporate at, I’ve found, roughly twice the rate it would otherwise.  I can’t explain why exactly it’s twice the rate, but it’s still worth it for the incredible boost in speed and power.  This is a unique object, and almost impossible to make, but it’s one of the main weapons I have in completing my mission.  
Lyght finished reading and looked up, fascinated to actually hear so much from Seth at once.  This was a good way of communicating.  He had to ask though, “What mission are you talking about?”  Seth nodded, like he’d anticipated the question, and ripped off another piece of paper to write on – shorter this time.  He handed it to Lyght, who read.
Something of the highest importance, that my friends and I are involved in.  You should consider it too; I think you’d do great with us.  Me and Iri are two of the four in the group, but you and your friend Mikael could be the fifth and sixth.
Our mission, you see, is to destroy the Dark once and for all.  And we need help.  
So, what do you say?
Lyght looked up suddenly as he finished reading, looking at Seth in an entirely new way.  Seth smiled for real, for the first time since Lyght had known him, and Lyght couldn’t help but smile back.  How had he known that Lyght had been planning about the same thing?  Was it fate, maybe?  Whatever it was, Lyght wasn’t going to pass it up.
Lyght held his hand out, “Can I have the pen for a second please?”  A bit puzzled, Seth handed it over.  Lyght scrawled three big words underneath Seth’s writing, and handed it back, smiling.
Let’s do it.


Chapter Thirty-Six
Beep, Beep, Beep…
Rolling over grumbling, Lyght hit the alarm, flashing 3:30 AM.  He fell back to the bed for a minute, exhaling, arms behind his head.  After lying there a minute, Lyght used a touch of Dreamcasting to boost his alertness and help wake him up.  Rolling out of bed and landing on his feet, Lyght stretched, yawning, and walked tiredly over to the window, pulling the drapes open.  Lyght rubbed his eyes, but was unable to see much of anything outside of a few dull, blurry orange lights from some of the city buildings.  The space where he knew the channel flowed was completely black.  It was a Dark night.  As he intended.
Walking over and flicking on the lamplight next to his bed, Lyght dressed and tried to think through the plan.  He really didn’t have much of one, to be honest.  He’d probably have to improvise much of it.  The main reason he was even going out on a Dark night was because he still burned with curiosity about the bizarrely coincidental, yet fascinating, discussions he’d recently had with both Lyn and Seth.  It seemed highly improbable to him that it could be accident that both men had mentioned to him – almost back-to-back – a mission to destroy the Dark.  This was, of course, Lyght and Mikael’s original mission that they’d planned for themselves, before circumstances had changed and they’d decided to come to the Glory to enroll in the Legion Academy.  It almost seemed like his past was following him now, and he was determined to figure out why.
Venturing out at night, of course, would not answer any of these questions.  He’d have to find a way to talk to Lyn and Seth about why they wanted to destroy the Dark; ask what their motivations were, and how they’d come to the conclusion that it needed to be done.  But before that, he wanted to go out and conduct his own investigation.  An experiment of sorts. 
He wanted to try and use his Dreamcasting power directly on the Dark again, as he had only once before in his life.  It had been the first time he’d accessed the power, actually.  The time when he’d literally ripped a hole in the Dark.  It was something he’d always wondered about, deep down, but told himself must’ve been an illusion or somehow a mistake.  Without his dad around to explain it to him, Lyght had always just consigned the event to a fluke.  The tragedy that happened afterward only served to make Lyght think about the occurrence even less.  And in the craziness of being here in this giant city, training and leading, and trying to do his best to deal with the problems on his team in the Academy, Lyght had admittedly gotten caught up and not thought about one of the biggest mysteries in his life lately.  Well, not tonight.  Tonight, he was going to do a little investigating.
Pulling his jacket on and zipping it up – it was beginning to get a bit cold here at night in mid-November – Lyght slung his sword across his back and headed out, locking the door behind him.  As he headed down the stairwell and out of the hotel, Lyght tried to think of where he was going, but couldn’t settle in on any particular destination where he felt like he needed to carry out his experiment.  Anywhere could work, really.  He did want to get out of the city, though.  
Thinking, Lyght stood outside for a moment in the chill air, breath fogging in front of him, before striking off east along the channel.  He couldn’t see the un-lighted channel of course, not in the Dark, but he could hear it rushing softly past, waves dashing against the stone levees and docks.  The hotel was in the far northeast corner of the city, so once he got out of the Belt, he only felt the need to walk east for less than ten minutes.  He knew he was somewhere out in the country by now – although he couldn’t see where specifically.  Visibility, by Dark standards, wasn’t great at this time of night, but it wasn’t as blindingly suffocating as it was right after midnight.  Lyght stopped all of a sudden, feeling his heels kick up a puff of dust below him, and looked ponderingly at the Dark sky.
Although it was a very deep black – seeming almost nonexistent – the Dark was not a static thing at all.  It churned and tumbled over itself like clouds, slightly different shades of deep black marking the different plumes of Dark and their direction of movement in the huge sky above.  Lyght looked up at it – analyzing it, trying to understand it.  He’d tried so often, but never felt like he totally had a handle on it. 
On Dark nights, one who was awake would see the pulsing black mass seem to originate out of nowhere from a point directly above and seep across the sky, blanketing either horizon.  From there, it would descend rapidly down to earth, seemingly pressing in on you if you were outside.  As the night wore on, the Dark seemed to retreat from you on the ground, leaving an increasing degree of visibility in its wake.  However, it seemed to somehow get… denser as it crept away from you.  Like you could see farther, but the Dark seemed increasingly impenetrable as it crept back toward the horizon.  Lyght had never been able to understand that, either.
By morning, the horizon would still be obscured – but by close to eight o’clock AM the odd, creeping blackness would jump back into the sky again, contracting back to a point apparently directly above you, before disappearing exactly at eight as the sun came up.  It all seemed so exact, so… calculated.  The fact that everyone went to sleep exactly when the Dark was descending indicated to Lyght that there had to be a connection between the two.  There was just no way that could a coincidence.  As much as they were told it was just part of the natural way of things, to Lyght it had just never added up completely.
And not only that; he had proof with his own eyes, from that fateful night over ten years ago, that the Dark was not in fact impregnable.  He had somehow – unbelievably, mysteriously – poked a hole in the Dark above with his Dreamcasting power.  It had seemed almost like a kind of funnel up through the atmosphere, a telescope through which they could suddenly see through the impenetrable blackness.  And there’d been some kind of odd white dots against a black – albeit less dark – field above.  Lyght had definitely never understood that.  That unanswered question, coupled with his renewed desire to investigate these matters, was what had brought him out here tonight.  
Closing his eyes, Lyght thought back to the first time he’d used Dreamcasting, trying to remember what he’d done specifically to cause the hole above.  
Wait, no.  It wasn’t exactly the first time.  It was the second time.  The first go was when I tore those furrows in the ground.  The second one, I…
He suddenly remembered the instructions from his dad on that night, refreshed in his memory from the odd dream or vision he’d had weeks back.  “Now raise your right arm in the air”, his dad had said.  Current Lyght did so, a slight smile on his face from the nostalgia of it.  “Now, flex your hand to connect to your power, and heat the air.”  Lyght snapped his eyes open, wanting to ask the same question he had back then… except this time, there was nobody around to ask.  How did one heat the air?  Although Lyght obviously had a much greater understanding of Dreamcasting now, he still wasn’t sure exactly how one changed the temperature of the air.  He supposed he’d have to try to just do it by feel like he had done ten years ago.
After flexing his hand to prepare his power, Lyght alternatively tried moving his hand in slashes, tight circles, and in and out of a fist; all the while generally trying to concentrate on the air particles.  Nothing happened.  Lyght growled a little with frustration.  He knew how to whip up the air into gusts of wind… why couldn’t he change its temperature?  
Keep his right arm raised skyward, Lyght closed his eyes; trying to think of what had been different the last time he’d done this.  He’d definitely been excited at the time, and intent on his task.  Lyght tried to focus in like he had back then, tried to find enjoyment in the process.  Maybe that would somehow do that trick.  His eyes burned into the Dark above, willing it to part ways.  It had to do it soon.  After all, he’d done it at the age of eight.  He had to be able to do something now, after all this training.  He just had to push it a little harder, use a little more energy.  Lyght narrowed his eyes intently, but the obstinate blackness stared back at him.  Ambivalent.  Unmoving.
Come on!
All of a sudden, Lyght felt it – the characteristic heat splashing through the air, making him suddenly uncomfortable in his winter coat.  Even with the limited visibility, Lyght could see the air particles above him waver from the intense heat blast, just like before.  And now, ten years later, Lyght could control his spirit much better, and had a much higher capacity.  He should be able to heat the air with much more force now.  Indeed, he felt like he was standing beneath an invisible volcano as he kept his right hand pointed skyward, sending spirit spiraling through the air particles, whipping them into a frenzy.  
So that was the secret.  To make the air heat up, he merely had to make the air particles move faster.  It seemed simple in retrospect.  Lyght made a mental note; sure he could use this new technique later to either heat or cool the air with spirit.  It was an interesting prospect, he had to admit.  With as hot as the air was blazing now, it occurred to Lyght that maybe he’d get an even better view of the sky above this time.
Over a minute had to have passed though, with nothing appearing.  A bit frustrated, Lyght redoubled his efforts, determined to find out what he could.  If Lyn and Seth were talking about destroying the Dark, it would help Lyght immensely to come to them with information on the Dark’s weakness.  He had to make himself useful in this respect, and this was the perfect opportunity.  Now if it would… just… work…
But it wasn’t working.  
Lyght, thoroughly annoyed now, flared his spirit to a prodigious level, heating the air above to a dangerous temperature – much hotter than it would ever get in the heat of the summer, in any part of the Dreamscape.  He couldn’t keep this up much longer – but if this didn’t work, nothing would.  Mouth locking in a snarl, battling against the sky, Lyght willed it to give way.  It had to.  He’d seen it break before.  But it still wasn’t working.  Exhaling in frustration, Lyght geared up for his last resort.
A Dreamcaster could, it one furious blast, use up the rest of their remaining spirit capacity in one ultra-powerful explosion of strength.  They’d learned the concept in the Academy, but hadn’t yet tried it out in practice.  Lyght didn’t care though; he was ready to get this over with.  He wanted to see what he’d seen ten years ago.  He just needed a little more power, he was sure.  
Bracing himself, Lyght surrounded the spirit located deep down near his sternum, apparently, preparing to break it with a burst of force and use it all in seconds.  He prepared his mind and body, like he’d been taught.  It was a dangerous process – he had to make sure the explosion of power wouldn’t injure himself, which was always a distinct possibility with this move.  And if he did that, out in the Dark, by himself.  Well… he tried not to think about it.  He’d do fine of course, even if this was his first time trying it.  He just had to jump in and do it.  Do it…
Now!
Lyght opened his eyes and pulled his arm down, then sent it skyward with a yell – resulting in a heat wave that he would have sworn came straight from the sun.  The heat itself almost knocked him out.  But before he could pass out, vision flashing black and red, Lyght cried out in pain and grabbed his right hand, which seemed suddenly on fire.  The heat ended suddenly, though he could see through the pain that there was no hole in the sky of any kind.  
There was, however, an odd symbol burned onto the back his hand.  It was a sort of circle with a series of pentagonal shapes, like a web, in the middle, with a smaller identical shape hanging below, along with other strings and what looked like feathers hanging down from the mysterious symbol.  Lyght frowned at his hand; it seemed like the symbol had appeared immediately after he’d burned the last of his power.  But… wait, no.
Lyght’s spirit was completely restored.
When he realized this, Lyght looked around in confusion.  He’d just burned the last of his spirit in one move… how had he retained any, let alone gotten it all back?  He looked back down at the inexplicable symbol on his hand, wondering what it all meant.  He extended his hand out in the darkness, admiring the look a bit.  Whatever it was, he had to admit, it seemed pretty cool.
For a few seconds, it burned an electric blue on Lyght’s hand, a defiant light in the impenetrable night, before fading out quicker than it came.  As blackness of the night set in again, Lyght had to wonder.
What in the world was that?


Chapter Thirty-Seven
When Sky woke up, she was colder than she’d ever been in her life.
Even inside her tent in her sleeping bag, the frigid air cut like a knife.  Shivering, she reached over and grabbed a sweater out of her pack to pull on.  Standing, she quietly left the tent, careful not to wake the three other crewmembers she shared it with.  Breath fogging in the crisp morning air, Sky made her way over to one of the few fires that was going this early.  Three crewmembers sat beside it, warming their hands over the flames; Max (who of course, was always the first one to rise), Jon, going over some maps and charts, and a younger boy named Quin who, at thirteen, was the youngest member of the crew.  Jon looked up and nodded to Sky as she approached, then looked back down at the map sitting on his lap.  A roughly-drawn map of the North, Sky saw.  
“How far out are we?”, Sky asked, craning her head to look at the red star on the map that marked their position at the base of Mount Arex, in the Faryn mountain range that sprawled across the northern reaches of the Confusion, Hate, and Sorrow domains.  They’d set up camp at the base of this mountain for multiple reasons.  First of all, it was one of the smaller mountains in the area of northern Hate where they were (although it still dwarfed anything Sky had ever seen in the South).  Thus, the risk of an avalanche from the snows already accumulating on the mountain’s peak would be not as big of concern.  Secondly, Arex’s location was ideal for them because while it was tucked off in the mountains away from prying eyes, it also provided easy access by way of the mountain path back out into the open land, which was the direction they’d head to arrive at their destination today.  
Jon had that destination circled on the map; the “Great Gate” that spanned the entire southern border of the Fear domain, and was the only way of entry into perhaps the most mysterious and rarely-visited of the domains, after Apathy.  There were stories about how the King’s influence was very weak there, even weaker than it was in the rest of the North, making the whole domain a lawless wasteland where no one was safe.  Sky wasn’t sure how true that could be, but still wanted to see for herself.  With the Great Gate guarding the south, and a similarly-massive Sea Wall guarding the north, the Fear domain seemed to Sky to be the perfect place for the Dream Syndicate to headquarter their ultra-secretive organization.
Jon studied the map a second more before answering Sky’s question on their location, “Hmmm?  Oh… I’d say we’re only about an hour’s walk away – not far at all.  I feel like we’ve made good time, and although this map is somewhat hard to gauge, we should in any event reach the Gate shortly after we pack up camp and leave.  Meaning we have to be ready for whatever comes today, because we’re really entering into the unknown here, you know that right?”  
Sky nodded, “Yeah, obviously.  But when have any of you guys ever been scared of a little bit of mystery?  I mean, intrigue and adventure is what you’re all about, right?”  
Max laughed and stood up, beginning to slide some sausages onto the spike that stood over the fire, and glancing sideways at Sky, “Yeah, well, that’s the story right?  That we’re all supposed to be out here for the fun of it?  Well, I’m having fun, I tend to hold that as a standard, but I’m also being realistic in saying that not everyone here views camping in icy cold foreign lands to be fun.  We were pretending to be pirates, you see, not winter warriors.  But hey, I think they’ve been doing an admirable job considering the circumstances.”
Quin piped up, “It’s not that hard!  I’m enjoying it, Max will tell you.  I never really thought I’d be able to go to the North, so it’s great!  I really…” 
Jon snorted and shook his head, “C’mon, we all know it sucks up here.  I’m not trying to be a downer, but we all know the reason we’re here is to find this Dream Syndicate group.  If they exist, and we can find them, all of this will be worth it.  And I think we all still believe that we’ll be successful in that regard.”  
The other three nodded, Sky included.  She didn’t say it aloud, but deep down she was grateful for the fact that her friends still believed in her mission, despite the hardships that had incurred.  The fact that they still stood with her here now, all the way across the world, chasing some obscure dream of hers highlighted the connection they’d all had to each other from a young age.  Sky realized fully now that her friends wouldn’t run out on her when things got difficult, and that meant the world to her.
So she felt like, even now, she could relax.
Sky took a seat for about ten minutes as the group ate the breakfast sausages they had been roasting on the fire, going back and forth between casual talk and planning the day’s objectives.  The original idea was to arrive at the Great Gate in the early morning, purporting to be a caravan come up north to establish business contacts in the domain.  They had no idea, of course, how admittance to the domain worked, or even if their excuse would make any sense.  Jon had figured, however, that there had to be some semblance of a functioning society or economy in the domain, and that posing as a group here for business was the best route to take as a result.  Of course, Sky was worried that it would seem odd that a group of a few dozen teens would be accepted as a group of businessmen, but it was all they had for now.  Hopefully there was just an open admittance process, letting in anyone they didn’t feel was dangerous.  That way, they wouldn’t even have to claim a false identity.
As they were finishing breakfast, Sky could see that most of the rest of the crew were up by now, packing up tents and putting out fires.  It had become a daily ritual now, executed without second thought; walk, and walk, and walk, set up camp, go to sleep, pack up camp, repeat.  Sky hoped today would provide a little more excitement.  She felt like they were closer to the Dream Syndicate than ever, closer than ever to discovering the unknown purpose of the object they’d found on Apathy, to learning what mysterious process had caused the sky to split open, revealing that bizarre hole above.  Sky burned to find out.  Maybe today was the day.  
Within the next fifteen to twenty minutes, the camp was all packed up – tents packed and stored on the back of the horses they’d rented for the journey – and the crew was ready to go.  Taking charge, Jon walked to the head of the group and explained the plan, “Alright guys, good morning!  So, we’re going to head down the path for a few minutes to get out the mountains, and from there it’s about an hour’s walk to the Great Gate, where we’ll gain admittance to the Fear domain.  Now remember, we’re pretending to be a group here for business, merely in the North to develop contacts in Fear.  What this means is; while it’s OK to leave a dagger or something small hidden up your sleeve, please place all your large weapons – swords, lances, and axes – in the saddlebags so we don’t give the impression of invading warriors or bandits.  There are a lot of us, so we have to do our best not to not appear too threatening.”  Heads nodded all around, and Jon turned to lead the group down the path.
Pausing and turning to look over his shoulder, the crew leader spoke up again, “It needs to be said – none of us really know what’s going to happen today.  But when do we ever, really?  So stay close to one another, and know that your friends have your back.  Alright?  Let’s go then.”  
The group gave a small cheer as they headed out; Jon in the lead, the rest of the crew behind him, and finally the few crewmembers in the back who led the train of packhorses with all their supplies (and hidden weapons).  Sky looked up at the majestic mountains soaring above as they walked; pine-covered slopes already bedecked with snow even at this late stage of autumn, bright blue glaciers sitting high up in the peaks of the range.  It really was a pretty sight.  The birds were flocking by this time of year, and a huge group of at least a thousand of them wheeled overhead and split the gap between two mountains.  As the flock passed over and disappeared behind the mountain to their right, the valley became oddly silent.  Sky shivered a little bit; pulling the coat she was wearing a little tighter and walking a little faster.
Indeed, just as Jon had said, the walk out of the mountain range took only a couple of minutes.  From there, it was a trek through the open, frosty plains for about an hour as they headed towards the Great Gate.  Conversation was limited as they trekked through the cold; light flurries blowing in the air now.  Sky had to admit, even she was a little nervous.  She told herself it was going to be just like entering the Confusion domain, and the Hate domain… no different.  Of course, she had no concrete evidence to think it would be different.  Just a feeling.  The rumors about the Fear domain all seemed to indicate that it lived up to its name.  Sky looked up, eyes locking on a smudge in the distance, looking at it determinedly.  She had to make her decision then.
No… no, I’m not going to be afraid.  That won’t do anybody any good.
She had to admit she felt slightly more relaxed, although not as much as she would have hoped, as their party drew near to the Gate, now growing rapidly in their vision.  Even from a ten minute walk away, Sky could see that it was a massive dark steel wall, hundreds of feet high, that soared east and west as far as the eye could see.  From the map, the wall apparently had massive gateway entrances every mile or so, thus earning it the name “the Great Gate”.  Jon had indeed placed their approach accurately, and Sky could see the Gate itself looming imperiously before them.  The Gate was simply a massive network of crossing dark steel bars with an odd bright blue painted emblem shining in the center that Sky couldn’t identify.  It seemed like it was built to swing inward.  As they got closer, she could see guards with halberds and lances patrolling on the top of the wall.
As they approached the gate, a door at the base of the towering wall swung open, and three guards walked out, the door being swung shut and locked behind them.  They wore some sort of bright blue uniform she didn’t recognize, emblazoned with the same symbol she saw on the gate.  Frowning, she tried to think of whose command these guards were under.  For whoever controlled this gate, likely controlled the whole domain as well.
A guard in his late twenties with scruffy black hair and beard, apparently the leader, came to a stop in front of them, leaning casually on his lance, “Morning, travelers.”  Good mornings came from the crew, and Jon stepped forward to shake the man’s hand, but the guard stepped back shaking his head.
“Sorry, but I can’t know for sure that you’re not gonna try to cut off my hand.  Never know which travelers to trust out here.”  Jon nodded slowly, and a second guard with a youthful-looking face stepped up, looking eager, and asked, “So, what are you guys doing here anyway?  What’s your purpose?”  For some reason, the lead guard scowled at this new speaker, but Jon answered anyway.
“We’re here on business.  As you can probably tell from our complexion, we’re from the South.  We’re a group of young entrepreneurs who have come together to form the Youth Business Collective.  My friends and I are looking to tap new markets, and we believe the Fear domain to be a great place to make our presence known and hopefully develop some business contacts.  We won’t be doing any trading this time around, you see, we’re merely hoping to introduce the people to our organization and build some relationships in your fine domain here.”
Sky was not too pleased to see the lead guard was looking at Jon somewhat suspiciously, “What goods do you trade in, exactly?”  Jon laughed, bringing a hand to the back of his neck very convincingly, intentionally putting a nervous, youthful note in his voice as he answered, “Well, you see, that’s a big point of debate in our organization.  Some want us to specialize in more expensive authentic Southern fashion and accessories, like my friend Max here, while others such as myself want us to get in on the natural resource trade.  We’re still figuring it out, I guess you could say.”  
After a moment of silence, the lead guard finally smiled a bit, and Sky almost sighed in relief as he said, “Well, you have more ambition that I did at your age.  Good for you.”  Despite this, the guard turned to his two companions and motioned them towards the packhorses, turning back to look at Jon and saying, “Alright, we’ll get you processed and through the Gate.  My two friends here are going to do a routine inspection of your bags to ensure your legitimacy, and then you’ll be on your way.”
Sky’s heart sank like a stone, and she knew everyone else’s must be doing the same.  No, they would most likely not be “on their way” once the guards found the hoard of weapons stashed in the saddlebags.  It was a shame really – they couldn’t afford to ditch their weapons, so they’d had to just hide them and hope they wouldn’t be questioned too closely.  Sky felt like Jon had done a pretty good job, but none of them had expected security to be this tight.  
Indeed, after less than a minute of searching, the lead guard whistled, “Look what he have here”, pulling out a sheathed sword and belt.  The other guards were simultaneously uncovering more weapons, and so the lead guard drew a horn out from under his shirt and blew on it, immediately bringing a whole squad of cavalry out from the base of the wall to apprehend them.  The guards confiscated the packhorses, and the lead guard walked up to Jon, looking him in the eye. 
“Look, I don’t know who you are, but you should know we don’t let strangers walk into our homeland with a whole armory on them.  For all we know, you could be distributing them to rebel groups or coming in here to cause mayhem yourself.  Don’t worry, we’ll keep your packhorses down here at the gate, but as we can’t be sure who you are and what your purpose is, we’re going to have you escorted to the leaders, who just so happen by chance to be staying in the gate headquarters right nearby.  Now, go along quietly, and if you are as harmless as you claim, we’ll let you go.  If not…”  The guard just shook his head and waved for the cavalry to take them away.  The crew was forced to walk at swordpoint through the gates, grating slowly open for them by the guards standing atop the wall.  Sky hung her head and walked along, in disbelief that their plan had fallen apart so quickly.  What had she been thinking?
Sky didn’t know what “leaders” they were going to see, but they didn’t have to go far.  They were led up the base of a smaller mountain that ran right up to the Gate itself.  About a third of the way up, Sky saw a cavalry soldier point with his saber and lead Jon into a narrow fissure in the side of the mountain.  As it took a while for everyone to get through, Sky looked down at the valley below.  She couldn’t make out any cities or towns from here, but she wasn’t that surprised.  She supposed the population must be centered farther into the domain.  That was kind of disappointing, as she’d hoped to see what some of the people in the mysterious Fear domain looked like, rather than being detained by whatever group it was that held and operated the Gate.  
Sky looked up, frowning at the narrow fissure as she was finally ushered through.  She definitely hadn’t noticed it was there unless it was pointed out.  And yet… why had she not seen it before?  It was there plainly enough, but somehow her initial gaze hadn’t caught it.  A good place for a headquarters – or a hideout – she supposed.
Sky was surprised at what she found inside.  It was like being in an actual building – the cave they were apparently in had been adorned with a floor and walls of various rich woods, and a ceiling of arching dark steel beams.  Multiple doors were open, leading into other rooms, and people bustled about with packets of paper and coffee.  A headquarters indeed.  Many looked around in surprise as the large group was escorted in, and one of the cavalry officers nodded to a guard standing in the corner, “Can you go fetch the twins?  Tell them we’re sorry for taking their time, but this is important.”  The guard hesitated for a second before nodding, apparently heading off to carry out the request.  Sky and the rest of the crew waited uncomfortably for a minute for the guard to return with the “twins”, whoever they were.
When the guard did return, two people in tow, Sky’s breath caught a little bit.  The twins both had the same slender body type and dark brown hair, and looked to be in their early twenties – and both were beautiful, with odd violet eyes that Sky had never seen before.  The male, for some reason wearing a sleeveless black shirt even in the cold, nodded to the lead cavalry officer and asked, “Why the party?  This is a workplace, you know.  
The officer dipped his head apologetically, answering, “Yes, sorry, but this group was found hiding an enormous stash of weapons in their packhorse’s bags, despite the fact they were claiming to be businessmen or some nonsense.  Well obviously they’re not, and figuring they might even be dangerous, we brought them to you.”  
The young man closed his violet eyes, clearly exasperated, “Alright, fine.  We’ll handle it.  You can take your unit back to the Gate, Fedren, thanks for bringing them up.”  The officer named Fedren nodded as spun his horse around, clacking across the wooden floor and leading his unit back out the fissure.
As they left, the young man looked over at his sister and shook his head, “Really, bringing horses in here… And they just redid the place.”  The girl shook her head, smiling, “That’s Fedren for you.  Acts before he thinks.”  As the brother and sister spoke, Sky couldn’t help but notice all the workers around standing frozen, staring at the pair.  Apparently, these two were important.  The guard from before had said they were, what, leaders?  Sky wasn’t sure what they led, but they had to be important.  Making a sudden decision, she stepped forward.
A little self-conscious at breaking in on their conversation, Sky looked at the twins and spoke up, a little breathless, “Hey there… I’m Sky.  Me and my friends here come from the Hope domain, and I promise we’re not here to cause trouble.  We’re just looking for a certain group in here in the Fear domain that we think can help us.”  
The young man turned to Sky, “Wow, come a long way, haven’t you?  I wonder… what brings dozens of teenagers across the world, to the dreary North?”  Before he got an answer, the young man shook his head as he remembered himself, “Right, sorry, I haven’t introduced myself yet.  I’m Troy…”  His sister stepped forward, “And I’m Kiara”.  Troy nodded, and looked back at Sky.  
“And we are two of the four leaders of a group you may or may not have heard of: we’re called the Dream Syndicate.”
A gasp went up from around the crew, Sky with them.  She couldn’t believe their luck – had they not been captured, they would never have found these guys, hidden as they were.  The young man called Troy smiled, “Ah, heard of us, have you?”
Sky stepped forward, words tumbling out in a rush, “That’s amazing!  Because we actually came all the way from Hope to try and find you guys.  You see, we’re interested in destroying the Dark too.  And then we found this weird object hidden on the island of Apathy that literally split a hole in the Dark sky.  It glowed this burning, electric blue, and…”  Sky paused, swallowing, willing herself to slow down, “Well, we figured you might know something about it.  Maybe it actually can destroy the Dark.  But it’s in the bags with our packhorses, you see, down at the gate.  Maybe we can summon them here?  We really need to show it to you.  It –”
Troy held up a hand, stopping her, “Slow down, there’s no rush”.  However, he was suddenly looking very interested, the boredom gone out of his expression.  He exchanged a glance with his twin sister, then looked back to Sky, who stood panting, waiting for his response.  He looked thoughtful for a moment, looking up and the ceiling, and then back down at Sky, “Do you by chance know what this object is called?  Was there any indication –”…
Sky broke in, unable to help herself, “Yeah!  Yeah, there was.  There was a note beside it, calling it the “Dreamcatcher”.  Have a look.”  She pulled the note she kept on her out of her pocket, handing it to the leader of the Dream Syndicate.  He read it, a look of shock on his face, and spun on his heel to look at his twin sister.
“Kiara, get Seth and Iri on the line – I think this is for real.”


Chapter Thirty-Eight
It was actually pretty nice out today.  The sun was shining, and it was already comfortably warm outside even in the early morning.  Seth could imagine only too well what the conditions would be like back in the North, especially in the Fear domain way up top.  He didn’t know where Troy and Kiara were at the moment – they hadn’t talked in over a week – but he knew wherever it was likely had a fair bit of snow on the ground already.  Seth knew he had it easy by comparison as he kicked his feet up on his balcony railing, looking down at the channel flowing gently by.
It was a lazy Sunday morning, so there was not much activity in the channel or in the city.  Even this early in the morning, though, Seth could see the rippling sails of some recreational boaters out in the blue waters, clearly taking advantage of very possibly the last nice weather of the year.  Seth was content to sip on his citrus drink and pretend he was at a warm Southern beach; which, in a sense, he kind of was.  He couldn’t totally relax however, because Iri was with him.  And whenever she was around, conversation – formal or informal – was going to be constant.
She stood leaning against the balcony now, arms crossed, staring wistfully to the north.  Seth thought he knew what she was thinking; Seth kind of missed home in a way, too.  Or, more accurately, he missed working with his comrades in the Dream Syndicate.  This was the first time in their five years together that they’d really split up – the four leaders – to go on separate missions.  It made rational sense, really, but it still bothered Seth that he wasn’t able for weeks on end to be around the people he considered his friends (outside of Iri, of course).  It wasn’t all bad though – coincidentally or not, Seth and Iri had gotten to know very well the two they were here to investigate.  And speaking of them…
In one fluid, well-practiced motion, Seth unscrolled a bit of paper from his arm guard and ejected the pen, writing on the paper “What do you say we contact Troy and Kiara about our progress so far?  I know we haven’t worked on Mikael as much, but I’ve already been able to talk with Lyght, and he seems to be on board with working with us.”  
Iri took the note and read it, nodding, “Yeah, you’re probably right.  Even though we’re by no means finished yet, we should probably just check in to give a status update.”  Iri pushed forward from leaning against the balcony and reached down for the Dreamcasting pen she kept sheathed at her waist.  Before she could draw it, however, Seth noticed an odd shimmering in front of them, like an invisible liquid mirror.   They both knew what that meant.
Oddly, Troy and Kiara had tried to contact them a moment before Seth and Iri were about to do the same.  Iri laughed and drew the pen out, “Wow, how’s that for timing?”  She began drawing the shape of the shimmering air to activate it from their side.  It took about a minute to focus, vague colors wavering on the screen, but when it did, a surprising sight came into view.
Seth recognized the place they were looking at after a moment as the Syndicate headquarters near one of the eastern gates of the Great Gate.  He’d been there once, but was surprised to see the current company the headquarters held.  He could see the typical staff personnel who worked for the Dream Syndicate, as many people did in the North, standing behind Troy and Kiara.  However, he could also see a group of a few dozen or so teens standing to the side, look and complexion clearly indicating that they were Southerners.  Seth frowned, exchanging a glance with Iri.  What were Southerners doing that far North, in a Syndicate hideout?  To Seth’s knowledge, that had never happened before.  The Dream Syndicate was an almost exclusively Northern organization, and Seth couldn’t help but question Troy’s judgment in letting dozens of Southerners, probably very loyal to the King, into the headquarters.  He decided to withhold judgment until Troy spoke on the matter, however.  
Seth saw Kiara wave at Troy’s side, “Hey, what’s going on guys?”  
Iri responded of course, “Not much.  Actually, we were just about to contact you guys to report in on our status.  But forget that for now.  What’s happening on your end?  Who are all those people?”
Troy nodded, “Funny that you were just trying to contact us.  Pardon me saying, however, that the report will have to wait.  We have something much more important to show you guys.  Believe me, this is really awesome”.  Seth and Iri nodded, but Seth couldn’t help but be very curious.  In his years of knowing Troy, he didn’t know if he’d seen the guy look more urgent and excited than he did now.  Seth had to wonder what could’ve made him like that.
Troy turned around, the screen shimmering a bit, and motioned to the large group of foreigners standing behind him, “As you guys can probably tell, these people here are from the South – the Hope domain, actually.  Long story short, I think we can trust them, because they are actually trying to destroy the Dark as well.”  Seth’s breath caught – he couldn’t believe it.  Really?  Southerners who want to destroy the Dark?  Maybe… maybe something is changing after all.  
“Anyway”, Troy continued, “they tried to gain admittance through the Great Gate by pretending to be businessmen here for peaceful purposes, but our routine inspections found a wealth of weapons on them, hidden in the bags of their packhorses.  The Gate guard here at this location, being a bit clueless and incapable of solving it by himself, sent them straight to us.  Luckily for both us and them, however, this turned out to be the best case scenario.”
Troy shook his head, “It’s amazing, really.  Upon learning who me and Kiara are, one of this group here stepped up and declared that they were in fact in the North looking for us, because… well”, Troy turned behind him, motioning an determined-looking girl forward, saying “She explained all this to me, so I’ll let her do the talking.”  Troy gestured to the screen, looking at the girl, “Sky, this is Seth and Iridia – Iri for short – the other two leaders of the Dream Syndicate.  They’re currently in Pride on official business, but you can show them what you showed us.”
The young girl named Sky stepped forward, and Seth sized her up.  She looked to be fifteen or sixteen maybe, with her brown hair in a ponytail and a sky-blue bandana tied around her forehead.  She was, from what Seth could tell, the only girl in the group.  And, apparently, their leader.
Sky nodded to Seth and Iri in greeting, and began her explanation, “Nice to meet you Iri, Seth.  Like he said, my name is Sky, and me and my friends here are from the Hope domain.  Long way, I know.”  She turned to glance back at her group, smiling, “You could say that we were originally adventurers, wannabe pirates, troublemakers.  Kids.  Well, we’re all still young, but what we want is not a kid’s dream anymore, not since…”  The girl named Sky paused, collecting herself, and looked Seth and Iri in the eyes from hundreds of miles away.  Seth didn’t know her, but already found himself impressed by her character, for some reason he couldn’t place.  That, and she seemed oddly familiar for some reason…
The girl addressed Seth and Iri, “Well, it was originally my idea to try and destroy the Dark, but my friends caught onto it as well as soon as they realized how important it was; that, and as soon as they came to believe it was actually possible.  I can stay awake in the Dark, you see, although I’m not a Dreamcaster.  I don’t understand that at all, but I figured I might as well make the most of it.  I knew more than any normal person about the Dark, so I told myself that it was up to me to destroy it.  I’m just lucky that my friends here in the crew wanted to help me out with it.”  
Seth nodded, thinking.  So they had gained some new allies, it seemed.  That by itself was no big deal though; the Dream Syndicate already had a wealth of personnel working for them in the North.  Maybe it would help to establish Southern contacts, he figured.  
But Sky continued on, “Nothing really remarkable happened until we followed up on a vague tip to investigate a marked location on the island of Apathy, on information that something “interesting” would happen with the Dark there.  When we reached the hilltop marked on our map, and keep in mind it was a Dark night, I happened to notice a dark steel box sitting on the ground, apparently undisturbed.”  She paused, apparently trying to describe it, “I opened the box, obviously, and something really… weird happened.  There was this object inside, which I’ll show you in a second, and a note with it.  The note, which I have here, reads; ‘Behold the Dreamcatcher – Talisman of courage, Gatekeeper of the spirit, Weapon of the light.’”  
The girl motioned one of her friends over, and he pulled the object out of its small dark steel box, holding it up in front of the screen.  Seth examined it – a series of pentagonal shapes were woven with some sort of string or thread inside a circle, with other bits of woven material and apparently feathers hanging down.  He frowned, not sure what it was supposed to be.  What did it do? 
Sky took the Dreamcatcher from her friend, looping it over her finger, and explained further, “The reason this is important, you see, is because as soon as I touched the thing, it glowed this weird electric blue and actually tore a hole – if that makes any sense – in the Dark sky above.  Through the hole, or whatever, there was this black, or less dark at least, sheet with these sparkling white dots on it.  It’s… it’s kind of hard to describe, but the most amazing thing to see.”  She looked over to Troy, “But I’m serious, whatever this thing is seems to actually have destroyed, dissipated, or driven away the Dark in a certain location.”
Troy nodded, stepping back up, “So the conclusion she reached, and that me and Kiara reached as well, is that this object can, in some capacity that we do not yet understand, destroy or at least chase away the Dark.  And since this objective is the entire point of the existence of the Dream Syndicate, that’s a pretty groundbreaking discovery.”  
Iri shook her head and whistled next to Seth, “You got that right.”  Troy nodded, and Kiara broke in, “So you guys realize what this means, right?  This must be the ‘sacred object’ Lyn mentioned, the one that we need to get to the Heirs to enable them to destroy the Dark once and for all.”  Seth nodded; he couldn’t believe how this was all coming together – it did seem very lucky of them to have crossed paths with this group possessing this “Dreamcatcher.”
Troy continued, “So we’ll keep investigating this, and we intend to try it out for ourselves, but it seems like me and Kiara’s end of the mission is complete.  We’ll contact you morning after next with confirmation of whether this ‘Dreamcatcher’ worked as Sky described, but until then we’re going to go on the assumption that this was the object Kiara and I were looking for.”  
He shook his head, laughing a bit, “I have to admit, this is the luckiest thing I’ve ever seen, us coming across the very people who found the object on Apathy, of all places, and them finding us exactly as they wanted to.  I mean, we could’ve kept searching the North forever, and not found the thing.  I’ll have to talk with Lyn about the information he’s been giving us; he told us to search the North, after all.”  Seth nodded.
“Alright”, Troy finished, “We’re gonna let you go.  Keep working on brining the Heirs around.  As soon as you’re one hundred percent sure that they’re the Heirs, which you may be by now, create and execute a plan to bring them to us.  Depending on what’s convenient, we can meet you somewhere if you give us enough time.”  Seth and Iri nodded.  “Consider it done”, Iri said, “I have to say, this is really crazy.  It seems like fate that it’s all working out so perfectly.”
Troy laughed as he let the image fade out, “Fate, huh?  I prefer to think that we deserved this.  What is it they say – luck is where preparation meets opportunity?  If that’s the case, keep working hard guys.  Our day is coming.”


Chapter Thirty-Nine
Lyght knew they’d come for him that afternoon.  Or he’d hoped so, anyway.
He was out in the training yard behind the base of Zone Zero with his classmates, working on sword drills with a blunted weapon on a training dummy.  At this late stage of the program, the sergeants and Lyn were training them on combining Dreamcasting and traditional fighting techniques.  Lyn sat in a chair against the wall of the base, manipulating the training dummies to spin and move around, and even attack with the wooden swords sewed to their hands.  The exercise was actually more difficult than it looked, because Lyn was able to make the lifeless targets as fast and quick as a real opponent, and do this for the whole classes’ targets at the same time.  
His level of ability truly astounded Lyght, but he had no time to think about it now as the dummy he was fighting danced in under his guard and cut at his legs.  Lyght used a touch of Dreamcasting to speed his jump – the only way to avoid the vicious cut from the lifeless minion – and sliced at the dummy’s head as he came back down, which of course was parried.  Lyght began to twist to throw another cut when his dummy fell lifeless to the ground, like the strings controlling it had been cut.
Looking over, Lyght saw a girl standing in conversation with Lyn.  It was the messenger girl of the King that Lyght had met a few times before – Lyaness was her name.  At the dinner with the Decimader Vuruman, the King had promised Lyght and Mikael that he would send this girl Lyaness to collect them the next time he wished to speak with them.  Well, the girl had come to collect Mikael this morning, explaining that for whatever reason the King wanted to meet with the two of the separately.  Lyght took it in stride, but to tell the truth he’d been unable to truly focus in on his training all day as he anticipated getting the call to go up and speak with the King, just as Mikael had done this morning.  Well, it looked like the time had come.
Lyght walked over to Lyn and Lyaness, throwing his blunted training sword in the dust for the sergeants to collect later.  He had to wonder yet again at the Legend’s ridiculously high ability – he was able to control and actively fight with the dozens of training dummies all while holding a conversation with Lyaness and greeting Lyght as he walked up, out of breath from the exercise. 
“Good job out there Lyght, but make sure you don’t get too aggressive.  That’s how an enemy can get in and tag you.”  Lyght nodded slightly bitterly; he could feel the bruises throbbing underneath his shirt where the wooden sword had rammed home.  He was glad it was only made of wood.
The Legend motioned back towards the general direction of the city and turned back towards his brawling students, “You can go.  I’ll see you tomorrow, Lyght.”  Lyght nodded and turned to walk off the training field with Lyaness, heading towards the city and the Tower of Triumph, where the upcoming meeting was located.  They walked through the forest for a few minutes in silence, Lyght growing a bit cold now as the heat of training wore off.  Still wearing a sleeveless shirt and cutoff pants from training, Lyght suddenly realized that he was in no condition to meet the King.  Getting a bit self-conscious, Lyght was relieved to find that he’d thought to pick up his bag on the way out.  He unzipped it, taking out the Legion cape and tying it around the base of his neck.  That was all he could really do, but he hoped he looked more presentable.  As he was tying it on, Lyaness engaged him in conversation.
“So, I’ve got a question for you.”
Lyght looked up at her, tying the cloak in front of his neck and tightening it.  “Yeah?  Fire away.”
Lyght noticed that the girl had her hood up, as usual.  He wondered why she did that, it wasn’t that cold.  Before he could ask though, the girl named Lyaness looked up, thinking, “Hmmm… how to say it?  I guess I’m wondering; who are you anyway that’s so important that you get to meet with the King of the Dreamscape regularly?  I mean, no offense, but usually only the most important and influential people in the capital city of Glory ever get to meet with him.  My father happens to be a senior Senate member, you see, which is the only reason I got this job.  Not that I particularly enjoy it, but that’s a story for another time.  So – and pardon my bluntness – who are you anyway?”
Lyght laughed, “Deep question.  I’ll answer that question if you answer it right after me.”  The girl nodded, so Lyght said, “Alright, well…”  He couldn’t think of anything to say for a few moments, raising a hand to the back of his neck and laughing awkwardly.  Seeing Lyaness looking puzzled, Lyght tried to find the words to honestly answer her question.  It was more difficult than he’d anticipated.  Who was he, anyway?
“Well, I guess I’m just an ordinary guy from the village of Kona in the Hope domain.  Other than the fact that I’m a Dreamcaster, there’s nothing particularly special about me.  As you might have guessed, my goal my whole life… more or less… has been to join the Legion as an official member.  I don’t really want to go into it, but that was my dad’s dream in the first place, and well… he died trying to achieve it.  But anyway, Lyn showed up at me and Mikael’s eighteenth birthday party and invited us here.  So I came.”
Lyaness frowned, “Well, yeah, that makes sense.  But it’s a kind of similar story to other people at the Academy.  Why do you get to meet our vaunted King, and they don’t?”  
The answer clicked into Lyght’s head as he remembered, “Oh, yeah.  That.  Well, I don’t know that much about it, but the King told Mikael and I at the dinner that he discovered something a few years back predicting that the first two Dreamcasters to emerge out of the Hope domain, which we are, would play a crucial role in defeating some dangerous enemy to the Dreamscape… or something like that.  Sounds crazy, right?  And don’t ask, because I don’t really know what he means either.  I’m sorry if that answer is kind of vague, but that’s all I know.”  Lyght didn’t know why he was apologizing, but he felt naturally inclined to give her an explanation.  He couldn’t see why that would be, as he hardly knew her, but felt like he did know her well at the same time… although that didn’t really make any sense.  
They were out of the Zone now, heading towards the Heart of the city and the shining diamond tower that Lyght could already see from here.  Lyght turned the question back around on Lyaness, “So, you said you’d tell me a bit more about yourself.  How’d you get such an… exotic name anyway?”  Lyaness laughed, punching him on the arm, “Because my parents gave it to me, idiot.”  Lyght drew back like it hurt him, but of course it didn’t.  He put his hands up, “Okay, I surrender, you win.”  She laughed at his acting, but he had to wonder.
What am I doing?
Lyaness took a few moments herself before answering, “Well, who I am is a pretty long question to answer.  I told you that I’m the daughter – an only child – of a powerful Senate member who always wanted a son.  I’m, as you know, the messenger for a King who, and don’t be too shocked here, I really don’t like.  Ironic, right?  I’m tasking with carrying his messages, but I don’t really give a damn what he says.  Why?  Because if you’ve lived in Glory as long as I have, around the power circles that run this land, you begin to see how flawed the system really is.”  
Lyaness laughed a little bitterly, “Look, you have half the population – the North – who live in a broken society because for some bizarre reason the King never focuses on them. Their land is run variously by warlords and corrupt politicians, and their quality of life is terrible.  You have the other half of the population in the South who have no say in any of the decisions made by the government, and who are forced to go to sleep all at an exact time by some mysterious supernatural force.  And that seems right to people?  That seems like the ‘Hero’ of the Dreamscape living up to his name?  No.  I don’t hate the King, you see.  He seems like a nice enough guy.  I’m just very, very disappointed in him.  The people deserve better.”
Lyght kept walking alongside her as they entered the Belt, startled by her words.  He suddenly realized that he’d never really met anyone who so openly opposed Decimader Vuruman.  He found it ironic that someone close to the King would be the first one he heard really speak out.  Although if he thought about it, he guessed this made sense in a way, since Lyaness would be one of the people who knew him best.
Lyght looked at the girl walking along beside him, frowning.  No, he’d never met anyone quite like her; who asked the questions she was asking.  He somehow found himself agreeing with her points – although he couldn’t see why – while also burning to learn more.  He decided to try something.  
“You know”, Lyght said, “my mom and dad back in Kona are fond of asking people to describe themselves in one word when they meet to new people.  So, how would you describe yourself in one word?”
She answered quicker than he would’ve thought, “Me?  I’d say… idealist.” Lyght nodded appreciatively, “Good one”.  “But”, Lyaness said, holding a finger up, “now you have to answer the same question.  How would you describe yourself in one word?”  Lyght laughed a little self-consciously, “Me?  Oh, I don’t know.  Average, I guess.”  
Lyaness looked at him seriously, frowning.  “I don’t think so”, she said.
Lyght smiled, “Well, thanks for the complement.  If I have to be serious about it, I don’t know… dreamer, maybe?”  
Lyaness raised her eyebrows, “Oh yeah?  Do you mean that literally, because you’re a Dreamcaster, or…”  
Lyght shrugged, “Both, I guess.”  Lyaness tilted her head, looking a bit impressed, “Hmm… That’s a good one.  I like it.”  Lyght performed a mini-bow, “There you have it then.”  
They both laughed, and kept the small talk going all the way until they reached Triumph, entering in through the lobby just as they had before.  They walked over to the lift, still bantering back and forth.  Lyght felt comfortable talking to Lyaness, more than he thought he should with someone who was still pretty much a stranger to him.  Still… it just felt like their personalities clicked well, like they have some type of intuitive understanding.  It was the same type of understanding, Lyght realized, that he had with Mikael.  And considering he’d known Mikael for over ten years, that was a pretty strong conclusion to come to.
He wondered about it.
Before he knew it, they got off on one of the top floors and Lyaness led him down a hall to a room with a dark black wooden door, carved with an intricate leafy vine pattern.  As they drew toward it, Lyaness looked back at him and said, “Alright, so the King’s servant came to me earlier and instructed me to bring you to this room.  We’re about on time, so the King should –”… 
Lyaness stopped dead, having opened the door and looked inside.  It was not the King at all, but rather a Legend standing in full armor, looking out the window.  Lyght’s eyes were immediately drawn to a massive Warhammer strapped to his back.  “Oh”, Lyaness, said in a small voice.
Turning suddenly to leave, Lyaness looked at Lyght in puzzlement, “So, you’re meeting with the First Legend then?  Alright, I guess I misunderstood.  Anyway… I’ll see you around, Lyght.”  She opened her mouth, looking like she wanted to say something, but snapped it shut, shaking her head.  Lyght could only nod, in somewhat of a daze at the sudden turnaround, “Yeah… see you around.”  The door clicked shut as Lyaness left, and Lyght looked over as the First Legend turned around to look at him.
Lyght couldn’t discern much about the man’s appearance, as he wore a full battle helmet for some reason, even inside the Tower of Triumph.  The Legend just stared at him for a few moments, and Lyght waited for him to speak.  Lyght noticed him take a half-step forward before apparently thinking better of it, turning to look out the window again.  Lyght stepped forward himself, unable to contain his enthusiasm at meeting one of his idols.
“Hey, nice to meet you, I’m Lyght.  I’m really – wow.  Sorry.  It’s just… I’ve always wanted to meet the First Legend.  I’ve heard so much about you, what you’ve done for the Dreamscape.  I’ve thought… I don’t know, I hope even I can become First Legend of the Dreamscape someday.  But forget that, got to crawl before I can run right?”  Lyght laughed a little nervously, “Of course I’ve got to make it through the Legion Academy first.  Speaking of which, do have any advice that might help me with that?  Making the Legion, I mean?  It would mean the world to me; it’s always been a dream of mine to join the Legion.  It was my dad’s dream too, you know, but he…”  Lyght trailed off, realizing that he was rambling on, and had probably gone too far.  It was the First Legend, after all, who had called Lyght here for a meeting.  He hadn’t invited Lyght to hear him talk.  So Lyght quieted down, saying “Sorry… got carried away”, and waited for the First Legend to speak to him.  
He didn’t, however.  He just stood by the windowsill, looking… tense for some reason.  Taking a deep breath, the First Legend spun on his heel and walked over toward Lyght.  Lyght unconsciously took a half-step back, not sure what was going to happen, but the First Legend simply pulled out a scroll from his belt, extending it to Lyght.  Lyght took it in his hands, examining it curiously.  He looked up at the First Legend with a questioning look, but the fully-armored warrior just stared back into his eyes for a second, before placing a hand on Lyght’s shoulder and nodding to him, walking past Lyght and out the door.  He shut it behind him.  Utterly confused, Lyght untied the gold ribbon around the scroll and began to read.

Lyght,

Congratulations!  Consider this an invitation from me, the First Legend, to you, Lyght, to join our sacred order – the Legion.  Myself and the King Decimader Vuruman make this special offer to you and your friend Mikael, offering you the opportunity to bypass the traditional training and selection process, on one condition.  You see, we need you two’s help in a mission vital to one of the Legion’s central objectives; which is to destroy a certain enemy of the Dreamscape.  We can’t fill you in exactly on who this is right now, but if you accept, the King will personally prepare you for the mission.  This success of this mission is of the utmost importance to the Dreamscape, and we need your and Mikael’s special talents and skills in tracking this enemy down and defeating them in combat.  If you do this, we would be eternally in your debt.  And, of course, you and Mikael would be initiated immediately as full Legion members.  If you accept, come with Mikael to the King’s office in Triumph a week from today at midnight.  The King has asked me personally to forward this request to you.  Just know this:

I trust you, Lyght.

It was great seeing you today – I’ve been looking forward to it for a long time.

Yours in Service,
First
Lyght, stunned at the sudden possibility of coming so close to his goal, stuck the scroll in his back pocket and wandered over to the window, looking out across the soaring city, overcast under a chilly November sky.  He bowed his head; he’d made it so far, but he couldn’t help wondering if he was on the right path.  Why?  Why doubt himself now?
Lyght pressed his forehead against the glass, sighing and fogging up the windowpane.  He stood there, high above the city, thinking about his encounter with the First Legend as the first snows of the year began to fall outside.  He looked up at the rolling gray clouds.
A new season, huh?


Chapter Forty
The lights of Decimader Vuruman’s city twinkled below as the King stood in his office, looking out across the cityscape and letting his thoughts wander.  Although the city had pretty much been fully constructed for the past hundred or so years, he still vividly remembered the centuries upon centuries of building, planning, and scheming it had taken to set the city up exactly to his liking and necessities.  As he looked out, he variously laid eyes upon the Tower of Justice, the Royal Bank, the Senate building, the Legion headquarters, and the Citadel.  He remembered the construction of each and every one of these soaring buildings in detail, and the changes they had gone through over the centuries as times and needs changed.  Standing up here in his office atop the sparkling tower of Triumph, it really was quite fascinating for Decimader to look down and see a physical map of time as it had passed during his reign.  He remembered it all, and all he had to do was look down and see it.  For as long as the centuries had been in which he had ruled over the Dreamscape, Decimader Vuruman’s memory never failed him.  That was a gift, he supposed. 
A remnant from what had once been his people.
But he had a different people now, and had for over a millennium.  Times always changed, and one thing that he’d learned was that he had to change with them.  This was something that, although he struggled with at times, he always came around to in the end.  If he had to choose a defining word for his reign, he might have said action.  This was what he contemplated now, as he looked out across his soaring dark steel city inhabited by the people he gave his life to lead.  He knew he had to take some form of action.  The question was; which action to take?  The answer, whatever it was, would either be successful and preserve the Dreamscape for many more millennia to come, or it would pose a serious threat to existence of the land itself.  Those were the stakes, and Decimader was taking extra care to not take them lightly. 
He heard a knock on the door as he contemplated, and sighed.  He’d hoped to come around to somewhat of a conclusion before the meeting started, but that hadn’t happened.  Oh well, Decimader thought, he supposed he could use the man’s input in any case.  That had been the original intention, anyway.  Decimader remained with his hands behind his back, looking out through the floor-to-ceiling sheet of diamond acting as both a wall and window, and called out in a firm voice, “Come in”.  After a polite pause, Decimader heard the door open and someone step into the room, swinging it shut behind them.  He didn’t need the reflection in the window; he already knew who it was.  The First Legend, showing up for the scheduled meeting.
A meeting on what to do about Decimader’s two young Dreamcasters of interest; Lyght and Mikael.
The First Legend bowed behind Decimader, “Good evening, sir”, the First began formally, “Reporting as asked for the conference about our discussions with Lyght and Mikael today.”  
Decimader nodded, still looking out the window.  The plan had been for Decimader to meet the two Dreamcasters separately; as he had promised them at the monthly Legion dinner he’d invited them to, and assesses their character and ambitions.  He felt he had a knack of doing that – maybe a product of reigning as King of the Dreamscape for a thousand-plus years.  Regardless, when Decimader had filled in the First Legend on his plan, the First had requested to help Decimader out with the evaluation process, and proposed to meet Lyght himself – leaving Mikael of course to meet with Decimader.  Had anyone else asked for the same duty, the King would’ve refused outright.  He trusted the First Legend, however, and knew from the combination of his background and diehard service since his recruitment that he could perform a vital role in the process.
And the process of making this decision, Decimader knew, was one of the most important things he’d had to take on in his reign in at least the past couple hundred years.
Looking down for a moment, Decimader wrapped up the reflecting he’d been doing earlier and came to a preliminary decision about what to do.  He wanted to hear what the First said about it, of course, before he fully decided on a plan of action.  So the King spun on his heel, walking over to his desk, and poured out two glasses of the scotch he’d saved for the meeting, handing one to his First Legend, who thanked him.  Taking a swig of the top-of-the-line drink, Decimader raised his eyebrows.  “Good, stuff, isn’t it?”  
The First nodded, and Decimader took a step back and sat down on the edge of his desk, brushing various bits of paper and clutter out the way.  He’d never been that into formality; and so he had no qualms about conducting a highly important meeting while sitting down and drinking.  The First Legend, in his eternal discipline, remained standing, however.  The King swirled his drink a little bit and wondered how to begin.
“Well”, Decimader started, “I don’t know about you, but I highly enjoyed meeting with this Mikael kid.  Our personalities clicked really well; we had an intuitive understanding that is actually kind of hard to describe – almost like we’re two sides of the same coin.  We speak and think in much the same way, and I feel like I know him better from a thirty minute conversation than half my advisers who have been working here their whole career.  Not you, though, of course.  Obviously not.”  The First laughed, and Decimader knew he wouldn’t take offense.  The man was loyal, above all things – to a fault, even, Decimader had found.
The King stared into his drink, remembering his conversation with the young Mikael that afternoon, “He’s definitely the more outgoing and outwardly confident – a touch arrogant even – of the two.   He didn’t seem intimidated by me at all – a rarer trait than you might imagine.  He had no problem steering the conversation himself, asking me as many questions as I asked him.  Of course I gave him more evasive or general answers than he might have liked, but I can’t give away everything at this stage, now can I?”  
The First Legend took a drink himself, “To an eighteen-year-old?  Not exactly, no.”  
Decimader laughed and refilled his drink, “Nothing against the kid, really, but considering the fact I’m over a hundred times his age, I don’t really think he could truly understand me at any level.”  The First nodded, conceding the point.   
Decimader took another drink and continued, “Anyway… in terms of his aspirations, to get to the point, it’s pretty much what you might expect from a highly talented, confident eighteen-year-old male at the Legion Academy.  Although he has some unique traits, of course; he’s self-centered, but in a selfless way, if that makes sense.  He wants to make the Legion, obviously, but his primary motivation for doing it is to establish himself in a position where he can do the most he can for the people he cares about; his family and friends back in his village, that is, and to a lesser extent the people throughout the Dreamscape.  So that’s good, that’s what we look for in prospective Legion members, as you know.”  The First nodded.
Decimader set his cup down and shrugged, “So the way I see it, he has all the requisite tools – talent, ambition, ability, and confidence – of one of the Dreamcasters mentioned in the Covenant, who are destined to track down and destroy the Heir.  And if he is, of course, then we know by extension that Lyght must be as well.  So my initial inclination is to go forward with the assumption that these are the two I’ve been looking for, and I will tell you my initial plan of action if we decide to go forward in that direction.  I still want to hear your assessment of Lyght, however.”  
The First Legend nodded and cleared his throat, looking a bit uncomfortable for some reason.  Decimader knew the man well enough to read his facial expressions, and his face gave away a slight “What should I do?” message, though Decimader could not fathom how that made sense in this situation.  The King figured that maybe the First was thinking about whatever this “plan” was, and his role in it.  The man needn’t worry, however; it was nothing outside of his skill set.  It would be somewhat difficult, true, but he was sure it wasn’t anything that the First, powerful as he was, couldn’t handle.
“Well first of all”, the First began, “I’d like to thank you for letting me meet Lyght as well, it was a very… interesting experience for me.  And it – … um, anyway, thanks for that.  I guess you could say I had a good conversation with him, though I think I’m right in saying that the kid is pretty different from his friend Mikael.  While undoubtedly talented in his own right, he probably… I mean, he does have a more low key personality than this Mikael, anyway.  I would guess his motivations are probably similar to Mikael’s, even if he doesn’t discuss them as openly.”  
Decimader frowned at the First’s assessment; this seemed pretty subpar work for him, “You guess?  You did actually talk with this kid, right?”  The First nodded, “Yeah, but our conversation didn’t go exactly the same way as you and Mikael’s.  Don’t worry though, I felt like he checked out – I got the feeling he is definitely what we think he is.  I gave him the note.”  Decimader exhaled, closing his eyes.  So both kids had been given the official offer.  So the show was officially on the road, now.  
The First Legend took a step towards his King, explaining himself, “I feel like I’m able to glean more information from what you say happened in your discussion combined with what happened in mine, and I think we can definitely say these two are equipped today to help us find and destroy the Heir.  I can tell you for certain, because Lyn reports to me, that both Lyght and Mikael are clearly Legion-level already in terms of both natural ability, work ethic, and skill level.  I think your idea to offer them immediate Legion status in exchange for them helping us is perfect.  We don’t need to spend any time placing them in The Legion through the traditional Academy route because they’re already there talent-wise.  They’ve got it all, from what I see.  Them, and the other two class leaders – Seth and Iridia, are Legion-level as we speak today.”
Decimader raised his eyebrows, “Funny that you mention those last two names – I’ll get to them in a second.  So what you’re saying is; you believe that right now, based on skill-level and loyalty – which is crucial – of these two kids, they can track down and destroy the Heir at this stage?”  The First nodded firmly, and Decimader frowned, thinking of the next step.  
Decimader had guided the First in writing the note he’d given to Lyght, but given the man very strict instructions that he was only to hand it to him if he was highly impressed with his character and ability, and thought Lyght could get the job done if they made the offer today.  The King himself had planned on being just as tentative with handing out the offer to Mikael, but had been so impressed himself he couldn’t resist.  Of course, if one was impressive enough to look like they could get it done, by the Covenant the other one must be as well.  So if one of the two got the note, the plan would be underway.  However, Decimader hadn’t really thought that would happen.  Despite the First’s tentative remarks about Lyght, he’d handed out the offer anyway.  It seemed that both the King and his First Legend must’ve been impressed, somewhere deep down, by these two young kids.  Decimader closed his eyes.
I guess they are the ones, then.  
After thinking for a moment, the King of the Dreamscape opened his eyes and poured himself another drink, motioning to the First for the same, who shook his head ‘no thanks’.  Nodding, Decimader filled his drink to the top and held it up, peering through the multi-layered ice and diamond at his sparkling city below.  It was a pretty cool sight to see.
“Alright, my friend, so here’s the plan…”
End of Part IV


Chapter Forty-One
A week after his strange meeting with the First Legend, Lyght landed his last blow at the Legion Academy.
Spinning out of range and swinging himself around the trunk of a tree – barely avoiding a vicious cut to the head – Lyght make a full circle and put on a spurt of Dreamcasting as he was exactly halfway around the tree, hidden from his opponent, and came around the other side much faster than his enemy would’ve expected.  Lyght leveled the blunted weapon straight at his enemy’s gut, slamming it home through his guard with an explosion of speed and power (aided of course by Dreamcasting) that sent his enemy sprawling in the dirt, abdomen surely bruised from the impact of both Lyght’s sword and his own hitting him simultaneously.  The bell rang just then, signaling the end of the exercise – an exercise that Lyght knew marked the last training at the Legion Academy before the Final Test.  A test that, so it seemed, he and Mikael would be exempt from. As long as they carried out this “mission” of the King’s, whatever that was.  
Lyght couldn’t help thinking about that now.  The note he’d received from the First Legend had said to come to the King’s office a week from then at midnight to receive his orders – which was tonight.  It coincided nicely with the end of training; making Lyght wonder if that was intentional on the First Legend’s part.  
And speaking of the First Legend, Lyght had been unable to stop thinking for the past week about his short, surprise meeting with the First, and his abrupt exit without ever having said anything to Lyght.  He’d just handed Lyght the note, and walked out.  The note had said the First was pleased to see him, and that he’d been “looking forward to it for a long time”.  Why then, wouldn’t the Legend talk to him?  Was he somehow disappointed in Lyght for some reason?  Why would he be?  It bothered Lyght more than he wanted to admit. 
So all that was left today was Lyn’s final class, which probably wouldn’t feature too much material (if any), and then Lyght was off for the day to go change and prepare for his all-important meeting with Decimader Vuruman.  He was already tense with anticipation for the meeting hours from now, at midnight, which would determine what he and Mikael had to do to be initiated immediately into the Legion.  While all the other students were about to undergo the Final Test, which had a low pass rate of about twenty five percent, Lyght and Mikael were about to put their own talents on the line to try and win their way right into the Legion.  He couldn’t wait.
One more thing to take care of, though…
As the bell sounded, many of the students, tired of the fighting and exercising and glad to be done, headed into the base for Lyn’s final class.  Lyght was going to go inside in a minute, but first he wanted to talk to his opponent in the exercise they’d just finished.  Walking over to where the guy still lay sprawled on the dusty ground, Lyght reached down a hand to help him up.  After significant hesitation, the kid on the ground grabbed Lyght’s outstretched hand and allowed himself to be pulled to his feet.  He dusted himself off and checked his injury underneath his light ringmail and shirt, revealing a nasty deep maroon bruise cutting diagonally across his abdomen, a good four or five inches long and bleeding, even.  Lyght raised a hand to the back of his neck awkwardly and apologized as he saw the damage.  
“Ouch… sorry Ben.”
The kid who had so often questioned Lyght’s leadership throughout the course of the program looked at him with that characteristic look of disdain, “You knew the bell was about to go off, and you were clearly winning.  Why did you have to take that shot anyway?”
Lyght shook his head, “No, I wasn’t clearly winning.  You fought a pretty good match, and tagged me a couple times.  But it wasn’t just about ensuring that I would win – it was more about trying to prepare you, someone on my team, for some of what you might see on the Final Test coming up next week.  Look, even though we’ve had our differences, Ben, I still want to see my team members succeed.”  Lyght felt he had to qualify that statement, “And not for my ego or anything, but because I genuinely want you all to be successful.  That’s the responsibility of a leader, isn’t it?”  
Ben still glared at him as he often did.  “Come on, don’t look at me like that”, Lyght said, shaking his head, “I never held any animosity towards you, believe me.  Even if I was somewhat confused in your hatred of me as your leader, I never hated you back.  I still don’t.  So again, I’m sorry for whatever you think I’ve done to you, but that’s all I really know how to say at this point.  I hope if we both make the Legion, which we very well might, we can finally learn to work as a team like we’re supposed to.”
Ben turned and looked off into the Zone, and said something quietly that Lyght didn’t catch all of, “I don’t…”
Lyght cocked his head curiously, “What was that?  I didn’t catch it, sorry.”  Ben turned toward Lyght, with an expression on his face he’d honestly never seen before.  Could it be… embarrassment?  Ben took a deep breath, then looked up into Lyght’s eyes as the two of them stood alone out in the yard, “I don’t hate you.  I know I’ve acted like it, but well, I guess it’s just part of my competitive nature.”
Ben looked away, “That, and – damn, I never wanted to admit it, not even now – but I am kinda jealous of you, Lyght.  You’re a lot more naturally talented than me.  You got to be a class leader, which I wanted myself, and I was bitter that you had it and I didn’t.”  Lyght just stood there, in disbelief at what he was hearing, as Ben went on, “I always felt like I would be a better leader because I can be louder, more vocal, more aggressive.  But you taught me that’s not what leadership is, Lyght.  You led by example, and it took me a while to admit to myself what I realized deep down the whole time.  You know what that is?”  Lyght shook his head.
“That the best leaders are the ones who never asked for it, but do the best they can anyway.  That sums you up, Lyght, and I have to say, I really respect that.  That’s all.”  
As Ben fell silent and looked down at the ground, Lyght stood there stunned for a minute, a little emotional over the sudden revelation.  All he could think to do was what he’d been doing the whole time, to encourage Ben as he did the rest of his teammates.  Ben had, after all, been one of the most-improved in the Academy skill-wise from the beginning to the end of the program, and Lyght would not be surprised at all to see him at the next level.  He had to let him know that.
Stepping forward, Lyght placed a hand on Ben’s shoulder, who looked up, glancing to the side.  Lyght couldn’t think of much to say, so he decided to simply be honest, “Thanks a lot, man, that’s means the world to me.  It really does.  All the work I’ve put in here at the Academy hasn’t only been to make the Legion; it was, like I said, to make sure my team was successful.  And who knows what this next week will bring us, but I’m pretty sure I can say with high confidence that we’re both gonna be successful.  In fact, I guarantee it.”  
Ben brought his gaze back to Lyght and nodded firmly, looking somewhat more confident.  Lyght stepped past him and motioned, “Come on, then, let’s go hear what Lyn has to say before we get out of here.” Ben followed in step with him, and Lyght couldn’t help but shaking his head in amazement.  Who would’ve thought that the one who’d been critical of Lyght the most, the one who had even made Lyght doubt himself, would be the one who had secretly respected him the whole time?  Lyght had to admit, the realization felt good.  He felt like all his work at the Academy and all the adversity he was working through was beginning to finally pay off.  
He knew, he could just feel that the day he’d dreamed of since he was a little kid was coming to pass very soon.  The day when he was finally initiated as a member of the Legion – and became a Legend himself.  He smiled to himself as he always did at the thought, except this time it was so much closer.  So much more real.  He couldn’t wait. 
Walking into the familiar classroom in the central Legion training base at Zone Zero, Lyght and Ben nodded apologetically to Lyn for their slight lateness, and found seats near the back as the Legend was just about to get the class underway.
“Alright, guys, so you’ve just completed your last training exercise, as you obviously know.  Technically, I’m scheduled for one more class session here, but I’m not going to use it to try and cram anything in on you before the Final Test – you clearly have more than enough to work on with the mental, physical, and character components that you need to pass to gain consideration for admittance into the Legion.  So I’m going to take this last class instead to just talk to you guys a little bit about your futures – for this upcoming week is going to be a turning point, one way or another, in all of your lives.”
Lyght understood the implied meaning – that whether people passed or failed the upcoming test (or in Lyght and Mikael’s case, missions), would largely determine the future course of the rest of their life.  For one could not enroll in the Legion Academy twice; either you made it on your first shot, or you didn’t.  Pretty harsh, Lyght had to admit, but that’s why they were such an elite and special group.  Even the best of the best could not be sure of getting in.  This realization still made Lyght a bit nervous, no matter how confident he seemed to be when talking to Ben, Mikael, or anyone else.  
Lyn paced up and down in front of the students, “So, in lieu of any substantive discussion today, I’m just going to give you general advice for the way forward.  And that starts with the upcoming Final Test.  Of course, each one of you knows how to prepare for the test.  Really, it’s what you’ve been doing your whole time here.  A lot of you probably already have a feel for whether you’re going to pass or not.  I’ll just tell you have confidence in yourself and operate at your highest level, because you never know what’s going to happen.  But outside of that, my advice here won’t be on how to make the Legion – that’s what I’ve been training you for this whole time – but what to do whether you make it or not.”
“For those of you who do make it, know that your life isn’t about to become some easy walk of glory where you just get to coast on your newfound power and status.  People will respect you, and even worship you, yes.  But you can’t let it get to your head.  At the initiation ceremony, the mission of the Legion as an organization and confidential details about life as a member will be disclosed to you, so you may find it useful to focus your attention on both that mission and your newfound brothers in the Legion.  Being a Legend, I can tell you from personal experience, is the greatest gift you could ask for.  Know that if you become one, you’re destined for great things in your life.  That doesn’t mean you can give up and stop working, however.  Every Legend needs to be at the top of his or her game to serve our order and our King to the highest extent.”  
Nodding heads went around the group, transfixed at Lyn’s speech.  He smiled, apparently noting that they all seemed to be listening to him at once.  Not exactly the most common occurrence, as his class sometimes dragged on when the students were exhausted from training.  Lyght himself absorbed all of Lyn’s words, and could sense them immediately to be true.  He was glad that Lyn had confirmed that being a Legend was everything Lyght had hoped it would be, while also encouraging them to keep working as hard as they had been.  Lyght still burned to know what the Legion’s central mission was, however.  He felt like until he knew that, he couldn’t get a complete grasp on what was coming next.  It was like he was following the arrow of a compass.  He knew it lead north, but he didn’t know what was in the north.  He guessed he’d find out soon.
Lyn kept speaking, “To those of you who don’t make the Legion, and that will be most of you, don’t sweat it too much.  It’s not the end of your life, by any means, even if you may feel that way at first.  There are plenty of great things you can do in this city, outside of being in the Legion.  With the skills you’ve learned here, many of you will be well placed to enroll in the Military Academy and become officers.  Many of the realm’s greatest generals are former Legion Academy students.  There are other military paths as well; as you know, all of the sergeants who work here at the Legion Academy are Dreamcasters, most of whom were in this program.  We also have people go into the Senate, depending on your family background, and work in Triumph, as advisors and other personnel of the King himself, or even the Legion.  So don’t give up if you don’t get selected.  You still learned things here that will benefit you greatly in life.”
“So, that’s really it.  I’m gonna let you guys get out of here early, to prepare for your test and… other things you might have to do.”  Lyn met Lyght and Mikael’s gaze for a second.  “I’ll see you guys on Monday for the test.  I’ve truly enjoyed teaching all of you, and I mean that.  I know you’ll all be great, whatever you go on to do in life.  We Dreamcasters tend to turn out that way.  Thanks again, guys.”  The students stood up, many going up to shake Lyn’s hand and thank him for everything.  Through all the movement, Lyght caught Mikael’s gaze and his friend came to meet him at the back, holding his fist out.
“Ready?”, Mikael asked, characteristic grin out his face.
Lyght reached out and joined fists with his longtime friend, “So ready.”


Chapter Forty-Two
Sky stared through the gently drifting snow as they headed south.  The icy peaks of northern Hate and Fear had given way to rolling plans in the south-central region of the Hate domain.  She stared off at the horizon, a light steely gray, as she rode a chestnut brown horse alongside Jon and a few other members of the crew.  The whole crew rode along with them and behind them, all on horses.  Most of them weren’t used to riding horses – they preferred the seafaring route – but everyone was getting along well enough at this stage of the ride.  They’d had days of riding, by now, to acclimate themselves.
Before they’d left Fear, the two Dream Syndicate leaders in Glory – Seth and Iri – had contacted Troy and Kiara a few days after Sky’s arrival, saying that they were “sure” that these two certain people were the Heirs (whatever that was), and requested Troy and Kiara to come down south with the Dreamcatcher to meet them on the Central Bridge outside the capital city.  Since Sky and the crew had brought them the Dreamcatcher in the first place, Troy hadn’t had a problem with the crew coming along with the two of them and their retinue of guards.  They were on their way to the great city of Glory now.
Sky couldn’t help but smile at the coincidence – after stressing so much that she and her brother were about to be separated, she was heading to the capital city herself for the first time in her life.  She couldn’t wait to see it for herself.  And not only that, she also planned to surprise-visit her brother at the Academy.  She could only imagine his reaction, not to mention what he thought of what she’d been up to for the past few months.
For now, the entire crew rode along with the two leaders of the Dream Syndicate they had been so lucky to find.  Things had kind of come full circle, as they were finally heading back to the South where they came from.  No one in the crew had ever been to Glory, however, and the talk and anticipation in the group was high about what the city was going to be like.  Sky herself had heard the common rumors that the city was huge beyond imagination, made entirely of dark steel.  She did know for a fact that there was a soaring pure-diamond tower that was the crown jewel of the great capital – Triumph, the palace built for the King and Hero Decimader Vuruman following his triumph in defeating the enemies of mankind and creating and unifying what they knew today as the Dreamscape.  Sky didn’t know who these enemies were – the stories and rumors were likely exaggerated, anyway – but she did know that the few from Hope who’d been to the great capital said it was unlike anything they had seen in their lives.
But apart from sightseeing and the experience of going to the capital city, Sky knew that their crew was still pursuing the mission they’d set out on in the first place – to destroy the Dark once and for all.  They’d been lucky beyond belief to both find the Dreamcatcher and then find the Dream Syndicate by accident.  Just as lucky to be on their way now to deliver to Dreamcatcher to those who could use it; according to Troy and Kiara, anyway.  Everything was finally coming together in a way that Sky had never really thought it would.
But their mission was not yet complete.  During their few days staying in the Dream Syndicate headquarters at the far southern border of Fear, the crew had come to the consensus that having found the Dreamcatcher in the first place, they had a responsibility to hang onto it and follow through on the mission until they could actually see the mysterious object actually used to destroy The Dark as it was supposedly able to.  The crew leaders had asked the young Dream Syndicate leaders, Troy and Kiara, if the crew could hold onto the Dreamcatcher themselves and safeguard it on their way south to deliver it.  After some negotiations, they had finally agreed.  Max held the Dreamcatcher box in his pack now, a quartet of guards riding around him.  Everything was still going according to plan; Sky hoped their luck kept up through this next stage.
She still did wonder about something, however.
Spurring her horse forward, she rode past the few dozen riders of Sky’s crew and warriors of the Dream Syndicate, pulling on the reins and bringing the horse to a trot alongside Troy and Kiara at the front of the formation.  Troy turned to her, eyebrows raised, “What’s up?”  
Sky had to admit, she had been kind of shocked at the beginning to see how young the leaders of this legendary criminal group were.  She did appreciate it however; Sky found she dealt better with younger, more informal people.  She had always had somewhat of an authority problem, and she knew it.  Well, maybe it wasn’t that she disliked authority, but that she disliked authority figures who she didn’t feel like deserved it.  Undoubtedly, she felt that the twins Troy and Kiara deserved to be leaders.  They kept such a level of command, emitted such an air of charisma, that Sky couldn’t help but admire them, as little as she admittedly knew them.  That, and the fact that they looked pretty damn cool didn’t hurt.
Troy himself was clad in a sleek, fierce-looking light set of black armor, a sword and short lance crossed upon his back, emerging ready to be drawn over either shoulder.  Helm hooked onto his belt at his side, this leader of the Dream Syndicate looked not only ready for battle, but pretty cool out of it as well.  Sitting up on a midnight-black warhorse as he was, Sky had to look up to talk to him, which she had to admit irked her a bit.  She chose to ignore it however as she brought some of the questions that had been bothering her ever since their departure from Fear.
“Well, just a quick first thing… when the crew and I set out to look for you guys, we tried to meet one of our contacts in the North, a man named Gairen.  He apparently had connections to the Dream Syndicate.  Do you know him?”  
Troy shook his head, “We have a pretty big organization; most of the people in the North know somebody who works for us in some capacity, if they don’t themselves.  The man probably had contacts to Dream Syndicate personnel in his local area.”
Sky nodded, “Yeah, well, we were supposed to meet him in the town of Aston where he lived, near the coast of Confusion.  When we entered the town square where he was supposed to be…”  Sky gulped; it was still hard to talk about.  “He… well, someone else had gotten to him first, you could say.  They killed him, actually… very brutally.  Gairen was impaled onto the wall of a building with huge spikes, and whoever did it wrote a message above his dead body.  “‘Lived a coward – died alone’, it said.”  Troy exhaled as she finished speaking, looking down with a look of frustration.
Sky asked the question that had been eating away at her for weeks, “I have to know – what happened to him?  Who would have done this, and why?”
Troy took a deep breath and looked over at Sky, “You’re not gonna like my answer.  Partly because it may surprise you, and partly because you might not want to believe it.  But it’s true, unfortunately, and we have to deal with it.”  Sky nodded, urging him on. 
Troy looked back at the crew, “No offense, but you Southerners have mostly been brought up to believe that the King’s reign is so righteous and good… I mean, he even calls himself the Hero, right?  Well, for those of us living in the North, the reality is much different.  The King has never cared in the slightest about whether we live, whether we die, or whether we disappear.  I don’t know the reason for that, but suffice it to say that ever since me, Kiara, Seth, and Iri created the Dream Syndicate about five years ago, the King’s Legion has made it an active goal of theirs to hunt us down and destroy us.  You see, we stand for freedom in the North – freedom from the iron rule of your King who has oppressed us for so long.  And since Decimader Vuruman is not remotely okay with that; about a year ago he sent dozens of Legends – active and former – pouring into the North to wage a campaign of violence and intimidation, in an attempt to subdue the population.  And I hate to say, it has worked to an extent.”  Sky rode alongside the leaders of the Dream Syndicate, stunned at what she was hearing – this was an entirely different perspective on the King of the Dreamscape than she had never heard before.
Troy shook his head, “I’m sorry to say it, but the manner of the killing of this man Gairen indicates to me that it was the Legion who did it.  They’re responsible for similar-type murders throughout the North – one or a few of them even like leaving messages like that.  They think it will scare us into submission, you know.  Well, on that, they couldn’t be more wrong.  In fact, these types of murders are the very thing we’re fighting against.  So we’re glad that there are some Southerners who finally understand.  You and your crew have me and Kiara’s thanks for coming along with us; it’s a big step forward in Northern-Southern relations.  Hopefully, this can become normal someday.”  Sky nodded, still struggling to process all this new information.  She still needed yet more information however.
“Thanks for that, Troy, everything seems to make so much more sense now.  But… there’s some other things I’ve been wondering about.”  Troy motioned for her to continue.  
Sky paused, trying to think of how to say it, “Well… as you know already, we’re coming along with you guys because we still have our own mission to complete.  I know you haven’t mentioned the exact plan, but considering that we’re throwing our lot in with you, I think we deserve to hear what’s actually going on.  Even if it is classified Dream Syndicate information, you can consider us your allies, so there’s no harm really in telling us.  Who exactly are we supposed to hand over the Dreamcatcher to, anyway?  And how do you know you’re supposed to give it to this person, and them in particular?”  Sky put her hands out, “What do you know that I don’t?  I know there’s something.”
Troy looked up at the drifting snow, considering, “First off, you say there’s no harm in telling you.  I’m not entirely sure that’s true.  It’s not that I don’t trust you guys – I actually do – it’s just that if even a single one of you got captured, your knowledge of this information could ruin everything.  They could and would torture that information out of you, and then we’d be unable to threaten Dark any time soon, if ever.  Our greatest advantage, understand, is that of surprise.  The King doesn’t know that the Dark is in danger, and he won’t be thinking to protect it.  If it gets out that there’s a threat to the existence of the Dark, we may not see another opportunity in our lifetimes.  That’s why I don’t want to tell you.”
Sky frowned, He mentioned the King.  What does he have to do with any of this?  Does he have some sort of relationship with the Dark?  Is he for it or against it?  The way Troy talking, it seemed like the King stood in opposition to the Dream Syndicate because the Syndicate wanted to destroy the Dark, so she guessed by the same token the King wanted to protect it.  She couldn’t see why that would be, but before she could ask, Troy looked at her and continued speaking.
“Like I said, I don’t want to tell you, but I’m going to anyway.  One of my weaknesses, I guess you could say, is that I err on the side of trusting my friends, however risky that trust may be.”  Kiara shook her head to his left, “Too true.”  For her part, Sky was a bit surprised at the statement. Friends?  She hadn’t felt like they’d known the guy that long.  
Regardless, he continued, “So you may tell your crew what I’m about to tell you, but before you do that, you have to make them promise that they will protect this information with their lives, and that they will die if need be to defend it.  I’m not trying to be harsh, that’s just the reality of it.  It’s all we have – if it’s compromised, we’re done.  And that would be a disaster for the whole Dreamscape.”  Sky nodded, and so Troy took a deep breath, “OK.  Where to begin…”
“I guess I have to start with a bit of history.  It’s too long of a story to explain how I know what I know, but you can trust me that what I’m about to say is accurate.  You will have never heard it before, because our “heroic” King doesn’t want you, or anyone else in the Dreamscape, to know it.  Thankfully, since our founding of the Dream Syndicate to resist him, and our rise in the North, much of the North now knows his lies for what they are.  Decimader knows this, which may be the reason he largely leaves the North alone.  See, he knows that we understand his lies, and he doesn’t want that understanding to seep into the South.  That’s all he has left really.  He’s close – closer than you might imagine – to declaring open war on the whole North and marching his Imperial Army up here to try and subdue us by force.”  Sky snapped her head around in shock.  She hadn’t heard anything like that.  It really made her wonder.
What else don’t I know?
Troy raised a hand to his hair, a look of frustration in his eyes, “It’s been a real bear to deal with, you know, working against Decimader Vuruman while trying not to provoke him into crushing our people.  You won’t have noticed, living in the South, but the Dreamscape today is really split in two.  People didn’t used to consider there to be a concrete “North and South”, even though they are clearly divided by geography.  It didn’t used to be this way – that’s the first thing you need to understand.  In fact, nothing used to be this way at all.”
Troy took a deep breath and went on, looking off toward the southern horizon, “Again, you will never have heard this before, but this is the true history of this land that we live in.  Over a thousand years ago, and before that, what we know today as the Dreamscape was part of a much larger land mass in which multiple intelligent races, not just humans, lived and prospered.  Dreamcasting did exist back then, though it was the sole province of a creator race named the ‘Godra’, who, according to their history, were given this special power by a true deity – which they were not themselves.  They were simply a normal race, although they were the first one, which was given a unique power and mission.  They somehow ‘ascended’ – which I don’t understand – into another realm they called ‘Aether’, from which they used their Dreamcasting abilities to create plant and animal life, shape the world, and even create a handful of races just as intelligent and capable as themselves.  Dreamcasting must’ve been different back then, I guess, because it could create where none previously existed.  We know, of course, that it cannot do that anymore.”
Sky listened to the story, transfixed.  She opened her mouth to speak, a thousand questions on her mind, but clamped it shut and resolved to keep listening.  She would ask her questions at the end; she wanted Troy to keep going.
“Well, after who knows how many millennia of this system existing, it finally came to the brink of collapse.  Infighting and wars between the intelligent races of the main Godra families became nonstop, and bitter rivalries brewed between families.  The odd thing, however, is that an intra-family dispute brought the downfall of the whole system.  It all started when the heir to the throne of Vuru, the Godra family who created and ruled the human race, was passed over for the traditionally- inherited kingship by his father.  When his father chose the heir’s best friend for succession instead – apparently a member of a lower branch of the family, the Kuru – this young man went insane and killed both his father and his friend, taking kingship of the human race for himself, as he’d always imagined.”  Troy looked down at Sky. 
“This man’s name… was Decimader Vuruman.”
Sky wasn’t that surprised by the claim – she’d thought that was where this was going.  She wasn’t sure if any of this was true, but decided to reserve judgment until she knew better.  Maybe she could learn more in Glory.  It was the capital of the whole Dreamscape, after all.
Troy went on, “Yes, our King who calls himself ‘the Hero’ really got his throne by killing his family to get it.  He then created the Dreamscape, formerly a part of the larger world called Gaien, using whatever ancient Dreamcasting power he has to shield it off from the rest of the world.  I believe, though I cannot confirm, that his power is the Dark.  If we can destroy that, we can destroy his reign, and finally free the human race from the tyranny and lies we’ve been subjected to.”  Troy finished speaking and glared south in the direction of the capital city to which they were headed.  
Sky was silent for a good minute, not sure what to say.  “Even if what you say is true”, she began slowly, “what does this have to do with us taking the Dreamcatcher to Seth and Iri?”
Troy nodded, “Right, that.  Well, just know that this Godra race made an initial contract – with whatever deity gave them the Dreamcasting power – to give the power up after a certain period of time.  When the time came, they would undergo a certain process that I don’t understand which creates an ‘Heir’ of each Godra – a physical reincarnation of themselves in the mortal race their family ruled, to be born at some indeterminate time after they die.  This was supposed to be the end of the Godra race, and their transition back into mortality through the races they’d created.  Well, Decimader believes that his friend, whom he killed for power, had created his Heir before his own death, meaning a human will be born at some point in the Dreamscape that is the reincarnation of Decimader’s own friend.  Decimader fears that reincarnation will come to avenge his death in his prior life, and take power away from him again.”  Troy shook his head in disdain.  
“Decimader also believes that there is a pair of Dreamcasters destined to find and destroy this Heir, and believes he has now finally found them.  They are currently in the capital as we speak.  However, we know that there are in fact two Heirs of importance – Decimader’s friend, and Decimader’s own Heir, which was created without him knowing it.  You see, Decimader was supposed to die long ago, but he didn’t because he is somehow able to preserve his Godra body in the Dreamscape he created.  But his Heir was created anyway on schedule, and we believe both of these Heirs to be living in the Dreamscape today.  These two have the only chance, per our source, of using this Dreamcatcher object to destroy the Dark.  Apparently, it’s something only Godra Heirs can do, though I’m not sure why this could be.”
“The important part is, we believe that the same two Dreamcasters the King thinks will destroy the one Heir he believes exists, are actually the two Heirs we’re looking for.  Weird, right?  But, our sources say it’s true, so… right now we’re heading South to meet Seth, Iri, and the one who is our source for all this information – whose name I can’t reveal, sorry – as well as these two Dreamcasters to see if they can destroy the Dark with this Dreamcatcher as we hoped.”
Troy looked down at Sky, smiling, “I can’t tell you the Dreamcasters names, as it would be especially dangerous if anyone in your crew gets captured, which is unfortunately possible.  I will say, however, that I think you may be in for a pleasant surprise, if my sources are anything to go by.”
Sky looked at the tall young man riding straight-backed on his war horse, “Pleasant surprise… what, I’m supposed to believe that I’m involved in all this?”
Troy laughed, “More than you know, Sky.  More than you know.”


Chapter Forty-Three
As the red sun finally sank below the western horizon, Lyght sat up, exhaling.  He looked over at Mikael sitting on the balcony.  They were outside of Lyght’s room, looking out over the channel and setting sun as they waited for the right time.  Lyght dropped a hand into his pocket, pulling out the small tied-up scroll a messenger had brought earlier.  Lyaness hadn’t brought the note from the King, as she usually did.  No, both Lyght and Mikael had been surprised to hear knocks on their doors shortly after arriving back from their last day of training, revealing a trio of Legends.  They had delivered each of them this note, which Lyght opened now and skimmed his eyes over again, trying to see if he could glean anything else from it.

Lyght,

In regards to the offer the First Legend made you, it is time that we get that mission underway – if you’re still inclined to help.  When the sun sets this evening, I would like very much for you and your friend Mikael to come up to the top floor of Triumph – the guard will bring you up – so that I can debrief you on the details of this mission.  Come fully armed, please, in your Legion uniforms and the armor they’ve given you.  This mission may possibly involve use of force – though if it goes smoothly, you two won’t have to do any open fighting.  I’d still like you to be prepared, however.  I’ll fill you in much more when you get here.

My regards, and I’ll see you then. 

Decimader Vuruman, King of the Dreamscape

Lyght and Mikael had only needed to wait just over an hour for the sun to set, and they sat out now on Lyght’s balcony in full armor – such as they had, anyway – complete with the Legion capes they wore as class leaders.  In addition to the sword the Legion had given him strapped across his back, Lyght kept a duo of knives strapped at either hip, with a smaller knife hidden in his right boot.
Armed as he was, Lyght was still nervous about whatever mission the King was going to ask them to complete.  Sure, Lyght had fought with his peers in training, but always with blunted weapons in practice sessions.  The King had said in the note that the mission wasn’t likely to come to force, but if it did… Lyght guessed he’d have to use his training to protect himself and Mikael.  He wasn’t too worried about that – he was a Dreamcaster after all.  No… he just had to wonder about what he was going to be asked to do.  He wasn’t going to be asked to kill somebody, would he?  Lyght wasn’t sure if he was ready for that.  Of course, he was excited with the prospect of joining the Legion once this mission was completed, but he still wished he knew what he was walking into.
Mikael didn’t seem too worried, however.  He jumped off the balcony rail he’d been sitting on with that mischievous grin that Lyght knew all-to-well.  The one that said he was about to really enjoy this; and he knew it.  Lyght tucked the note back into his pocket and stood up, stretching.  Mikael took a step forward, placing his hands on either of Lyght’s shoulders, “So, are you ready?  It’s our time.”  Lyght looked his friend in the eyes and, trying to seem confident, nodded.  He must’ve pulled it off, but Mikael drew back shaking his head.  “You look ready enough, but not that excited.  I mean, you know what this means right?  If we’re successful here, our dreams are going to finally come true.  You know… the ones we came all the way here for?”  
Lyght opened his mouth, about to speak his reservations to his friend, but closed it at the last second.  He smiled with an effort, “Yeah… yeah you’re right.  I’m worrying too much, as usual.  We always wanted it to be our time, but I don’t think either of us thought it’d come to this… mission or whatever they want us to do.  Well, regardless, I’m ready.  Let’s do this.”  For once, Lyght flipped the roles and stretched out a fist as Mikael was wont to do, and Mikael met it smiling, “That’s what I want to hear.  Let’s…”  Mikael jumped up onto the balcony, nodded his head towards Triumph, and jumped off, cloak flying, “GO!”  Lyght sighed.  
He couldn’t just take the stairs?  
Lyght jumped off anyway, the deep blue Legion cloak flying behind him.  Despite himself, he felt a rush of adrenaline as he plummeted the few stories to the cobbled street below.  Wrenching back his right hand a little harder than he needed to, Lyght reversed gravity for himself and Mikael as he fell below, slowing them to a manageable speed as they fell to the ground and hit it running.  
In their Legion cloaks and armor, it was pretty clear to the bystanders on the street that the pair of them were Dreamcasters, so they generally made a clear path for Lyght and Mikael as they ran headlong towards the sparkling diamond tower in the center of the city.  Technically, they didn’t need to run, but Lyght could feel the same energy by now that he was sure Mikael was feeling.  Adrenaline pumping through his veins, he welcomed the heightened sense of focus and intensity that moving at this speed brought.  He really did feel confident now – it wasn’t just words.
Lyght looked up at the darkening sky as they neared Triumph, and noted with interest that a storm seemed to be coming.  He didn’t think that would interfere with their mission, but then again he still didn’t know what they were going to be doing.
Lyght knew he’d find out quickly enough, however, as they reached Triumph and headed towards the lifts as usual.  This time, there was a Legend standing by the lift on the ground floor who was apparently waiting for them, for he nodded to them and escorted them into the lift, placing an odd black crystal on the button for floor ninety-seven, lighting it up.  The doors slid shut and within seconds they began to rise rapidly.  
As the lift rose, Lyght tried to catch his breath and prepare for his second meeting with the King.  Trying to straighten his dark hair, messed up by the wind outside, Lyght grasped at his belt for a second for his helm which was strapped at the small of his back.  He decided against it, however.  Would it be viewed as rude to wear that to a meeting with the King?  He thought so, although the First Legend had worn a full helm during their meeting, so Lyght couldn’t be sure.  
The lift finally stopped after a minute, and the Legend stepped out, motioning for Lyght and Mikael to follow.  They walked behind him through a rich hallway made of some deep reddish-brown wood Lyght didn’t recognize.  Ornately decorated with rose gold veins cutting through the wood – in addition to gem-encrusted pillars that spiraled up to the ceiling a few dozen feet above – it was a display of grandeur like Lyght had never seen, in Glory or otherwise.  This was, clearly, the hallway of a King.
They took a left behind the Legend into a smaller hallway that contained a retinue of guards headed by a pair of Legends with tall, wicked-looking halberds that projected Lyght’s reflection back at him.  They were the two biggest Legends he’d ever seen, outside of Lyn.  As soon as they saw their comrade escorting Lyght and Mikael, they nodded at the regular guards to open a huge black double door into a room beyond.  Lyght and Mikael entered as the doors were swung shut behind them.  
It didn’t take Lyght long to find the King standing off to the left, looking out of the floor-to-ceiling diamond wall doubling as a window.  A quick glance around the comfy-looking room revealed it to be some kind of office, prominently featuring the same wood as out in the hallway, complete with a large, ancient-looking desk and massive collection of books on shelves all around.  
The King, hearing them and seeing their reflection, turned and spread his arms out, “Ah, Lyght and Mikael.  Welcome to my study, where I spend much of my day when I am not out doing things in the city.  Which, admittedly, is not so much anymore.  But enough of that – have a seat, and we’ll get to business.  I’ll try not to keep you long.”
The King of the Dreamscape flexed his right hand and made a quick pulling motion with it, dragging out a pair of chairs from beside the desk over to Lyght and Mikael for them to sit in.  Lyght glanced at the King with interest and sat down, waiting for the King to speak first. 
So he is a Dreamcaster…
Lyght supposed he shouldn’t have been surprised.  After all, the stories in villages like Kona were that the King had created Dreamcasting.  Lyght didn’t know about that, but it seemed like a no-brainer that the most powerful person in the Dreamscape would have the long-revered power.  The Legion, after all, did serve him.  It made Lyght wonder just how powerful he was, especially with centuries to hone his skills. 
After a moment of thought, Decimader Vuruman turned from his contemplation of the city below to look back at Lyght and Mikael.  He smiled, glancing at their armor and weapons, “Looking good, guys.  This is your first mission, I know, but once you join the Legion, things like this will become routine.  You’ll get over the nervousness of it all, and it will be exciting even.”
Lyght just knew Mikael was going to break in here, and of course he did, “I’m not nervous!  I’m ready to do it, whatever it is.”  The King raised his eyebrows, “Confidence is good.  And while I’m sure you two will be fine on this mission, talented as you are, you’ll still want to be careful to execute it exactly as ordered.  This mission isn’t extremely difficult, but it is actually important, even by Legion standards.  I…”
Somewhat to Lyght’s chagrin, Mikael cut the King off again, “How come you’re selecting us to do this mission, then?  Didn’t you say in that note you gave me at our meeting that only Lyght and I could complete this mission?  If it’s really important, why have amateurs do it?  And if it’s not that hard, how can it be as important to the Dreamscape as you claim?”  Lyght frowned as he listened to his friend speak.  Mikael did make some good points.
Lyght was, however, relieved to see that the King didn’t look angered by Mikael’s interruption.  Decimader Vuruman smiled at Mikael, “All good questions.  And now I will explain the mission to you – the details, the importance of it, the rationale, and everything I know.  Hopefully that will answer all your questions.”  Lyght was thankful to see Mikael nod, content to listen.  The King nodded to himself, glancing toward the window, “Hmmm… where to begin?”
“Well, like I said in that invitation I gave you, this mission is of the utmost importance to the Dreamscape.  Here’s why – simply put, what I’m going to do is ask you to capture and bring to me two very significant individuals; likely Dreamcasters like you two.  I have, just a few hours ago, obtained a… source which has allowed me to discover these individuals’ specific location, and funnily enough, it’s right near Glory.  Lucky, right?”
“Anyway, the reason I don’t think this will be all that dangerous for you guys is that you’re both very skilled right now for your age level, and what I’d like you to do is fairly easy to execute if done right.  I’d like you to set up an ambush in a location where these two individuals believe they will be meeting with other colleagues of theirs.  Their guard will be down for the most part, and they will be expecting pleasant company, not attack.  It should not be overly difficult to catch them by surprise, knock them out and bring them back here.  They should be alone.  Now…”
The King strode over to his cluttered desk, unearthing a yellowish map of Glory and the surrounding area.  He grabbed a pen and drew a star on the map, “This location here is what we call the ‘first spire’ of the Central Bridge.  It is, simply enough, the first and closest to Glory of the soaring towers that dot the bridge every few miles or so, all the way across the channel.  It should be easy enough for you two to head on over there after this, and set up an ambush in the tower for the approaching two targets.  They are supposed to arrive at midnight, so you should have a couple hours to set up your plan and prepare yourself once you arrive.”
“Essentially, they believe they will be meeting their colleagues on the bridge below there at exactly midnight.  So you spring your trap, knock them out – however you need to do it – and bring them to me.  You cannot, and I emphasize this point to the highest degree, you cannot kill them.  If you absolutely have to, flee and we will train you up more to defeat them later.  It’s the only way.  You should be fine though – I believe in you.”  
Lyght felt a swoosh of elation at this compliment from the King, but he couldn’t help but wonder about something.  Mikael voiced the concern, “But again, why us?  Why can’t you have other Legion members, more experienced than us, take them out?  You said these individuals are a huge threat to the Dreamscape, right?”
The King nodded slowly, then walked over to look out the window, standing there for so long that Lyght almost thought he didn’t want to talk to them anymore.  Finally, however, he turned back to look at the pair of them, “Alright.  I’ll tell you the details, because you deserve to know.  The names of these two individuals are Troy and Kiara.  They are none other than two of the leaders of the Dream Syndicate, a highly criminal organization who the Legion has worked to destroy since they popped up about five years ago.  This organization wants to destroy the Dreamscape, and they need to be stopped.  It’s complicated; but just know that the first two Dreamcasters out of Hope – you guys – this is what you were foretold to destroy.  They’re a huge threat to the survival Dreamscape, and I’ve finally tracked their location down for the first time ever.”
“So, you understand, it’s got to be you guys.  Believe me; it seems crazy to me that, with the whole Legion and me here, a pair of unproven eighteen-year-old Dreamcasters were the ones always destined to perform such a heroic feat for the whole Dreamscape.  But there you have it – it’s you guys.  It always has been.  Are you ready?”
Lyght sat there simmering inside as the King revealed all this, remembering his conversations with Seth and Lyn.  Apparently he’d been misled about the Dream Syndicate.  He’d never really believed in them anyway, had he?  He’d always known it was them anyway, them that…
He shook his head.  No time to think about that now.  Lyght glanced over at Mikael, who was already looking at him.  They exchanged a nod, and Lyght looked up into his King’s eyes.
“We’re ready, sir.  We won’t let you down.”


Chapter Forty-Four
Silence reigned for a few moments as Seth stared at the screen with Troy and Kiara’s faces on it, set in front of a background of the massive Central Bridge that spanned the entire channel.  Rain sprinkled where Troy and Kiara were, but did not reach far enough south to affect Seth and Iri’s location in Glory.  It did look like it was going to storm soon here in the massive capital city, but that was not what Seth was most concerned about at the moment.  He couldn’t help but cross his room behind him, over to his window to open the drapes, ensuring no one was coming outside.  He also looked through the peephole of his locked door down the hallway.  It didn’t seem like anyone was coming for them.  Yet.
Seth could see Iri looked just as worried as he felt, for Troy had just broken the terrible news to them. Lyn, the longtime friend of the Dream Syndicate and informer from inside the Legion itself, possibly the most passionate person in the Dreamscape about wanting to see the Dark destroyed, had been captured by Decimader Vuruman.  Seth couldn’t see how the King had discovered that the Academy teacher was a double agent, or how he’d actually been able to capture the powerful Dreamcaster.  Seth thought he must’ve tricked him – Lyn was bound to heed the King’s call as his servant in the Legion.  Maybe the King had overwhelmed Lyn and captured him that way.  
Whatever had happened, all Seth knew was that the mission was in serious danger now.  What if the plan was given away?  How would they ever get that Dreamcatcher object to the Heirs?  If the King found out there was not one, but two Heirs in his capital city, they would never live to see the light of day again.  And the mission of the Dream Syndicate – to destroy the Dark once and for all – would be finished.  There would be no end in sight to Decimader Vuruman’s reign.
Before either of them could say anything, Kiara jumped in, “No, we don’t know how he was captured.  The news it shocked us too.  I know that the King capturing Lyn in particular seems like a huge coincidence, but it doesn’t seem like Decimader actually knows who Lyn is.  Or so Lyn has told us, anyway.”
Seth breathed a huge sigh of relief – it would be a complete disaster if the King did know Lyn’s real identity, though it seemed hard to believe Decimader would elect to capture him if he didn’t understand the real connection.  But maybe the King had somehow uncovered a line of communication between the Dream Syndicate leaders and Lyn, or somehow otherwise discovered that Lyn was a double agent working in conjunction with the Dream Syndicate.  It made a world of difference whether the King took him on that general premise, or whether he had real suspicions about the Heirs (or single Heir, as he thought) and thought Lyn was involved with that whole issue.  If not, Lyn was a good deal safer, as Seth couldn’t see how Decimader could get that information out of Lyn, considering who he was.  Who both of them were.  
The King would still, in the best case scenario, try to investigate Lyn to determine where his Dream Syndicate connections where hiding, in the hope of finding and eliminating them.  Seth, Iri, Troy, and Kiara would just have to stay a step ahead of them.  Seth’s hand flexed in anticipation as he looked forward to wrapping this conversation up and leaving the capital city.  It wasn’t really safe for them both to be here anymore.  
Iri raised her head and asked a question that Seth hadn’t thought about, “Wait.  You said ‘Or so Lyn has told us’.  Do you somehow have contact with him, even though he’s been captured?”  Troy spoke up this time, running a hand through his long brown hair and looking frustrated, confused, and tired at the same time.  He still kept his usual air of command though as he looked at Iri through the shimmering screen, violet eyes looking worried and determined all at once.
“Well, sorry about this, but this wasn’t something I was supposed to talk about unless the worst happened, which it now has.  Years ago, Lyn came to me and handed me a rolled-up scroll.  He had me place my hand on it and channel my unique spirit fingerprint into the seal, preserving it under a kind of ‘lock’ that apparently only I can open.  He told me to only open the scroll if he was somehow captured or killed by the King – which he did say back then was highly unlikely, but… well, as you know, our sources in Glory alerted us today that it had happened.  That he’s been captured.  It’s funny, it’s almost like he knew this would happen…”
Troy trailed off for a few moments before shaking his head, “Sorry, got distracted.  I really need to catch up on sleep.  Well, anyway…”  Troy took a deep breath, and exhaled, “I opened the scroll, and it told me a lot of stuff we didn’t know before.  Crucial information Lyn had to leave us if he was somehow captured or killed.  Here”, Troy held up a scroll with tiny black handwriting scrawled across its face, “I’ll read it to you guys.  You should know what it says.  He’d want you to know.”  Troy flipped the paper around and began to read in a heavy voice.

Troy,

If you’re reading this, I’m sure it’s because I’ve been captured or killed, unfortunately.  If I’ve been killed, well, it was great knowing you all, but I’m not going to get all sentimental here, because it seems highly unlikely to me that the ‘King’ would have found a way to kill me.  Almost impossible, even.  But things happen.  If I’ve been captured, don’t try to free me.  It’s too dangerous.  I have ways to do it on my own if need be.  You guys have more important stuff to be working on.
Which brings me to the main subject of this letter.  Due to the realities of what could happen were this information to fall into the wrong hands – if one of you were to be captured, that is – I have been forced to leave out some of what I know concerning how to destroy the Dark.  I speak of this in this letter since I’m not around, for the time being, to guide you.  I think you may very well need the assistance. 
First of all – if you’re still searching for the ‘scared object’ I talked about, find it.  None of this can be accomplished without it.  That should be the first objective.
Second of all, if you do have the object, and you do know where the Heirs are by now, then remember I’ve told you all we need to do is unite the object with the Heirs and let them do the rest of the work.  This is not the whole truth.  This needs to happen in an exact location as well – specifically, in the ‘apex’ of the tower of Triumph in Glory.  You see, the Dark is actually focused there, and so that is the point to destroy its source and cut off the flow.  Without the constant flow, the Dark will eventually dissipate.
Unfortunately, I don’t exactly know what you need to do up there in Triumph to destroy the Dark, but I do know in theory that the object plus the Heirs are prerequisites to destroying it.  I’ll have to leave it up to your bravery and intuition to figure it out.  I trust that you, Kiara, Seth, and Iri can do it.
So the apex, above the top floor of the tower, is the place to go.  I’ve never gotten up there – no one has outside of the King, probably – but I trust you all to find a way.

That’s all I can do at this point, right?  Trust you?  I think I’ll do that.

Good luck, I believe in you guys,
Lyn

Troy finished reading and looked up, “So, there you have it.  We need to get the Dreamcatcher to the Heirs on top of the tower of Triumph.  If ever I’ve heard of a tall order, that’s it.  We were planning to meet Lyn at the first spire at midnight tonight – and we should still reach that point about on time – but obviously that’s not going to happen.  So we’ll have to meet up with you guys first, and then we’ll definitely need your help to track down the Heirs.”
Iri nodded, “Unfortunately, it might be a bit difficult to find them right now.  I know they’re supposed to go on some weird ‘mission’ or something for the King soon, although they won’t talk about it much.  Hopefully they won’t have left yet, because we really do need to find them.  It’s dangerous to be in this city as it is right now.  But apparently we need to stay at least until we can get into Triumph…”  
Seth nodded.  She was absolutely right, this was a very tricky situation they’d suddenly found themselves in.  He’d heard about Mikael and Lyght going on this “mission” too, from Lyght, but hadn’t heard any real details about what it entailed.
Seth unscrolled a piece of paper from the spot on his gauntlet, and wrote a quick question on it, handing it to Iri to read aloud.  She raised her eyebrows and looked to Troy and Kiara on the screen, “He was wondering whether the existence of this ‘mission’ means the Heirs have been corrupted to the King’s side.  That definitely is a concern.”  
Troy puts his hands out, “No way to know for sure, is there?  I mean, I would say it’s unlikely that they’re completely in with the King, considering the work Seth and Lyn did introducing them to the Dream Syndicate and our mission; but they definitely seem to be leaning the Legion’s way.  That shouldn’t come as a surprise to us – after all, their whole goal is to join the Legion.  However, they also planned to destroy the Dark themselves in the first place, and that’s the basis on which we need to align ourselves with them.  We need to find them now, first of all, and then get to work on bringing them around to our side.  We’ll have to tell them everything – all of the information about the Dreamscape’s history and what the Dark really is, to convert them over.  But I think we can do it.”
His twin Kiara nodded next to him, “They are the Heirs, after all.  Lyn’s always known something that we haven’t; I’ve always believed that.  He just knows the Heirs are going to be the ones to destroy the Dark.  How he knows, I have no idea.  But I believe in him; because he’s the only one, outside of Decimader himself, who truly knows the way things were before.  That has to count as something.”
Seth nodded and looked down.  He wanted to have the same hope too, but well… he could at least say he did trust in Troy, and Kiara, and Iri.  Even if he felt he didn’t know Lyn that well, he knew that his friends trusted the man, and he trusted their judgment.  They’d built this whole movement together, and he couldn’t balk on the way forward now that they were so close.  No, it was time he put his fear aside and just go for it.
As Seth was thinking, Iri was still looking at Troy and Kiara, “Just be safe, okay?  Has it occurred to you that now that Decimader has Lyn, he might know Lyn was supposed to meet you at the first spire?  I don’t want to believe Lyn would crack either, but…”  
Troy nodded his head firmly, “Yeah, we know.  And we’ll be ready when we cross that part of the bridge tonight.  We’re going to hurry up from here, try and get there a little bit early.  We’ll scout it out, and play it safe it we have to.”
Seth and Iri nodded, and Iri pulled the pen out of its sheath at her waist to erase the screen in a minute.  “That sounds like a plan guys.  Stay safe tonight, and we’ll try and meet up with you, say, northwest of the Zone tomorrow?  Look for a stand of maple on the banks of the channel, a stone’s throw away from the Zone.  No one should see us there.”
Troy nodded, “Will do.”  He glanced over at his twin sister, looking exhausted, but looked back at the screen smiling, “I have to say, I’m looking forward to seeing you guys again.  I really –” Troy stopped all of a sudden, his violet eyes growing wide as he stared off past Seth and Iri.  He jumped up all of a sudden, “Guys!  Look out behind y–”
Suddenly, Seth felt the weight of the world – a crushing, icy cold thunderbolt – slam down upon his head, battering his ravaged body into the ground, broken.  Seth tried to get up and defend himself, but his skull felt pulverized, in bits that grinded against each other at the slightest movement.  He yelled out in pain as his vision flashed black and red.  A sea of deep blue flashed across his vision before the rip tide grabbed him, yanking him away, away, away…
No… 
Seth’s vision flashed sickeningly.  Blue.  Indigo.
Black.


Chapter Forty-Five
Lightning flashed through the thick layers of swirling clouds above as night fell.  A Dark night was coming, and indigo was turning swiftly to black as the swirling black matter in the sky crept towards the horizon, trembling as it prepared to drop down and choke the night with its suffocating dark mass.  The air smelled of rain as a strangely calm wind blew out of the west, foretelling a massive storm that already blotted out the horizon with massive, anvil-shaped thunderheads – like giant black cathedrals in the sky.  The last vestiges of the day’s light barely illuminated the storm in the west, fading fast into oblivion as the Dark night approached.  It was only a matter of time now.
Lyght crouched, hidden, in a small stone room high in the reaches of the first spire of the massive Central Bridge.  Made of dark steel with soaring stone battlements and towers, the bridge “spires” doubled as a kind of fortress that shielded the capital city of Glory from any possible attackers.  Not that any attack was likely – for it would be almost impossible for invaders to cross the bridge, a few days worth of travel, with these fortresses dotting its length every few miles.  
Lyght was prepared, however, for a battle of sorts as he stared through the narrow arrow slit in the soaring tower.  Dressed in full armor with his helm on now, Lyght crouched next to Mikael and looked down at the bridge where the two leaders of the Dream Syndicate, their targets, would soon be arriving.  They were supposed to show up at midnight, to meet with someone who wouldn’t be showing up, as it turned out.  Decimader been tipped-off about the meeting somehow or other, and the two criminals would meet a vastly different welcome instead; an ambush from two fully armed Dreamcasters.  They wouldn’t be expecting it, and they would fall under the onslaught; just as the King intended.  They would be captured, and presumably brought to the King for judgment.  And of course, Lyght and Mikael would be inducted into the Legion for their achievement.
It all seems so simple when I think of it like that.  But…
Lyght turned to Mikael, about to voice some of his concerns, but his friend cut him off by clapping him on the shoulder, “None of that right now.  We got this.  Dreamcasters or not, we have the advantage of surprise on them.  They won’t hear us coming from up here.  We’ll go right down the third floor when we see them, just as we’ve planned, and jump down behind them to immediately take them out.  If we use all our spirit in one strike, as Lyn taught us, there is absolutely no way they can protect themselves in time.  Remember what Lyn said in training?”
Lyght nodded, “The Dreamcaster who strikes first, wins.”
“Well there you go”, Mikael said, “you and I both know that we’re prepared for this.  And if it comes to a fight, which I can’t see how it will, we have the advantage of chemistry and teamwork ‘cause we’ve always known each other.  We’ll be fine.  And anyway, it won’t come to that.  Like I said, we’ve got this.”  He held out an armored fist, still on one knee, and Lyght met it, feeling a bit more confident.  Lyght never had understood it, but his friend always had a way of talking to him that made him feel more encouraged.  While Lyght considered himself a confident enough person, he always enjoyed the fresh optimism his friend could bring, even to the direst of situations.
It was only a few short minutes until the Dark finally fell, obscuring the visibility significantly as they remained watching up in the tower.  Almost-blindingly bright, burning lights clicked on all over the exterior of the tower as soon as it hit midnight, and it was just enough to maintain a dim view on the bridge surface below – albeit not for more than twenty feet or so.  Lyght kept his eyes peeled for any movement, watching the bridge surface below.  When their targets approached, Lyght and Mikael would have to place their attack just right to ensure the targets stayed in their line of sight.  Lyght waited, and waited – waiting for their enemies’ approach at midnight.
Speaking of which…
It was a few minutes past midnight now, Lyght realized, frowning.  He couldn’t see much below, but he could see enough to realize that the two Dream Syndicate leaders were not where they were supposed to be.  Lyght glanced over to Mikael, a little surprised to see a bit of concern etched upon his face as well, “I guess they’re late?  They were supposed to be here at exactly midnight, right?”  Mikael nodded, thinking.
After a few moments of silence, Mikael stood up, armor groaning slightly in the silence of the tower, “We need to move.  If they are late, they will see that their man is not here as they approach, and might decide to retreat.  We’ll move over to the next platform, fifty feet or so to the north, so we’ll see them before they see their spot is empty.”  
Lyght nodded, “Good idea”, so they ducked out of the small room they were in, headed down the hallway, and jumped out of a window onto the thick dark steel beam that ran down the length of the bridge, a good hundred feet in the air.  Careful to keep his balance in the low visibility, Lyght crept along beside Mikael to the nearest “platform”, a small rectangular structure of dark steel that connected the beams of the bridge.  There was barely enough room for both of them to crouch on it, so Lyght balanced carefully, toes of his right foot dangling over the edge, and waited.  Waited for their enemies to approach.  Watched, and waited.
And waited…
Over ten minutes had passed when Mikael finally spoke up in a whisper, “Lyght, I–”
He didn’t get to finish, as Lyght felt more than heard a sudden swooping above them.  Lyght immediately turned, reaching for the hilt of his sword behind him.  He caught a glimpse of a large, dark silhouette falling towards him as he lost his balance from the sharp turn, tipping and falling off the small platform with a startled yell.  Collecting himself quickly, he cast his eyes around and saw Mikael was indeed falling as well.  Lyght concentrated for a moment and flexed his hand, yanking his arm up suddenly to reverse gravity a touch and slow their fall.  They remained in free fall, albeit a slowed one, and so Lyght still hit the ground rolling, grunting in pain as the heavy armor cut into his side.  Despite the pain, Lyght rolled to his feet immediately, readying his spirit for use and ripping his sword out of its sheath.  As he pivoted back towards the dark steel beams of the bridge, his eyes grew wide as he saw it.
Like a silver bolt of lightning, a wickedly curved sword was falling towards him where he kneeled, aiming directly between his eyes.  Lyght didn’t even have time to cry out as he saw the death blow fall, his life flashing before his eyes.  Lyght ducked reflexively, squeezing his eyes shut.
And then it hit.
Yelling out in pain, Lyght was blasted backwards by what had to be a spirit-boosted blow.  After a wild few seconds tumbling end over end in blinding pain, Lyght came crashing to a stop dozens of feet away, every bone in his body protesting from the sudden attack.  Lyght hissed and brought a hand up to his collarbone as he felt a vicious pulsing there.  He supposed he must have intuitively lowered his head from the strike, causing the blow to land on his armored shoulder.  He jumped up, growling at the pain, knowing how lucky he’d just gotten.  He was not at all surprised to see his opponent charging again.  This time, Lyght was ready.
Remembering his training, Lyght snapped his elbows up and brought his sword into a standard diagonal guard position just in time as the enemy slammed his curved weapon into Lyght’s, sparks flying as metal met metal – producing a sudden screaming in the otherwise silent night.  Lyght immediately sent Dreamcasting spirit burning through the muscles in his right arm, trying to come off the parry with an attack of his own, but his opponent responded in kind and met Lyght’s blade as it was cutting towards his knees, sending sharp clang ringing out across the bridge, cloaked in mist and darkness.  Lyght stoked his spirit to full power and threw his weight against his enemy’s guard, trying to knock him off balance to give himself the upper hand.  After sliding backward for a second, however, his enemy set his feet and pushed right back – hard.  Lyght was suddenly hard pressed to keep his balance, and realized now for sure what he’d suspected from the beginning.
This guy is a Dreamcaster.  
Lyght finally got a good look at the guy’s face as they stood locked in combat, and he immediately knew who he was.  He’d suspected it ever since the initial attack.  Lyght didn’t know how, but the enemy had somehow managed to ambush them; the ones who were supposed to be the ones setting up an ambush in the first place.  Lyght stared into the guys face, recognizing who he was from the description the King had given him, as general as it had been.
Troy, the leader of the Dream Syndicate.
Lyght could see it immediately from the burning violet eyes, if nothing else.  The leader of the Dream Syndicate was surprisingly young – early-twenties or so, not much older than Lyght and Mikael.  He looked elegant, noble, and deadly all at once in wicked-looking black armor with purple accents that matched the color in his eyes.  For some weird reason, he smiled as the two struggled against each other, swords locked in combat, “Dreamcaster, huh?  Work for the King, I’d guess?”  
Lyght didn’t answer, just focused on trying to outmaneuver his opponent.  It wasn’t working.  Lyght gritted his teeth and narrowed his eyes – not only was this guy highly expert at controlling his spirit, he was very naturally strong and fast.  Almost at Lyn’s level.  Lyght wasn’t bad himself, but right now it was all he could do just to keep himself alive.  He lashed his sword out in frustration, trying to confuse his opponent with the odd arcing angle, but Troy met it easily, still smiling.
Come on! This guy’s way too good.  At this rate…
“No”, Troy shook his head, “even if you do, I doubt you’ll tell me anything.  You Southerners can be annoyingly dismissive of us Northerners, I’ve found.  Well, your mistake.”  Troy shifted his sword suddenly downwards and Lyght had to bend down a little to meet it; in a disadvantageous position now.  Lyght gritted his teeth in frustration, still doing all he could just to hold off his opponent, as the Dream Syndicate leader continued pushing hard against Lyght’s guard.  
Troy continued speaking, “Sorry, but I have to take you out.  That’s just life.  Blame your King, not me.  I have nothing against you – I really don’t – but I can’t let potential assassins live.  Bad for our business, you see.”  
Lyght glared at Troy in annoyance and decided to take a gamble; using the last move in his hand-to-hand combat arsenal that he thought had the slightest chance of working against this guy.  Jumping back a half-step with practiced speed and spinning on a dime, Lyght expertly used his spirit to execute a tricky spin-attack move he’d worked on after-hours in training, trying to catch Troy in the side and use an extra burst of spirit to cut through his armor like butter.  He’d mastered the move by now, and gotten just the right combination of lightning-fast speed and power down to the point where he could execute the attack in under a second, taking out just about anybody, even a Dreamcaster in most cases.  It had definitely worked on just about everyone at the Academy – with the notable exception of Seth and Iri, who annoyingly found ways to dodge or block it.  The move was one of the most lethal in Lyght’s arsenal; in terms of physical attacks anyway.  Lyght smiled a little, knowing his opponent had made a mistake by talking during a battle.  He hoped it’d cost him here.
As he came around from his pivot and leveled his sword for the strike, Lyght suddenly felt like he’d hit a brick wall as his opponent met his attack with impossible speed, even by any Dreamcasting standards Lyght had seen, and drove the point of his curved sword right at Lyght’s abdomen.  Lyght had a moment to realize that, again, his life was in danger.  He couldn’t –
The attack slammed home with the force of a thunderbolt as Lyght went to his knees, feeling his ribs crack.  He coughed up blood, vision flashing dangerously, on the verge of blacking out.  Heedless of his injury, Lyght fake fell forward towards the ground, before lashing out at Troy’s feet in a sudden burst of speed and fury.  The Dream Syndicate leader jumped alarmingly fast, coming down on top of Lyght’s sword, an easy expression on his face.  He kicked Lyght’s right hand with a boot, crushing it even through the gauntlet, and proceeded to kick Lyght’s sword up into his hand.  A smile crossed Troy’s face as he caught the sword, flinging it behind him, well out of Lyght’s reach.
Lyght froze, shocked at his sudden defeat.  Weaponless, and without the ability to manipulate spirit through his right hand, he was dead in the water.  Vision still flashing with pain, Lyght reached with his left hand towards one of the knives at his belt, but Troy knocked it away with a careless hand, sending the blade spinning across the bridge floor, where it came to a stop about twenty feet away.  Through the sudden silence, Lyght could hear another yell as another combatant got hurt.  He couldn’t see him, but he knew the voice well enough.
Mikael.
With a sudden motion, Lyght staggered to his feet and tried to get around his opponent – vaguely thinking about retrieving his sword and helping Mikael, who was also apparently under attack.  The plan never really had a chance of working however, as Troy flashed over in a second to block his path.  Lyght snapped toward him and tried to take him by surprise, sending an armored fist flying at the guy’s face.  Troy dodged easily, and flashed forward almost faster than Lyght could see, dropping him – hard – with a straight right to the jaw.  Stars flew in Lyght’s vision, and he fell in a blinding sea of pain and blood to the cold bridge below.
As he hit the ground this time, Lyght knew he wasn’t getting up.  He tried, every bone in his body screaming in protest, but was barely able to lift himself two inches off the ground before collapsing back with a gasp of pain.  He looked up into the face of his enemy standing over him as Troy shook his head.
The leader of the Dream Syndicate spoke to him, almost sounding sorry, “Look, I don’t know who you are.  I’m all about treating people with respect, but to be honest, I have no respect for lowly assassins such as yourselves.  Especially ones who work for the King.  If you didn’t kill people for money, I would probably feel bad about doing this to you.”
Killing people for money?  Assassins?  What is he talking about?
Lyght didn’t have the breath to respond, however.  He was painfully aware of his cracked rib cage, in addition to his multitude of other injuries.  Troy shook his head and placed the tip of his sword, point down, over Lyght’s heart.  Lyght’s eyes grew wide as he realized the trouble he was in.  There was no time to react, however, as the Dream Syndicate leader only had one more thing to say.
“See you in the next life, I guess.”
Troy raised his sword with an awful finality, and plunged it back towards Lyght’s heart.  Lyght closed his eyes and recoiled, waiting for the end…
But it never came.
He thought he heard a yell, and Lyght opened his eyes, still dangerously close to blacking out.  He saw Troy backing away, clutching a wound in his side, stumbling before a sudden onslaught from a massive figure in blue.  The Dream Syndicate leader was taking hits left and right from a great white blade in the hands of the attacker, who stood on the bridge in the sudden, blowing rain in full armor but with no helm.  As the fight spun towards Lyght, barely conscious now, he caught full sight of his savior.  He felt like he knew the man, but he didn’t, it was all very…
A massive roar rocked the bridge, and Lyght’s whole world turned over.  Blackness rushed up to meet him, and grabbed him by the shirt, pulling him down… down… down.


Chapter Forty-Six
The first thing Lyght felt was cold, salty water being splashed across his face.  He was immediately aware of the Dark swirling above.  Omnipresent.  Watching.  As another splash of water hit his face, Lyght came to his senses suddenly and sat up, coughing.  Lyght felt a searing pain in his ribs as he did so, and immediately brought a hand to the break in his right side.  He hissed in pain and closed his eyes as he suddenly remembered the circumstances of his injury.  He remembered the duel, uneven as it was, with Troy.  He remembered being knocked down, ribs cracked by a sword blow to his abdomen.  Troy had been about to kill him, it seemed.  And then…
What had happened after that?  Someone had saved him… but who?  It was all so blurry.  Lyght felt like he could almost remember, but he just… couldn’t…
“Hey… Hey, Lyght?  Can you hear me?”  Lyght looked around, neck protesting in pain – he remembered his wound there too – and looked over to match the voice with the face.  Mikael was kneeling next to him, a look of concern on his battered face, streaked blood and dirt coating his skin.  He was sporting a nasty black eye and a vicious cut along his temple, but other than that he appeared largely unharmed.  As far as Lyght could tell, anyway.  Lyght looked his friend in the eyes and tried to answer, but his voice seemed weak to him as he responded, “Yeah.  Yeah, I can hear you.  What happened?  How’d we get away?  What –”, he paused coughing, and tried to catch his breath.  It was difficult with his cracked ribs.
Lyght took a moment to glance around at their surroundings.  They were on land now, in a stand of trees on the channel bank, not fifty feet away from the left side of the Central Bridge.  Mikael stood up and reached a hand down to pull Lyght to his feet, which Lyght had to refuse.  It pained him to say it, but he had to admit it, “Sorry, Mikael.  I don’t think I can walk right now.  Cracked ribs.”  He pointed at the spot with his right hand before realizing his mistake, bringing a fresh wave of pain that threatened to knock him out again.  He’d forgotten that his right hand had probably been broken too, in addition to his ribs and the wound on his neck.  He couldn’t turn and look around too much, couldn’t walk, and couldn’t even use Dreamcasting.  He’d never felt so helpless before.  Lyght gritted his teeth, frustrated, and punched the ground with his left fist.
Mikael crouched down to be on eye-level, “Oh, sorry.”  Lyght’s longtime friend exhaled, shaking his head, “They really got us, huh?  So much for that ambush, we’re the ones who got ambushed.”  Lyght nodded painfully as Mikael spat bitterly on the ground.  Mikael looked at Lyght, concern in his eyes.  “I’m sorry I couldn’t come over and help you, but I was getting attacked too.  It was, as you might have guessed, Kiara from the Dream Syndicate who attacked me.  I know it was Troy from the Dream Syndicate who attacked you.”
Lyght glanced over at his friend, a questioning look it his eyes.  He didn’t even have to ask, Mikael answered, “I know I said I couldn’t come over to help you, but I saw who you’d been battling after the fight.  It was, well…”
Mikael took a deep breath, shaking his head, “I don’t know.  Someone, a Legion member I didn’t recognize, came to save us.  Whoever it was, he came over to me first, began fighting off Kiara, and then somehow – and I don’t understand this, because it was so Dark at the time I couldn’t even see you – knew you were in danger, and took off to go save you.  I heard fighting, and knew he must’ve fought off Troy as well.  He came back and finished off Kiara for me – which was good, because I was almost out of spirit and was starting to take some bad blows.  He took me over to see you, and that’s when I saw Troy’s body on the ground.”
Lyght looked up, “So this Legend…  Troy and Kiara, did he…?”  Mikael nodded, confirming Lyght’s suspicion.  That was odd, why would a Legend who served the King interfere with their mission, and prevent them from ever capturing Troy and Kiara?  If the King wanted the Dream Syndicate leaders so badly, why would one of his own Legends get in the way of that?  And weren’t Lyght and Mikael supposed to accomplish this mission alone?  The only thing Lyght could think of was that maybe the King had meant this all as a test, and sent a Legend trailing them just in case things went badly.  That seemed a bit far-fetched, though, and Lyght couldn’t help but feel like he was missing something here.
Mikael continued on, finishing his account, “Like I said, I didn’t recognize this guy who saved us.  He did look oddly familiar, but I couldn’t place it…”  He was silent for a few moments, then shrugged, “Anyway, he saved us from the attackers quicker than I would’ve thought possible, and carried you all the way off the bridge unconscious.  I told him that he didn’t have to do that, that I could help, but he didn’t seem to be listening to me.  He just focused on getting you off the bridge as fast as possible.  When we got off, he led me over here, set you down, and told me to find you help.  And well… that was about half an hour ago, and to be honest I haven’t thought of how I could move you without hurting you.  So I decided to see if I could wake you up, to see what injuries you have.  Sorry I couldn’t do more.”
Lyght shook his head, “No, you did the right thing.  I definitely can’t walk, that’s for sure.  Maybe we can flag someone down when the Dark goes away, to run into the city and get a medic out here.  I hate to say it, but it probably wouldn’t be the smartest thing in the world for you to leave me here by myself, unarmed and unable to use spirit.”  
Despite Lyght’s words, however, Mikael stood up.  He drew his sword and handed it to Lyght, “Here, take this.  You’ll be fine – we’re near Glory, and pretty well hidden in this stand of trees.  Someone would only be able to see you from the channel, and it’s Dark out, so no one is awake to see you anyway.  I’ll be right back with a medic – it’ll have to be someone from the Legion, they’ll be the only ones Awake at this time.  I’ll be right back.  Just wait here, okay?”
Lyght opened his mouth to protest, but clamped it shut and made the decision to trust Mikael’s judgment on this one.  He was probably being too cautious – after all, the enemies had just been eliminated, right?  Nothing to worry about…  
He gave Mikael the thumbs-up with his functioning hand, laying the sword on his lap and leaning back against a tree, “Alright, you’re good.  Go now.”  Mikael nodded and ducked out of the clearing and away into the trees, “You got it, I’ll be back with help as soon as I can.  Just hang out here.”
Lyght heard his friends footsteps move away and then fade out rapidly.  The Dark always did seem to have this odd way of muffling sound.  Lyght exhaled and leaned back against the tree, relaxing his muscles for the first time in hours.  He looked up at the swirling dark mass in the sky, thinking of what had happened back on the bridge. 
Lyght supposed he shouldn’t be that surprised by that guy Troy completely outclassing him.  Troy was the main leader of the Dream Syndicate, after all – a group of highly dangerous, criminal Dreamcasters who, according to Decimader, were set out to destroy the whole Dreamscape.  Lyght couldn’t see how they planned on doing that, but figured that maybe their upbringing in the bitter North had somehow soured them to life under the King’s rule, and made the rebel.  
Whatever the case, Lyght had been initially surprised that the King had so insisted that, with the element of surprise, taking out these two highly dangerous Dreamcasters would be easy enough for Lyght and Mikael.  Sure, they were talented for their age group.  They always had been.  But they were still amateurs, and not even in the Legion yet.  If the whole Legion was set out to destroy the Dream Syndicate, and hadn’t done so in all these years, why had the King sent two unproven kids to take out two of its leaders without any help?  Sure, the King had said only they were supposed to able to take these leaders out – even if Lyght questioned how credible that information was – but it still seemed odd to Lyght that the King was so confident in this premise.  It just didn’t seem like the man to believe that two kids could defeat what were surely two of the most powerful Dreamcasters alive.
Lyght still felt like he was somehow missing a crucial piece of the puzzle, like he wasn’t getting the big picture.  He couldn’t put it all together – not just this highly questionable plan of the King’s, but also this mysterious Legend who had come to bail them out at just the right time, surely saving Lyght and Mikael’s lives.  Was the King involved in all of that?  Lyght supposed it was possible, but he couldn’t see what the King stood to gain from making up such a detailed story, and throwing Lyght and Mikael into a situation they clearly couldn’t handle, only to be bailed out.  And the two they’d fought had clearly been two of the leaders of the Dream Syndicate, not fakes planted by the King or otherwise.  The two leaders of the criminal organization, for those who actually believed in their existence, were always rumored to be elegant-looking twins with a unique shade of burning violet eyes.  Troy had certainly had that look – so Lyght had no reservations that they were the real deal. 
Lyght’s train of thought, as he sat there looking up at the swirling mass of Dark above him – dissipating slightly now as the night wore on – kept coming back to this Legend who’d saved he and Mikael’s lives.  Who was he?  Whoever he was, Lyght owed him his life, and he wasn’t the type to let that kind of a debt ride without trying to make up for it.  He wanted to meet with this Legend, to talk to him.  And it wasn’t only just that the man had saved him, Lyght felt… connected to the man somehow.  He couldn’t explain it, as he was sure he hadn’t met the man before.  He remembered his face from the bridge, he…
Or wait… Lyght racked his memory.  He couldn’t remember the man’s face.  He focused hard, trying to bring it into focus, but amidst the searing pain and confusion he’d been going through at the time, he couldn’t specifically remember what he’d looked like.  Lyght had the impression that he’d had some form of important thought about it at the time, but he could remember that either.  He sighed, frustrated at himself.
I can’t believe I let Troy beat me that badly… damn it.
Lyght clinched his left hand into a fist, but looked up sharply as he heard his name called, “Hey, Lyght!  Guess who I found?”  Mikael again.  
How’d he get back so quickly?
Lyght looked over as Mikael entered the clearing with three people – all people he knew.  Two of them he was surprised to see at this moment, the other one he was nothing less than downright shocked to see here, in Glory.
Seth, Iri, and Sky.
Lyght’s gaze went to his sister immediately.  “Sky!  You… how –” Sky darted forward, cutting him off, “No time now, we’ll talk later.  We need to move, now.”  She knelt beside him and tried to assess his injuries, “Mikael said your ribs are cracked; that you can’t walk.  Right or left?”  
Lyght sat for a second, puzzled at the sudden turn of events, before nodding to his right side.  With some difficulty, Sky unclasped his armor and pulled his shirt up, holding her hand palm out about two inches away from his gashed skin, an ugly shade of purple and yellow where Troy’s sword had slammed home.  A strange white light emanated from Sky’s palm as she held it there, and Lyght felt a bizarre burning sensation as he realized, somehow, that his ribs were sealing themselves.  Filling in the cracks.  The nasty bruises on his skin gradually faded as Sky continued somehow healing Lyght for a couple minutes.  When she was done, she moved to Lyght’s broken right hand and did the same thing.  Lyght looked on in shock, not wanting to break her concentration at such a pivotal moment, but also wanting to say the thought that was screaming at the forefront of his mind.
Unable to keep himself from smiling at the revelation, Lyght let it out the instant Sky finished healing his hand, “Sky, you never told me!”  She looked at him questioningly, “Hmm?  Told you what?”  Lyght looked up at his sister, not entirely able to mask his enthusiasm, “You’re a Dreamcaster, too!  And you never told me!”  Sky shook her head, “No, I don’t think I am.”  Lyght jumped in, “But –”, but Sky cut him off immediately, “No, I don’t think I am, but I’m not sure.  It’s kind of complicated, but I’ll try to explain it to you later.  We don’t have much time right now.  I’ve done this before though – on the first night me, mom and dad found you.  It was a lot harder then, though.”
At this, a thousand questions exploded through Lyght’s mind, but he couldn’t decide which one to ask first.  He had never fully understood how he’d survived his near-death the night he and his father were attacked; all he knew was that Sky, then age six, and her parents had happened upon the scene while traveling back home through the Pride domain that night, and taken Lyght into their own care.  He’d known Sky had healed him somehow, but not with this… power, whatever it was.  Lyght did realize he’d never heard of Dreamcasting being able to heal someone’s broken bones or other injuries, because that would be manipulating them out of the natural state they were in.  Dreamcasting could only boost the efficiency of muscle use to increase speed and power, but not heal where something was already broken or destroyed.  Lyght didn’t know what ability his sister had, but it was special.  And for Sky to heal him, at the young age of six herself, when he was so near death, was absolutely incredible to him.
Sky extended a hand to pull him up, and Lyght grasped it, coming to his feet gingerly, flexing his hand and stretching carefully.  It felt good to have his movement and access to his spirit back.  Sky glanced quickly at the Dark above, apparently estimating the time, then looked back down at Iri, “We have to go.”  Iri nodded, and Sky turned to Lyght.
“Follow us; we need to head into Glory, and fast.  We have time for the half hour walk to our destination – and I’ll make use of that time to explain everything – but we have to go now.  C’mon.”  Sky motioned over her shoulder for Lyght and Mikael to follow, and Lyght exchanged a glance with his friend.  They nodded to each other, so he motioned for Sky to lead the way.  He jogged a few steps to fall in line with her, with Seth, Iri, and Mikael behind them.
“Alright, sis, so what’s been going on?”
Sky snorted and shook her head.  Lyght realized by now that he did notice an overall change in her demeanor from the previous years he’d grown up with her.  She seemed much calmer and in command, even.
“Everything, Lyght.  Everything.”


Chapter Forty-Seven
Lyght couldn’t recall ever hearing a crazier story in his life.
First, his sister had launched into this long soliloquy about the “real” history of the Dreamscape, a series of stories that were entirely new to Lyght, and contradictory to everything he’d ever been taught about the land he lived in.  She spoke of a wider land named “Gaien” and a people named the “Godra” who been granted the creative power – Dreamcasting, apparently – to shape and form the land and develop it as more or less gods.  Lyght wondered if that’s where the word had come from…
Lyght listened in mounting disbelief and skepticism as his sister talked about how, supposedly, this deity race used their power to create multiple intelligent races of their own, ruling over them in relative peace for thousands of years.  However, wars and infighting eventually broke out between Godra families of the different races.  This bitterly divided families, and the situation came to a head when the King of the Vuru family had passed over his son as the heir to the human race, for his son’s best friend – a member of the lower Kuru branch.  The son, driven mad by the perceived injustice, killed his friend and both of his parents, taking power over the human race.  This man had then used his power to create the Dreamscape in the fashion the rest of his peers created much of Gaien – although how he had the power to do that alone as a mystery.
According to Sky, anyway, this was who Decimader Vuruman was.
Lyght didn’t know if he believed it.  In fact, his experience with the King definitely did not fit with the story.  Even if it was mysterious that the King had lived for over a thousand years, Lyght didn’t think he was a homicidal mad ruler who created the whole world for himself.  The man seemed sane enough; likeable, even.  And what was this about “other intelligent races”?  That made no sense – Lyght knew full and well that the human race was the only intelligent race in the world.  To suggest otherwise went against everything he’d been taught.  But then again, Sky had said it would.
Lyght was at a loss to know where Sky came up with all this stuff, but she began filling him in on her recent adventures as they walked along.  If anything, these were even crazier than her initial comments about the history of the Dreamscape.
As he walked along with Sky, Iri, Seth, and Mikael towards the center of Glory, Lyght largely remained silent as he listened to his sister speak about the increasingly improbable and incredible situations she’d gone through since he’d left Kona.  Lyght was initially surprised to hear his sister claim that after he and Mikael had left, she’d taken their mission to destroy the Dark upon herself, even joining up with her friends in the crew of the Joy to seek out what they could.  
He supposed he shouldn’t have been that surprised, however.  His sister always did have that flair for the unexpected – she always tried to do the last thing people thought she was capable of attempting.  The major difference Lyght could discern in this instance was that she was putting her energies towards what was arguably a very righteous and noble cause, rather than the usual troublemaking and attention-seeking she often gotten up to as a kid in Kona.  Lyght had to say, he was proud of how far his sister had come just upon hearing this.  His level of awe dramatically increased, however, as his sister went on with her story. 
Lyght tried hard not to jump in and interrupt her as she spoke about the crew’s decision to make land and search on Apathy based on some vague tip-off from the Dream Syndicate, of all people.  Lyght would have thought she’d known not to trust those people, but he had to admit he wasn’t all that surprised about it either – Sky had always seemed to admire people who held a general disregard for the rules.
No, what really shocked Lyght for the first time was hearing Sky describe her encounter with the object she called the Dreamcatcher.  By the time this subject had come up, they were well into the capital city of Glory, for some reason heading towards – according to Sky – the tower of Triumph.  Seth and Iri had split off from their group minutes ago, claiming they had to go “rescue” Lyn, whatever that meant.   Lyght let them go, still not sure what the big hurry-up was about, or why they were headed to Triumph, or even what had happened to Lyn such that he needed saving.  Could it have been part of a wider scale Dream Syndicate attack on the city, which Lyght and Mikael had already gotten involved in through the fight with their leaders?  Lyght didn’t know, but he held his questions for the time being.  He hoped Sky would get to that point as she went on.
She was speaking now about her first encounter with this “Dreamcatcher” on the island of Apathy, “So when we finally get to the marked spot, it turns out to be a clearing atop a hill, which makes absolutely no sense as a place to hide treasure or valuable contraband, which we figured we would find.  Not of that was there, but I did notice a small dark steel box on the ground – so of course I opened it.  Inside was this ‘Dreamcatcher’ thing, or so it was called, with this note.  Here, take a look.”  Sky reached inside the pocket of the jacket she was wearing, pulling out a crumpled bit of paper and handing it to Lyght.  
He read: Behold the Dreamcatcher – Talisman of courage, Gatekeeper of the spirit, Weapon of the light.
As Lyght read over the phrase a few times, Sky pulled another thing out of her coat pocket.  Lyght looked up, seeing an odd object featuring a woven pattern inside a circle of sorts, with other similar designs and bits hanging off of it.  The thing didn’t look too remarkable, although Lyght definitely hadn’t seen anything like it before.  He took it from Sky, holding it up to inspect it closely.  Sky confirmed his suspicions as she said, “Yeah, that’s it.  The Dreamcatcher.  The reason I kept it is because – and this may seem unbelievable, but I promise it’s true – when I grabbed it on the hill on that Dark night, it suddenly glowed this ultra-bright, electric blue and literally opened a hole in the Dark above us.”  
Lyght looked up sharply at this, wondering if he’d heard right, “You said it opened a hole in the Dark?”  Sky nodded.  Lyght looked down at the woven Dreamcatcher looped around his fingers, frowning.  Lyght couldn’t help but remember another time, much earlier in his life, when he’d seen some sort of “hole”, or piercing, through the Dark above.  It had always seemed to him that he’d caused it.  And if this object made it happen as well… maybe the Dark could be destroyed after all.  What if the object’s ability could be applied at a wider scale?
Lyght looked up at his sister, “Sky?  You said this opened a ‘hole’ in the Dark.  Did you see anything… above the Dark, if that makes sense?  Any white dots, or anything like that?”  
Sky looked around in surprise, frowning, “Yeah, that’s exactly what it was.  How did you know?”  Lyght sighed, looking down at the ground.  He’d never told Mikael or Sky about this, and he wasn’t sure exactly how to put it.  He decided to tell them, but to be brief about it.
“I know because… on the night me and my dad were attacked by that unknown armed group – killing him of course, and almost killing me – he had me try Dreamcasting for the first time.  He didn’t think I’d be able to do it, but I surprised him and showed that I actually was a Dreamcaster.  Well, I kept going even after he’d rather I stopped, and the hardest thing he had me do was try to heat the air through spirit manipulation.  That’s easy now of course, but back then… anyway, when I used this technique on the air, it actually tore a hole in the Dark sky above – just like this Dreamcatcher object.  I don’t understand the connection between what I did that night and this object, but it would seem we saw the same result, Sky.  A flat black canvas above, not twisting and moving like the Dark, and not as heavy.  And laid on top of that, a blanket of these odd shining white dots.  Am I right?”  Sky nodded, looking at him thoughtfully, as if she was trying to decide something.  
Before she could respond, Mikael spoke up, “What?  That really happened?  So you’re telling me that you two, separately, have both at some point managed to destroy a portion of the Dark, and actually see what was above it?” 
Lyght nodded, “I’m not sure destroyed is the right word, but I definitely drove it away.  I’m not sure if that’s connected with what Sky did, but…”, he trailed off, wondering if there was any connection between the time this had happened with him, over ten years ago, and the recent occurrence with Sky.  He couldn’t see how it could be a coincidence; there had to be some reason for it all, he thought.  There had to be.
Lyght looked down; this was exactly the sort of thing he had the instinct to ask his dad about, but that obviously wasn’t an option.  It had been ten years since his father’s death, and it was much rarer now that Lyght ran into situations where he felt like he needed his father’s advice.  Now certainly felt like one of those times, though.
Sky, who’d been walking in silence for the past minute or so, finally looked back over to Lyght.  “I do have a theory on this, actually”, she began tentatively.  Lyght nodded to her, urging her on, “Well”, she started, “this is definitely open for interpretation, but if you read the note, I really think the Dreamcatcher is intended for you to use.  And not anyone who happens to find it, I mean you specifically, Lyght.  You’re the one meant to use it.  To destroy – or drive away – the Dark, that is.”
Lyght opened his mouth to object but Sky held up a hand “OK, look.  The ‘talisman of courage’ part is kind of ambiguous, I know.  I noticed though, maybe because you’re my brother, that the last two parts could be referring to you.  ‘Gatekeeper of the spirit’ clearly implies this object is connected with a Dreamcaster, and I tend to interpret ‘Weapon of the light’ literally.  The note even has a different spelling of your name in it!  And now that you’ve told me that you were actually able to drive away the Dark before, I can’t help but believe that you were meant to use this Dreamcatcher as a ‘weapon’ of sorts to destroy the Dark – in the apex of the tower of Triumph, of course.  And…”
Lyght had to cut her off there, as he was getting more and more confused as she kept speaking, “Woah, woah, hold up.  I see your point about the note, but don’t you think you might be jumping to conclusions?  I mean, I know my name is a different spelling of the word ‘light’, but that doesn’t mean I’m connected to any instance of the regular word.  As for ‘spirit’, that also has multiple meanings; it doesn’t only refer to Dreamcasting capacity.  And then what’s all this about the tower of Triumph?  I don’t see how you’re leaping to all these conclusions.”
Sky frowned, looking back and forth between Lyght and Mikael, “What, haven’t Seth and Iri filled you in on what’s begin going on since we found the Dreamcatcher?  You’ve had the conversation with them about who they really are, right?”  Lyght frowned and this and looked at Mikael, who just shook his head.  Mikael spoke up this time, “No, they haven’t.  What do you mean, ‘who they really are’?  What do we need to know that we’re not getting?”
Sky opened her mouth suddenly, and closed it.  She seemed unsure of what to say.  She brought a hand to the back of her neck, laughing awkwardly, “Ah.  Well, it wasn’t really supposed to be my job to tell you all this.  Seth and Iri were supposed to let you know when they thought you were ready.  You’re sure they didn’t…?”, she trailed off questioningly, and Lyght shook his head.
“To be honest, with all the craziness we haven’t had much time to talk to those guys lately”, Lyght admitted.  “How do you know who they are anyway, and how’d you run into them?  What’s going on?”
Sky sighed, “Damn.  Well, I’ll have to explain this fast, ‘cause we’re going to be at the tower in five minutes.  To put it bluntly – Seth and Iri are members of the Dream Syndicate.  Two of its leaders, actually.  The crew and I sought out the Dream Syndicate in the North once we’d found the Dreamcatcher, because we knew the Dream Syndicate’s main mission was to destroy the Dark – just like us.  We thought the Syndicate could help us understand the Dreamcatcher and even put it to use.  In a very lucky series of circumstances that I won’t go into right now, we finally found a headquarters of the Syndicate in Southern Fear, just past what they call the ‘Great Gate’.  And by some wild coincidence, two of the Dream Syndicate leaders – Troy and Kiara, twins actually – were there.”  Lyght felt a sudden, sinking feeling in his stomach as he heard this.
Huh?  Them!?  What’s going on?  Lyght exchanged glances with Mikael, who looked just as confused and startled as he was. 
Sky continued speaking, heedless of Lyght’s reaction, “We showed them the Dreamcatcher, and it turned out that it’s actually a very important object they’d been searching for themselves; one that could apparently destroy the Dark once and for all.  And so Troy and Kiara talked to Seth and Iri through this weird Dreamcasting technique I don’t understand, and discussed this whole background that I don’t have time to go into.  The point was though, and I can explain this more in-depth later, you and Mikael are actually meant to use this Dreamcatcher to destroy the Dark.  It was something for you two to do all along!  Believe me, it’s true.  And the fact that it’s been something you guys always wanted to do makes it that much more believable to me.”
Sky took a deep breath, “To wrap it up, shortly after arriving in Fear the crew and I left again to head south with Troy and Kiara to protect the Dreamcatcher, and pass it along to you guys.  However, we heard on the way there – not too long ago, actually – that Lyn, the main source for the Dream Syndicate in Glory, had been captured by the King.  Not only that, but Seth and Iri had been rounded up as well.  So at that point, Troy opened a letter from Lyn in the event this ever happened, and it described to us how the source of the Dark is at the apex of the tower  of Triumph, which I can see from here does look like it’s heavily clouded with Dark.  You can’t see through the diamond at all.”
Sky looked back and forth at Lyght and Mikael, “So, that’s pretty much the abridged version of what happened.  Troy and Kiara needed someone to rescue Seth and Iri from the tower of Triumph where they were imprisoned, and so I volunteered to do it myself.  After I snuck into Triumph and freed them from the underground prisons, I ran ahead and came here, hoping to track you guys down and hand off the Dreamcatcher – with a little help from someone I met, of course.”  Sky smiled a little bit, obviously proud of herself.  “So, what do you guys think?  Ready to destroy the Dark once and for all, like you always talked about doing back in Kona?” 
Lyght froze, hesitant.  It wasn’t the same now as it had been back then.  He and Mikael had already chosen to try to join the Legion, not pursue their original mission of trying to destroy the Dark.  And, according to the King, the Dream Syndicate was the sworn enemy of the Legion; a criminal group that was actually trying to destroy the Dreamscape.  Lyght had always had something of a hatred for the Syndicate… for his own reasons.  
But now he was finding out that not only had Sky fallen in line with them, but Seth and Iri had been two of their leaders the whole time?  That was highly confusing; as was the claim by Sky that the real intention of the Dream Syndicate was to destroy the Dark.  Decimader’s account conflicted with that; he said they were trying to outright destroy the Dreamscape.  What if… the two were really the same thing?  Lyght wanted to find out more, but he was sure who to believe anymore.
There was something else that had to be said at the moment, however…
Lyght put a hand on Sky’s shoulder, “Listen, Sky.  I’ll tell you briefly what’s been going on with us as well.  After training for months at the Legion Academy, the King met with us personally and offered us direct induction into the Legion if we underwent a mission that he believed we were somehow ‘chosen’ to do, somehow.  I’m skeptical of that, myself, but he told us to ambush these two Dream Syndicate leaders – Troy and Kiara – at the first spire of the Central Bridge.  The King told us that the Dream Syndicate was trying to destroy the Dreamscape, and that the Legion was committed to fighting them.  So of course we took the mission on, but Troy and Kiara beat us… badly.  I almost died, actually.  The injuries you healed me of came from them.  But before Troy could finish me off, a Legend we don’t know came and saved us, carried me off the bridge, then took off.  
Sky walked alongside them, suddenly pale, “So Troy and Kiara are…?”  Lyght nodded, looking down.
“Dead.”
Sky clinched her fists and stared at the ground, clearly trying to hold back her emotions.  It wasn’t entirely working – a tear ran down the right side of her face, shining a bit in the city lights amidst the darkness.  Lyght didn’t have the slightest clue what was going on – and he was just realizing that.  He decided to wait and not pick sides for the moment, to better understand who he should really align himself with.  Dream Syndicate, or Legion?  Who was in the right?  Lyght couldn’t tell as long as all this information was conflicting.  And there were still unsolved mysteries, like the unknown Legend on the bridge.  He didn’t know what to make of that one.  Lyght looked over at Sky; he could say for sure he felt bad at her distress.  He was just glad that they hadn’t been the ones to kill Troy and Kiara; his sister seemed pretty upset about it. 
Lyght took a deep breath, frustrated, “So I don’t really know what’s going on, either, but it seems like we’ve been fighting each other without knowing it.  To be honest… I don’t even know who to believe anymore.”  
Lyght put a hand on his sister’s shoulder, “But I’ll come with you up to this… apex or whatever atop the tower of Triumph.  I want to see what this Dreamcatcher does before I judge it.  The Dream Syndicate, and the Legion… I want to know who’s in the right.  I’ll come with you, but we have to be as careful as possible not to be found.  I can guarantee the King would not approve of this.”  
Sky nodded.  They were approaching the base of the tower now, and Lyght saw Sky look into a shadowy alley, nodding to something he couldn’t see.  At this signal, a figure emerged that Lyght definitely hadn’t expected to see right now.  But then again he wasn’t sure what to expect anymore.
Lyaness stepped out into the light, “Ready to break into the King’s stronghold, guys?”  Nods when around, and Lyaness turned to face the shining diamond tower shooting into the Dark sky, “Follow me, and do what I say.  I think you’ll be surprised at what we find.”
“You’ve really got to see it to believe it.”


Chapter Forty-Eight
BOOM….  BOOM….
The thunderous chorus rang out in consistent, perfect time, the lifeblood of the dark, empty tower of Triumph.  Lyght, Mikael, and Sky followed cautiously behind Lyaness, who apparently had connections to the Dream Syndicate as well (like everyone else, it seemed) and had been enlisted by Troy and Kiara to help Sky break into Triumph and free Seth and Iri from the prisons below.  Lyght had to admit, it did seem like no one in Glory was who Lyght had thought they were – there was another side to the story of seemingly every individual he’d known for the last few months.  It made it hard to know who to trust.
He crept along now behind Lyaness, feeling more than listening to the ominous pulsing that seemed to be coming from the building itself.  Lyght had noticed it as soon as he’d stepped inside the soaring diamond tower – a deep, reverberating pulse that made Lyght feel like he was deep in the belly of some slumbering beast.  
And he certainly could have been for all the activity he saw inside.  None, that is – the massive foyer of the tower of Triumph, usually bustling with workers and visitors, was dimly lit, completely silent, and eerily unoccupied.  That seemed strange to Lyght; shouldn’t there have been Legends there guarding the lifts, even if it was Dark time?  And anyway, if four kids could just walk on in, how could something like the Dark be funneled through here as its source?  Even if that claim made sense – which it didn’t – Lyght would have found the curious lack of security, if nothing else, to be a big red flag.
In addition to that, Lyght had always understood the Dark to be a part of the natural world, even if he’d always felt that the pulsing black mass seemed somehow unnatural and out of place.  How could a part of the night itself, for all intents and purposes, be sourced from a building on the ground?  It was like claiming that a river actually began in the sky.  It made no sense. 
As they crept towards the lifts, Lyaness in the lead wearing all black with her hood up as usual, Lyght lowered his head and whispered to his sister next to him, “Hey, Sky?  I was just wondering, what –” Lyaness spun around at the sound of his voice and put a finger to her lips, not speaking, but with a look in her eyes that clearly said, “Shut up!”  Lyght gave her a slightly annoyed look, but straightened up and fell silent.  He had to admit, the emptiness of the wide space was more than a bit eerie.  Maybe it was good idea just to stay silent.  Lyaness had vastly more experience with Triumph, and she could remain awake in the Dark just like Sky.  Lyght would have to trust her judgment on this one.
I still need to figure out what exactly we’re doing here though… there’s got to be more to the story than I’m hearing. 
Lyght glanced over at Mikael as they approached the lift, and his friend just shrugged back, apparently with no better ideas than Lyght had.  Lyght clinched his fists; he couldn’t help but notice the sword still strapped to Mikael’s back.  Largely disarmed himself, Lyght was only left with a knife on his right hip, and a much smaller knife – ineffective against all but vital points – hidden in his right boot.  Not much to work with, especially if their break-in turned into a fight.  He couldn’t see how Lyaness was so sure it wouldn’t – they had to run into guards at some point, didn’t they?  If they were caught breaking into the King’s stronghold at night, especially since Lyght and Mikael had the King’s trust… it would be a bad, bad situation.
They got in the lift, and Lyaness hit floor ninety-five, the highest button she could hit without the special crystals that Lyght had seen the Legends use to gain access to the higher floors.  Lyght frowned, hoping the girl had some plan to get them up to the top, where they apparently needed to go.  
As the doors slid shut, Lyaness exhaled and leaned against the wall as they rose through the soaring diamond tower, “OK, we have a minute to talk in here if you guys need to.  Once we come out, we’re going to have to be completely silent so we don’t get detected.  It will be difficult, but if you follow my lead and stay focused, we’ll be alright.  I’ve done this before.”  A duller BOOM now accented her words as she spoke, pulsing with that bone-jarring deepness every five to six seconds or so.  It wasn’t as loud in here, but Lyght could see the dark steel walls of the lift vibrating at each titanic beat.
But Lyght would have to get to that point in a second…
He turned to his sister, intent on asking the question he’d wanted to before, “How can you be sure that the Dark is actually sourced through this building?  I mean, let’s actually think this through, that sounds a little far-fetched, doesn’t it?  Why would the Dark be sustained by the King’s palace?  I’m not sure that the Dream Syndicate really is objective about this issue, or could be trusted to give you accurate information.  These are just those types of things that nobody knows about.”
Sky put a hand on her older brother’s shoulder, “Look, I don’t have time to tell you all the information that Troy told me right now, but believe me when I say that nothing is as it seems.  I still don’t know everything, but from what I heard, almost everything we grew up being told was real is actually just a distortion of the truth.  The Dark is actually created, sustained, and manipulated by the King for his own selfish purposes.  The Dream Syndicate knows how things were before Decimader’s reign, and so they want to end it.  It’s the King who is somehow so powerful, his influence and power – the Dark – compels everyone to need to fall completely asleep at a certain time each and every night.  To him, everything is about his rule, not his people.  I mean, we should have realized this!  ‘The Hero’?  He gave himself that nickname!”  
Sky looked back and forth between Lyght and Mikael.  Lyght was still skeptical, but he could see Mikael looking very interested.  Lyaness seemed to be taking Sky’s words for granted, like she already knew them somehow.  She did look… impressed, however.  
Sky checked the floor indicator – they were halfway up, “Believe me, I know his past now, and the last thing Decimader Vuruman has ever been is a hero.  I wish, I wish I had time to explain it all to you right now, but I don’t.  Just… have a little faith in me, okay? Remember back on the Joy the day of your eighteenth birthday?  When you told me you wanted to destroy the Dark, I trusted in you then.  It was a hard thing for me to do, so I understand what you’re feeling now, but just trust me.   Alright?”
Lyght hesitated for just the slightest second before giving in, “Okay.  I trust you.”  Mikael nodded, “Same here.  You’re a good kid, Sky.  We do trust you, always remember that.  Your brother here believes in you, he just wants to make sure you understand your path before taking it.”  Lyght looked at his friend in amusement.
Can he really express my feelings better than I can now?  He knows me too well.
Mikael kept speaking, a bit hurried as they approached the top floor now, “Lyaness?  This may be more your area of expertise; what’s that huge… pulsing that’s been going on since we got here?  It’s so loud, I can’t believe we didn’t hear it outside.  You’re in Triumph all the time.  Does this usually happen?  And if so, what is it?  Is it connected to the Dark somehow?”
Lyaness shrugged, “As for that last part, I don’t know.  I know there’s Dark upstairs in the apex, but I’ve never heard of Triumph being a ‘source’ of the Dark or anything like that.  I’ve never actually been up to the very top floor, so I’m not sure what all is up there – I’m pretty sure you need to be a Dreamcaster to get in.  Since I’m no Dreamcaster myself, I’ve never been able to get in.  So we’ll see for ourselves if what Sky’s saying is true.”  They reached the top floor now, but Lyaness held her finger on the “close door” button to finish her explanation.
“As for the pulsing, yes, it’s always like that.  But tonight, it’s much, much louder than usual.  I wish I knew why…  It seems to me that the building makes the sound internally, so you wouldn’t hear it from the outside, if that makes any sense.  Sometimes I feel like Triumph is actually more of a living thing than anything else.  That’s a good way to understand it, I think.”  No one said anything at this, but Lyght was admittedly surprised to hear such a claim from Lyaness, who spent so much time here.  What did she mean by that?
Lyaness still had one more thing to say before they went out, “OK, usually the ninety-fifth is deserted, but there’s typically guards – Legends, especially – up on the top few floors.  We’re going to have to be very stealthy, because Legends exclusively will be up here, since it’s a Dark night.  As you guys probably know, the Legends are the elite of the elite, and if you make the slightest sound out of turn, they will detect you, and we will all be in very big trouble.  Understand?”  They all nodded, and Lyght had to say he was glad for the group he was in.  He and Mikael had trained in stealth tactics in the Legion Academy, and Sky was as sneaky as they came – a product of her troublemaking habits.  Lyaness seemed to be as well.  They should be alright.  Or so Lyght hoped.
Lyaness let her finger off the button and motioned for them to follow her, heading out of the lift and left down a hallway Lyght had been in before.  There was a huge set of double doors that led to the place he’d met with the First Legend, as well as the social rooms like the ornate ballroom where he’d dined with the King.  There were no guards in front of the doors as usual, but there was an odd… chain of sorts on the door that looked to be made of pale blue light.  He guessed it must have been placed there by a Legend; which meant to maintain the lock, at least one Legend must be somewhere within the next few floors.  Lyght crept along, imitating Lyaness in front.  When she went back against the wall and crept up to a corner, Lyght did the same behind her.  Apparently hearing nothing, she suddenly darted around the corner with insane agility – especially for a non-Dreamcaster.  Lyght, caught entirely by surprise, burned a little spirit as he spun around the corner to keep pace.
Lyght looked up and down the empty, shadowy hallway with its pale blue carpet and walls, crystal chandeliers hanging unlit from the ceiling.  He frowned, having lost Lyaness for a second.  Lyght caught a flash of movement in the lower left hand corner of his vision, thankfully, and saw Lyaness motioning to him from a small little fissure in the wall.  Lyght turned sideways and, with some degree of difficulty in his armor, slid into the little crack and inched along sideways, trying to make as little noise as possible.  
They emerged into an identical hallway on the other side – so similar that Lyght looked around frowning, ensuring that they hadn’t somehow come in a circle.  Apparently Lyaness knew where she was going, however, as she crouched down and hurried along the hallway, silently sliding open a door with great care and ducking inside.  They climbed a set of winding stone steps to a heavyset iron door, with another of those pale blue chains of light on its handle.  Lyght felt a sinking feeling, thinking Lyaness’ route was blocked off, but she pulled him forward and placed his hand on the lock.  She nodded to Lyght, and he understood the command.  He channeled the shortest burst of spirit through his right hand, and the blue light chain dissolved and dissipated.  Lyaness placed her back against the door and looked at the three of them.
She spoke in a low voice, “Good job so far, guys.  This room in front of us is the toughest part.  There is a sort of ‘Dreamcasting web’ of light crisscrossing the room, of such a wavelength that it is invisible to the naked eye.  If any part of your body even slightly grazes a beam, the Legend who set the line will be alerted, we’ll have the whole Legion coming down on us.  As many as they can get over here, anyway.  Follow my exact movements.  It took me years of experience to figure out the exact placement of these things – don’t waste that now.  If I’m caught, I’m never getting in here again.  And we’ll all be in huge trouble if they do find us.”  Lyght, Mikael, and Sky nodded affirmatively, showing they understood.
Lyaness continued, “There’s a trapdoor that leads to the apex in the center of the room.  It looks like a symbol painted on the ceiling, but that marks its location.”  She paused, ear to the door.  Silence.  “Alright, ready?” she asked, and Lyght and Sky nodded, Mikael giving her the thumbs-up.  Lyaness slid the door open swiftly and silently, stepping ahead into the next room.  Lyght followed her, giving a quick glance around the room – noting a simple, circular structure complete with furniture and even a piano – before locking his gaze back onto Lyaness.  Interesting… so they’d even gone to lengths to make this look like a normal room.  Well, it definitely wasn’t that. 
As it turned out, the going was very slow, and Lyght couldn’t help getting frustrated.  Lyaness spent more time standing and looking, a look of intense concentration on her face, than she did actually moving.  Lyght made sure to follow the moves she did make to a tee, moving and stepping in the exact manner that she did – knowing that if he tripped an alarm it was all over for them.  Lyght took every step with dread, thinking that this time, he or one of his friends was going to mess up the slightest amount, and end their chance to ever get to the apex. 
After twenty grueling minutes, Lyght took a careful step sideways over what he knew was an invisible beam of light, and came to a stop as Lyaness grabbed his wrist.  They were all in the center of the large room now, once Mikael and Sky stepped over the final beam.  Lyaness indicated for Lyght to raise his hand up to the trapdoor on the low ceiling above, otherwise plain looking but with an odd twisting, circular symbol painted on it that Lyght didn’t recognize.  He channeled spirit as before, but was frustrated to see that it didn’t work.  Lyaness nodded to herself, than motioned for Mikael to place his hand on the symbol next to Lyght’s.  This time, when Lyght sent a burst of spirit through his hand, the black symbol glowed a sudden, blinding white, and the trapdoor swung open.  Lyght looked upward, tense with anticipation, but couldn’t see much other than darkness.  That had to be where the Dark blocked out the windows – there was no light getting through up there.
Lyght clambered up through the door after the other three, feet hitting a dusty floor as he crouched in anticipation with a hand over the knife on his right hip.  He was in an enormous room, he could tell that, but it was taking awhile for his eyes to adjust.  Before he could make out much of his surroundings, he did suddenly become aware of the fact there was someone standing in the room with them, near the center.  A large figure, glinting with some dark color that Lyght couldn’t make out through the gloom.  The figure turned around as he heard the trapdoor close, and spoke in a voice that stopped Lyght in his tracks.
“So… you came.”


Chapter Forty-Nine
At first, Lyght was sure he hadn’t heard right.  That somehow, his injuries from before were affecting his senses.  Or maybe it was something else… but he was sure that he’d somehow made a mistake.  No… he definitely hadn’t heard what he thought he’d heard.  It wasn’t even possible to hear that voice anyway, because that voice was dead. 
And had been for ten years.
Lyght inched forward cautiously, his friends at his side, still with his right hand on the knife at his hip as he prepared for the individual in the center of the room to attack him.  The figure spoke in the voice again, and now Lyght really had to believe there was something wrong, “Long time no see Lyght… wow, you really grew up.”  The figure moved with such sudden speed it blurred, and Lyght tensed, glad he’d thought to keep his hand on his knife.  The shadowy figure flashed right in front of him and Lyght unconsciously took a half step back, waiting for the blow to fall.  It never came.  
A hand fell on his shoulder, and Lyght looked up…
And looked into his father’s face for the first time in ten years.
Lyght froze in shock, unable to believe what he was seeing.  It just wasn’t supposed to be possible; Lyght had seen the attacker’s swords pierce his father’s heart on that fateful night ten years ago.  He’d felt the agony burn deep inside himself as he’d exploded with anger and lashed out at the assailants with his newfound Dreamcasting power, potent even as a ten-year-old in his rage.  However, even Lyght had fallen under a vicious attack from the numerous attackers.  
He’d never been able to prove it, but Lyght had always had the strongest feeling that the Dream Syndicate had carried out the attack.  Lyght hadn’t known for years who the mysterious figures in black were, but years later he began hearing of the Dream Syndicate, a criminal organization in the north who were essentially rogue Dreamcasters.  Lyght couldn’t say why exactly, but he’d begun to think in recent years that it had been the Dream Syndicate who had killed his father.  This suspicion had been underlined when the King had recently revealed that the Dream Syndicate was the sworn enemy of the Legion.  Lyght had figured that taking out not just one, but two Dreamcasters with future potential of joining the Legion was just the kind of thing this group would do.  Again, he never could prove it, as the attackers had been cloaked in all black without markers.  But he’d always hated the Dream Syndicate for what he felt they’d done to him.  
But anymore… he didn’t know what to think of them.  Sky had been traveling with their leaders, and swore their mission was really to destroy the Dark – which, according to her, was sourced by the King to cement his rule over an ignorant people.  Seth and Iri were apparently Dream Syndicate leaders as well, and they didn’t seem like the type of people who would sanction his father’s murder.  Lyght just felt so… confused at the moment.  Nothing made sense
And to underline that sense of confusion, here was a face from Lyght’s past, a dead past, coming up again in the most bizarre of circumstances.  It almost felt too good to be true; Lyght half-thought it just had to be an imposter.  There was no way his father had survived the strike to the heart that Lyght had watched happen, and he knew that no art, Dreamcasting or otherwise, could bring back the dead.  Lyght studied the man’s face, trying to look for the giveaway that he was an impostor.
He found nothing, however.  It was indeed Lucent’s face, complete with the same hair and eyes that had been passed down to his son.  No one Lyght knew today had known both him and his father; but if they did, they would’ve had to note that they looked scarily alike.  Indeed, Lucent looked almost exactly how Lyght would imagine he’d look at that age – the same messy black hair, the same light brown eyes, and the same athletic build.  Lyght couldn’t help but feel like he was looking at a reflection of himself in the future as he stared into his dad’s face.
And then, the man did something that Lyght was sure no impostor would ever do; he reached an arm out and pulled Lyght into a one-armed hug, messing Lyght’s hair up with his other hand just like he used to do when Lyght was a kid, roaming the land with his father and searching for the Legion.  This gesture, more than anything else, brought the reality crashing down like a thunderbolt through Lyght’s mind – this was no fake.  Only Lyght’s real father would’ve known the gesture, and thought to use it at a time like this.  It was the exact sort of thing Lyght’s dad would do after not seeing his son for over ten years.  
Pulling back, Lyght’s father Lucent stood up straight, looking at his now eighteen-year-old son with fascination, “Wow, you’ve gotten tall!  Almost my height now.  You don’t know how old that makes me feel”.  Lucent laughed, and Lyght found he couldn’t quite return the favor.  It was like there was some sort of knot in his throat preventing him from speaking.  He could see comprehension dawning on Sky and Mikael’s faces off to the side, as the realized who this must be.  Although, like Lyght, they seemed wildly confused about how this could even be happening.
After a few moments, Lyght swallowed hard, finally gaining the ability to speak, albeit in a pretty weak voice, “Yeah – it’s… right… Um, how –?”  Despite Lyght’s mangled speech, his father clearly understood the meaning plainly enough, “I’ll explain it in full, I promise.  But what I say won’t make any sense without the explanation from my friend here first.”  Lucent motioned behind him, and Lyght looked over his dad’s shoulder, now making out another three shadowy figures in the darkness – two giant, one much smaller.  They stepped forward at the mention, and Lyght was surprised to see Seth and Iri flanking Lyn on either side.  Apparently, they must’ve successfully freed the hulking Legend.
Lyn wasn’t wearing his Legion armor or cloak now, however.  He sported a tattered white shirt and black shorts – it was clear he’d just been in prison.  Although from Lyght’s understanding, the term hadn’t been longer than a few hours; Lyn still looked completely healthy.  He was unarmed, however.  Lyght had to admire the Legend’s bravery in sneaking up here, to surely the most high-security location in the Dreamscape, as a wanted man who’d just broken out of prison.  The fact that the Legend had been teaching Lyght and working in the Legion the whole time while simultaneously acting as a double-agent the whole time for the Dream Syndicate was apparently, according to Sky at least, the reason for his arrest.  And if Sky was to be believed, Seth and Iri had also been leaders of the Dream Syndicate all along.  And the fact that they’d been in the heart of the King’s Dreamscape the whole time, training at his Legion Academy without being found out for who they really were?  Incredible.
Of course, Sky had also claimed that what the Dream Syndicate really wanted was to destroy the Dark.  If this was true – and Lyght had doubts that it was – then he realized his original decision back in Kona had really been to pursue the objectives of the Dream Syndicate or their enemy, the Legion.  Lyght had come all the way up to the apex of Triumph to find out more about which group really held the truth – the right way forward.  He needed to find that out, he had to.  Lyght couldn’t be working with a group whose objectives he didn’t truly understand and believe in.  The confusion stopped here.
Lyght opened his mouth to ask Lyn a question, but the Legend raised his hand, forestalling him, “I know what you’re gonna ask – Seth and Iri filled me in on the whole situation so far.  The reason I’m here now is to tell you everything.  We planned to tell you all of this when you were ready; we were very close to that moment, but due to circumstances we never quite got there.  The King somehow found out that I was working with the Dream Syndicate, though if he had the slightest clue who I really was, he never would’ve put me in that sorry excuse for a prison.  He would’ve killed me himself.  Or tried to… again.”
Lyn walked towards Lyght and continued, “Some of what I’m about to tell you I’ve already told Sky, some of it I haven’t.  Consider this the reason why you need to help us destroy the Dark.  I’ll let you know how we go about doing that once I’m finished, but I think you deserve an explanation.  I want you to make the decision because you want to, not because you feel compelled to.”  Lyght nodded slowly, still not sure where Lyn was going with this.  He resolved to withhold judgment for the moment, however.  He’d come to understand that there was still much he didn’t understand.
Lyn paced back in forth and motioned up in the air, “Where we are right now is called ‘the apex’ of the tower of Triumph, the King’s great diamond palace built especially for his purposes at the beginning of his reign, over a thousand years ago.  As you could probably tell the first time you saw the tower, Dark clouds the diamond windows of this apex, because the apex is the location from which the Dark is sourced.  There is, however, a receptor within the location where the Dark comes, from.  Destroying the Dark means destroying that receptor, but we’ll get into that in a little while.”
“Sky should’ve already told you about the real history of the Dreamscape, is that correct?”  Sky nodded, and Lyn gave her an appreciative look, “Thank you.  I know it’s really complicated, and Lyght probably didn’t fully understand, but no need to worry.  He’ll see what this is all about as we go along here.  Best to learn through experience, especially when re-learning something like, oh I don’t know, your whole reality.”  Lyn laughed, and Lyght frowned, put-off by Lyn’s words.  Lyn would have to do a whole lot to convince Lyght that everything Sky had said concerning Decimader Vuruman’s history was actually true.
Lyn took a deep breath, looking up at the dark, tapering ceiling, “Where to begin?  For starters, you should know who I really am.  My birth name, my name from my other life, is ­Llewelyn – that’s why I picked Lyn for short.  You know the Godra race that Sky mentioned?  I’m one of them.  In fact, I was Decimader Vuruman’s best friend when we were growing up together – we were inseparable at the time.  As you know from Sky, however, Decimader… he… kind of lost it when his father chose me as his successor.  King Eld chose me to rule the human race, although I was of the lower branch of the family who’d never had that opportunity.  I suppose the King believed I had the leadership character Decimader lacked, despite my friend’s prodigious talents.  I never asked for the position, understand, but I was of course excited about a chance to lead the human race.  I hoped Decimader would understand, and that he would help me in my position.”  Lyn laughed bitterly, “Well far from that, he attacked and killed his parents, and attacked and tried to kill me.”  Lyght listened in disbelief as he heard the story.  This definitely didn’t fit together with everything he’d been told his whole life.  
Lyn exhaled, looking a bit stressed, even, as he recounted his distant past, “I still don’t know how Decimader’s final blow didn’t kill me.  I fought back against him, you see, but my heart wasn’t in it.  I didn’t want to kill my friend, but I couldn’t help but feeling the man I was looking at was not the friend and brother I’d grown up with.  Regardless, he defeated me, delivering the killing blow right through my chest.  I fell to the floor, and presumably died.  But when I awoke next, I was not in Aether – the home of the Godra race – but on the ground in Gaien.  I somehow just… felt like I knew what to do.  I obviously had no idea what Decimader was planning with the Dreamscape, but I felt compelled to go the area of Gaien that Decimader added on and created himself before it was completely walled off by his power – which I’ll explain in a second.”  
“To fast forward to much closer to the present day, I should say that the reason why I aided in the formation of the Dream Syndicate years ago for the purpose of destroying the Dark once and for all.  Ever since the King changed how he sourced the Dark over ten years ago, it has become possible for the first time in the history of the Dreamscape to actually destroy the Dark, and free everybody trapped inside it.  Let me explain further what I mean by that.” 
Lyn began pacing back and forth continuing on, “I still hate to talk about it, because of how it turned out.  But you should know that the Dreamscape is not the real world, if you can believe it.  It’s only a part of the real world, a part that is blocked off from the rest of the world by the force we know as the Dark.  Decimader Vuruman’s power is the widespread manipulation and usage of this “Dark”, which he uses to literally screen the whole Dreamscape – as he dubbed it over a thousand years ago upon its creation at his hands – from the wider world historically known as Gaien.  He can do all of this, quite frankly, because he is not human.” 
“His Dreamcasting power, if you will, is the usage and manipulation of what’s known to the Godra as ‘dark matter’.  Everything you see in the world around you is made of matter – it’s what you can feel, touch, smell, taste, and interact with.  It’s what Dreamcasting manipulates… or at least the watered-down version you humans can use, that cannot create.  Everything you see around you, the Dark excepted, is made of matter.  Decimader… you have to understand what he was like when he was young.  He was definitely the greatest prodigy I’d ever seen.  Gifted… intuitive with his spirit use, like it was a real extension of one of his limbs, or a sixth sense.  He just had it; in such a special way that no other Godra could have claimed, maybe in the entire history of the race.”
“Well, at some point in the years leading up Decimader’s breakdown, he, with his prodigious skills and brilliant mind, somehow discovered this ‘dark matter’.  He often discussed it with me, and I was fascinated to learn of its properties that he was just beginning to understand at the time.  The stuff is completely invisible; it neither emits nor absorbs light.  It can be manipulated by Dreamcasting, but it’s a very subtle and extremely-difficult art I could never grasp.  Only Decimader could apply his spirit to manipulate this invisible matter, and even then it was hard to work with.  I noticed, however, that when Decimader used his spirit to manipulate the dark matter all around us, the stuff immediately became an ultra-black, like the vacuum of outer space.  I know you don’t know what that is – but bear with me.  What this was, understand, was the predecessor to what we know today as ‘the Dark’.”  
“And even today he uses this technique in his Dreamscape.  Dark steel, for example, is regular steel infused with, and strengthened-by, Decimader’s spirit applied to the dark matter in everything – to make it extra strong, sharp, and lethal.  You see, wherever there is dark matter in the Dreamscape – and that’s pretty much everywhere – Decimader has a profound level of control.  That’s why he needs to be stopped.”
Lyn stopped speaking at this point, so Lyght finally found a point to break in, bursting with questions as he was, “ So…”, Lyght struggled to put everything Lyn said together, “what you’re saying is, the King controls and uses the Dark?  For what purpose?”  
Lyn held up a finger, “One reason: control.  I don’t understand this part, but the Dark compels people to go to sleep while its out, which serves the double purpose of allowing Decimader to do whatever he wants in the realm during that time with no one noticing, while also ensuring no one but his Legion gets to see or understand the Dark.  In addition, the Dark serves as a barrier that cuts off the human kingdom from the rest of the Dreamscape.  Decimader wants his rule to be absolute, and he doesn’t want the Godra’s other races to be involved or compete with him for power.  I don’t know what his objective is, since even he can’t keep such a massive thing as the Dark going forever, but it won’t matter if we’re able to destroy the Dark tonight.”
Lyn drew himself up and looked back and forth between Lyght and Mikael, “But before I get to how we’re going to do that, there’s one more crucial point I need to add.  The deal originally was that the Godra would hold the creative Dreamcasting power for a certain period of time, and then voluntarily ‘give the power up’ and descend down to Gaien as mortal beings at that time, to be ‘reincarnated’ in a sense through what we call an ‘Heir’ of the Godra within the race that Godra’s family ruled.  Now, it just so happened that, as Decimader and I were growing up, the time came when we were asked to start thinking about creating our Heirs and effectively ‘dying’, as the reign of the Godra from Aether would end soon.  Decimader, of course, highly objected to that.  Admittedly I hadn’t underwent the proper Dreamcasting technique to create my Heir went Decimader went crazy and tried to kill me, but I did have just enough spirit left at the time to release the technique as I lay dying.  And Decimader doesn’t know it, but when he came down from Aether to Gaien, and so much time had passed that the Godra race was no more, his Heir was triggered automatically.”
“Decimader believed you two, Lyght and Mikael, were somehow destined to defeat the one Heir – mine – that Decimader thought would be born into the Dreamscape and cast him down from power.  He was going off something I intentionally drew on a cave wall to mislead him, something called ‘the Covenant’, which he might have mentioned to you.  While Decimader believed from this Covenant that you two were destined to destroy the one Heir of mine, the Dream Syndicate and I knew better.  We’ve been watching you for long enough now, and from my experience as well as Seth and Iri’s, we’re now positive that you two are the Heirs of both myself and Decimader Vuruman.”  
It took a moment to sink in, but when it did, Lyght snapped his head around in surprise and turned to look at Mikael, who oddly didn’t look that surprised for some reason.  He did seem somehow… defiant though.  Lyght frowned. 
Lyn drew himself up and kept speaking, “We were going to come inform you of this conclusion ourselves, but Seth, Iri, and I were somehow found out and captured.  I don’t know how, but someone must’ve figured out who we were and told the King.  Well, regardless, we’ve all escaped and we’re here now with you two; the Heirs of myself and Decimader Vuruman, so you can help us undo the damage that me and Decimader’s friendship caused to the human race and the world.  Using the Dreamcatcher, we’re going to destroy the Dark now.”  
Lyght was caught off guard by the sudden change in direction, but nodded, pulling the Dreamcatcher out of his pocket.  For some reason, Lyn’s explanation just felt right.  He supposed the presence of his father, along with all the other pieces of information finally fitting together, had finally convinced him that destroying the Dark was the right way to go.  Regardless he took a step toward Lyn with the Dreamcatcher looped around his hand, “Alright, what do we need to do?”
Oddly, Mikael chose this moment to jump in, “Woah, woah, hang on a second.  Think about what we’re doing here, Lyght.  We went on a mission for Decimader to go after the Dream Syndicate, and if successful, we were going to be inducted into the Legion immediately.  Well, isn’t that what we’ve always wanted?  What you’ve always wanted?  I mean, now that we completed the mission, you really just want to throw all of that work we did away for some… pointless mission to destroy the Dark?  And all the stuff Lyn’s saying is crazy anyway.  It’s obvious now that he was working for the enemy the whole time.  You’re just going to switch over to their side just like that?”
Lyght, growing increasingly concerned as his friend kept talking, opened his mouth to reply, but was cut off by his dad, who stepped up and looked at Mikael, “You do know I was the one who saved you guys on the bridge, right?  I don’t know who you were fighting, but I wasn’t going to let my son get killed regardless.  And since I saved you in the process, Mikael, I would think you might be a little more grateful and understanding of our cause.”  
Lyght winced a little bit as his dad said this, and he tried to soften the blow a little bit for Mikael, “To be fair, we didn’t know it was you that saved us, and you definitely have both of our deepest thanks for that, I promise.  You saved our lives, you really did.”  
Lyght turned to his friend now, addressing him directly, “And you said destroying the Dark was a pointless mission?  I mean… I know we kind of abandoned that whole idea for a time while we were pursuing the Legion as a goal, but the things we wanted to do for our village never ceased to be important to me, even as I was trying to make the Legion.  When did they cease being important to you?  We heard some clear evidence from someone who’s known Decimader Vuruman for thousands of years about the kind of person he really is behind the mask he wears, and you’re just going to shove all that aside and keep going on about how we need to think about joining the Legion?  That doesn’t matter anymore, Mikael!  If anything, you should be shocked, like I am, about just how wrong we were!  
Lyght shook his head and took and deep breath, “Well, I intend to do the right thing now.  I’d appreciate it if you would put away the nonsense and join me.  I could use your help.”  Lyght put out his fist in their usual gesture, but Mikael shook his head and turned away.  Lyght frowned, completely thrown by Mikael’s behavior.
What’s his problem?
Lyght had no time to think about that, however, as Lyn walked over to him just then, “Alright, we need to get this going – we can’t stay up here too long.  First… or Lucent, sorry, come over here and we’ll get this done.”  A wave of sudden realization hit Lyght as Lyn made the verbal slipup – his dad was the First Legend the whole time!  It all made sense to Lyght now why he hadn’t spoken during their meeting, and why he’d written the in letter he’d handed Lyght that he’d been “looking forward to seeing him.”  
Lyght looked over with a big grin on his face to his dad as he approached, “So… you did make it to the Legion.  You rose all the way to First Legend, even.  That’s incredible!”  
Lucent looked down, “Yeah, thanks… although I’m beginning to wish I’d spent that same time raising you instead of defending a tyrant.  I didn’t know back then what I know now, of course.  You see, the King told me you had died in the attack, and that the Legion had come by and rescued me after the fact – although the opposite happened.  It had been the Legion, who attacked me, and, well… anyway, here.  Look at this.  This is the reason I’m the First Legend.”
Lucent quickly took off his armor and pulled his shirt up over his head, throwing it to the side as Lyght let out an audible gasp.  It took him a few seconds to understand what he was seeing.  Lyght remembered with a flash how the enemy’s blade had struck Lucent through the heart ten years ago.  It still hadn’t been explained how Lucent had survived that.  Well, Lyght thought he knew now.
Where Lucent’s heart should have been, there was a hole – with an oddly-pulsing black crystal in the center.  And odd sort of cube, the thing moved and jumped weirdly, like a heart itself.  Lucent nodded and pointed at it, “I rose to First Legend because I was loyal to the King above all else – which I deeply regret now, having met Lyn – so he thought he could entrust me over anyone else with certain knowledge.”
Lucent looked into his son’s eyes as he explained, “You were right earlier, that sword went right through my heart that night, and it absolutely should have killed me.  However, the attackers – who were not actually the Dream Syndicate, but an undercover Legion patrol out-of-uniform – whisked me to Glory and brought me to the King, who had actually ordered the attack.  I didn’t know any of that last part until recently, but I do remember having woke up with this black crystal where my heart used to be.  After thoroughly testing my loyalty for years and years of working in the Legion, the King elevated me to First Legend, and told me the nature of the black crystal that keeps me alive.”
His dad’s next works made Lyght’s heart skip a beat, “Lyght, this crystal in my chest is the source of the Dark.  The entire thing flows out of here at nearly light speed, as invisible dark matter, and consolidates as Dark in the sky.  And that Dreamcatcher, according to Lyn, was historically owned by the Godra King of the Vuru – leaders of the human race – and was given to them to aid them in their creative mission by whatever deity formed that contract with them.”  Lucent slipped a finger over the Dreamcatcher and pulled it off of Lyght’s hand.  He held it up, looking curiously at the small woven object.  After examining it, Lucent looked up at Lyght and Mikael, “You guys should know what this object really does.  Let me explain.”
“The Dreamcatcher, you see, is based on the fundamental idea of Dreamcasting that the user essentially ‘dreams while awake’; and that they do this through interacting with the universe around them – in other words, matter.  If I understand Lyn correctly, the Dreamcatcher essentially acted as a ‘portal’ of sorts for the Vuru to collectively pool and channel their spirit through while creating the world of Gaien.  The regular matter that made up Gaien was somehow – in a way I don’t understand – transferred through the gaps in the net of the Dreamcatcher, while the invisible dark matter which also played a role in the creation of the world was sourced through the netting itself.”
Lucent glanced over at Lyn before he continued speaking, and the Legend nodded in confirmation, “So, I think I’m right in saying, when Decimader killed his father, he took the Dreamcatcher from him and unleashed the entire pool of the Vuru’s power stored in the netting to unleash the immense collection of dark matter stored in the netting of the Dreamcatcher.  He used that technique that Lyn told you about to infuse his spirit with the dark matter and bring the massive force we know as ‘the Dark’ down to mask the new land he was creating with the regular matter power stored in the Dreamcatcher as well.  Confusing, right?  But when you wrap your mind around it all, you realize it really was a cunning plan – if selfish in nature.”
Lucent tapped the crystal in his chest, “So you, Lyght and Mikael – we need you two to use your unique spirit as Godra Heirs to activate the Dreamcatcher’s capacity in a similar way to how the Godra used it.  In a second, I’ll put the Dreamcatcher over the crystal, and you two will activate it.   When you do that, the whole thing should go in reverse.  The Dreamcatcher will act as a sort of ‘web’ or ‘net’ which will keep all the dark matter in, and let all the regular matter out.  So it will slowly suck in the Dark, trapping it inside the crystal.  Over a course of time – we’re not sure how long, but not longer than a year – the Dark will be completely sucked into the Dreamcatcher, and the amount of dark matter is so large that Decimader won’t notice until it is far, far too late.  Then, the ‘Dreamscape’ will be connected to the outside world again, and Decimader’s tyrannical reign will finally have fallen.  The human race can finally be free again.” 
 Lucent looked down at his son, so similar in look to him, a kind of mini-version of himself.  Lyght nodded firmly back to him with no hesitation, agreeing to the plan.  Butterflies danced in his stomach – Lyght had never anticipated he’d live to see a moment this big.  This… world-changing.  He held his breath.
Lucent winked at Lyght and gave him the old smile he used to always carry around on him, “Well, here goes.”  Lucent placed the Dreamcatcher over the crystal, then pulled something from his pocket – a dislocated part of a metal breastplate.  He sunk the metal into his skin, wincing at the pain, and let go, having placed a protective barrier over the Dreamcatcher and the crystal.  
Lucent pulled his shirt back on and nodded to Lyght and Mikael, “Alright, you two raise your right arms, and point them at the Dreamcatcher under the plate”, Lyght did so, smiling a bit at the nostalgia – remembering the last time his dad had him raise his right arm and try Dreamcasting.  Something crazy had happened back then, and Lyght knew something just as wild was about to happen again.  
As he readied himself, Lyght took a sideways glance at Mikael, half-expecting him to have disobeyed the order.  He was relieved to see, however, that his friend had his arm up and ready – although he did seem to close his eyes in annoyance.  At least he was going to help – according to his dad, both Lyght and Mikael were needed to activate the Dreamcatcher.  Lyght still wasn’t sure about all this stuff about being an “Heir” or whatever, but he trusted his dad that this would work.  His dad always had been the Dreamcasting expert to Lyght, after all.
“Alright”, Lucent spoke up, and Lyght looked around in concentration “each of you direct a continuous stream of spirit at the Dreamcatcher…”  Lyght instantly did so; knowing Mikael was doing the same to his left.  Lyght made sure to focus intensely – this was perhaps the most important thing he had ever done.  He had to make sure to do it right – especially when his father and Sky were there, counting on him…
A long stretch of time passed in silence.  Lyght narrowed his eyes and concentrated… one minute... two… still silence.  After another minute or so, Lyght was starting to become seriously concerned whether this was going to work.  He opened his mouth to say so to Lyn…
And all of a sudden, a burning electric-blue light shot out from behind the breastplate on Lucent’s chest and abounded across the previously dark room, blinding Lyght enough that he had to squeeze his eyes shut.  That still didn’t entirely get rid of the bluish glow.  After a few seconds, however, Lyght tentatively reopened his eyes as the adjusted to the weird brightness.
Lyn raised his voice to congratulate them, “Yes!  There we go.  It’s activated.  Guys, the Dark will begin to be destroyed as of right now.  And Lucent will keep that breastplate over his heart to mask the Dreamcatcher and protect it.  In not too long now, the Dark will finally disappear from the Dreamscape.”  
Lyn walked over and shook Lyght and Mikael’s hands enthusiastically and smiled hugely, “You realize that what you guys just accomplished took over a thousand years of planning on my part, right?  And just like that, it’s done… You guys have my thanks – really.  Thank you.”  Lyght cut off his spirit flow and shook Lyn’s hand, bemused that it was going to end just like that.  After all his struggling back in Kona with deciding whether to try and destroy the Dark or join the Legion, it had all finally ended.  The Dark was finally going to be destroyed, and Lyght knew he was about to experience a world unlike the one he’d known all his life.  He still wasn’t sure how he felt about it… but he had to admit he was excited. 
Lucent walked over to his son and paced a hand on his shoulder.  He had an odd look in his eye, but he smiled and joked as he used to do ten years ago, “There you go, the fate of the world changed just like that.  How dramatic, right?”
Lyght nodded, a smile coming across his face despite himself.  He guessed he was just happy to finally be back with his dad again.  Everything else aside, that’s all he really cared about now.  He was finally home.  
And that’s when it hit.
A huge BOOM erupted all around, shaking the whole tower with a titanic fury.  Lyght fell to his knees, hands clamped over his ears, eyes squeezed shut.  The tremoring continued.  Lyght tried to get up, but another blast rocked the area, and he fell again.  Finally, the tremoring calmed enough for Lyght to rise…
And see dozens of Legends pouring in from all around.
They came from a variety of doorways Lyght hadn’t even known were there.  Waves and waves of the elite soldiers of Decimader Vuruman, the ones that Lyght had dreamed of becoming one day, before… well, tonight.  Tonight had changed everything.
Lyght spun and whipped the knife out of its sheath on his right hip, tensing in a crouch.  Lyght’s eyes shock back and forth in shock as he saw droves and droves of Legends falling on his friends, overwhelming them.  Lyght saw Lyn holding his own, powerfully blasting even the elite Dreamcaster Legends to the floor, spinning with his massive greatsword and cutting them down one-by-one.  Lyght’s father was faring similarly well, swinging a giant warhammer in a circle with surprising speed and flattening the attacking Legends like ferns in the wind.  Seth and Iri were struggling, however, with many times their number, and Sky and Lyaness – the non-Dreamcasters, were nowhere to be seen.  Lyght spun around and saw Mikael coming over to him on his right.  Lyght nodded to his friend and turned his back to Mikael, intending to fight back-to-back with him in their pre-planned formation in the case of being surrounded by a much greater number of enemies.  
Lyght raised his knife into defensive position as a pair of Legends in gleaming blue armor charged him with swords.  Lyght worried that his weapon would do nothing against the much longer swords, and knew he’d have to use Dreamcasting – a problem since the Legends were probably more skilled than him in that, too.  Lyght tensed as they came at him, and he had to wonder…
How did things change so fast?
Lyght drew himself up, eyes locked in on his enemies, knowing Mikael had his back.  He raised his knife, poised to throw it and hopefully take the Legends by surprise… but all of a sudden something hard and heavy slammed into the back of his head with the force of a charging ram, knocking the breath out of him and sending him tumbling to the ground in a sea of red and blackness.  As he hit the floor, Lyght could feel a huge warm spot on the back of his head, despite the helm he’d been wearing.  A very, very bad wound.
Blood.
With effort, Lyght planted his knife into the wooden floor and used it as leverage to roll over onto his back and defend himself against whoever hit him.  Lyght was not at all prepared to see the face of his enemy, however, with Lyght’s blood dripping from his metal armguard.
Mikael smiled at his longtime friend on the ground, “Should’ve listened to me, Lyght.  The Legion… they are the ones we should be fighting for.  Not these other criminals.  The Legion is charged with protecting the Dreamscape against its enemies, and that’s my responsibility now as well, now that the King has made me an official Legend”, he spun with a flair to show the Dark blue Legion cloak he suddenly wore, spinning closer to Lyght and crouching down to look him in the eyes.
“Unlike these other people up here, you’re off the hook because the King wants you and me as Legends.  We made it, Lyght!  But I’m sorry; I have to do this to you for the time being.  I know you’ll come around to common sense eventually.  Just… think about what I said, alright?”  Mikael stood up and motioned to the two Legends who’d been charging Lyght moments earlier.
“Take him, guys.”
Lyght tried to come up on one knee, but a steel kick exploded against the side of his head. Lyght coughed up blood and keeled over, in more pain than he could ever remember in his life.  A sudden brightness fell across Lyght’s flashing vision, and the last thing he saw was the swirl of a dark blue cloak as he feel deep, deep down into the darkness.


Chapter Fifty
Lyght was the wind.
He’d never felt this powerful, this… free.  He looked down on the mountains below, deep blue rivers rolling lazily through the valleys like alpine veins.  Twisting, rushing, falling over cliff sides.  Spraying out into the warm summer air, mist dissipating in a flurry of rainbow flashes.  In the distance, Lyght could see the tropical sea – a tranquil, foaming turquoise.  Flocks of flapping white seagulls rolled over the waves like low clouds, turning and swarming as one, their cries echoing through the mist on this warm summer morning.  Lyght felt like he was taking in a constant deep breath of the wind, like it was rushing through his very veins and soul.  He moved as one with the wind, as a friend and companion.  Southeast, they went.  Towards a verdant, conical mountain capped with an odd coal-black rim on top, above the treeline.  Lyght soared towards it, getting closer, closer…
A painted wing, iridescent in the rising sun, wheeled across Lyght’s vision, followed by an earsplitting roar.  He looked up, eyes squinting in the sudden brightness.  The thing turned its head and looked proudly down at Lyght, the wind, as his equal.  Lyght felt his heart rise, and smiled back, raising his fist in the air. 
But the brightness wouldn’t go away.  The light intensified, getting brighter, and brighter… until Lyght squeezed his eyes shut and put his hands out, “Hey!  Stop!”
The glaring light faded, and Lyght tentatively mustered the will to open his eyes again.  When he did, he found himself not soaring through the air, but flat on his back on the ground.  The clothing he was wearing was comfortable enough, and the floor… rolled a bit as he lay there.  He groaned, trying to understand his surroundings.  His eyes slowly adjusted to the scene, and he bolted up suddenly, looking around.
He was on a ship.
Lyght was assailed suddenly by a host of memories – the tower of Triumph, his father, Lyn, the Dreamcatcher… and then suddenly, they were under attack.  Lyght remember defending himself, and…
He remembered.
Lyght clinched his hand into a fist and slammed it against the deck below as he remembered Mikael’s betrayal.  They had finally activated that Dreamcatcher thing to destroy the Dark once and for all, when they had been suddenly attacked by dozens of Legends under the command of King Decimader Vuruman, who Lyght finally understood for the man he had always been.  Someone who would do anything to hold onto power – including rallying all the Dreamcasters in his kingdom to join an elite organization that served his purposes exclusively; the Legion.  
Lyght, of course, had been misled the same way – he’d spent most of his life either secretly or openly working towards the day when he would finally be inducted into the Legion.  It had been his father’s dream all those years ago, and had become Lyght’s by extension.  Well, his father had, unbeknownst to Lyght, ultimately had gotten his wish.  What it had cost him, however, was a life watching his son grow up – exchanged for a duty to a King who was essentially a tyrant who’d taken power through killing his family and friends and the application of his signature Dreamcasting power; the manipulation of dark matter.  And so Lyght and the others had all finally decided to destroy the Dark, as they should’ve realized they had to do a long time ago.  Sky had been on the right track all along.  Lyght and Mikael had been on the wrong one.
Mikael, however, never could be convinced to switch to the right one.
It was clear now to Lyght what had happened now that he analyzed the events leading up to what had just happened in Triumph.  Mikael had always, deep down, wanted to join the Legion.  When he finally gave up on the more idealistic path of destroying the Dark – which had been Lyght’s idea from the beginning – he fully embraced the path that he believed would lead him to power and future heroism.  Lyght had always known that Mikael had a bit of an ego and a need for recognition, but he’d never thought it would lead his longtime best friend to serve what was clear to Lyght as an unjust – at best – ruler.  Lyght had misjudged him; that was painfully clear now.
Although he had tried to bring Lyght with him, all the way to the end…
Exhaling, Lyght mustered the energy to sit up.  He was in what he recognized as the cabin of a ship.  Presumably, he’d been captured by the Legion.  Where they were taking him, however, he had no idea.  The sudden brightness that had woken Lyght up had come streaming through a window behind the bed he lay in.  He looked out, and saw light dancing over the clear blue water.  So the sun had risen, and they were heading east.
Lyght hopped off his bed and began to move slowly and a bit clumsily towards the door.  He knocked over a lamp on his nightstand as he slid off his bed, multiple wounds protesting heavily at his sudden movement.  The worst one was his head – he had a screaming headache like none other he’d had before.  He’d been hit in the back of the head by Mikael, and then kicked in the forehead by a Legend’s steel boot.  Lyght reached up now and felt a layer of bandages across his forehead, and underneath them a nasty gash, stitched up and obviously deep.  Lyght wished he had a mirror to look at it.  He didn’t have the chance to look for one, however, for at that moment his door opened, and someone walked in who Lyght had least expected to see.
Lyaness hurried over to him, “So you’re finally up!  It’s been three days, you know, that you’ve been out.  Lyn was starting to get really worried, and I…”  Lyaness shook her head, “Well, you’re alright now, right?  How do you feel?  You don’t feel… confused?”  Lyght shook his head, “No I remember everything that happened before I got knocked out.”  Lyaness nodded, “Good, then somehow you avoided a concussion.  Very lucky considering the circumstances. You –”
Lyght had to interrupt; he couldn’t hold it back any longer, “Hey, Lyaness?  Didn’t we get captured by the Legion?  Why are you allowed to just walk around freely like this?”
Lyaness shook her head, a look of amusement on her face.  Lyght was bemused but unsurprised to see the hood still up over her face, as always.  He’d always wondered why she did that.  That would have to wait until another time however, as there were more important matters to get to now.  
“I thought for sure we’d get captured”, Lyaness said.  “I can put up a good fight – better than you might imagine – but I’m no Dreamcaster, and even if I was I wouldn’t be able to fight off Legends that outnumbered us ten to one.  No, I was surrounded and pinned against the wall by a group of Legends in under a minute, and they spirit-chained my hands, legs, arms, everything.  They were clearly planning to arrest us, I think.  After you were knocked out, apparently, was when Lyn did something amazing.  All of a sudden, he glowed this brilliant white-gold color, and transformed somehow into part human, part beast… part god even.  He fell upon the ranks and ranks of Legends like some unstoppable fire, and within a minute had them all unconscious or dead on the floor.  I’ve never seen anything like it.  It’s really hard for me to describe it even, you had to see it… but you know what this means, right?”  Lyght nodded, “Yeah…”
Lyaness continued, “This confirms to me that he’s exactly who he said he was.  One of these Godra, or whatever.”  Lyght glanced out the window at the rolling sea and pondered that for himself, “Yeah… that’s what it sounds like to me too.”  Lyght hesitated, not sure what he wanted to do next.
Well first, I need to thank Lyn for saving my life.
Lyght looked back at Lyaness, “We got away from the Legion… so where are we headed on this ship?  Can I talk to Lyn about it?”  Lyaness nodded, “Best to let him explain everything.  Come on, he’ll be up on the deck.”  The pair made their way out of the cabin and into the hallway, up a few flights of stairs, before emerging out onto the suddenly-bright deck of a ship that Lyght didn’t recognize.  The sun must’ve risen not fifteen minutes ago, about the same time Lyght had woken up.  Lyght shielded his eyes, seeing how the warm orange glow reflected off the waves, and took a deep breath of the salty air.  It was mild out – not as warm as the South, but warm enough for the central Dreamscape this time of year, where Lyght still assumed they were.  In fact, if the large land masses ahead and behind were any indication, they were sailing out of the channel – away from the Pride domain, and toward the island of Apathy.  
Lyaness and Lyght climbed another flight of stairs at the aft the led up to the wheel of the ship, manned by a tan veteran-looking sailor with a salty gray beard and eyes to match.  The man was talking to Lyn as he gently twiddled the wheel, plotting their course.  It was a pretty large ship, a multi-decker, although from what Lyght saw the deck was largely empty.  A few sailors wandered below, but that’s all Lyght could see.  As he and Lyaness approached, Lyn noticed them and turned in their direction, “Aha, awake at last, Lyght!  It’s been three days you were out, you know.  How are you feeling?”  
Lyght shrugged, “Fine I guess, although my head hurts like hell.”  
Lyaness jumped in, “No concussion, Lyn, though I have to say he was lucky to avoid it.  Being slammed in the front and the back of the head like that…”  The hulking former-Legend nodded, and strolled over to Lyght and Lyaness, “Let’s head down to the deck, shall we?”  So Lyght and Lyaness followed Lyn down to the light-brown deck of the ship, bouncing slightly in the relatively calm waters between Apathy and the channel.  They came to a stop midway along the gunwale on the starboard side, facing south.
Lyght preempted his teacher and mentor, “Hey, Lyn… thanks a lot.  You saved my life back there, and I guess the others’ as well.  I don’t know how I can ever –” Lyn waved a hand, cutting him off, “Don’t worry about it.  You’ll be able to pay be back if you help me in the next phase here.  And I have to think you’ll be excited to help.”  Lyght was startled to hear this from a man he now looked to as their leader.
The next phase?  What is that?
Lyn leaned back against the gunwale and crossed his arms as a pleasant wind blew across the deck, “But first, let me fill you in on what happened back there.  As you might have realized – and understand I don’t blame you for this in the slightest – your friend Mikael betrayed us and brought most of the Legends in Glory down on our heads.  That much was clear when he attacked you and even directed some of the Legends around.  He probably shouldn’t have carried out the attack, especially after hearing who I really am.  I guess he just didn’t know what I – and Decimader as well – are truly capable of as Godra.  Well, his mistake.  Although it seems to me like Decimader was likely the one to plan the ambush, of course not knowing who I was either.  Had he known, he would have surely come himself.”
Lyght nodded, “Yeah, Mikael said something to me about him and the King making some secret deal behind our backs that promised Mikael an automatic spot in the Legion if he captured some of us. Once he realized we were all in the same place at the same time, he must’ve somehow tipped off the Legion without us noticing.”  Lyght took a deep breath, shaking his head and looking out at the ocean. 
“I guess Decimader knew that Mikael was really the one who would do anything to make the Legion… I just never guessed that would involve turning on his friend.  I knew him for ten years… ten years Lyn.  We grew up together, the only two orphans – and Dreamcasters – in the village of Kona.  Our situations were scarily alike, you know.  Growing up with only our fathers for years, only to have them taken away from us.  The village became our family, our lives, and our motivation.  It’s why we originally wanted to destroy the Dark.  At some point though, in Glory, Mikael must’ve become too enamored with the prospect of making the Legion.”  Lyght slammed a fist into the wooden gunwale, “I just wish I knew where he went wrong.  I could’ve talked to him, I should’ve –”
Lyn put a massive hand on his shoulder, cutting him off, “It’s not your fault, Lyght.  One thing you’ll learn in life is that you can’t control what others do; you can only control yourself.  It seems depressing, but I promise you it’s not.  If you build a strong circle around you of people you trust, that’s the best way of supporting both yourself and them – through understanding that is.  When someone betrays that trust, it’s never your fault, it’s theirs.  If there’s one thing I know to be true, is that it’s better to trust and be let down than to never trust and be alone.  Because whenever one person lets you down, the others in your circle will be there to pick you back up.”
Lyn pushed himself off the gunwale, looking at his student, “That’s us, Lyght.  Myself, Lyaness, Seth, and Iri – you can count on us going forward.  And we’re not going to let you down, I promise.”  Lyght nodded appreciatively, feeling an understanding pass between them.
Although he was also wondering – intensely – about something else that hadn’t been mentioned…
“Lyn?  What happened to Sky and… my dad?  Are they with us too, or…?”
Lyn paused for a second, then shook his head and looked off at the ocean, “No, they’re not with us on this voyage, but I can promise you they’re both safe and sound.  Your father needs to stay in the Dreamscape for now, where he will continue… working to bring Decimader down. We’ve been colleagues for a while now, and you should know that I have the highest trust in him to complete his mission.”  Lyn smiled at Lyght; a bit sadly it seemed, for some reason. 
“Sky will return with her friends to Kona, so that she can protect the people in your village through the tumultuous times to come in the Dreamscape.  That was her choice to make – and hard as it was for her to give up being with her brother – she knew that she has a duty to use what she knows now to keep her family and friends safe in Kona.  I’m sure you understand.”
Lyght nodded, feeling a lump in his throat.  He had to admit, he was proud of his dad and Sky for remaining behind to do what needed to be done while the rest of them went out to… wherever it was they were going.  Regardless, Lyght couldn’t wait for the day when he was reunited with his family – both his blood family like his dad, and his other family in Sky and the other villagers.  For now though, he wanted to keep helping Lyn, Lyaness and the Dream Syndicate in their mission.  If there was still anything to be done to bring Decimader down, Lyght wanted to do his part.  If nothing else, once Lyght had found out that the King had sent the attackers to capture his father and kill Lyght that night ten years ago, he became the enemy that Lyght needed to defeat.  He couldn’t tolerate his family and friends living under a man who would do that to his own people.
Lyght looked at Lyn and asked the simple question, “So, what’s next?”
Lyn laughed, “Right to the point, then?  Alright, well, we’re not going to Apathy, we’re going around it.  We’re leaving the Dreamscape, you see.  What will happen over the next few months – although I’m not sure exactly how long – is that the Dark will slowly dissipate until it no longer shrouds the land every other night, and even disappears entirely.  The Dreamcatcher your father keeps in place over the crystal source he carries will suck in the dark matter, as we said.”
The wind kicked up, a strong breeze coming off the ocean.  Lyn took a deep breath of the salty sea air, looking east towards the sunrise, “During this time, we will start by sailing through the Dark layer that comes down to the ocean a few dozen miles east of Apathy.  This marks the border of the Dreamscape – and the only reason we can get through it is because, simply, I’m not a human, and I have powers that are far beyond what any human can accomplish.  I can temporarily keep the Dark enough at bay for us to see our way out of the Dreamscape.”
“From there, I will have returned to the main world of Gaien for the first time in over a thousand years.  I’ll explain more once we get there, but we will likely speak to the leaders of the different races to try and form an alliance against Decimader.  For one thing I think I can say with assurance is that once the Dreamscape collapses, Decimader is going to want to fight back.  That… and he still likely wants revenge on anything and everything that is the descendant of any Godra, whether they were involved in the decision to pass him up as King or not.  That’s the kind of person Decimader is – he never could just let things go.  Rest assured; Decimader is going to put up an otherworldly fight.  And unfortunately, he’ll probably have much of the human race behind him.  That’s one of the main reasons why the Dream Syndicate will remain in the Dreamscape working to erode his support, and build some for our cause in these coming months.”  
Lyght nodded.  He didn’t have to say anything in reply – he and Lyn seemed to have an intuitive understanding by now.  The type he’d only ever felt with Mikael and Sky.  Lyght couldn’t help but remember Lyn’s words from just a few minutes ago.
If there’s one thing I know to be true, is that it’s better to trust and be let down than to never trust and be alone.  Because whenever one person lets you down, the others in your circle will be there to pick you back up.
Lyght knew that Lyn knew, and Lyaness knew, that they were all in the same fight together.  And although Lyght hadn’t known Lyaness, Seth, or Iri for that long yet, he already couldn’t wait to work with them on the next step, with Lyn leading them.  He felt, more than knew, that it could turn out to be something special.
The trio stood in silence for a few minutes, looking out at the rising sun.  Bright pink shot up into the cirrus clouds hanging above as the shimmering orange sun vaulted higher over the seabound horizon.  A flash of white suddenly cut Lyght’s vision, and a small bird appeared fifty feet away, out over the warmly-tinted water.  Silhouetted by the morning sun, the creature looked dark and oddly impressive.  Wings beating tentatively, the bird coasted around, body tense.  After several small circles to gain confidence, it winged in and landed on Lyght’s shoulder.  Glancing sideways at the baby bird, Lyght took in the pinkish-orange tint on its immaculate feathers – still untainted by frequent flight.  It was still very young – Lyght was impressed to see it this far out to sea on what looked like its first flight.  It remained perched comfortably on his shoulder as the ship cut east through the azure water.  He let it rest as the ship cut through the azure waters, bounding eastward toward the sunrise.
Exhaling quietly, Lyght raised a hand to his flying hair.  The wind was picking up, carrying the ship swiftly away from the Dreamscape behind them.  Lyght looked behind him to his right, and on a whim turned back away from the starboard gunwale and walked across the gently heaving deck to the aft, looking back at the fading Pride domain and the land where he grew up.  Turning his eyes southward along the coast, Lyght looked longingly towards where he knew his home lay.  His family and friends in Kona would probably have no idea where he was going, or why.  They might even forget about him…
No… he couldn’t let that happen.  He was going away with Lyn, Lyaness, Seth, and Iri, but once they finally destroyed the thousand reign of Decimader Vuruman over the human race, he could go back to living in peace.  Until then, he couldn’t rest, he couldn’t falter – he wouldn’t back down until the human race was freed from the tyrannical clutches of a being who could never truly understand them.  Maybe it was because Decimader Vuruman was not human; but he could never truly understand humanity.  
If so, it had already cost him.  They’d just broken the Dark.  When it faded, humanity would become acquainted with the wider world they’d be missing out on for over a thousand years.  It would take a lot of rebuilding, a lot of healing – and of course Decimader Vuruman wouldn’t go down without a fight – but Lyght was sure that the people of the former Dreamscape could make good lives for themselves on Gaien.
And be free at last. 
Lyght looked at his homeland as it faded out into the distant horizon and closed his eyes, bringing his right hand over his heart in a fist.  He bowed his head, hair blowing in the wind as a new day rose behind him.  I’ll come home.  I may be leaving now, but not forever.
I promise.


Epilogue
This land was the true place of dreams.
The verdant, shallow valley below glowed softly in the morning sun, beams of light reflecting dimly off the swirling white mists on the valley floor.  A rainbow shimmered in the warm air where a rushing white spray erupted out over a smoky black clifftop to the northeast, plummeting hundreds of feet in free fall to the swirling deep blue pools below, rippling in the breeze rolling in off the ocean to their backs.  A sea of wildflowers in every hue; from lavender, to deepest crimson and vermilion, to goldenrod and russet swept across the grassy valley floor, racing up hillsides to the banks of drifting streams.  
Even at this northern latitude, in the onset of winter, no trace of cold or snow was to be found.  Life abounded, in fact.  Bright yellow and orange lizards with ornate frills poked their heads out of cracks in lichen-encrusted rocks, crawling out to warm themselves in the morning sun.  A flock of weirdly elongated, stick-like birds flew in a V-formation overhead, alternately shrieking and trilling in peculiar mechanical voices.  And below, a whole host of bizarre, yet fascinating bird calls that Lyght had never heard before rang out in a discordant chorus from their elevated position on the ridge, and out across the valley he stood over.  
The sky was blue enamel above, and though the sun had just risen ahead of them, the air was already pleasantly warm.  Exhausted from the difficult climb up here in the early morning, Lyght sat down in the dewy grass and rubbed his eyes.  Shrugging his pack off for a second, Lyght yawned and laid back in the grass, arms behind his head.  He watched the cumulus clouds roll slowly by and judged their shapes, as he had been fond of doing when he was a kid.  He thought he saw the vague shape of a palm tree in one of the smaller clouds, with a smattering of circular clouds below that could easily have been fallen coconuts.  
Lyght smiled, albeit a bit painfully – it made him think of home.  And home was somewhere he wasn’t returning to for quite a while, at least.  After all, they had just made it to Gaien – shouldn’t his mind be more focused on the task at hand?  Lyght exhaled and tried to go back to paying attention to the clouds, but it was difficult.  They shifted oddly, rolling away like ocean waves from a point in the center of the formation.  Lyght frowned, trying to find a reason for the clouds’ sudden shift in direction.  One of the taller ones had a dark kind of… blur to it actually, and…
An earsplitting roar rocked Lyght’s hearing as he jumped up with a start.  A hand flew to his back for his sword before he checked himself, realizing that he was probably overreacting.  Lyght had been the first one to reach the top of the cliff they’d just ascended, and so he looked back now for the others.  Indeed, he saw Lyn and Lyaness crest the ridge at about the same time and come rolling into the grass – similarly out of breath – as Seth and Iri followed them not more than twenty seconds later.  Lyn motioned up at the sky behind Lyght and he turned…
An enormous… thing, silhouetted in the bright morning sunlight, plummeted out of the clouds above at an alarming speed.  Lyght put a hand over his eyes, trying to see it, but had to jump backwards as the colossal thing came crashing into the ground.  Arising slowly from a crouch, Lyght was suddenly blinded by a bright shimmering of color, like a scintillating mirror rising dozens of feet in front of him.  He shielded his eyes, trying to see.
A tall, elegant figure suddenly fell past the scintillating mass and landed on his feet, drawing himself up.  Lyght looked the odd… person in his eyes, shimmering a smoky purplish-gray.  He looked too… perfect to be real.  He smiled a welcoming, encouraging smile and spread his arms out wide.
“Welcome to Gaien!  I understand you came from…”  He trailed off, motioning behind Lyght and the others, towards the wall of Dark that churned and swirled, barely visible at this distance out across the ocean.  Lyght turned his back on it immediately and faced the new world, smiling despite himself.
”Yeah, I know where we came from… but where are we going?”
Lyn, stepped forward, shaking hands with the tall, elegant man like they were old friends.  The former Legend turned back to Lyght and answered his question.
“I wish I could describe it all… but some things you really have to see for yourself.”
The eastern horizon called out to Lyght, the warm orange sun bounding over its borders.  He took a deep breath, turned to look at Seth, Iri, and Lyaness behind him, then looked back at Lyn and the unknown man.  Lyght shrugged, but was more excited than he let on.
“Let’s see it, then.”
