The Problem With Black Magic
By Karen Mead

Published by Karen Mead at Smashwords
Copyright 2012 Karen Mead
 
Books in The Familiar Series
Book One: The Problem With Black Magic
Book Two: Succession of Witches
Book Three: Random Acts of Sorcery


Smashwords Edition, License Notes 
Thank you for downloading this ebook.  You are welcome to share it with your friends. This book may be reproduced, copied and distributed for non-commercial purposes, provided the book remains in its complete original form.  If you enjoyed this book, please return to your favorite ebook retailer to discover other works by this author.  Thank you for your support.
 
Dedication:
To Adam

Table of Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Epilogue
About Karen Mead
Chapter One
Cassie gave up hope of getting into her book about two chapters in. The 800-page fantasy tome kept mentioning "spells", and that kept making her shiver, despite the fact that she was positively toasty in her pink hoodie.
She tossed the book on the coffee table next to her haphazardly, where it made a dangerous sounding thump, and stretched out on the leather couch. Maybe she would have to switch genres for a little while; her mom seemed to be fond of mystery novels lately. Cassie had never really cared about "who done it," but reading about magic— even fanciful, old-fashioned stuff with castles and unicorns— was a little too close to home right now.
Across the room, her father was watching a local news discussion show while he went through the mail, his typical weeknight routine. Cassie had been trying to ignore the voices coming from the TV for the past ten minutes, with little success.
“It’s been almost a week, and still we’ve heard nothing substantial,” said a commentator with brassy blonde hair in a dark red power suit. “Washington wants to pretend the situation doesn’t exist, Greenwich is MIA, and who does that leave? CERN? MIT? They’re mystified.”
"What can they say? We lost time— it ain't coming back," said Cassie's father, looking up from the bills he was sorting. He seemed to be talking to the commentator, but he spoke loud enough that his wife in the next room could hear.
"Enough with that, we did not "lose time," that's ridiculous and you know it," said Cassie's mother, almost yelling to be heard over the roar of the dishwasher. "It was a computer error, that's what they're going to find."
Cassie's father threw the business-folded letterhead into his lap, annoyed. "Yes Annette, it was a computer error— every computer and watch in the city at the same time! For no reason! That makes perfect sense!"
Cassie rolled her eyes when her mother barked a reply, shivering again and pulling her knees up to her chest. Her parents had been having this argument nonstop since the aberration was discovered, going back and forth on whether the fact that the city had become 17 and a half minutes behind the rest of the world was a glitch, a prank, or some grand conspiracy. Cassie knew, but she wasn't sharing.
"The fact of the matter is, time stopped here: for almost 18 minutes," said a scholarly looking man with a grey beard on the discussion panel. "If you don't believe what the computers and every analogue clock within a 10-mile radius tells us, there's all those phone conversations that mysteriously stopped on our end. The fact that we don't know why, or the fact that some keep saying it should be impossible, doesn't change the fact that that's the simplest, most logical explanation."
The smiling moderator began to explain that the bearded man taught physics at the university, accompanied by some unnecessary footage of the sunny Sterling College campus, when the TV was switched off by Cassie's mother. Her father rolled his eyes and went back to sorting the bills on his lap. Annette bent her ample frame to put the remote in its holder and looked over at her daughter. "Are you okay, honey? You look a little pale."
Cassie felt the heat rush into her face, and hated herself for it. Why was she even nervous? Even if she did tell them why the news had made her jumpy, it's not like they would believe her. "I dunno, it's just...this whole time-skip thing. It's weird. I wish they would stop talking about it already."
"Not until we get an answer, they won't," said her father, half under his breath. Of course, Annette still heard.
"There may not be an answer, Jon! Can't you just accept that? Can't you just, for once in your life—"
"But what about the people on the phone! Dozens of people, conversations just stopped— Cassie?"
Cassie had jumped to her feet, siding past her mother. She stomped down the hall in her socks, slamming the door to her room behind her. For once, she was happy she and her mother didn't always get along; slamming the door was shorthand for "let me cool off," and her mother would respect their unwritten codes, developed over many years of heightened screaming matches over Cassie's clothes, her friends, the status of her homework— basically, her entire life. Annette could be trusted not to barge into her room for at least an hour.
Cassie dropped face-down on her bed, hooking her arms under her pillow for comfort. The mild buzzing between her shoulder blades that had started last Sunday was annoying, but she could ignore it. She smirked to herself: at least she'd changed the topic of conversation between her parents from the stupid time-skip to what they'd done to piss off their "sensitive" daughter now.
At least sensitive is what her parents’ marriage counselor had called her, though Cassie herself wasn't so sure. A bit of a tomboy when she was younger, still more comfortable around boys than girls, she was anything but a shrinking violet. She had enough of her mother in her to usually speak her mind, although she could only hope that she didn't sound anywhere near as annoying while doing so. The whole "sensitive" angle only came about when she hit puberty faster than everyone else, and suddenly felt like the whole world was calling her fat.
Unable to get comfortable, Cassie got out of bed and walked to the mirror. She knew she wasn't fat— in fact, it was debatable whether or not she was even overweight— but a size twelve was hardly considered the ideal teenaged girl's body, and she knew it. She had been told she was pretty enough times to believe it, and she was a little vain about her eyes, unusually large and dark blue in color. Her glossy jet-black hair, which she always kept short for convenience, was also something she took pride in. It was her shape that was the problem, or so she thought.
Still, looking in the mirror, Cassie saw a normal, and not unattractive, 16-year-old girl; one that could maybe stand to lose ten pounds, sure, but not a big deal. She had obsessed over her appearance a few years ago, but she was more accepting of it now; so she would never be a supermodel. Big freakin' deal, most people weren't and they seemed to get over it. She could too.
Besides, if anything, she was losing weight. One benefit of being so worked up over the past week was that her stomach was in a constant clench, when it wasn't churning with nerves. It made eating seem unappetizing, and she'd only picked at her food lately. Cassie turned to the side, noticing that she had some wiggle room in this pair of jeans for the first time she could remember.
A few weeks ago, Cassie wouldn't have believed that she'd turn down the opportunity to lose weight effortlessly, but now, she'd gladly trade in her old appetite for some peace of mind. For going back to the belief that magic wasn't real, and that it wasn't scary as hell.
Cassie stepped back from the mirror and rubbed her temples; she hadn't been responsible for the time skip, but she knew who was. She had seen him stop time, so that people on the street in front of the shop were paused mid-stride. She had seen a building, leaning sickening to one side and about to collapse and crush dozens of people, if not hundreds, paused at an impossible angle, pulled out of time before it could fall.
It barely took any time after the earthquake before people realized that a circular area, approximately 10 miles in radius, was out of synch with the rest of time. At first, people dismissed the incorrect times as slow watches and computer errors, only to realize that everyone around them was also resetting their clocks. Wristwatches, MP3 players, game consoles- anything with a time function was exactly seventeen minutes, thirty four seconds behind. The banks had discovered it first, and then somehow it went viral- social media networks were ablaze with "Are you in downtown Sterling? CHECK YOUR WATCH!" in a matter of minutes.
Of course, some people found out instantly; anyone who was on the phone with someone in Sterling and heard the other end of the line suddenly go deathly silent knew something was up.
Cassie sat down at her computer, feeling tired even though she'd done nothing but laze around ever since she'd gotten home from school. If she had seen this alone, she could convince herself she was crazy, and that would be that. As it was, she couldn't go five minutes without hearing about the stupid time skip.
Worst of all, the one person who could possibly explain this to her was gone, and probably wasn't ever coming back. Cassie tried to distract herself with an online game, but gave up after only thirty seconds, logging out. She pushed the keyboard out angrily, and rested her head in her arms. Unbidden, thoughts of that Sunday morning began to take over. Mostly, it was the image of Sam reaching out to take her hand that her mind kept repeating.
Leaning back in her chair, Cassie decided then and there that she was going to return to work the next day. It was unlikely going back to the coffee shop after school would clear anything up, but it was better than stewing in her room indefinitely.
Sam. The guy at the shop who always seemed to hate her. Where did he go?
 


Chapter Two
That Sunday morning had begun as a typical shift at The Daily Grind, a downtown coffee shop where she had worked for eight months. Cassie usually did short, four-hour shifts on school nights. It was rare for her to do an opening shift, but she liked to work the occasional Sunday for the money. Early on, the customers were mostly retired people who walked to the shop for coffee as part of their weekly routine, some staying to read a newspaper. The early weekday morning rush— that gaggle of caffeine-craving commuters who kept the shop in business— was something Cassie had never seen. Dwight and Khalil sometimes complained about it, speaking of lines wrapped around the block, but she had reason to believe they were exaggerating.
The Daily Grind was somewhere in between a typical chain coffee shop and a funky independent outfit in appearance. Technically DG was part of a chain, but the franchise was mainly focused on the west coast; isolated from management, Dwight, the wiry musician who managed the shop, had the freedom to make his shop a little less generic. He had dressed the place up with pieces from local artists and his tropical fish tank, which Cassie was sure must be some kind of health code violation.
Dwight himself was busy stocking the fridge with juices from that morning's delivery, his coppery red strands pulled into his typical ponytail. Khalil, their assistant manager, was doing some paperwork at one of the cafe tables, his dark head bent over the clipboard in front of him. If she asked, he would probably say he was doing inventory; she had no idea if he was ever actually doing inventory.
Sam, their barista, dishwasher and espresso-machine-fixer extraordinaire, was in the back, cleaning a few dishes from the previous shift. Their sanitizer, which cleaned the plates, had broken several weeks ago, and they were still waiting for a replacement. Normally under these circumstances the shop would have to close, but Sam had taken it upon himself to clean all the plates, by hand, to hospital-level standards of cleanliness. It meant that he spent a fair amount of time in the back room, but since Dwight had made it clear that Sam was not to do customer service under any circumstances, that was pretty much fine with everyone.
Really, four people (assuming Sam even counted as a person) was too much staff for a Sunday morning, but sometimes Dwight liked to put on more people than strictly necessary so there would be time to get the place organized and sparkling clean— one of the reasons, perhaps, why the shop managed to stay in business while the chain stores nearby both had larger menus and undercut their prices.
Cassie herself was on the register. She had counted out her till, and technically she was supposed to be pricing the merchandise in a cardboard box on the counter while she waited for customers, but she really wasn't doing much; just enjoying her (complimentary) cafe mocha and the smell of baked goods—which she totally wasn't going to eat, because they were unhealthy. Very unhealthy. Right.
Because she was basically doing nothing, she was the first to notice Serenus enter the shop, despite being across the room.
"Good morning, Dr. Zeitbloom," she said in her best happy-cashier-girl voice.
"Helloooo, Bette Davis!" said the thin, nearly bald man in a pinstriped gray suit. Serenus gave her a big smile as he made his way slowly to the counter, balancing on his silver cane. The professor had a habit of calling her the name of a different old-time movie star every time he saw her. She supposed it was flattering, but she usually didn't recognize the names he came out with; at least Bette Davis, she'd heard of.
Khalil and Dwight both said good morning to their regular customer, Dwight with a warm smile and Khalil barely sounding human. Khalil had a friendly personality normally, but he wasn't himself before nine in the morning. That was about how long it took for him to absorb all the free-floating caffeine in the air, he said. One would think someone who helped open the store at six a.m. almost every morning would be used to being up early by now, but apparently not.
"So, what'll it be today? Five-pump iced vanilla latte with three shots of regular, four decaf, and soy milk? Mocha brewed to exactly 201 degrees?" said Cassie, naming some of the professor's famous drink orders. The man was notorious for ordering drinks that were nearly impossible to remember or make. Most customers who did that sort of thing were considered worse than criminals by the staff, but for some reason it wasn't as infuriating when Serenus did it. Maybe because he didn't get mad at them if it took them three tries to make his stupid drink; in fact, it seemed more like he was rooting for them to get it right above all else.
"Hmm, what to drink, what to drink today...small daily blend, Betty Davis Eyes," he said.
Cassie raised her eyebrows, "Just black coffee? That's it?"
He gave a small shrug. "I'm feeling old fashioned."
Cassie smiled as she grabbed a small paper cup from under the counter for his coffee. True, he normally ordered ridiculous drinks, but he also normally came in when Sam was on the espresso bar. It figured that without his favorite barista to torment, he just wanted a cup of coffee like everyone else.
In the four months Sam had been working at DG, Dr. Serenus Zeitbloom was the only person who seemed to be anything like a friend to him— hell, the only person who even seemed to know him outside of the shop. If Khalil was to be believed, the professor had gone on academic sabbatical from his job teaching biology at a prestigious university elsewhere in the country just for the pleasure of tormenting Sam on a regular basis. How the two knew each other wasn't clear, and Sam certainly wasn't talking, but most of the staff at DG guessed that he was Sam's former teacher at one point— at least, before Sam decided to devote himself to washing dishes like nobody's business.
"So, what are you doing up this early, Professor?" she asked as she set his coffee on the counter. Serenus didn't have a regular time you could set your watch by like some of their customers, but she was pretty sure that 8:15 on a Sunday morning wasn't one of his typical visiting hours.
Serenus frowned as he got out his wallet. "I wish I knew," he said, fixing his narrow gray eyes on her with a seriousness that surprised her. "I'm up today, and I'm never up this early on the weekend. I wonder why that is?" he said slowly, as though he was expecting her to know the answer.
"Uh...too much sun in your window?" said Cassie, taking his offered bills and putting them in the register.
"I doubt it," he said, picking up his coffee and taking a small sip. He looked at her over the rim. "Cassie."
She jumped; it was the first time he had ever called her by her actual name. She wouldn't have thought he knew her name, actually. "Uh, yeah?" she said helpfully.
He leaned down so he was at her eye level, careful not to spill his drink. "Just be careful today, alright? Pay attention."
"Oooo...kay..." said Cassie. Well, that was creepy. Even for Serenus, who was definitely on the creepy side, as much as she usually liked him.
He nodded like he'd said his piece and moved to go.
"Hey, uh, Sam's in the back. I can get him if you, uh...wanna say hi," she said awkwardly.
"No, that's alright; he's probably cranky enough this early in the morning without my contributions." And with that, he gave Khalil a friendly nod, and left the shop. Once again, they were customer-free.
Cassie picked up one of the cream-colored tumblers she was supposed to be pricing and felt the weight of it in her hands, thinking. What had that been about? It had been like Serenus had come in to talk to her specifically, but for what purpose? Other than the fact that she sold him coffee at times, they had no connection that she was aware of.
As she played with the large cup, suddenly the door to the back room behind her slammed, causing Cassie to nearly drop the thing. "Hey, no slamming the door!" said Cassie, turning around.
Sam stood before her looking annoyed, one hand clutching a beverage packet. "This was on the wrong shelf. Did you put it there?"
Cassie looked at the packet. "There was no room left on the UBB shelf, so I put it on the CB shelf. Why, does it matter?"
Sam looked her like she was either two years old, an idiot, or both. "There is plenty of room on the UBB shelf. You would have realized that if you ever spent five seconds looking before you just shoved things in anywhere they'll fit."
Cassie opened her mouth to respond to his attitude in kind, but Khalil's sleepy voice interjected before she got a chance to. "Seriously, guys? It's a little early for this."
Cassie swallowed what she was going to say. "Sorry," she said, not meeting Sam's eyes. It just wasn't worth arguing with him.
Sam gave her an incredulous look, like he couldn't believe she had the nerve to apologize to him for the heinous crime of putting a beverage pouch on the wrong shelf, and went off to start his work behind the espresso machine. Cassie glared at his retreating back: they always got on each other's nerves, which in and of itself wasn't so bad— she was used to getting on people's nerves and vice-versa— but the fact that she had a crush on him somehow made her feel like he had won every argument, and that was really starting to bother her.
Stop crushing on him! She yelled inside her head. No one is hot enough to act like he does and me still have a crush on them! What the hell?
He was attractive, that she didn't deny. An inch or two over six feet, he had a slender frame with broad shoulders and narrow hips; not bulky and muscular, but he had just enough meat on his bones to keep him from looking skinny. He had deep-set eyes that seemed to look through everyone, so dark brown they looked black unless you were standing very close to him, and pale hair that she'd assumed was dyed when she first saw him. His eyebrows were almost as dark as his eyes, usually a tip off that someone was a bottle blond.
Now though, she knew better; as he reached toward the top of the espresso machine to put fresh beans in the hopper, the morning sun streaming through the window reflected on the soft down on the parts of his arms that weren't covered by his white button-down shirt, giving him a golden sheen. Apparently he was one of those rare natural blonds with dark eyes, something she found simultaneously alluring and obnoxious. Continuing to watch him work out of the corner of her eye, Cassie suddenly remembered the other reason she enjoyed working Sundays.
Of course, it wasn't just a question of looks; there were plenty of good-looking guys around at school, teachers and students alike, and Cassie didn't feel the heat rush to her face whenever they were in the room. No, there was something about Sam that intrigued her, even when she wanted to scream at him. He had a way of doing work, even the most menial chores like sweeping and washing dishes, that made it seem as though doing them was his choice, as opposed to a job he had to endure. Even though his rank in the store wasn't any higher than hers, he was treated like another manager, and no one took issue with it; it just felt right.
Plus, there was that smile…not his typical smile that was half a sneer, but his rare, warm smile that reached his eyes...
No, bad Cassie! Bad! She thought, He's the enemy!
Just as Cassie was vowing to try to imagine Sam covered with bugs from now on, so she could muster up the proper look of disgust she'd like to fix him with (and hopefully distract his attention from the fact that she was usually blushing when he spoke to her), she started to feel something odd beneath her feet.
For a fraction of a second, Cassie thought that the vibrations she felt might be due to someone jumping up and down for some strange reason, before she realized that, no, the ground was actually shaking; everything was shaking.
Khalil met her frightened eyes for a second before jumping out of his seat. "This an earthquake?"
"I think so," said Dwight, who moved gracefully under a table, motioning the others to follow him.
Khalil positioned himself, putting his hands on the bottom of the nearest table as the vibrations intensified. "Do we even have earthquakes here? I don't remember one.”
"We do, just not often," said Dwight.
"Should I move?" Cassie called out. She was still standing at the register- she could go out to the cafe area and take shelter like they had, but she wasn't sure if moving was safe. Maybe it would be better to stay where she was and wait for it to pass. She bit her lip as the shaking seemed to intensify. She put her hands on the counter to keep from falling over.
In the cafe, a French press displayed on one of the shelves teetered and fell, shattering into a hundred glass pieces on the tiled floor. Several other vessels followed suit, and soon the rumbling noise of the earthquake was punctuated by the sound of breaking glass. In a matter of seconds, the checkerboard floor was covered with glass shards and other debris. Cassie held onto the counter with a white-knuckled grip; it definitely wasn’t safe to move to the café now. She thought the giant coffee carafes bolted into the walls behind her were too solidly attached to fall, but if they did, she was probably dead. Vaguely, as though she were only partially conscious of her body, she noticed her teeth were chattering.
Sam had slipped under the wooden board that employees flipped up to enter the bar area from the café. He pressed his back against the wooden storage unit and extended his arm to Cassie.
"You can get under the counter here," He said.
Cassie hesitated; she wasn’t stupid enough to let her discomfort around Sam stop her from taking shelter, but for some reason, her body didn’t seem to want to move when she tried to go to him. Whenever she tried to take a foot off of the shaking tiled floor, it was like a voice in her head that she couldn’t recognize screamed at her to stop.
Before she could get ahold of herself, the shaking abruptly stopped. Dwight and Khalil waited a few moments before getting out from under their tables.
"Nothing like an earthquake on the east coast to wake you up in the morning," said Khalil, indeed looking wide awake now. He was trying to make light of it, but it was obvious from the dullness in his normally twinkling brown eyes that he had been scared.
"That's the first time we had a real one," said Dwight, brushing dust from the floor off the knees of his black jeans. "We got earthquakes before, but they were so tiny, you didn't know they'd happened until you read about it online. That one though, that was serious. That was like a California earthquake.”
Cassie walked out into the café area and stood next to Khalil, choosing her steps carefully to avoid all of the broken glass and plastic. Now that the danger seemed to be over, her relief was tempered with the knowledge that this was going to be an incredible pain to clean up.
Through the shop window, she could see a bunch of people milling around nervously out front. It seemed that dozens must have emptied out of the surrounding office buildings once the shaking started. Maybe on the west coast, people could shrug this sort of thing off, but they weren’t used to earthquakes in Sterling; everyone had vacated their buildings as fast as possible, undoubtedly thinking of the day the World Trade Center Towers fell in Manhattan.
Sam hadn't gotten up from under the counter, able to see them all from his position. After a moment of silence, his brows crossed as though he was concentrating on something. "Do you hear that?"
At first, Cassie didn't know what he was talking about, but it didn't take long for her to hear the creaking noise too. It started out quietly, but then rapidly became deafeningly loud. The group shared horrified expressions— except Sam, who was looking down. Even through the window, Cassie could hear panicked noises coming from the crowd in the street. Several people pointed towards something Cassie couldn’t see.
"Oh my God, I think one of the buildings came loose from the earthquake," said Khalil too calmly, as the whites of his eyes became more visible around his irises. "We're gonna..."
Just then there was a crack of thunder— out of nowhere, as the sky was utterly blue and cloudless— and everything went dark for a moment.
Cassie was never sure afterwards, but she thought that she must have lost consciousness for a few seconds. When the world came back to her, she was on her hands and knees on the cold tile floor, a shallow cut on her knee where a piece of glass had nicked her, and something felt odd; there was a weird buzzing between her shoulder blades that hadn't been there before. As if the atmosphere in the room was somehow on a different frequency than just a moment ago.
"The hell was that?" said Khalil, running his hands through his short black hair as he regained his balance. "You guys feel that?"
"Aftershock from the earthquake?" suggested Dwight, hands under his armpits for warmth. It felt like it the temperature had suddenly dropped twenty degrees in the shop.
"That wasn't the earthquake, the shaking stopped. It just felt...wrong," said Khalil, wrapping his arms around his torso. "And why's it so freakin' cold all of a sudden?" He turned toward the front window. "Oh my God," he said softly, and Cassie and Dwight followed his eyes.
The crowd of people in the street was motionless. They weren’t just standing still, but frozen as though they were wax sculptures in a museum. Several people were frozen with their arms raised, pointing at something off to Cassie’s right. On the other side of the street, Cassie thought she could see a pigeon frozen in mid-flight.
"It's like they’re frozen," said Khalil, his voice barely above a whisper as he stepped toward the window. "It's like everything outside this room has stopped."
"It has," came Sam's voice from behind them. "Khalil, go outside and see if you were right. See if that creaking noise was one of the buildings falling." He had pulled himself up and was leaning against the counter with his back to them, his hands massaging his forehead, like he had a terrible headache.
Khalil whipped around in Sam's direction. "You insane? I'm not taking one step outside this room. We don't know the hell's going on— for all we know, those people could be—"
"Just do it," said Sam quietly, still keeping his back to them. Cassie felt her stomach lurch as the realization that this situation was Sam's doing, somehow, sank in. She couldn't imagine how, but she knew that the weird buzzing sensation she felt originated with him.
Whether Khalil had just realized the same thing Cassie wasn't sure, but something in Sam's voice made him decide to listen. He ran out the door, picking his way carefully through the frozen people, clearly trying not to touch them. He made his way across the street, turning with his back against the window of the jewelry shop across from DG to get a look at the sky above the shop, following the direction of the pointed fingers with his eyes. When he came back inside, his normally dark skin had taken on a grayish hue.
"The Dowling building, on the corner— it's falling. It's frozen like everything else, but it's keeled over like the Leaning freakin' Tower of Pisa."
"Faulty construction," said Sam quietly, rubbing his face. “It won’t fall over on its side, but it will collapse downwards. A skyscraper should be able to withstand an earthquake, but if they took shortcuts….” He turned to face them gingerly, as though moving hurt, still using the counter to support his weight. 
Cassie heard herself gasp, and put her hands to her mouth; instead of his normal, dark eyes, Sam's irises were an unnatural color— somewhere between the garnet earrings she sometimes salivated over at the jewelry store across the street, and glowing red LEDs. They gave off a light strong enough that it turned the top of his white shirt pink, and cast a red sheen on the glass surface of the pastry case nearby. Though she'd never seen him like this, Cassie had a nagging feeling that this was what he had always looked like— and she would have noticed if she'd ever really paid attention.
Dwight was unmoving on the spot, while Khalil swore and put his hands up in supplication. "Uh, hey man, all those times I called you a pretentious asswipe— it was a term of endearment. You know that, right?"
Sam looked down and gave a weak smile, beads of sweat becoming visible on his forehead. "It's not for your benefit. I can't waste the effort to keep up the disguise anymore." he sighed. "Listen, I'm sorry but I screwed up. You all should start running, now."
"Run where?" said Cassie, somewhat proud of herself for finding her voice. Sam fixed his garnet eyes on her, and she suddenly felt uncomfortably hot despite the cold temperature in the room.
"Far enough away that you won't be trapped in the rubble when that building collapses. I wanted to fix it, but I messed up; I froze time in too big an area. Now I don't have the strength left to brute-force that thing back to stability. At least you three can still get away, though." He took a deep breath, which seemed to hurt him.
The three of them exchanged glances while Sam took deep, gasping breaths and winced in pain. Maybe someone should have been the one to say "You can't freeze time! That's absurd," or something skeptical like that, but hadn't they all sensed that something was really strange about Sam? They never talked about it, but they had all suspected.
It was little things; the way coffee always seemed to spill on customers who particularly annoyed him, the way he seemed to be able to fix anything quickly, from the espresso machine to a leaky faucet without providing any specific explanation of what was broken or what he had done. A few weeks ago, a customer who kept his eyes fixed on Cassie’s chest while he ordered was nearly maimed when a light fixture fell on him, even though Dwight said he’d just had the lights replaced six months ago.
Not to mention, if there was any doubt Sam was telling the truth now, the frozen people in the street made it kind of hard to indulge in skepticism. With only their eyes, Dwight, Khalil and Cassie all made a silent agreement to skip the "indignant disbelief" phase of the process and trust what Sam was saying.
Dwight walked up to Sam's place at the counter, slowly so as not to spook him. "What about you? Can you get away?"
Sam shook his head. "I can't move fast like this, and I don't know how much longer I can even hold it. Go now."
Cassie swallowed. "That can't be right, there's got to be a way to save you too," she said. Sure, he was a tool, and apparently some kind of literal monster now as well, but if it weren't for him, they'd all be dead already; it wasn't fair for him to die.
Sam grimaced. "What part of 'I screwed up' do you not understand?! I told you, I don't have enough power left to right the building! The only way I could do it is if I....took it from someone else," he finished quietly.
"We don't have powers, man— I'm pretty sure that's just you," said Khalil gently.
Sam shook his head slowly. "You do, humans have latent magic. You can't use it, but it's there," he said, struggling for breath now. "I-if you let me tap into it, there might be enough between the three of you for me to do what I need to do. I don't know though; might not be." A small trickle of blood began to drip down from his nose. "But if you want to try it, decide NOW, because there's no time to debate this."
"We have to try it," said Dwight immediately. Cassie and Khalil snapped their heads towards their normally taciturn manager. "It's not just him; if the building collapses, everyone nearby….”
"Could be hundreds of people..." Khalil swore under his breath. "Yeah, if we ran now I'd go crazy from wondering. Let's do this thing."
If Sam was relieved they were sticking around, he gave no sign. "Fine, person with the most magic first: Cassie."
Cassie stared. She was the person with the most magic?
"Are you waiting for a written invitation?" Sam said through gritted teeth, stretching his arm toward her like he had during the earthquake. "If you're going to do this, then do it!"
"Okay, okay!" Cassie yelled, swallowing as she took his offered hand. Sam leaned his back against the counter and slid down, leading her with him.
"Best we do this sitting down so we don't fall," he said, the effort to talk making him slur his words slightly; the effort of holding time in this state was obviously taking a toll on him. "Just try to think of something...pleasant, okay? Something nice."
"What are you going to....," Cassie started. Then, the strange vibrations she'd been feeling for the last several minutes dialed up in intensity, first a little bit, then to the point that it felt like her brain was shaking inside her skull. She screamed until the blackness mercifully came and took the pain away.
***

Cassie awoke to find herself in a faded My Little Pony T-shirt and a pair of beat-up lacrosse shorts. She was reclining in an Adirondack chair, the ground around her strewn with fall leaves and squashed crab apples. She recognized the hilly vista before her as the view behind her grandparents’ country home upstate, where she used to visit all the time when she was little. The air smelled aggressively of fall, like fresh Macintosh apples and campfires dialed up to eleven.
Cassie yawned and stretched. Wasn't she doing something, important? Something about work, and coffee?
She picked up the book on the side table next to her and did a double-take when she saw the title: Demon Bound and Other Stories, by Dr. Serenus Zeitbloom.
"Nice place," said Sam, and Cassie realized that he was in the Adirondack chair next to her, the one usually reserved for her Grandpa Earl. Seeing him, details of the situation at the Daily Grind began to come back to her, slowly.
"What are we doing here?" she asked, pulling her bare knees up to her chest.
Sam didn't look at her. "Your brain can't process what's happening to you right now, so it's drawn this place for you. Not the typical defense mechanism, but it's a good one, I think."
"Oh," she said, feeling dumb. It would help if she could remember more. "So are you really here, or are you like...the voice of my inner child or something?"
Sam sputtered. "No, I am not your inner child, where do you get this stuff," he muttered. "I'm here because my mind isn't a happy camper right now either, and this is as good a place to relax for a few minutes as any," he said quietly. "I hope it doesn't bother you."
Cassie shook her head; even though this place came from her memories, she didn't feel territorial. It felt right to share it. She supposed, now that he'd told her she wasn't really there— the body she could see in the faded T-shirt and shorts wasn't really her— everything should feel less realistic, but if anything it was the opposite. In a sudden chilly, late-October breeze, Cassie shivered, watching the flesh of her arms and thighs break out into goose bumps. It couldn't be any more real.
"Also, I have a question for you," he said, turning towards her. She noticed his eyes were back to their typical mahogany color. She supposed that was probably how he chose to look, when he had a choice. "Are you human? Have any odd relatives that disappear into ether sometimes? Because if you're not, now would be a real good time to tell me."
"Of course I'm human," she said, self-awareness breaking through the current cloudiness of her mind long enough for her to notice that she sounded defensive. "Why wouldn't I be?"
He sighed. "Because I didn't get what I was expecting when I tapped into you. I was afraid I wouldn't have enough magic even with the three of you— humans have magic, but usually not much. Now I have more than enough just from you, but I'm afraid to use it, because I'm not sure if it's going to work properly. If your energy is from some kind of fae or mystical abomination, I could just kill all of us, or worse."
"I am not an abomination!" she shouted. She would have gotten up out of her chair and walked over to yell in his face, but with the cloudiness in her head, it was hard to move. "I'm human, and if I have a lot of magic, well, I guess I'm just awesome that way or something. Stop always assuming the worst about me."
He laughed, mirthlessly. "You're right. It's not like I really have a choice at this point." He got up from the chair, brushing bits of leaves off of his pants. "Listen, assuming you come through this in one piece, I want you to know that I'm sorry. I don't know if I'll be able to tell you that in the real world."
"Sorry for what?" Cassie asked, but then he was gone. Shrugging, she picked up the book. Reading on her grandparents’ front porch was one of her favorite things in the world, and despite the fact that it was a little chilly, she was happy to be here. She wasn't going to let her sour co-worker ruin the opportunity for her. Whatever Sam had been babbling about could wait.
***

When Cassie came to, she was on the fluffy patchwork couch in the Daily Grind's cafe that Dwight liked, saying it gave the place a "homey" feel. A few customers looked up from their newspapers at her stirring.
"Look, Sleeping Beauty's awake," said one elderly man with a smile. “I wish I could sleep on the job when I worked in a shop back in the day."
"Don't bother the help, Irv," said the older woman across from him, not looking up from her paper.
"Cassie!" called Khalil, jogging over to her from behind the counter.
With some difficulty, since she still felt a little dizzy, she sat upright and frowned. She wanted to believe her memories of everything that happened before she passed out were a dream, but one look at Khalil's face told her otherwise.
"Are you okay? Can you stand?"
"I think so...I can't believe Dwight kept the shop open," she said incredulously, taking in the almost full cafe area. She stole a glance at the wall clock as Khalil helped her to her feet: 11:30 a.m. So she'd been out for around three hours.
Khalil shrugged. "He said we were better off doing something normal than sitting here staring at each other in shock and awe for the whole day," he said. Cassie noticed as they passed the front counter that there was a fist-sized hole in the bakery display case. The glass shards from all the shattered French presses and espresso machines had been cleared away.
Steadying her, Khalil led her into the back room, where she dropped into a folding metal chair. The back room was divided, half of it set up for cleaning and storing supplies, the other half an impromptu break room with a round table, chairs, a shelf of lockers and a refrigerator for the employees' use. A short hallway outside led to Dwight's tiny office and the back alley.
"Now are you sure you're okay? Do you need to go to the hospital?" he said anxiously. "I would have taken you there already, but Sam told us not to move you— I swear Cassie, I almost choked him to death. When he was finished with you, you weren't moving and for a second I couldn't find a pulse. I thought he killed you."
Cassie swallowed; he didn't talk about it much, but she knew that Khalil had attended medical school for one year before dropping out to piss off his parents. If he was checking her for life signs and he couldn't find them, it must have been a close thing, because he knew what he was doing.
"I'm fine, just a little dizzy. As long as I feel okay, I don’t think I should go to the hospital, because it’s not like we can tell them what happened.” She swallowed, dreading her next question, but unable to avoid it. “Where is he?"
Khalil hesitated a moment before answering, and she knew Sam was gone. "Dunno. He took off once we were sure you were alive, didn't say where he was going. I don't know Cassie, I want to know what the hell happened but maybe it's better if he never comes back, y'know?"
Cassie wasn't sure how she felt about that yet. "So I take it Sam fixed the building."
Khalil shook his head in amazement. "You wouldn't believe it— well, I guess you would, but you know what I mean," he said. "After you guys touched and you both screamed, you both were unconscious for a few minutes. Then we were really scared, because we didn't know if that was supposed to happen or not. Then he just got up, like nothing happened, walked outside and like, waved at the building, and it snapped back into place. Then he came back, punched his hand through the display case, and the frozen people started moving again."
"Then he took off," she finished, sitting back in her chair.
"Yeah," Khalil said softly.
Dwight walked into the break room from the back hallway. "You okay?" he asked, concern obvious on his face.
"Yeah, I'm fine," Cassie lied. She was a mess, but she didn’t see what good upsetting Dwight would do.
"Good." He turned to Khalil. "Just checked online: People are figuring it out. All the clocks were off, and anyone who was on the phone in the area froze too, so a lot of people realized it. I don't know how anyone's gonna explain this."
Khalil knitted his brow in thought. "How big an area was frozen, anyway? It was as far as I could see when I walked outside, but that was only a few blocks."
Dwight paused. "A circle twenty miles in diameter. They haven't said, but I'll bet this place was the center of it."
Khalil swore thoughtfully. "Son of a bitch, and he was busy doing the goddamned dishes all day? I knew the guy wasn't normal, but man...."
"Can I go home?" Cassie asked quietly. Both men turned to look at her. "I mean, I think I'd like to work and take my mind off stuff, but I just feel really...tired," she finished.
"Of course, I wasn't going to let you work the register today," said Dwight quickly, sounding a little embarrassed that she might have even thought he expected her to work. "Khalil, take her home."
"I can get home myself," Cassie said, getting to her feet with a small effort. "I usually do."
Dwight turned around on the way to the door. "Khalil, take her home," he said, smiling for the first time since the earthquake. He nudged open the door with his shoulder, turning around to go deal with the customers.
 


Chapter Three
Cassie told her parents that she might be coming down with the flu, not a hard sell due to her haggard appearance, and spent the rest of that Sunday in bed. By Monday, she felt better, but she still felt that odd buzzing sensation that she'd had ever since Sam froze time; sometimes she felt it between her shoulder blades, sometimes at the base of her spine, but it was always somewhere. When she went back to school on Wednesday, the strange feeling made it difficult to concentrate. She was going to have to actually read the textbook to understand what was going on in chemistry and pre-calc.
She had been scheduled for her typical four-hour shifts at DG on Monday, Wednesday and Friday. She called in Monday and Wednesday, telling Dwight she still wasn't feeling up to coming in— really only partially a lie. Physically, she felt almost normal, but mentally, she wasn't sure she could handle being at DG again. Though he didn't say anything, Cassie got the impression that Dwight understood perfectly.
Still, she didn't think it was fair to him to keep skipping shifts because she was mentally scarred; he was too nice to fire her, which is what most normal bosses would eventually do. By Friday, she figured she felt about as normal as she was ever going to get, so she decided to go back to work.
Dwight looked shocked when she came into the back room and took her apron off the hook near her locker. "Hey, you sure you're ready for this? I already called Jay in to cover for you," he said.
Cassie shrugged. "I can't hide in my room forever, and I like having money; I should probably keep working," she said.
Dwight stood up from the circular metal table in the break room and stood before her, putting his hands on her shoulders. Normally that might be a cause for concern between a teenage employee and a thirty-something manager— especially one who played bass in a metal band with rather filthy lyrics, the main thing Dwight did in his spare time— but somehow, it never felt inappropriate coming from the small man. His blue eyes, much lighter than her own, made his concern for her obvious; never overwrought and dramatic, but clearly there.
"If you're sure. But listen, if you start feeling bad, don't be afraid to tell me, okay? You can leave anytime."
Cassie smiled at him, removing his hands from her shoulders with her own. "Dwight, I do not have PTSD, okay? I'll be alright." She moved toward the front of the store, eager to lose herself in the mindless monotony of babysitting a cash register.
Dwight turned around to face her retreating back. "You sure? I think I have some wicked PTSD...." he said, and she laughed, as he intended.
Behind the counter, she went to the espresso bar and tapped Jay on the shoulder. "Tag. You're it."
"Hey, you feeling better?" her friend asked. She'd known Jay since they were small children, and though he'd gotten taller— a hair taller than herself, now— his huge brown eyes looked at her in much the same way he had when they were in kindergarten together. She had a real little brother, Hunter, but she would be lying if she didn't admit that she often thought of Jay that way as well.
"Much better, thanks," she said, marking a cup for employee use to make a sugar-loaded mocha. Cassie didn't work the espresso bar often, but she knew enough to make her own drinks. Technically, they were only entitled to one free drink per shift, but Dwight had made it obvious he couldn't possibly care less. As long as they weren't going through the syrup at a breakneck pace, they could have all the drinks they wanted.
She had seen Jay in school over the past few days, but she'd been avoiding him; she wasn't sure if he'd realized it, or just assumed she was keeping her “flu” germs away from him. They usually told each other almost everything, and while she wasn't planning to tell Jay about what had happened on Sunday morning, she thought she probably should tell him something: what, she wasn't sure.
Jay turned around to face her, wiping his hands on his apron. "Hey, is Sam out with the flu like you were? I've been asking where he is for the last several shifts, but it's like Dwight and Khalil don't want to talk about it."
Cassie felt her mouth tighten as she pulled the shots for her mocha. "Why should they want to talk about him? He's an ass."
"Well yeah, but he works full time and he hasn't been here all week, and the managers aren't saying anything. I mean, if he quit, they would have said something, right?" said Jay as he cleaned the other espresso machine, looking as lost as she felt.
"I dunno, Jay, no idea what's up with him," she said quietly as she poured some of the foamed skim milk that Jay had put aside into her cup. She'd lied to Jay before— normally when he asked her if she thought being into certain games made him seem excessively geeky— but never so boldly. A slight wave of nausea gripped her, but passed, mercifully.
He paused his work on the machine and looked at her. "I don't believe you...something happened and you all decided not to tell me," he said. "Something that has to do with Sam."
"Jay, don't be stupid," she said, taking a few sips of her piping hot drink. Well, if nothing else, at least she could still make a delicious mocha, if she did say so herself.
"I'm not being stupid, it's just really obvious. Every time I mention him to Dwight or Khalil, they change the subject as fast as they can, and now you're acting weird, too. Tell me what's going on."
Cassie made a show of rolling her eyes theatrically over her drink. "Okay Jay, you've got us. Sam cast a magic spell over the city, and we're the only ones who know. We have to keep his secret safe, so the vampires won't kill us all," she said.
Jay's eyes widened for a minute, and Cassie wondered if she'd miscalculated; she'd thought that giving him an abridged version of the truth (with the addition of vampires, because why not?) would sound like a joke, but Jay, who surrounded himself with role-playing games and "Magic: The Gathering" might have a different view on the plausibility of magic than most people. Eventually, he frowned and she exhaled.
"Fine, be that way. You know I'll find out eventually," he said, making his best attempt to sound menacing, and not really succeeding. His voice hadn't quite changed yet, making the tough act a hard sell.
Cassie went to the register, not sure what to do about Jay. She'd always thought of him as naïve because he was quick to believe in aliens and other urban legends. Not to the point that he was gullible enough to fall for any kind of phony psychic, but he insisted that there was "something" out there that people didn't understand. She thought it was his desire to believe that any of the magic in his beloved games could somehow be real, but now that she'd seen what she'd seen, Cassie wasn't sure who the naive one was anymore. When she thought about it, it kind of hurt that he was right and she couldn't tell him about it.
Putting him from her mind, Cassie looked up to see a gangly college student digging his wallet out of his messenger bag, his eyes fixed on the menu scrawled on the chalkboard behind her. "Hi, what can we get for you tonight?" she asked, with her practiced, fake cashier's cheerfulness. Normally she didn't like it, but right now, she was just as happy to role play the part of the cheerful valley girl in an apron, with nothing in her head.
***

After closing, Cassie was nibbling at the remains of a rainbow-chocolate cookie while counting up her till. Most of their unsold pastries went to a local soup kitchen in the morning, but the staff was entitled to help themselves to any cookies that broke throughout the day. One might think that policy encouraged cookie abuse, but the big, gooey cookies they sold broke often enough through normal handling, there was no need for sabotage.
Jay was refilling the small refrigerators near the espresso bar with dairy and substitutes, while Dwight and Khalil finished cleaning up behind the counter and in the cafe. Later, they would count out all the money and put it in the safe, and everyone could go home. She wondered if Khalil had worked the entire day; with Sam gone, they could probably use the coverage, but she didn’t know when he’d gotten there that morning.
Cassie stretched, tired; it had been typical annoying register work, with a couple of mean customers on top of that, but for the first time in several days, she felt tired in a good way. She was looking forward to collapsing in bed in about an hour, more relaxed than she had been since the time skip.
As though reading her thoughts, Jay looked over at her from the fridge. "You know, about the time-skip...."
"I am so sick of hearing about that," said Dwight, his tone showing an unusual amount of irritation from him.
"Yeah, me too," said Cassie, slamming her till closed. Khalil said nothing, putting ceramic plates and mugs in their places quietly.
Jay stood up suddenly, and pointed at her. "I knew it! You guys know something! Whatever you're not telling me, it has something to do with the time skip."
Cassie, Dwight and Khalil, all shared worried glances. What were they supposed to do now?
Jay was grinning like he'd just found out Christmas was coming early this year. "I mean, I wasn't sure, but I saw this video that pinpointed where the epicenter probably was, and I could tell it was this block. Then I talk about it, and you guys all wouldn't look at me, like all three of you suddenly looked really, really guilty! So, what's this amazing secret?"
"Jay...." Cassie started, not sure what to say to calm him down.
"It has something to do with Sam, right? That's why he hasn't been around, and why you guys all get spooked when I mention him. I think—"
They never did find out what Jay thought, since his speech was interrupted by rapt, hard knocks on the glass door of the shop. The four of them turned to the door; two tall, powerfully built men in leather were standing in front of the Daily Grind.
"Hey, we want some coffee," the one in front yelled.
Dwight took a few steps forward so they could hear him through the door. "Sorry guys, we closed half an hour ago. Please come back tomorrow, hours are listed on the door."
The man in front smiled, and Cassie recoiled; through the glass pane of the door, it looked like he had entirely too many teeth. "Closed, huh? Then I guess this is going to be an after-hours visit."
With that, he pushed the door open, there was a sound like something breaking, and they both strove in confidently.
Dwight turned to Khalil angrily. "I thought I told you to lock the door!" he said in a harsh whisper.
"I did," said Khalil, eyeing the men warily as they moved closer. "I know I did."
The taller man was wearing expensive looking-leather boots to go along with his ensemble, and had spiky, dyed-blond hair; under different circumstances, Cassie probably would have thought he was hot, but the fear slowly growing inside her made her regard him with nothing but dread. The other man, with slicked back brown hair and darker, more worn features, was holding what appeared to be a necklace in his right hand. Made of some sort of precious stone Cassie didn't recognize, the pendant seemed to give off its own ghostly light.
The one holding the necklace approached Cassie at the counter, and she took an involuntary step back. He held the pendent up to her eye-level, where its lavender glow seemed to intensify. "See, I told you if we stuck around it would work out," he said, to which the taller man snorted." "Took a few days, but we found the familiar." He smiled, and Cassie realized immediately why his smile had looked so odd to her before: his incisors were entirely too long, and his canine fangs reflected the light from his strange stone.
Cassie took a few more steps back, and felt herself back into Jay.
"Before, when you were talking about the vampires, you were telling the truth?" asked Jay in a panicked whisper.
"Jay, the spell thing was true, but I was totally making the vampire part up, I swear!" she responded. The men laughed, and Cassie realized that these men could hear even their whispers. Maybe they really were vampires.
"You guys aren't here for the money in the till, are you," said Dwight quietly, making it clear from his tone that he wasn’t asking a question. Khalil inched closer, coming to stand next to Cassie and Jay behind the counter. When he met her eyes, Cassie realized he was planning to protect her if it came to it, and she was torn between being touched and wanting to yell at him for being an idiot.
"Listen, Sam's not here," said Dwight, drawing up to his full 5’6 and walking up to their guests. Cassie never would have thought of him as the heroic type, but between being the first to volunteer to attempt to save Sam during the time skip and tonight, it was becoming obvious he was brave behind his quiet demeanor. "Whatever's going on, we don't know anything, and we don't know where he went; I suggest you look for him," he finished, crossing his arms in front of him defensively.
"We don't need him," said the (apparent) vampire, swinging the necklace in his hand like a pendulum.
"See this thing here? It's an amulet that senses latent magic. Barely picked up anything in days, but now that she's here—" he said, motioning to Cassie. "—thing goes ballistic. If that demon were around we couldn't snatch you, but now that he's abandoned you? I'm afraid it's open season on little cashier girls," he said, putting the amulet in his pocket. With no fanfare, he casually reached out a fist and hit Dwight in the face. Dwight dropped to the scuffed tile floor, like a limp rag doll. Cassie gasped and hoped against hope that he was unconscious, not dead.
Khalil moved quickly, putting his body between Cassie and their assailants. The blond vampire swung his long legs over the counter and drew towards them with a feline grace.
"I really wouldn't recommend that, man," he said, that disturbing canine smile from ear to ear. "You're low on the food chain— not your fault, just the way it is— so don't try to be a hero and get hurt. We've got no interest in you. Well..." He paused to run his tongue over his fangs. "I am kind of hungry, but you don't smell so hot, so get out of the way."
Khalil paused for a moment before he moved out of the attacker’s way. Cassie felt a pang of betrayal for about a fraction of a second before she realized that Khalil had done the right thing. He couldn't fight these men off, and they both knew it; why should anyone else have to get hurt?
"Get away from me, Jay," said Cassie. When he didn't respond, she pushed him to the side, so hard he fell on his butt.
"Cassie, don't-"
"I'll go with you, just don't hurt anybody else, okay? Or eat anybody," she said, looking up to meet the vampire's eyes.
She backed up until she was against the back counter; dammit, she wanted to go with them so they would leave everyone else alone, but she couldn't help herself from shrinking away from the man. It was a survival instinct, stronger than her rational mind.
The vampire towered over her and put a hand on top of her head. "Big of you," he said. "Of course, if I'm going to eat anybody tonight sweetie, it's gonna be you, not them." With that, he opened his mouth wide, red-tinged saliva glistening on his extended teeth, and Cassie took a deep breath.
"Don't," came a warning from the man with the pendant. The blond one made a noise of irritation and turned toward his partner.
"Why not? He said to snatch her if we could, he never said we couldn't taste."
"Don't bother: I've heard that mage blood tastes terrible," said the shorter one. "Magic makes it burn like rubbing alcohol all the way down. Save your stomach."
Despite her fear, Cassie felt her curiosity pique. If she was going to be kidnapped, at least she might have a chance of finding out what it was about her that had freaked Sam out. Apparently, whatever it was made her less tasty to vampires.
The blond vampire frowned and put a hand under her chin, appraising. "Are you sure? Wouldn't you think the blood of a familiar would be especially tasty? Forbidden fruit, and whatnot?"
The brown-haired one shrugged. "She can taste like nectar and ambrosia, it still wouldn't be good enough to be worth pissing off Nathan. Let's go."
"You're going, alright," said a voice to Cassie's side, and she drew a sharp breath when she realized it was Sam's. Apparently, he had come in through the alley entrance and through the break room. "Get away from her."
The blond vampire drew back as though she had stabbed him, and put his hands up, placating Sam. "Listen man, you were gone— it wasn't poaching because you were gone."
"We were within our legal rights," said the shorter one, who Cassie noticed had also taken a few steps back. It was strange, watching the vampires get defensive in Sam’s presence. Part of her wanted to cheer that the cavalry had come, while she couldn’t help but notice that her protector was the thing the other monsters were scared of. She shuddered with the thought that something about that was deeply wrong.
Sam stopped next to Cassie. She looked up at him, surprised to see his eyes were their normal brown color. She thought that facing down a pair of vampires would probably be a good time to pull out the glowing glare, but hey, if he could prevent her from being kidnapped, she wasn't going to critique his presentation.
"That's true, you were," he said, his tone calm and even. "Your master had every right to send you to claim an abandoned familiar. In court, I would have no right to kill both of you for still being here in ten seconds; there would definitely be some kind of fine. It might even be worse than an overdue library book.”
Cassie's jaw dropped as both men turned tail and ran— there was no better way to explain it. Quicker than she would have thought possible, they cleared the shop with superhuman grace, the blond one jumping over the counter in his haste. For about two seconds, they could all hear their leather boots hammering against the pavement, then silence.
Sam exhaled, looking tired. "Is everyone okay?"
"Dwight. They punched him," said Cassie, pointing.
"Where?" said Sam, walking towards the cafe. "Dammit, I didn't even see him because of the counter."
He knelt at Dwight's side, checking for signs of life. "It's okay," he said. "They just knocked him out. He'll wake up when he's ready."
Cassie took a relieved breath, noticing that the air smelled different since Sam had entered. There was some kind of dark, musty scent to him that she had a feeling probably wasn’t cologne. It wasn’t unpleasant, but she couldn’t identify it.
Jay stepped forward, clearing his throat. "Hey, Sam? Were those guys really...." he trailed off.
Sam stood up, looking at Jay. "Vampires? Pathetic bottom-feeders, more like it. But yes."
Khalil coughed. "Look Sam...don't take this the wrong way, since I'm glad you came back and got rid of those...yeah. But uh, what the hell are you?"
Sam scratched the back of his head, like the question embarrassed him. "Well. About that."
 


Chapter Four
"I'm telling you Mom, we dropped an entire vat of caramel on the floor! It could take hours to clean up!" Cassie exclaimed into her phone.
"Honey, it's after midnight. They don't pay you enough for this."
"They're paying me extra, and it's not a school night. Also, Jay's here— we'll go home together when we're done."
That seemed to pacify Annette; for a moment, Cassie dwelled on how strange it was that Jay was now considered her protection. When they were little it had always been the other way around. "Alright, but if that manager pulls this again—"
"He won't, Mom. See you tomorrow!" She hung up and put her phone back in her pocket. Ironically, that was one of the least stressful conversations she'd had with Annette lately, and she was lying through her teeth.
Dwight, Khalil, Sam and Jay were all sitting around the table in the break room, a plate of cookies and snacks in the center. Normally, someone would brew a pot of coffee for a meeting like this, but except for Sam, they had all been drinking coffee all night anyway. Instead, the rest of them had herbal tea, just for the sake of having something.
Sam gestured to her. "Can I borrow your phone?"
"Sure. You, uh, know how to use it?" she asked. People at the shop made fun of Sam for being virtually the only person in the modern world not to have his own cell phone.
He narrowed his eyes. "I think I can figure it out," he said, taking it from her. He fiddled with it, apparently sending a short text, then gave it back to her. Cassie put it in her pocket immediately; she was tempted to see what he'd texted, but she could do that later.
"So time to spill, Harry Potter," said Khalil, leaning back in his chair.
Sam winced. "I'm not even going to get started on how insulting that is. Anyway, I never wanted any of you involved with this, but now that there's no choice—"
"You're a demon," said Jay, looking pleased with himself.
Sam glared at Jay, who smiled broadly. "That's what the vampire guys called you. They also called Cassie a familiar, but I thought that was supposed to be a cat."
"See, I heard him say that," said Khalil, "But I didn't think he meant it literally. Like, you know, you might say "Oh that manager is such a demon, he gave me six opening shifts this week."
Dwight rolled his eyes in response.
"They were being literal," said Sam, reaching for a cookie. "Although technically, I'm only a half-demon. You almost never see full-blooded demons outside of the Realm; they just come here when summoned. Most of the time, when people say "demon", they mean a half, like me— they try not to talk about full-blooded demons at all."
"Speak of the devil and all that," said Khalil quietly.
"Exactly. And try not to curse from now on, by the way, that gets their attention too."
There was a brief pause as everyone considered life from now on without the comfort of certain four-letter words. Dwight was the first to emerge from this revelry.
"So if you're a demon who can freeze time and scare away vampires, what are you doing in my store washing my dishes?" Dwight asked.
Sam chewed his cookie. "Personal reasons. Not worth going into."
Khalil stood up. "Hey, you said you were gonna level with us."
Sam swallowed. "I agree you all have a right to know what I am, not who I am."
"Sam...."Khalil growled.
"Let it go," said Dwight. "He's right; we don't need to know everything. Just how this affects the rest of us." Sam nodded.
Khalil sat down, still looking livid. It was unlike him to be this emotional, and Cassie wasn’t sure what to make of it. She cleared her throat.
"What about me? You said that I had the most magic out of anyone here. What did that mean? And the stuff you said after in the...make-believe place." Dwight and Khalil both gave her confused looks.
"This is the coolest freakin' thing that has ever happened," said Jay with reverence.
"Shut up, Jay," said Cassie. She supposed, from his perspective, it was sort of cool to find out that things like magic and demons existed, but he hadn't just nearly been bitten by a vampire. "Cool" was not the number-one adjective on her list right now.
"Humans and demons are alike in that they both generate magic, it's just that humans can't really use it," said Sam. "You're like...batteries, just sitting in a pack on the shelf not powering anything. Since I can use magic in general, I can use your magic, even though you can't."
Jay leaned forward, excited. "You can take the triple-A batteries out and put them in a flashlight."
"I think we all understood the beauty of the metaphor well enough the first time, Jay," said Khalil, not looking at him.
"Yes, well," Sam continued. "Humans have different amounts of magic; most have very little, but some have a lot. Demons tend to fight over the ones that generate a lot of power."
Cassie gulped; suddenly, she had a much clearer picture of her current situation. "So, I'm one of the humans that produce lots of magic."
Sam took a gulp of his coffee and looked at her. It gave her a strange feeling, like he was really looking at her for the first time. "Cassie, when I try to get the magic out of humans it's like...it's like trying to drink out of a clogged water fountain. Just a little trickle bubbles to the surface. With you, I was prepared for that, only to get hit in the face with the force of a fire hose," he said.
Cassie put her hands around her tea to warm herself; she wasn't thirsty at all, but suddenly she felt cold. "So could you tell that from the moment you met me?"
"No," he said, frowning. "I had no idea. I just choose you first because virgin girls usually have the most magic, comparatively speaking."
Cassie's eyes widened. "H-hey!” she sputtered. What did that have to do with anything?
Sam shrugged. "There are a lot of theories as to why that is, but it’s not my area of expertise.”
“But how did you know I was—“
Sam coughed. “Let’s gloss over that, shall we?” he said, taking another sip of his drink.
Cassie looked around at Dwight and Khalil to see them both pointedly avoid her eyes; Khalil seemed to be barely holding back laughter, his temporary mirth fighting with his anger. Jay just looked wide-eyed, confused, and absolutely thrilled. Annoyed, she crossed her arms and sat back in her chair with a harrumph. 
“How did those…I can’t believe I’m saying this…vampires know to come after her?” asked Dwight. “I guess they knew the time-skip happened here, but I don’t follow after that.”
“Magic on that scale doesn’t happen very often. Um, at the risk of sounding arrogant, most demons couldn’t freeze time in a ten-mile radius,” said Sam, looking down at his mug. Cassie found it interesting that talking about his demonic powers was the only thing that seemed to make him genuinely uncomfortable. “Either multiple demons were involved— which they knew wasn’t likely since I’m the only one in this general area— or there was a powerful human involved. It wasn’t a huge deductive leap.
“So they sent vampires to go hunting for the human with an abundance of magic,” he said, and Cassie noted that he talked about vampires in the same tone that racist people reserved for ethnic slurs. “I know you probably think of vampires as cool, but they’re usually as subservient to demons as humans are to vampires— more, even. And they’re so primitive they can only feed on magic through blood…it’s disgusting.”
“And you came back to save me from them in just the nick of time,” Cassie said, not even sure if she should sound sarcastic or not. Sam winced briefly.
“Not really; I didn’t just happen to get here before they took you. I came because I sensed your fear.” He looked at the surface of his coffee studiously, like the answers to life’s most mysterious questions could be found at the bottom of his cup.
Taking a page from Khalil’s book, Cassie stood up. Maybe it was stupid, but she felt better looking down at him right then. “You…did…what?” she said.
Sam maintained his death grip on his ceramic mug. “We have a bond now, alright? I didn’t mean for it to happen, but when you do a power transfer on that scale, it’s unavoidable. Technically now you’re my…familiar.”
Cassie pursed her lips and crossed her arms beneath her breasts. “What is that,” she said, asking the question with no question mark. She didn’t know what her face looked like, but it must have been scary, because Jay started scooting his chair away from her before he even realized he was doing it.
“Someone a demon shares magic with…a, uh, servant I guess,” he said, very deliberately not meeting her eyes. He jumped almost imperceptibly when she slammed her palms on the table.
“So, let me get this straight. You used my magic, because you ran out, and in the process, you made me your servant, and now you can “sense my fear” and stuff. Can you “sense” how I feel right now?”
“Don’t worry, I can’t read your mind, it doesn’t work that way. It’s just that if you’re threatened, like you were before, I sense it and I can come help you. That’s really all being a familiar means,” Sam said in a poor attempt at nonchalance.
“If that’s all being a familiar meant, a bunch of vampires wouldn’t have tried to kidnap her right out of our store,” said Khalil, giving Sam a look like he didn’t trust him as far as he could throw him. “What else does it involve that you don’t want us to know?”
Sam rubbed his eyes, something Cassie was beginning to realize he did often when he was stressed. “Look, I’ve been running from this culture for pretty much my entire life, and I try not to think about it. I really wasn’t prepared to give you all Demonology 101.”
“And maybe I’d be a lot more sympathetic to that if you hadn’t gone MIA— for days— when we really needed you,” said Khalil. He stood up, but not to glower over Sam; instead, he started pacing the length of the room.
“Do you know what that was like? Waiting for days after you left, thinking you were never going to come back and we were never going to get an explanation for anything? That I would never know what the hell I had even been working next to for months?”
Cassie now understood why Khalil was so pissed. She worked with Sam once or twice a week, tops; Sam opened the shop with Khalil practically every morning. She didn’t know if the two were exactly friends, but they were close, in a way. Cassie hadn’t felt betrayed when Sam ran off because she’d had no expectations for him, but Khalil did.
Sam sighed, and sat back in his chair. “I’m sorry about that.”
“Fu-stuff it,” Khalil said, still pacing. It was obvious he had meant to curse, but changed tack at the last moment.
“I just had no idea what to do…at any job, once someone starts getting suspicious, I usually take off,” Sam said. “I felt like I couldn’t face any of you, but I knew I shouldn’t leave town because someone might come after Cassie. So I waited— afraid to come back, and afraid to leave,” he finished bitterly.
Cassie sat down again, not sure what to make of him. He did seem genuinely regretful that things had turned out this way, but she wasn’t about to let that “servant” thing go so easily.
Dwight looked thoughtful for a moment, then looked at Sam. “Correct me if I’m wrong, but if you hadn’t been here, wouldn’t everyone here except Jay have probably died when the building next door collapsed? Doesn’t sound to me like you have much to be guilty about.”
“He abandoned us, Dwight!” said Khalil, spinning to face the smaller man. “You heard what the vampires said, she was fair game because he was gone! How can you forgive him for that?”
“But the thing is, he did come back. And I’ll have a bruise on my head for a while where that…thing hit me, but beyond that, we’re all fine.”
Khalil glared at him. “So, you’re just going to let him get away with everything because he saved us once? Excuse me,” he said, turning in Sam’s direction throwing his hands up theatrically. “Thank you, oh great one, for sparing our miserable lives! How dare we puny humans question our demon overlord!”
Sam’s face went redder than Cassie had ever seen it. “Khalil, shut up!” he yelled.
“Or what? You’ll make me go poof?”
“You’re already a poof,” said a voice from behind them.
Cassie turned in her chair and saw Serenus standing at the door to the break room, both hands resting on the head of his cane. “Sorry for busting in on you like this, but the door was unlocked— well, technically, the lock was broken.”
“Dr. Zeitbloom?” said Dwight, looking confused with his red-blond bangs in his face.
“You got here awfully fast,” Sam said, the anger draining from his face.
“You? Explaining the how and why of demons to your friends? Like I would miss that?” he said, striding into the room. It couldn’t be that easy for a man with a cane to swagger, but he managed it.
“What’s the professor got to do with any of this?” asked Khalil, frowning. He looked a little calmer, but he still hadn’t taken his seat.
“You’ll know all momentarily,” said Serenus, dropping into the seat around the table Khalil had vacated. “But first, I’m parched. Sam? Could you make me one of those frothy cinnamon things you do so well? You know what I mean.”
Sam raised an eyebrow. “You want me to make you coffee…now?”
“Really, I want you out of the room for five minutes, but I also want a drink; it’s actually one of those fortuitous two birds, one-stone situations,” said Serenus, leaning back in Khalil’s chair comfortably.
To Cassie’s surprise, Sam got up without a word and walked out to the shop. Serenus’ eyes watched his retreating form, then turned to Cassie.
“I’m afraid I have to ask you to be patient with him: most men spend their lives trying to convince the world that they’re far more formidable than they are. Poor Sam seems to have it totally backwards. For him, admitting his power is like confessing that he still wets the bed.”
“So you knew Sam was a demon,” said Cassie.
“Well of course, takes one to know one and all that,” he said, cleaning his glasses with a microfiber cloth.
He snorted when Dwight and Jay inched away from him. “Oh, stop. I’m afraid I’m not a big, grand one like your friend though, just a human with some demon blood in the background somewhere. I can’t do much more magic than any of you,” he said, shrugging. “I can sense magic, and I have a great nose for it, but I don’t generate any more of it than the most average human— less, in fact.”
“So what did you need him out of the room for?” said Khalil quietly, no longer pacing.
Serenus cleared his throat. “Listen, it’s not Sam’s fault— like the good Mr. MacGregor here said, if he hadn’t done what he did, you would probably all be dead anyway. But the fact remains, you’re all in very big trouble.”
“I think the vampire punching Dwight in the face was our first clue,” said Khalil.
Serenus shook his head. “None of you will be safe until Sam successfully defends his claim to Cassie in court. He probably doesn’t realize it yet, but this is more than some undesirables breaking into your shop hoping to snag a quality familiar; right now, all of your lives are in danger. A human like Cassie is a very hot commodity among our kind, and you all will all be seen as potentially valuable by virtue of your connection to her. As well as all her friends, and family.”
Cassie suddenly went cold. Oh my God, she thought, Hunter. He’s only ten….
“When you say court, you mean like…special demon court?” Jay asked, and Serenus nodded.
“The good news is, he can protect you,” said Serenus. “We can protect you. But he’s been running from what he is for so long, it’s not going to be easy for him to do it.”
Cassie looked at Serenus, frowning. Something was bothering her about him, and she wasn’t sure what it was. If only she could remember….
Jay looked as enthusiastic as Cassie felt uneasy. “So, Sam’s a really powerful demon right? He said most other demons can’t freeze time like that.”
Serenus chuckled. “Demons are very patriarchal; half-demons’ powers depend partially on who their father was, partially on luck of the draw. It’s hard to say how strong Sam is per se, since he’s always refused to allow me to do anything to properly test him, but his parentage is…” he seemed to struggle for the right word. “…unimpeachable.”
“So, who’s his father? Is he a named demon, like in the Bible? Could we look him up?” Jay asked rapid-fire questions, his eyes gleaming with keenness.
Serenus gentle chuckle deepened into laughter. “Sorry, I’ll be happy to answer your questions about anything I’m reasonably certain he won’t kill me for telling you.”
Jay laughed weakly, like he wanted to believe the bit about Sam killing the professor was a joke, but wasn’t sure.
The sound of Sam whipping milk in the espresso machine in the other room was suddenly audible over Jay’s outburst. Serenus looked towards the door, as though to confirm that Sam was still out of earshot, and leaned forward conspiratorially. They all found themselves mirroring him.
“Listen, he won’t ask you not to be afraid of him, because he doesn’t want to even put the idea in your heads, so I’m asking; don’t be afraid of him. I won’t say he wouldn’t hurt a fly, but he certainly won’t hurt any of you; at least, not more than he already has by involving you in his life.”
There was a silence as they all considered his words. Were they afraid of him? Cassie knew that she was, but on some level she always had been, and hated herself for it. She had thought it was because of a crush, but her intuition has been trying to tell her something, too.
Khalil spoke quietly. “And we know that how? Because you said so?”
Before Serenus could answer, Sam walked back into the room, holding a drink. “Here’s your five pump, half-caf cinnamon latte, shots over foam and steamed to 205 degrees. If I made it wrong, tough,” he said, sliding the wobbling paper cup over to Serenus.
Cassie blinked: of course, that’s what was bothering her: she’d seen Serenus order a non-crazy coffee. Because he’d been there the day of the earthquake. “Dr. Zeitbloom-"
“Please, call me Serenus. Or Ser, if you like.”
“Okay…Ser…” she said, finding it odd to be calling a man his age by a nickname. “…why were you at the shop Sunday morning before the earthquake?”
A flicker of fear moved quickly over Serenus’ face. Before Cassie could ask what was wrong, Sam had moved, picking Serenus up by the neck and slamming him into the employee lockers. The older man gurgled painfully.
“You bastard,” Sam said quietly. “You knew what was going to happen, and you didn’t tell me.” Serenus made a pained sound as Sam squeezed his neck.
Though Khalil was closer, it was the smaller man who got between the two. “Hey man, stop!” said Dwight, separating Sam’s hand from Serenus’ neck. Sam grimaced, but didn’t fight back against Dwight. Khalil stepped back; biting his lip in frustration; Cassie could tell he had wanted to pull Sam off of Serenus himself, but had been afraid to touch him.
Though horrified by the sudden brutality of the attack, Cassie noticed that even when incredibly angry, Sam didn’t reach for magic. She wasn’t sure how she felt about that; she certainly didn’t want to see Serenus hurt, but part of her wanted to know what else Sam could do. She hated herself briefly for the thought when she saw Serenus struggle for breath.
“Well, that was certainly uncalled for,” said Serenus hoarsely. “Sam, I swear, all I knew was that something was going to happen regarding Cassandra that morning. That was the extent of my so-called “precognition.” I came to the store to see if being close to her would trigger any further visions, and it didn’t. If I’d known, I definitely would have warned you,” he said, slowly and evenly.
Sam exhaled and looked down. “I believe you…I shouldn’t have assumed…I’m sorry.” He collapsed back into his chair. “So…is it over? They won’t send more vampires now that I’ve made my claim official, will they?”
Serenus gingerly took a sip of the drink Sam had made for him, rubbing his throat. “You haven’t made your claim official, you’ve only just begun the process. You have to go to court for that.”
Sam’s eyes widened, and Cassie thought for a fraction of a second she saw a flash of red in them. “I am not going to—"
“I’m not having this argument with you now,” said Serenus, rubbing the bridge of his nose. “The important thing is that yes, they might come back, and it’s your responsibility to protect these people now. I can get the ingredients for protection amulets for you, but it’s going to take a few days to prepare them.”
Sam snorted and leaned all the way back in his chair, pitching it so that the front legs were off the floor. “Protection amulets? That’s the kind of game we’re playing now?”
“Yes it is,” said Serenus firmly, “And unless you want to explain to me how you can create and maintain a dozen different protection spells simultaneously, you’re going to craft them. Understood?”
Sam met Serenus’ eyes for several moments. A silent understanding seemed to pass between the two men, and Cassie felt annoyed that there was obviously so much they weren’t sharing. It wasn’t that they were hiding things, exactly; it seemed more like there were entire worlds of knowledge shared between them, and they couldn’t have communicated them to the rest of the group had they wanted to. Not unless they wanted to be there all night, and maybe into next week.
“Fine,” Sam said quietly.
Serenus visibly relaxed, apparently convinced that Sam wasn’t going to pound him into any more walls that evening. “In the meantime, I suggest putting a protection circle around Cassie’s house. Don’t waste any time.”
Sam looked confused. “Her house? I was expecting you to tell me to lay one down here.”
“Do that too just to be safe, but you probably won’t need it. If I were in the business of snatching familiars, I wouldn’t go after them in my rival’s stronghold. Especially not after already failing once. Much safer to try to catch her out of your territory.”
Khalil leaned against the lockers. “So our shop is Sam’s territory right now? What does that make us?”
“It doesn’t make you anything,” Sam snapped back.
Serenus drained his fancy latte before responding. “Like it or not, a class A spell has been done in this building— this place is on the map as far as demons are concerned. There’s no going back.”
There was silence for a moment as they all considered that.
“So,” said Serenus, standing up with the aid of his cane. “I’ll start getting the ingredients you’ll need immediately. Sam, go with Cassie and put a circle around her house. Cassie, stay home this weekend in the circle’s protection until we can get the amulets crafted. The rest of you,” he said, gesturing with his free hand. “I highly doubt anyone’s going to come after you, but it’s not out of the question that some bright light might try to use you as a hostage to try to trade for Cassie. Try not to be alone for a few days until we can get you the amulets. As long as you’re in a group, it’s not worth the risk to snatch you.”
Cassie was torn; on the one hand, it felt good to hear Serenus lay it all out; having a plan made her feel less lost and helpless, even if she didn’t have control over any of this. On the other, she was beginning to get a sick feeling that some of Serenus’ knowledge about snatching people like her wasn’t entirely academic. She didn’t know if she could trust him, but couldn’t see any other choice.
As they all got up to leave, Khalil stirred from his position against the lockers. “Aren’t we missing something? I thought you had to threaten us not to tell anyone your secret upon pain of death, or something like that.”
Serenus smiled broadly. “Au contraire, you have carte blanch! Tell your friends, tell your mother— just don’t blame us when they start proscribing psychiatric medication for you.”
Khalil seemed to consider that. “So we’ve officially moved into ‘too crazy for anyone to believe’ territory, huh.”
Cassie jumped when Sam put a hand on her shoulder. She looked up at his solemn face. “I’m coming home with you. We have to put a protection circle around your house, remember?”
Her jaw dropped. “Tonight?”
Sam rolled his eyes. “No, tomorrow afternoon, after a bunch of vampires have carted you away. That’ll be real useful.”
“Oh. Right. Sure.” Somehow, when Serenus had been talking about putting some kind of protection around her house, she hadn’t imagined that would entail taking the bus with Sam at one in the morning. Cassie gulped: she didn’t feel comfortable spending more time with him, but it didn’t look like she had much of a choice.
 


Chapter Five
Sam’s scuffed hiking boots kicked some pebbles on Cassie’s driveway as he approached the front of the house. Cassie stood on the sidewalk, not sure how to act around him now that Jay wasn’t around to serve as a buffer. The kid had taken the bus with them, peppering Sam with whispered questions Cassie mostly couldn’t hear, none of which Sam had deigned to answer, although one did make him laugh.
Jay had wanted to see the spell performed, but Sam had sent him home to his house two streets away, saying it was suspicious enough that two of them were poking around the house this late. Cassie had a feeling there were other reasons why Sam might not want Jay around, but she wasn’t sure what they were; maybe he didn’t want anyone witnessing his magic who wasn’t strictly necessary. Jay had only gone home when she promised to tell him all about the spell in excruciating detail.
Sam scowled as he looked at her house. “You would have to live in a brownstone,” he said quietly.
“Sorry,” Cassie snapped back snottily before she could stop herself. “Why does that matter?”
He turned to her, looking tired. “Does it look like I can pace a circle around your property?”
Cassie exhaled in realization; part of a complex of townhouses, her house was physically connected to all of the other ones on the block.
Sam looked away, perplexed. “Either I make a really huge circle around the whole block, which is hard to maintain, or I just put some sort of hex on your front yard and driveway. Easy, but unsafe.”
Cassie knit her brows, thinking about that. She didn’t want to seem needy, but after her experience with vampires, she wasn’t sure she wanted any sort of half-baked protection spell. If that meant asking Sam for a favor, so be it.
Cassie gave him what she hoped was a winning smile. “Do the big circle, if it’s safer. You’re a big, powerful demon, right? I’m sure you can handle it.”
He gave her a look that couldn’t have been much more frightening if he was using his red glare. Oh my God, she thought, what ever made me think that saying that was a good idea?
He broke eye contact, looking at the prim row of brownstone houses. “I suppose I can,” he said quietly.
Cassie looked down at her shoes while Sam considered the property. There was something she wanted to ask him, and he probably wasn’t going to stick around after the spell was cast. Now was the time.
“Hey, Sam….” she began. He turned to her, one eyebrow raised.
“Cassie!”
Annette flung open the front door, running out on the driveway in her nightgown and fluffy slippers, Jon following close behind her. Cassie stifled a groan; great, now on top of everything else, she had to introduce Sam to her parents.
“Your parents are still up at this hour?” he whispered to her.
“I guess they were waiting up for me,” said Cassie, feeling miserable as her parents approached, both eyeing Sam warily.
“There she is! Do you know what time it is?”
“I told you I was going to be home late, Mom.”
“You also said you were going to be coming home with Jay. This is not Jay,” said Annette, crossing her arms. Cassie thought she looked ridiculous trying to act tough in a pink nightie, but Annette didn’t seem to care.
“He did come home with us, Mom. He only left just now, to go to his house. Sam walked me home.”
Annette fixed her eyes on Sam. “So, I take it you work with Cassie at the shop, Sam?”
Sam smiled in what Cassie assumed was his best attempt at being non-threatening. “That’s right. Sorry we kept your daughter out so late, it won’t happen again.”
Jon at least seemed pacified by Sam’s apology. “That’s alright, we’re her parents, we can’t help but worry.”
Annette shot dagger eyes at her husband, then back at Sam. “Excuse me, young man," she began, and Cassie inhaled sharply, sensing what was coming next. “—but Cassie works at that shop fifteen to twenty hours per week, for shopping money. She’s not going to be serving coffee for a living, and I don’t think it’s fair to expect a high school student to put in these kinds of hours for what your place pays,” she finished bitterly.
Sam kept up his warm smile with some apparent effort. “Well, I’m not a manager, ma’am, but I’ll be sure to pass that along to Dwight.”
“If you’re not a manager, than aren’t you a little old to be working there? What are you, a drop-out?”
“Mom!” shouted Cassie, knowing everyone could see how red her face was even in the dark. She’d expected her mother to be rude, but this was beyond the pale.
“That’s enough, Annette,” said Jon, quietly, putting a hand on his wife’s shoulder. “Look, he was kind enough to walk Cassie home, and we’ll tell the manager she’s not allowed to stay after midnight anymore, alright? Problem solved.”
“Oh yes, it was so KIND of him,” spat Annette, making the word sound like a curse. “Listen, ‘Sam’, you can see Cassie at work, but beyond that, you will have nothing to do with her. Is that clear?” she said, pointing at him with a pink-lacquered fingernail.
“Mom, it’s not like that…” Cassie said desperately, wondering why she bothered even as she said it.
“Cassie, I let you work at that dive so you can have some independence, not so you can get involved with uneducated men twice your age.”
“Mrs. Tremblay,” said Sam, no longer bothering with his perfunctory smile. “I understand your concern. If you would just give me five minutes to finish a discussion I was having with your daughter, I’ll leave and you won’t see me around here again.”
“Cassie, inside the house now,” said Annette icily.
Cassie stamped her foot, knowing it was childish, but her mother tended to bring it out of her. “Mom, this is ridiculous! He just wants to finish answering a question about work for me, okay? You can even watch through the front window, we’ll just be talking.”
“Come on honey, let them finish their conversation. No need to be unreasonable,” said Jon, using the same calming tone Cassie had heard him use with her mother a million times.
Annette sighed. “Fine. Five minutes, then you’re out of here, buster,” she said, turning on her heel. Jon gave a little embarrassed shrug for his wife’s behavior, nodded at Sam and went back in the house. They could see Annette settle on the couch in the living room so she could watch them talking through the front window.
Cassie let out a breath she didn’t know she’d been holding. “Sorry about that,” she said quietly, not caring if Annette could read her lips.
Sam turned so his lips were hidden from Annette’s view. If he was mad about anything her mother had said, he didn’t show it. “You shouldn’t have told her she could watch us.”
“She would have anyway.”
“Unfortunately, I need a drop of your blood for the spell, and I don’t think I can get it with her watching. Can you come back outside after they’ve gone to sleep?”
“If Mom catches me, she’ll make me quit DG,” said Cassie. And Annette would catch her; there was no way she would let her guard down now, when her only daughter might be absconded with any minute.
Sam gritted his teeth, thinking. “Then rip out a few strands of your hair and hand them to me. Try not to be too obvious about it.”
Cassie did so, trying not to imagine what Annette’s face must have looked like behind her. “Do you need anything else?” she asked.
“No, that should be enough. After you go back in the house, I’ll wait a while for all the lights to go off, then I’ll do the spell and leave,” he said softly.
“Can you do it without waking them up? I thought you had to say incantations and draw symbols in the dirt and stuff,” Cassie asked, genuinely interested. The one time she’d seen Sam use magic, it hadn’t involved any posturing or supplies at all, but the fact that he needed her hair led her to believe his magic required some set-up.
Sam fixed her with a sad smile. “That’s what people who summon demons need to do— and I’m already here, aren’t I?”
Cassie gulped. Well great, she thought, so glad we cleared THAT up.
“Weren’t you going to ask me something before?”
Cassie’s eyes widened, surprised he remembered. “This familiar thing…you can’t undo it, can you?”
Sam paused, running his tongue over his teeth. “I don’t know.”
Cassie stared. “You don’t know?”
“You’re even more annoying than usual when you repeat everything I say,” he snapped, not looking at her.
“So this is my life now? Forever?”
They both stiffened as Annette knocked on the window, hard.
Sam began to back away. “I’ll look into it, alright? I don’t know if there’s a process for letting a familiar go, but I can find out. Now, get in the house before your mother kills both of us.” He turned, pretending to leave; Cassie figured he was probably walking around the block, marking the circle like he said he was going to.
Cassie went back in the house, still not sure why she hadn’t wanted to ask him that question in front of Ser. It was academic now, since Sam was probably going to ask for Ser’s opinion on the matter; he was the only one who seemed to know anything useful.
 


Chapter Six
When Cassie woke up on Saturday morning, the buzzing that she felt between her shoulder blades— so normal for her now, she barely noticed it anymore— had turned up in intensity. She figured it was probably some sort of magic indicator; now that Sam had done the protection spell, she could feel it. She wasn’t sure if that was a consequence of being his familiar, or just the advantage of having a lot of latent magic that was virtually useless to her.
She grimaced, pulling the covers over her head. What was up with that, anyway? How unfair was it that she had magic, but only someone else— and someone she didn’t particularly care for— could use it? Maybe there was something she could do about that.
It was easy enough to convince Annette to let her spend all weekend at home; all she had to do was mutter about doing a few more practice SATS, and her mother was pacified. Cassie’s grades were good, but not Harvard-tier good, and Annette was hoping against hope that Cassie would pull her scores up and become eligible for the best universities. Up until a week ago, Cassie had been very interested in the question of where she was going to college, but right now, it seemed kind of remote.
She actually did start a practice test, snacking on cinnamon toaster cakes and trying to think of geometry and Latin-derived terms instead of magic. After she found that she was re-reading the questions multiple times because her mind refused to focus, she gave up and pulled out her laptop. Maybe the internet would yield some answers to her demon-related problems.
As she expected, her preliminary searches turned up a lot of nonsense: people nattering on about Satan-worship, and other things that didn’t jibe with her recent experience of actual magic. She also browsed witchcraft and Wicca sites, hoping to find something that would convince her she could one day use magic like self-proclaimed witches, but most of the more reputable sites seemed to treat the idea of magic as more of a kind of new-aged religion then well, actual magic.
It wasn’t that she didn’t see the value of modern-day witchcraft as a belief system; she could believe that performing a “positive affirmation spell” could affect one’s confidence and thus generate results, but she’d seen a man freeze time; she wasn’t interested in the kind of magic that could largely be explained as a placebo effect.
She did find some accounts of powerful magic, but in general, the more spectacular the magic, the more disreputable the source. She tried to keep an open mind, but after the fifteenth blog post somewhere along the lines of “I turned my cat Snuffles into a person and now he’s my friend! We go to school together, but he still likes catnip!” she had pretty much given up on finding anything of value.
Just when she was about to give up on the internet and return to the entertaining world of SAT vocab and Spanish irregular verbs, she found a forum that appeared to be devoted to demon familiars. At first, she thought it was more of the same, but she noticed something curious: for all the ridiculous posts, there were several she deemed credible, followed by a message from a moderator for the poster to check their private messages, or their e-mail.
Cassie clicked on a thread entitled “What to do When You’ve Become a Familiar?” with a frowny-face icon:
Hi guys, I know this is going to sound crazy but I’m hoping someone can help me. This guy I know, I think he must be a demon (he has these eyes!) did this thing to me— can’t explain it— and I’ve been feeling weird. Like, it’s hard to explain but my body feels different now. Now, he says I’m his familiar, and I should be happy because I’m poor and he can help me. I am 11, no one believes me and I don’t know what to do! How do I stop being a familiar!-Ethan.
A few of the responses were mocking, telling Ethan that he should be happy that a demon had Chosen him; others explained elaborate “cleansing” rituals that Cassie was quite sure weren’t safe or hygienic. The last message was from a moderator “Demon’s Bane,” who told Ethan to check the email account he had used to sign up for the forum.
Cassie sat back from her laptop and exhaled; assuming her situation wasn’t unique, some of what was on this forum was probably real, like poor Ethan. Even if a solid 95 percent of it was all made up nonsense, this “Demon’s Bane” person apparently used the forum to sniff out real familiars and contact them. But for what purpose? 
Whoever he or she was, she hoped they could be trusted for poor Ethan’s sake. Assuming his story was even legitimate, she had no way to help him, but she hoped someone could.
Cassie shut her laptop closed. She was tempted to keep poking around the forum, looking for more information about the whole familiar situation that Sam had yet to share with her, but how could she tell what was real? For every post that was obviously trolling or just plain made up, there were several that her recent experience wouldn’t allow her to completely dismiss. Trying to separate the wheat from the chaff would drive her crazy.
She finished another toaster pastry, deciding not to worry about undoing her short-lived weight loss when she had this much homework to do. She would finish the practice test, finish all her homework, then read some of Annette’s stupid mystery novels for the rest of the weekend. By all means, she would not go on the internet again until she knew what to look for.
***

By eleven p.m. that night, she was in the middle of her third pulpy mystery novel, frustrated that she probably wasn’t going to guess who the murderer was yet again. Cassie wasn’t sure if the fact that she could never guess the bad guy before the reveal was due to some deficiency on her part, or if mystery novels just worked on their own twisted logic.
She looked at her laptop, tempting in its deep purple case, then quickly looked back to her book. No, she would not invite insanity by searching the internet for demons again, and it was pointless to try to go online if she wasn’t going to allow herself to do that.
At least I have some self-control, she thought as she ate her eighth toaster pastry; yeah, she’d kind of messed up on the nutrition angle today. Somehow, she couldn’t be mad at herself for it.
Hunter had periodically come upstairs and asked her to play his racing game with him, and she kept saying no; sometimes, she agreed to play his games with him if she had nothing better to do, but right now, she felt like she was better off keeping her distance from her brother. Whether she was legitimately concerned about his safety, or just making excuses so she could hide in her room with trashy novels and junk food, she wasn’t sure.
She sat up and rubbed her back. The buzzing in her shoulder blades was getting stronger, and she wasn’t sure why. Maybe the magic strengthened later in the day, or maybe she was just imagining things now that her book was boring her.
When she settled back to read again, Cassie heard a rustling on the grass outside; for a moment, she wondered if her parents were coming home from a movie, only to remember that Jon and Annette were both curled up in front of the television in the living room the last time she went downstairs for snacks. No, whoever was out there wasn’t a member of her family.
She stood to go to the window, the first icy tendrils of fear unfurling in her gut. When she was almost to the window, she fell to her knees as a sudden burst of pressure erupted next to her spine. A sensation like a fingernails scraping across her brain ripped a scream from her throat, and she collapsed completely on the floor.
When she came to, Jon was cradling her in his arms, while Annette was screaming into the phone. Hunter was standing in the doorway of her room, looking white as a sheet.
“Mom, Dad,” she gurgled. “Get him out of here,” she said, gesturing weakly to Hunter.
“Cassie!” Annette screamed, taking the phone from her ear. “Oh my God, honey, what happened! You just screamed out of nowhere!”
“Just breathe, Cassie,” said her father gently. “Everything’s alright now.”
“No,” Cassie said catching her breath. “No, it’s not. You have to call the police. Someone outside is dead.”
 


Chapter Seven
The silver-haired police detective was doing a better job calming Annette down than Cassie would have expected.
“Ma’am, normally I wouldn’t tell you this— and we won’t know anything for sure until the medical examiners are through— but I’ll tell you right now, because children are involved: I don’t see how any of you could be suspects,” he said, drinking Annette’s too-strong coffee. “For the bodies to be in that…condition,” he said, faltering only slightly, “there would have to have been some kind of struggle. Instead, it’s like they just appeared on your front lawn a few hours ago, already in that state. I would be very surprised if the autopsy doesn’t confirm that they were killed elsewhere and just dropped off in front of your house.”
Cassie hugged her knees to her chest; apparently, she had been deemed old enough to sit in on the detective’s comments. Hunter had been whisked upstairs, despite his protests, by her father, and she could hear the distant warble of an animated movie coming from his bedroom. They had managed to keep the 10-year-old boy from seeing the bodies, meaning that he still saw the sudden police activity at their house as “cool” instead of terrifying and traumatizing for life; Cassie hadn’t been so lucky.
“But who would do such a thing? Why? I swear to God, we’re not involved with the mob or anything like that!” said Annette for what must have been the fifth time.
“Maybe not, but everybody has enemies, ma’am; can you think of anyone who might want to hurt you or your family? Don’t try to think about who might be capable of it, because I can tell you that everyone’s capable.”
Annette snorted; Cassie marveled at her mother’s self-possession in this situation. She’d thought Annette was crazy for a long time, but apparently, it was a kind of crazy that allowed her to stay remarkably calm in situations that would drive other people legitimately crazy. “I have enemies in the PTA, detective; they can be bitchy, but this is a bit much.”
The two bodies, both men (from what they could tell) had been found on their front lawn, not far from where Sam had been standing a few hours ago; apparently, the spell hadn’t been about protection so much as it was about brutally dismembering anyone who wasn’t welcome.
Cassie shivered as she remembered giving Sam a few strands of her hair last night, asking herself over and over again why she hadn’t asked him what he was going to use them to do. If she’d known, she never would have agreed to it; nothing that could do that to a human being should ever be used.
But then what, she thought, I just let them take me? She knew the men had been there for her, as sure as she’d known that someone was dead once she’d regained consciousness.
The detective looked at Cassie and she felt a small surge of fear; what could she do if he asked her what she knew? She knew everything, didn’t think she could lie to his face convincingly, and telling the truth would only make things ten times worse. Annette followed his gaze and put her coffee cup on the table with a loud bang.
“Detective Cavello, Cassie is a minor,” said Annette. “I didn’t ask for a lawyer before questioning because, like I said, we have nothing to do with this, but if you want to question her, I will have to ask for it to be in the presence of a lawyer.”
Cassie exhaled: Yaaay for maternal overprotectiveness! She didn’t know if being in front of a lawyer would help matters, but at least it would give her some time to think up what she would say.
The detective shook his head sadly and went to stand. “Ma’am, I’ll let you know if the investigation requires your further participation, but as of right now I’d just as soon let your little girl forget this ever happened,” he said, giving Cassie a weak smile.
As Annette went to walk the detective out, Cassie scratched between her shoulder blades. The spell was still active, dammit, and for all she knew it might kill more people before the weekend was over. She didn’t think demons would send more people to snatch her now that the most recent pair had met with such a horrific end, but she hadn’t thought it likely that they would try to snatch her in the first place; obviously, the way these people operated was alien to her.
She frowned; she needed to talk to Sam, and she didn’t see how it was possible. He had to know the spell had activated, but he couldn’t come near the house without Annette going on the offensive, and that had been true even before dead bodies had started turning up. Actually, it was kind of darkly humorous how right Annette had been about him, in a way; she’d known he was dangerous for her daughter, just had no idea what order of magnitude the danger was.
She passed her father on the way up the stairs.
“He’s fast asleep, bless him,” said her father. “I’m going to have to tell him tomorrow some of what happened, but for now he just thinks the police came for a visit. You going to be okay, sweetheart?”
She looked at him; her friendly neighborhood demon was blowing people up on her lawn, and he was asking if she was okay? Granted, he didn’t really know about the first part, but it still seemed like a ridiculous question.
“I mean, for tonight,” said her father, backpedaling. “I know it’s hard, but the best thing is to try to get some sleep.”
“Oh,” said Cassie sheepishly. “I’m so tired, I think I’ll sleep okay. I just hope I don’t have nightmares.”
Her father winced. “Cass, normally I wouldn’t allow this, but you know your mother keeps her pills on the third shelf of the—"
“Dad, I’m fine! And if I wake up from a bad dream, I’ll take the pill, okay?” she said when the look of naked concern on her father’s face made her feel strangely guilty.
“Okay. We’ll get through this,” he said, pulling her into one of his big bear hugs that used to make her feel so secure.
***

Once again, Cassie found herself at her grandparent’s home upstate, only this time, she was wearing the t-shirt and sweats that she’d gone to sleep in. After a few minutes of disorientation, she remembered that she had gone to sleep a short while ago: that meant she must be dreaming, or something akin to it.
“Finally getting used to it, I see,” said Sam, standing above her.
Cassie looked up at him. “Why are we here again? I thought the last time it was because my brain was going crazy.”
Sam sat on the far edge of her chair. “I needed to talk to you, but there’s no way I could physically go to you, especially not now. So we’re meeting in a kind of dream state— one of the benefits of our familiar bond.”
“Yeah, it’s really beneficial for me,” Cassie mumbled, still feeling uncomfortable in the real-yet-not atmosphere of the dream. She knew she had to tell him something, but couldn’t remember what it was. She was also distracted by him sitting so close to her; she knew it was all a mental projection and their bodies weren’t involved, but it still seemed awfully familiar of him to just plunk down on the edge of her chair like that.
Sam looked out at the horizon behind her grandparent’s house; since the last time they were here, the fall foliage had started to become noticeable, making some of the trees look like a mix of spun gold and cotton candy. “If I thought they would trigger it, I never would have made the spell work like that; I purposely made it so gruesome so they would stay away from it,” he said, anger obvious in his voice.
Cassie tilted her head to the side. “Oh right, I remember now: you’re a murderer.”
Sam jerked back as though he’d been slapped. “I’m telling you, they never should have triggered it. Lethal magic is kind of like nuclear weapons; you point it at everyone in the hopes that the threat of using it will be enough,” he explained. “I never planned for that spell to activate.”
Cassie leaned back in her chair and considered that. She supposed it was better that he hadn’t meant to kill anyone, but something about his logic didn’t add up to her. “Why make a spell if you didn’t want to use it?” she asked. “I mean, couldn’t you make it so that trying to get into the house would just make them go unconscious or something? Then you would have known who it was afterwards, because they’d still be in one piece.”
A look flickered over Sam’s face briefly that she couldn’t identify, and he looked away. “I could have, but that’s very…delicate. Doing it this way was…more efficient.”
Cassie sat up in her chair, pulling her legs up and away from him. “You mean, you suck at magic, so you made the spell killer because it was easier for you.”
“Cassie!” he said, snapping his head around to look at her in outrage.
She shrugged. “I don’t know if I get this because you’re in my head now so I understand you better, or if it’s just that obvious. But you have like, zero control over magic, right? That’s why you didn’t use magic on Serenus even when you were really pissed, because you would have killed him.”
Sam narrowed his eyes and stood up, pacing. She noticed he was wearing his typical work outfit: black pants, and an immaculate white button down shirt with the collar of a black undershirt peeking out at his throat.
“You also have zero imagination, because you can probably look like whatever you want in a dream and you’re still dressed like we’re at work,” said Cassie, yawning.
He turned to face her, hands balled into fists at his side. “What do you want from me,” he said quietly. “I came to tell you what happened now that you have dead people in front of your house, and all you do is insult me.”
Cassie stood and stretched, finally feeling at home in the murky feeling of the dream world. “What do I want from you? Hmm, let’s see. First, I’d like you to stop killing people because you’re too lazy to do proper magic. Second, I’d like it if you killed people away from where my little brother might see them,” and a properly guilty look came over his face at that. “Three,” she said walking closer to him, gratified when he took a small step back, “Don’t come into my head for any reason, ever again. I’d rather have nightmares like a normal person.”
He sneered, looking as close to ugly as she’d ever seen him. “Are you sure? I passed some amazing nightmares on my way over here. Want to see them? I may “suck” at magic, but I think I can manage that.”
Cassie went to slap him, and started when he seemed to disappear under her fingers. Well, it wasn’t real; she supposed he could be wherever he wanted. She probably could too once she got used to navigating this plane, not like it would help much. “I hate you!” she yelled. “I hate your stupid attitude and your stupid powers and the fact that you wear the same stupid outfit every day! I hate everything about you!”
“Cassie, I—" she heard him start behind her, sounding remorseful. She turned and connected with the palm of her hand, noting with no small amount of satisfaction that it was possible to slap him in her dreams.
He stumbled back, looking stunned. “I-I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have threatened you. I’m not really like that.”
“Don’t invade my head and then tell me what you’re like!” she shouted, balling her fists. “What part of ‘get out’ do you not understand?”
“I’m sorry,” he said again, seemingly melting away into the mist. The next thing she knew, her father was shaking her awake.
“Cassie! Shhhh, shhhh it’s okay sweetheart— it’s not real. You’re safe; it’s not real.”
Cassie hugged her father and cried. Now her nightmares could be real, and she wasn’t safe at all.
 


Chapter Eight
By the next morning, the police had removed all of the yellow tape and other evidence of the double murder from the front of the house. Cassie had spent the rest of the day alternating between telling her parents she was fine every ten minutes, and studying for the PSATs. She couldn’t leave the house, couldn’t go on the internet, and now couldn’t read mystery novels either; the descriptions of the murder victims ravaged bodies were now another thing that struck too close to home for her.
Maybe at this rate, I will get into Harvard, she thought. That is, if some demon’s underling didn’t snatch her first.
By Monday morning, Cassie was eager to go to school for the first time she could remember since she was a small child. She was tired of hiding in her room, tired of studying, and especially tired of the nightmares. She considered blaming Sam for them, but she didn’t honestly think he’d made good on his threat to give her bad dreams; he’d taken it back immediately, and she knew she was entirely capable of doing that to herself. She couldn’t wait to immerse herself in a world where people worried primarily about things like skinny fit jeans and getting into their top-choice schools.
Though she wasn’t a huge fan of English in general— she tended to do better in math and science— she liked her first period honors English class. The teacher, Mr. Golding, was attractive in a way that she found pleasant instead of threatening. Though taller than Sam by at least an inch or two, the sandy-haired teacher had a mild-mannered demeanor that seemed to come out of another, more dignified era, and never seemed to resent her for being in honors English when she was so obviously a math person. If anything, he seemed to enjoy her often less than complementary responses to the classics they usually read.
She also enjoyed the class due to Mike Trepkowski’s presence in the seat behind her, though for very different reasons. Mike, or Trep as he was often called, had become Jay’s best friend once they’d entered high school. At first Cassie had resented him (despite having told Jay for years that he needed to stop clinging to her so much), but eventually, she’d gotten used to him. Probably the smartest kid in school, and seemingly worldly beyond his years, Cassie often wondered why Mike put up with Jay and his naivety, but maybe that was his appeal.
At first she’d thought of him more as Jay’s friend and her acquaintance, but ever since they’d been in class together, the three of them had starting hanging out as a group sometimes. Cassie was starting to feel almost, gasp, popular.
As she was laying out her notebook, folders and her pouch full of mechanical pencils before class, Mike poked her gently in the back.
“Hey,” he said, “You heard anything about some dead bodies showing up in your neighborhood?” Cassie dropped her pencil.
“No,” she said, feeling the blood drain from her face. Oh God, she’d come to school to get away from this. She leaned over and pretended to be looking for something in her book bag.
She couldn’t see Mike behind her, but she could imagine him scrunching his brows together over his round glasses. “Are you sure? Because I read some stuff about dead bodies being found in your neighborhood. They wouldn’t give an address, but I know it was your street.”
Cassie emerged from her book bag, still not turning to face him. The bell rang, and the room began to quiet down, as Mr. Golding took the front of the room and began writing on the board. “I didn’t hear anything. It must have been on the other end of the street,” she whispered.
“Really?” Mike said, sounding like he didn’t believe her. “Two dead bodies, in your neighborhood, and you didn’t hear about this? I thought the police would—"
“Mr. Trepkowski, if your conversation with Ms. Tremblay is so important, would you care to share with the rest of the class?” said Mr. Golding, not turning around from the board. Normally Cassie thought it sounded pompous when teachers tried to get away with that old-school, call-you-by-your-last-name thing, but Golding made it work.
That would be enough to shut most kids up until after class, but Mike was not most kids. “Sure. I heard that there were two dead bodies found on Cassie’s street this weekend, but she says she didn’t hear anything about it. Isn’t that weird?”
“Maybe she killed them,” said a voice from the back of the room in mock-horror, and a few quiet chuckles followed. Cassie found she had trouble catching her breath; she knew it was a joke, knew that no one in class had any way of knowing she had anything to do with the murders, but telling herself all that wasn’t helping.
Mr. Golding turned towards the class slowly, fondling his chalk in both hands. “Mike, unfortunately I heard the same rumor, but if Cassie doesn’t want to talk about it, I certainly don’t blame her. I know you’d like to put off getting back to Hamlet for as long as humanly possible, but we’re starting now,” he said, finishing in a tone that brooked no discontent.
I love you, Mr. Golding, thought Cassie, semi-sincerely. She didn’t know if she loved him, but at the very least, he’d said the perfect thing to get her heart rate back down to approaching normal levels.
She heard Mike exhale behind her over the sound of everyone turning to the proper page in their paperback copies of the play, and knew the conversation wasn’t over; if something puzzled him, he would stick with it until he found an answer. At least she had a reprieve for the rest of class though.
Just when Cassie was getting into the play, thinking that maybe Hamlet’s ghost-related problems weren’t nearly as stupid as she’d always assumed, the buzzing between her shoulder blades dialed up in intensity to uncomfortable levels. She jerked, dropping her copy of the play and a few mechanical pencils on the floor.
“Cassie?” said Mike expectantly, and Mr. Golding turned from the board to look at her, his hazel eyes widened.
Suddenly, all the ambient noise in the room disappeared for her, and all she could hear was a soft, crooning voice that seemed to fill her entire skull with its resonance.
Come to me, the voice said, sounding like Sam’s and not like his at the same time, Now.
Cassie jumped to her feet, her heart suddenly hammering in her chest. Go. She had to go to him, now. What was she doing here?
“Cassie?” said Mr. Golding. “Are you alright? Do you want to go to the—"
He never finished, because she was out of the room like a shot, leaving her book bag and other belongings behind. Somewhere in the back of her mind she noted that Mike and other students made surprised sounds as she took off, but buried the thought; she had to go. She was needed.
She sprinted down the school’s main hallway as fast as she could, faster than she ever had when they’d done the running unit in gym. The blue lockers on both sides of the hall faded to a blur on the periphery of her vision. Nearly colliding with a custodian, she swerved at the last minute and burst outside the schools’ heavy oak double doors, teachers and students alike calling out behind her.
Once in the parking lot, Cassie quickened her pace even more, ignoring the angry honking of horns as she made cars jam on the brakes to avoid colliding with her. In very little time, she was on the sidewalk straightaway, running towards The Daily Grind; that’s where he was, and he needed her.
The store was only a 15 minute walk away from the school— one of the main reasons why Cassie and Jay had decided to work there— but Cassie wasn’t walking.
Somehow, she managed to weave around angry pedestrians without breaking her pace, ignoring the resulting screams and swears. She wondered what their problem was: she was needed, didn’t they get it?
By the time spasms of pain had started in her side and her throat felt raw and abused, she had made it to the shop. She ran through the door, giving an elderly lady with a walker a fright, and slowed her pace, if only to take a look around the café area. Khalil stared at her from the front register in disbelief, but she didn’t see Sam. That meant Sam was in the back room: she had to go to him. It was very important.
Ignoring Khalil’s protests, she ran behind the counter and burst into the backroom, eventually collapsing in a heap at Sam’s feet. Once she was close enough to touch him, she felt a wave of calm, like every system in her body had suddenly relaxed. He was sitting at the metal table, taking little notice of her presence and keeping his eyes fixed on two men standing across the table from him. Struggling for breath, Cassie looked up at them.
Unlike the vampires, who had looked kind of like gothic rock stars, these men were polished. Their suits were impeccable; either one could have been on the cover of one of those hoity-toity business magazines that customers occasionally left behind in the shop. Their impeccable display made Cassie uncomfortably aware of her own appearance; windblown, and absolutely soaked with sweat. Still, despite the fact that she must have looked disgusting, the two men were looking at her with big, greedy smiles, like she was some kind of prize racehorse.
Sam looked down and met her eyes as she continued to gasp for breath. Her eyes widened as she heard his voice in her head once again. Please, let me handle this— don’t move, don’t say anything. Seemingly dismissing her, he turned to their visitors.
“You’ve asked me to call my familiar and I’ve done it. What more proof do you need?” he said, in that icy calm voice he had that Cassie had come to realize meant he wasn’t calm at all.
“Ever heard of a frickin’ phone?” Cassie wheezed almost inaudibly, and Sam shot her a warning look.
The man holding a briefcase, with perfectly tousled salt-and-pepper hair, answered Sam. “You’ve confirmed that she’s bound to you, but this provides no confirmation for any of the court’s other questions,” he said, then turned to her with a smile. “Though, kudos to you for getting here so fast.”
Cassie’s mind whirred into action as her breathing slowly began to return to normal. Court? They were from court? If that was true, then Serenus was right and Sam would have to defend his “claim” to her in some official venue. Not that she was exactly happy being bound to Sam— especially after what he’d just done— but the thought of possible alternatives made her shudder. The two men might be smiling, but the way that they were looking at her was setting off alarm bells in her head. Better the demon you know, and all that.
Sam leaned forward, putting his forearms on the table. Outwardly he looked serene, but Cassie thought she noticed a certain tightness to his jaw that normally wasn’t there. “I’ve proved my claim, which falls within the court’s jurisdiction,” he said evenly. “Beyond that, what I do with my property is my business. I think—"
He never finished his thought, because he was interrupted by Cassie standing up suddenly and slapping him in the face as hard as she could. It was even more satisfying to do it in real life than it had been in her dream.
“Let’s get one thing straight: I. Am. Not. Your. Property,” she said through gritted teeth. She turned to their visitors, fixing them with a glare. “And I’m not yours, either.”
Cassie hadn’t known what to expect after she’d slapped Sam; she was hoping no one would hit her back, but she wouldn’t be surprised if one of the men had; chivalry probably didn’t fly with this crowd. She’d done it impulsively, refusing to allow herself to be spoken of as a thing, regardless of the consequences.
However, what she hadn’t expected was for her action to make the dapper men look at her with absolute glee. If she’d been like a purebred racehorse to them before, now she was apparently a racehorse who was favored to win the Kentucky Derby.
She looked at Sam, who was rubbing his jaw, where she’d hit him, with the back of his hand. His expression made her stomach lurch; she’d expected anger, but he looked completely despondent, like he was at a total loss for what to do. Cassie gaped at him; what had she done?
The other man, with sandy brown hair that was a painful reminder of Mr. Golding, safely back at school, spoke first after her outburst. “Obviously, you can’t control your servant,” he said in a business-like tone, like he was discussing a fall in the price of soy. “Standard procedure here is to take her to court until a proper guardian can be appointed.”
“No,” said Sam immediately, still rubbing his jaw. “You can’t take her. You have no right.”
Cassie crumpled back to the floor; she could be feisty and slap people all she wanted, but if they went to take her, what could she do? And would Sam even protect her now?
“And how would you know what’s within our rights?” sneered the salt-and-pepper-haired-business man, who seemed to be in charge. “You, Sammael, have a reputation as an eccentric; when was the last time you even attended court? Maybe you should have made some attempt to brush up on legalities before you took a familiar.”
Sam looked down, as if conceding the point. Cassie looked down at the floor. So, that was it; he was going to let them take her away. Vampires he could scare off, but now they had sent actual demons; even if he could fight them off, she couldn’t imagine the consequences for doing so would be pleasant. If she were in his place, she realized she probably wouldn’t do anything to stop them either. Silently, she felt tears begin to fall down her cheeks.
The sandy haired man took a step toward her in his perfect Italian-leather shoes, and Cassie instinctively pulled back. “Now, now sweetheart, don’t cry— we’re not going to put you in a dungeon. We’ll take very good care of you,” he said, with a smile that she imagined was supposed to be friendly, “and there will be plenty of people there just like you.”
Cassie started to sob quietly then, not caring what it sounded like. Sam averted his eyes, like just looking at her pained him. Before the men could move any closer to her, Cassie heard the door to the break room open.
“Now, now, enough being naughty, gentleman,” said Serenus, sauntering into the room. “Sam here might not know our laws from a hole in the wall, but unfortunately for you, I do.”
 
Chapter Nine
Sam looked up at Serenus in disbelief. “How did you…I didn’t-“
“I did,” Dwight interjected, and Cassie realized that he’d been in the room the whole time she’d been there; he’d been so quiet, standing against the lockers behind her, that she hadn’t even noticed his presence. “I sent him a text as soon as they showed up and asked for you.”
The demons looked at Serenus with disdain, like he was an annoying bug they’d love to squash, but couldn’t. Suddenly, Cassie felt like there might be some hope for her continued freedom after all.
“There was no need,” muttered Sam angrily. “I can handle this.”
“Yeah, you were doing a real great job so far,” Dwight said quietly.
“What’s your business here, Examiner?” said the salt-and-pepper haired man to Serenus, making a show of brushing some imaginary lint off of his immaculate black suit.
Serenus grinned. “You know very well. Officers of the court, lying about the law. Tsk, tsk. How downright shameful.”
Salt-and-Pepper looked at Serenus as if he were a gnat. “We didn’t lie.”
“No, but like all good liars, you didn’t tell the whole truth,” said Serenus, still beaming; it occurred to Cassie that the man must live for moments like this. “The law, most recently amended in 2007, states that a familiar with potential for advancement must be taken to headquarters and evaluated— unless her master can successfully defend his custody of her at the next meeting of the high court,” said Serenus, as if quoting by rote. “What will happen at court remains to be seen, but Cassie remains here until at least the next court date— and when is that, again?”
“Two weeks from now,” said the sandy-haired man with a sour expression.
“Two weeks from now!” said Serenus, clapping his hands together in glee. “Where I imagine Sam has an excellent chance of maintaining custody of her, since whoever sent you two bozos wouldn’t have bothered if that weren’t the case.”
Cassie took a deep breath: two weeks. She was safe for two weeks. It didn’t sound like a lot, but considering she had just been wondering if she’d ever see her family again, she’d take it.
“Watch your mouth, Examiner,” said the sandy-haired one. “Just because you’ve been appointed by the court doesn’t make you untouchable.”
“Right back at you, kiddo,” said Serenus, gamely closing the gap between them. He gestured to the demons with his cane. “Really, you should be thanking me. Do you know what Sam was about to do if you actually tried to take her away with you? No amount of legal protection helps when you’re dead.”
For the first time, Cassie thought she saw a glimmer of fear on both demons faces. “He wouldn’t have done anything,” sneered Salt-and-Pepper. “It doesn’t matter whose son he is, attacking us would be signing his own death warrant.”
“Perhaps,” said Serenus, turning his back to them and pacing away nonchalantly. “But do you know for sure he wouldn’t do it anyway, just out of spite? I don’t know if he’s suicidal, but he’s not the happiest camper in the lake, this one. Maybe you should have brushed up on the particulars of your target before you tried to take his familiar away from him.”
Salt-and-Pepper grimaced at the echo of his own words, and looked at Sam. “You would have tried to kill us?” he asked.
“Of course not; it’s against the law,” said Sam evenly, and it didn’t take a mind reader to sense the murderous intent in his eyes. Cassie stared; she had thought his resigned look had meant he’d given up on her. Now, it seemed like he’d been planning something else entirely.
The lead demon cleared his throat. “It doesn’t matter; we’ll see you all in court in two weeks. Sammael, if you want to keep your servant, be sure to show up this time.”
“Will do,” said Sam icily.
“Good day, gentleman,” said Serenus cheerfully, like they’d all just met for a spot of tea. The two demons shot him more glares for good measure as they exited the room.
As soon as they were gone, Sam jumped up from his seat. “I was handling it,” he said to Serenus.
“Yes, but your method of handling it would have led to more dead bodies. I thought it was prudent to try a different approach.”
“They would have deserved it,” Sam said, glaring at Serenus. Cassie realized, for the first time, how angry he was; she’d been too caught up in her own situation to realize it, but he really had wanted to kill them. 
Serenus fixed Sam with a withering look, like he was a spoiled child who needed reprimanding. “And what, pray tell, would you have done next time when they sent not two, but 20? You start killing your own kind, they’ll send a squad to put you down like a rabid dog, Sam!”
Cassie was surprised at the barely contained fury present in the older man’s voice; apparently, he was seriously concerned that Sam was going to get himself killed. She swallowed; if Serenus hadn’t shown up, Sam could have gotten rid of the demons, just like he’d gotten rid of the poor souls who’d tried to kidnap her over the weekend— and that would have been the end for both of them.
Sam grimaced, like he knew what Serenus said was true and couldn’t stand it. “Maybe they would be doing me a favor,” he murmured.
Cassie stared; Sam wasn’t normally “the happiest camper in the lake” by any stretch of the imagination, but this was a new side of him. She got to her feet gingerly, hoping she wouldn’t agitate him further.
“Sam, it’s over, okay?” she said, everyone turning to look at her as she spoke for the first time in a while. “No one needs to die.”
“And what do you know!” he said, turning to tower over her with a suddenness that made her gasp. “If you’d just listened to me and let me handle it— if you could somehow have avoided hitting me for another five minutes— they might not have realized what you were and none of this would have happened! Now we all have to go to court because of you!”
Cassie drew back, shaking. She was confused; she didn’t know how to defend herself, because she didn’t really know what she’d done. He was that upset that she’d slapped him? She’d thought he’d be pissed that she had embarrassed him in front of his peers, but it sounded like there was more to it than that.
“It’s not her fault, Sam,” said Serenus. “This is all on your head.”
Sam turned his rage on Serenus. “They were trying to take her illegally! How is that my fault?”
“Because it’s your responsibility to know our law, and just like human law, possession is nine-tenths of it. They called you on your ignorance, and, if not for me, by the time you figured out you had the right to file a complaint, Cassie would be a thousand miles away.”
At that moment, the door opened and Khalil popped his head in. “Look, I hate to interrupt demon business with silly nonsense like our jobs,” he said, shooting Sam a dark look, “but I see those suits are gone now. Can I get a little help out here? The natives are getting restless.”
Sam exhaled, as though letting all the tension of the last few minutes out of his body. “I’ll go,” he said, turning away from her. Dwight stepped forward and put a tentative hand on Sam’s shoulder.
“Are you sure? Because…” he said, trailing off. Apparently, he wasn’t quite sure how to tell Sam that he didn’t necessarily want a demon still in the grips of murderous rage serving his customers.
Sam moved toward the door, with something approaching his normal state of calm. “I’ll be fine; I’ll stay behind the bar and I won’t even look at anyone,” he muttered, letting the door slam behind him. Dwight shared a concerned look with Cassie, like he didn’t trust Sam not to kill and eat anybody, and followed close behind him.
When they were gone, Cassie looked to Serenus immediately. “What does he mean, it’s my fault because I slapped him? He called me his property!” 
Serenus sat down, looking tired now that the action was over. “Cassie, a person bonded to a demon usually feels rather…subservient. It should be hard for you to disagree with him. When you struck him, right after being under compulsion not two minutes previous, you let the demons know exactly how special you were,” he finished quietly. “If they had any remaining doubt they were interested in you, you erased it.”
Cassie sank into an uncomfortable metal chair. “So despite what you said, it really is my fault that we have to go to court, huh?” she said softly.
Serenus leaned forward and put his hand on top of hers on the table; even though she wasn’t afraid of Serenus, the sudden contact still made Cassie jump in her seat a little. “Not really. If he’d told you what to do if officers of the court came calling, you would have been fine. This is why I asked you to be patient with him: he wants to help you, but he doesn’t know what you need to know.”
“But you do,” said Cassie, meeting his eyes. “Why didn’t YOU warn me?”
Serenus raised an eyebrow. “You’re not my familiar.”
Cassie looked down, suddenly embarrassed. She was getting so used to Serenus filling in all the gaps for her, when Sam refused or was unable to, that she had forgotten that none of this was technically his problem. She didn’t know what his relationship with Sam was, but the fact that he cared enough to try to help didn’t make him responsible for the complete mess she and Sam had created. She also didn’t know how far he was willing to go to protect either of them, or if she had any reason to expect him to.
“Thank you for showing up today when you did,” she said, quietly. Serenus smiled.
“It was my pleasure. Any day I get to show officers of the Western Court for the idiots they are, is a good day in my book.”
“I…have to go back to school,” she said, remembering suddenly how she’d run out of first period English like a woman possessed…well, technically she probably was possessed. Serenus had called it being “under compulsion,” and the thought of what that felt like made her slightly happy that she’d given Sam such a good hit when she had the chance, consequences be damned. She thought of asking Serenus about how it worked, but decided against it.
Soon, she would have to know, but for now she just couldn’t think about it. Because dwelling on it at all today was going to lead to her stabbing Sam in the back with a bagel knife.
Serenus stood up when she did. “I’ll walk you back then; you really shouldn’t be alone.”
Cassie started to say that wouldn’t be necessary, then realized that it was; she couldn’t take two steps lately without demons trying to whisk her away to whatever hellhole they lived in. She was thoughtful as they made their way outside the shop, waving to the managers at the front as they left. Sam didn’t look up at her, for which she was just as happy.
“Hey, Ser?” she asked him as they hit the sidewalk outside.
“Yes, my dear?” said Serenus, taking her arm with his free hand like they were in an old-fashioned movie.
“Can demons be killed?” she asked, pitching her voice low so others on the street wouldn’t hear.
Serenus briefly broke his stride, turning to look at her in obvious surprise. “You’ll forgive me if I’m not exactly forthcoming with information on that topic,” he said dryly. “I take it you weren’t fond of the compulsion, eh?”
“What a shame,” said Cassie in mock-disappointment. “I was beginning to think you knew everything.”
 


Chapter Ten
Serenus made up some ridiculous story about being an uncle from out of town who had swooped in to see his favorite niece for an hour in between business meetings. It didn’t sound very credible to Cassie, but somehow, Serenus charmed the ladies in the attendance office into believing it. Whether that charm was regular garden variety, or some form of demon magic she wasn’t sure; Serenus had said he had very little power, but “very little” wasn’t the same as none. Now that she was getting to know the man, she wouldn’t be at all surprised to find out that he downplayed the extent of his own abilities to give people a false sense of safety.
In any case, she wouldn’t have two period cuts on her school record, something that would have been a pain to explain to her parents.
Unfortunately, she normally saw both Mike and Jay at lunch, and she wasted most of the class before just staring at the unfinished collage in front of her, wondering what she would tell Mike. She decided to go with the story Serenus had invented— he wouldn’t believe it, but she couldn’t think of anything else. There was no earthly reason why she would run out of class like her butt was on fire.
Jay and Mike had gym together fourth period, so she knew Jay would probably already be tipped off about her disappearing act. Great; now in addition to worrying what she was going to tell Mike, she had to worry about whatever Jay might have already said.
Jay caught up with her first on the way to the cafeteria. He pulled her aside into an alcove near the lockers, and looked from side to side theatrically, to see if anyone was listening. If it were anyone else, she would have thought he was hamming it up, but that was just how Jay was.
“Mike’s in the bathroom, so before he gets here— today? First period? Was that a demon-related thing?” whispered Jay.
“Yes, it was a demon-related thing,” said Cassie. It wasn’t hard to sound pissed off while you were whispering, she noticed.
Jay smiled. “I knew it. Sam SUMMONED you!” he said, and Cassie gaped at him. “He called you to him, right? Usually in the books it’s vampires that do that, but—"
“Shut up!” she yelled, not caring that she was being loud. “Jay, you have no freakin’ idea what it’s like, okay, so don’t talk about it like you know!” She turned away from him and stomped towards the cafeteria; sugar would not solve her problems, but at the very least, it might help.
Mike caught up to them by the time they were at their regular table in the courtyard outside with their sloppy joes. He dropped his brown bag on the table and swung his legs over the picnic table bench, fixing them both with a serious look that Cassie was sure bode ill for her.
“So, have you two had a chance to compare notes?” he said, taking his usual peanut-butter-and-jelly sandwich out of his bag slowly. Cassie paused with her sandwich halfway to her mouth before she caught herself and resumed eating.
“What do you mean?” she said, trying to sound casual around her mouthful.
Mike took an apple out of his bag and placed it in front of him, still with that same deliberate slowness. “I’ll level with you: I didn’t go to the bathroom. I was going to follow Jay and listen to the two of you talk to find out what the hell happened first period, only Beckett stopped me in the hall and I missed my chance. So much for my diabolical plan,” he said with mock malevolence. “So, why don’t we screw that and you both tell me what’s going on.”
Cassie looked down at her sandwich; of course Mike was already clued in. When Mike had told Jay about her strange behavior, excitement would have clearly raced through those brown eyes, while Jay denied that he knew anything. It didn’t take a genius to figure out they both were hiding something from him, and depending on whose tests you believed, Mike actually was a genius.
Taking a deep breath, Cassie decided to go forward with her cover story. “I got a text from my uncle, who wanted to see me real quick while he was in town for business, so I ran out of class and saw him for a little while before he walked me back. It wasn’t the smartest thing I’ve ever done,” said Cassie, shrugging and taking a generous bite of her sandwich. She wanted to be chewing when Mike responded, to give herself time to think.
Mike looked at her incredulously. “You weren’t touching your phone the entire time. It was in your bag. You didn’t get a text during class, try again.”
Cassie tried to keep herself from shrugging again, which would only look more suspicious. “Look, I got a text, you weren’t watching, I went. I didn’t think you watched me like a hawk for all of Golding’s class.”
“No, I was enraptured by the Bard’s enchanting verse instead,” said Mike, glaring at her. “You didn’t have your phone; you never take it out during class, and if you had I would have noticed. You ran out of there like— like you thought you were gonna die or something, it was goddamn scary, and now you’re lying about it.” He spared a glare for Jay. “And Jay totally knows and he’s lying too.” At that, Jay bit off a huge chunk of his sloppy joe and immersed himself in chewing.
Cassie gave up on her sandwich and began removing the plastic wrap on the large chocolate chip cookie on her tray; she was done being concerned with nutrition today. Again. “You’re losing it,” she said simply, tired of trying to argue with him. “Just drop it already.”
“Fine, so you won’t tell me. I’ll just have to get it out of Jay,” he said, playing with his apple and turning to his friend. “I guess you’ll just have to continue avoiding my questions for the rest of the year. And next year. And the year after that. And in college. And—"
Jay swallowed his mouthful loudly and then took a deep breath. “Sam at DG is a demon, he made the time skip happen, Cassie’s bonded to him now, and he summoned her this morning,” he said.
Cassie’s jaw dropped. Jay had cracked that easily?
He turned repentant brown eyes on her. “Look, he was going to find out, okay? We tried.”
“I don’t know if that really counts as trying,” snapped Cassie.
“Serenus said we didn’t have to hide it.”
“Yeah, ‘cuz it’s just great for everyone to know about this stuff! It’s done wonders for my life,” she said bitterly.
While she and Jay bickered, Mike just looked at them, still holding his apple in two hands. Eventually, Cassie snapped at him. “What, no comment? Isn’t it fun to look at the crazy people?”
Mike looked down. “You’re not crazy,” he muttered. “I believe you.”
Cassie stared at him. Seriously?
“I don’t believe that you believe us,” she countered.
He looked up at her, an expression on his face she couldn’t remember ever seeing before. “Look, I do, okay? I don’t even know why I do, but I knew what I saw today was…different. Something I wasn’t supposed to see. It was like there was this other thing in Cassie’s body, and she wasn’t even there.”
“What did he need you for, anyway?” Jay asked her.
Cassie began attacking her cookie with vigor. “The usual. Demons want to steal me away because I’m the best thing with magic since pants, or something.” She frowned. “That sounded much smarter in my head.”
Jay looked perplexed. “So why would he summon you if they were trying to steal you? Aren’t you safer at school?”
“It’s the whole claim thing— he had to prove that we’re bonded together, and now it’s this whole big legal issue—"
“Whoa, whoa whoa,“ said Mike, holding up his hands. “Could someone please tell me what’s going on, starting from the beginning?” He took a quick look around, dropping his voice when two girls holding lunch trays walked past their table. “I’m still stuck on the fact that this explains the time skip.”
Cassie and Jay took turns relating everything that had happened since the morning of the time skip, taking turns while they finished lunch. Jay had to be prompted to lower his voice on several occasions, but for the most part, Cassie wasn’t worried about their conversation being overheard; most people would hear talk of magic and just assume they were talking about something in an MMORPG.
Mike didn’t touch his lunch, and looked from Jay to Cassie as they explained the events of the last week. When they were done, he was silent for a while, glancing out towards the center of the courtyard without appearing to be looking at anything in particular.
“Wow. Just so you guys know, if you are lying to me about this, I’m going to kill you both.”
Cassie glared at him. “You said you believed us!”
“I thought I did, but wow,” he shook his head, “this is just…beyond…I’m just saying that if this turns out to be a joke, I will seriously kill you guys. I’m not kidding.”
Again, there was silence at the table. Cassie looked at Mike, considering; sure, threatening to kill them was a little melodramatic, but she could kind of understand it. The foundation of Mike’s world was being rocked, and unlike them, he hadn’t seen any of the magic or otherworldy beings that gave them no choice but to believe. All he’d seen was Cassie run out of class like her life depended on it, which was unusual, but not irrefutable proof of supernatural forces at work.
“We’re not lying to you, but I don’t know how we can prove it; I can’t do magic myself— which blows, by the way— and Sam’s not going to care whether you believe or not. It’s not like he’s going to cast a spell just to prove he can do it,” said Cassie, trailing off when she felt a vibration on the seat next to her and realized she’d gotten a text. She dug her phone out of her bag, curious.
“So you can’t prove any of this to me. Riiiiiiight,” said Mike.
Jay looked terrified that his best friend would seriously consider that he’d play such a cruel prank. “I know what it sounds like, but I’m telling you, I saw the vampires and they were the real deal— and it wasn’t like they were Halloween vampires with the plastic teeth, you can tell they were real and they just, I don’t know, it was like you could tell they were vampires, there was this feeling like—"
“Don’t bother, Jay,” said Cassie, after she’d checked her text messages.
Jay turned to her as the bell for the next period rang. “Cassie, he has to believe us!"
Cassie shook her head. “I mean, you don’t have to bother because I think Mike may get to see some proof after all. Ser got the ingredients: Sam’s making the protection amulets today.”
 


Chapter Eleven
Coming in 2 work at 4 as normal, btw MIKE KNOWS. Bring him????
Cassie sent Dwight a text before her next class, assuming Dwight would tell Sam the score. Mike often hung out at DG while Cassie and Jay were working there, so Dwight would know who she was talking about. She wanted to bring Mike to DG so he could see for himself that magic was real, but she wasn’t doing it without Sam’s permission. She’d already pissed him off enough for one day.
As she spaced out in pre-calculus, normally her favorite class, she thought of how funny it was that Dwight had basically become their unofficial secretary for demon business. It should be Sam’s responsibility, but he seemed to hate cell phones for some reason— which was ridiculous, especially considering the fact that Dwight’s timely text to Serenus had saved both of them earlier.
Normally she didn’t check her phone during class, but she couldn’t help herself and put it behind her pencil case, hiding it from the teacher’s view. Halfway through class, Dwight answered her text.
SAM SAYS FINE.
Cassie looked up from her phone to see Ms. Servakis’ glaring at her from the front of the class, and hastily put her phone away. If she had been most other students, texting during class would be grounds for detention, but Cassie had a 99 average in the class; it was her first offense. Ms. Servakis turned back to the board without a word.
The rest of the school day seemed to pass agonizingly slowly. Cassie wasn’t sure if she was excited to see the amulets made, or if she was just looking forward to learning something, anything more about this strange new world she’d been tossed into; it seemed like everything she learned about magic, demons and their familiars just raised a dozen more questions. She wanted to know what the amulets did, and why Sam had scoffed when Serenus had first made the suggestion to use them.
When the final bell finally rang, Cassie met Jay and Mike at the lockers, and after telling Mike he was invited, the three of them left together for DG. For most of the walk, Mike and Jay were both silent, an unusual occurrence that made Cassie uncomfortable. She eventually started talking just to clear the tension.
“I hope these amulets are pretty. I don’t want to have to wear a cat’s tongue or something freaky like that,” she said conversationally.
Jay looked at her with the same unbridled enthusiasm that was becoming his dominant mood lately. “So, is Sam going to like, stir things together in a cauldron? Or is it more like making items in Diablo?” he asked.
Cassie harrumphed. “Like I know— you think Sam tells me anything?” she fired back. “For all I know, he could be mixing rat blood and poison ivy in a bubbling, cast iron pot.”
“I think Jay covered that with ‘stir things together in a cauldron’,” said Mike, and Cassie rolled her eyes at him, although it was mostly for show; she was glad he’d abandoned his whole “lie to me and I’ll kill you” mood, at least for now.
When they got to DG, Khalil was on the register, talking to a customer about the origin of the beans for the daily blend. The assistant manager waved the three of them into the back room, which is where Cassie and Jay were headed anyway. Mike scratched beneath his ear as he went behind the counter, like he was embarrassed to be infiltrating DG’s inner sanctum as a non-employee.
Before entering the break room, Cassie cast a glance back at Khalil, noting to herself that this was the second time he was opting to run the shop rather than be in the back room for demon business. Considering Khalil could pretty much run the entire store himself unless it got really busy, that made perfect sense, but she wondered if he was deliberately keeping away from all of it. 
In the back, Sam was standing over the round metal table, standing watch over a small silver pot on a portable hot plate in the center. The hot plate looked brand new, leading Cassie to believe he’d probably just bought it that day for this purpose.
He was using the top of their broken sanitizer to hold what were apparently ingredients; Cassie saw several clear glasses holding liquids she couldn’t immediately identify, and what looked like herbs in little mesh bags. There were also some chunks of rock, and a large metal item that looked like a hamster cage, but she couldn’t imagine what he would need that for. She took a step closer to see the other items, while Sam looked up at their entrance.
“Great job keeping the secret,” he said, giving her his half-hearted glare; the one he gave you when he wanted you to know he was mad, but not mad enough to bother flaring up at you.
“Ser told us we didn’t have to keep it secret,” said Jay defensively, putting his hands on his hips. Cassie ignored both of them and studied the amulet ingredients instead.
“No one FORBID you to tell, true. But I thought it would be common sense not to go around—“
“Oh my God, it’s a rat! You’re putting this in there?” said Cassie, turning to face him. She had discovered the hamster cage’s hapless inhabitant. It was a small black rat, cowering in the corner of the cage as if anticipating its lamentable fate. “Why is magic totally disgusting?”
To her mild surprise, Sam didn’t take issue with her judgment, instead returning his attention to the boiling pot calmly. “Physical demon magic is inherently bloody, using animal parts for power. White magic is much neater, but unfortunately for you I can’t do that.”
Mike leaned back against the employee lockers and cleared his throat. Sam looked up at him while he began stirring the pot with a wooden spoon. “What?”
Mike crossed his arms. “So, you’re making magic amulets.”
“I’m making amulets; saying magic amulets is redundant,” said Sam.
Cassie approached the table, keeping her distance from Sam. She leaned over towards the pot and took a tentative sniff, wrinkling her nose as she processed the unidentifiable smell. It was slightly acrid, but beyond that, she could tell nothing.
“This isn’t going to kill people again, is it?” she asked softly. She wasn’t sure what else to say: she could refuse to use it if it was more killer magic, but she didn’t think Sam would take no for an answer. Besides, did she really sympathize with these people who would risk their lives just for a chance to kidnap her? If anyone was still willing to try it after what Sam had done to the first pair, didn’t they kind of deserve it?
Wow, she thought, this experience isn’t doing a whole lot for my human compassion.
Sam began stirring more rapidly. “No, it’s a little more nuanced than that. Anyone that tries to touch you with evil intentions will experience unbearable pain as long as they’re in contact with you. It won’t protect you from guns or bombs, but it’s a solid anti-kidnapping spell. And...”
“What?” asked Cassie.
Sam seemed to think better of completing his thought. “Nothing.”
Jay had walked over to the sanitizer and was checking out the ingredients, careful not to actually touch them. “Can’t you just make it so, like, there’s a force field around us or something? That’s more like how protection spells usually work in games.”
“How do you not feel stupid saying that out loud?” asked Mike, under his breath, but they could all hear him.
Sam seemingly paid Mike no attention. “That’s more or less how white magic protection spells work, but like I said, I can’t do those,” he muttered. “This is the best I can do.” Cassie raised an eyebrow at the rare show of humility. “It has limitations, but it should protect you from harm for months.”
“How is a bunch of crap thrown into a pot going to protect anyone from anything?” said Mike.
Cassie and Jay shared a panicked look; was Mike suicidal? Even if he didn’t believe in magic yet, he should know Sam well enough from their encounters at the shop to know better than to antagonize him. However, Sam continued stirring slowly, like he took no notice of the rudeness of the question.
“It can because it’s a bunch of specific crap: specific items with specific properties that mimic the spells a demon or a witch can cast. Like a chemical formula, only for magic. I could cast individual protection spells on each one of you, but that would be tiring to maintain— doing this nets the same effect at a fraction of the energy. I’m using the magical properties of these items to take the place of casting with my own power.”
Cassie widened her eyes; for Sam to give such a complete response to any question, especially on this subject, was unexpected. She wasn’t sure if it was for Mike’s benefit, or just because Serenus wasn’t there that he was actually being informative.
More importantly, that was the first time either he or Serenus had made any mention of a witch. Interesting. Cassie sniffed the brew again, trying to discern what was in it so far. The pot made pleasant noises as it continued to boil furiously.
“So there are witches, huh?”
Sam paused before he answered. “Yes. And stop smelling it.”
Before she could ask more about this topic, Mike interjected again. “Look, if this is a prank, gotta admit it’s a really well-organized one. But I still haven’t seen anything to convince me that any of this is for real.”
“What about the dead bodies outside Cassie’s house?” asked Jay.
Mike shook his head slowly from side to side. “That’s weird, but you can’t say they definitely died from magic.”
“Only because you didn’t see them,” said Cassie, trying to excise the gory images that were trying to worm their way back to the front of her mind. She pursed her lips: she would not think about it. Period.
Sam put down the spoon on the metal table and went to the sanitizer, picking up a cup with a small amount of golden liquid and what appeared to be a salt shaker. He returned to the table and began pouring the liquid into the pot. “That’s not my problem, Mike. When I finish this, you’re going to wear it for your own protection, because I’m responsible for you now. What you believe is your own business.”
Cassie looked at Mike and shrugged, as if to say I told you he would be like this. Mike looked like he was angry, but unsure what to do about it.
“Hey,” said Cassie, suddenly remembering another frightening image she was keeping tucked away in the back of her mind. “Sam, you could show him your eyes. Your real eyes.”
Sam tightened his jaw like she’d just insulted him. “I will not.”
“Why not?” she said, knowing she sounded pouty. If that wouldn’t convince Mike, nothing would.
“I. Will. Not,” he said slowly.
Okay then, a bit touchy about that are we?
“Hey, is this the recipe?” said Jay brightly. He held a piece of loose leaf paper in Sam’s direction. It must have been on the sanitizer, perhaps behind the hamster cage where Cassie hadn’t looked. “Can I look at it?”
Sam sighed. “If I was trying to hide it from you, would I have put it somewhere you could easily find it?”
“Awesome!” said Jay, beginning to read the recipe. Cassie and Mike walked over to read over his shoulders, Cassie standing on tiptoe. She squinted at the ornate handwriting, which she assumed must be Serenus’; she couldn’t imagine Sam writing in flowery, cursive script. Jay started to read out loud, but the other two shushed him immediately.

Classic Protection Amulets
Makes: 12 units
Prep Time: 48 hours
Craft Time: 2 hours

Ingredients:
2 cups amber water
5 diamond studs
1 fist-sized chunk of onyx
1 chunk rose quartz, small
12 ounces bay leaves
12 ounces rosemary
1 ounce extra-virgin olive oil
2 tablespoons sea salt
1 goose liver (cat liver may be substituted)
1 cicada husk, hollowed out
1 live rodent: rat, ferret, or mouse can be used.
2 ounces demonic essence

Preparation:
Make sure the amber water soaks for at least 48 hours for potency. Force-feed the rodent with grain so that its belly swells the day before crafting. Extract demonic essence 24 hours before crafting.

Craft:
Heat the amber water in a saucepan over a medium flame. Slowly add the herbs while stirring constantly, over a period of several minutes. Add the olive oil and sea salt. Allow it to boil ten minutes.
Next, add the demonic essence while stirring. After the liquid has begun to take on a purple hue, add the diamond chips, onyx, and rose quartz. When the gemstones have dissolved and the potion starts to turn black, add the rodent, live; put heat on low, and let rodent dissolve for the next half hour, stirring once every few minutes. After the rodent has completely dissolved, add the liver and cicada husk, which should dissolve within minutes. Turn off heat after all ingredients have dissolved.
Let mixture cool for another hour; if mixed correctly, it should return to a purple hue. Divide potion into whatever you are using to mold the amulets before mixture hardens into rock.

When she had finished, Cassie made a face. “You’re throwing the rat in live? Ick.”
“We do it to lobsters all the time,” said Jay.
“Yeah, and that’s gross too,” Cassie responded. She’d never been too keen on seafood for just that reason.
Mike stomped away from Jay and Cassie and stood next to Sam, hands balled into fists at his sides. “Okay, now I know this is bull—"
“Don’t swear,” Sam cautioned.
“— because how are you going to “dissolve” diamonds just by boiling them for a little while? That doesn’t even make sense.”
Sam put down his spoon and stood back, arms crossed; apparently, he was up to the part of the recipe that called for letting the mixture boil for ten minutes. “That’s why I have to put the demonic essence in first,” he said quietly, like he didn’t really want to discuss it but couldn’t think of a way around it. “It can dissolve anything.”
Mike stared. “What’s demonic essence? And don’t say ‘the essence of a demon’!”
Sam smiled, the first time in a while Cassie remembered him doing so. “Fine, I won’t say that.”
Mike looked at the boiling mixture and set his jaw. “I’m going to watch you finish making this, and if I see that stuff actually dissolve, I’ll believe you. Maybe.”
Sam walked back to the sanitizer and began sorting through the other potion ingredients. “Whatever. You don’t work here, so it’s not like you can do anything useful anyway. You two, on the other hand,” he gestured toward Cassie and Jay. “Get your aprons on and go up front, where you might accomplish something. And give me some peace and quiet.”
“Yeah, you want it nice and quiet so you can hear the rat scream when you boil it alive,” Cassie said, crossing her arms beneath her breasts. She was bothered by the fact that they were torturing a living creature, even if it was a rat. Unfortunately, she didn’t see what she could do about it; lord knows, she knew she needed all the protection she could get.
Sam turned his eyes to her. “Then get to work, and you won’t have to watch when I kill it.”
Cassie swallowed. “No, I should watch,” she said. “We’re torturing this little thing to death, and I should at least have the guts to watch it. It’s gonna upset me, and I should be upset,” she said, startling herself when she started to feel wetness on her cheeks. It wasn’t the stupid rat; of that she was sure. It was the fact that she was now surrounded by pain and death, and she was pretty sure it wasn’t going to stop anytime soon.
Sam looked surprised at the depth of her reaction. “If I knew you liked rats so much, I would have asked Ser for a ferret.”
***

Washing her tear-stained face in the bathroom after watching Sam unceremoniously drop the rat into the boiling concoction, which had made it shudder and hiss with sickening sounds, Cassie resolved to lose herself in work for a while. Mike had come up front shortly after she had, looking pale and shaking his head when Jay tried to talk to him. He holed up with his laptop in his usual corner of the shop, barely acknowledging Cassie later when she brought him a cup of his favorite white hot chocolate. She imagined he was scouring the internet, looking for a mundane explanation for how gemstones and a live rodent had melted into liquid in a matter of minutes, with only the amount of heat provided by a cheap hot plate.
Eventually, Sam came out and took Cassie’s place at the bar. Temporarily without much to do, she walked back into the break room to check the progress of the potion. If Sam was back outside, that probably meant he was letting it cool.
To her surprise, it had gone from a dull, dishwater-like liquid to a vivid pinkish purple, with a luminous opalescence. The surface had a pearl-like sheen, and Cassie realized it was probably starting to harden, just like the recipe said. She stared; there was no sign of the rat, or any of the other weird things Sam had tossed in there. Instead, it looked like some kind of gourmet gelatin dessert. She sniffed, surprised when she came away with a vaguely floral impression. How did a rat, some gemstones and herbs suddenly smell like flowers?
“Well, it is magic,” said Sam, suddenly behind her.
Cassie jumped. “You said you couldn’t read my mind,” she said quietly.
He stepped around her and went to open his locker. “Give me some credit, it was obvious.”
Cassie made an effort to act unperturbed and not show her relief; she didn’t want him to know how much that idea scared her. If he knew that the prospect of him knowing her thoughts frightened her more than anything else, he might start trying to read her mind just out of spite.
What Sam removed from his locker appeared to be lanyards with transparent glass cases on the end; the casing for the amulets, she realized. As she watched, he used a teaspoon to portion out the potion into the 12 cases, shutting them closed when he was finished. When he was done, he handed one to her. Cassie took it cautiously, like it might be hot to the touch. Sam laughed softly at her reticence to take it.
The finished amulet looked like a necklace with a round, purple stone at the bottom. Small enough to fit in the center of Cassie’s palm easily, the pendant, filled with the fresh potion, looked like a slice of a vibrant gemstone, with a soft pink glow that she thought she might be imagining.
“It’s…gorgeous,” she said, surprised.
If Sam was proud of what he’d created, he gave no sign. “Put it on. It should harden completely within the hour, and then it’ll be active.”
Cassie slipped the lanyard over her head, blushing slightly when the pendant came to rest on the cleft between her breasts. Since she was wearing a polo shirt and her apron, there was no danger of the amulet falling into her cleavage, but it definitely would when she was in her underwear.
Sam scooped up most of the remaining amulets and gave them to her. “Give these to the guys outside, including your friend, the skeptic. I’ll give Dwight his tomorrow.”
Cassie weighed the amulets in her hand, surprised how light they were. “Can I give them to my parents, and my little brother too?”
Sam turned his back to her and began cleaning up the leftover ingredients, putting them back into a brown paper shopping bag he’d produced from somewhere. “Of course, that’s why I made the 12-batch.”
Cassie laughed; it was funny, hearing him talk about crafting items with dark magic like he was whipping up a batch of cupcakes. At his quizzical look, she shook her head that it was nothing and left the room.
Khalil was organizing the money in his cash drawer when Cassie dangled the amulets in front of him. He looked at them she was offering him some giant bugs.
“So not only do I have to wear this stupid thing, but it’s pink?” he said, looking up to meet her eyes. Cassie shrugged and tossed him one.
“Wear it under your shirt; that’s what I’m going to do,” she said, making her way to the café area where Jay was scrubbing down the tables. Before she could hand out any more of the pink pendants, Serenus walked through the front door.
“How’s our little experiment coming along?” he asked, to which Cassie held up the amulets and twirled them around so they reflected the light from the shop’s lamps. Serenus grinned at her.
“Fantastic, because you’ll need them in New York. We all have a convention to attend.”
 


Chapter Twelve
Apparently, when Sam had asked Serenus to book some plane tickets and a room in New York for his and Cassie’s night in court, Serenus had taken that to mean acquiring seven first-class tickets and a suite at one of the most expensive hotels in the city. While Sam sputtered, Serenus had clarified that the airfare and accommodations had been provided by some of his contacts at court, completely free, and that bringing an “entourage” with him would help Sam create the right impression at the hearing.
No one liked the idea of being part of Sam’s entourage, even just for show, until Serenus started listing the features and amenities their luxury suite would have. Not only did it offer 24-7 massage service and multiple hot tubs, but it would have one of those mini-bars with all manner of snacks in it that you usually had to pay through the nose to open.
And they didn’t have to do anything; they could attend court if they wanted to, but their main purpose was just to show up and be Sam’s “people,” to demonstrate that he had people.
So while the others had spent the last several days psyched for a free weekend trip to New York City, Cassie was stuck looking for a dress for the occasion; she was the only one on display, and Serenus had made it clear that wearing one of her sale-rack party dresses simply would not do. She had wanted to go to the mall, but Serenus had scoffed at that idea; that’s how she found herself at a boutique across the city, where even the cheapest dress on the rack was over two hundred bucks.
Now, in addition to all the other joys of her new, demon-enriched lifestyle, she had the pleasure of shopping for a dress with a 60-something college professor. She’d expected Serenus to stand on the sidelines sheepishly while she examined the wares, and then offer to pay for her selection, but the thin man seemed to be strangely knowledgeable about women’s formal wear. At the very least, he seemed to find some kind of fashion flaw with every dress she looked at.
“No, don’t even try that on; that’s no good with your skin tone,” he said sharply from over her shoulder when she examined a buttercup yellow sheath on the rack.
Cassie sighed; she hadn’t really cared about the color, she’d cared about the fact that the dress was under five hundred dollars. She had about a thousand saved up, a combination of DG paychecks and old birthday money, but she wasn’t keen on blowing it all on a dress for a stupid event she didn’t even want to go to.
Still, she was prepared to slap Ser’s hand away when he offered to pay; somehow, she didn’t think getting into the habit of accepting lavish presents from demons— even relatively harmless ones like Ser— was a good idea.
“Why are we even bothering?” she groused, lowering her voice when a dark-haired mother and daughter pair nearby turned their heads her way. “I mean, they’re not going to decide my fate based on what dress I’m wearing, are they?”
Serenus adjusted the cuffs of his sport jacket. “They’re vain creatures, Cassie. They want to be shown the proper respect. Showing up in any old thing is a sign you don’t respect them. A lot of court is pageantry, for better or for worse.”
“Yeah, I’m getting that,” said Cassie with a sigh. She pulled a slinky red number off the rack; it was a little flashier than she’d like, but the thought of Annette sputtering incoherently if she ever saw it brought a smile to her face.
“Err, no no no no,” said Ser, leaning forward around his cane. “Red is not the color you want for this occasion. Besides, that looks like it would show cleavage and we don’t want Sam to be completely useless at court.”
Cassie felt hot suddenly and shoved the dress aside, a little harder than she’d meant to. “Don’t worry about that, he doesn’t like me that way,” she said. And I must be a crazy person, because I kind of wish he did. Even though he’s a monster who kills people.
Serenus tilted his head and looked at her like she’d suddenly grown a tentacle in the middle of her forehead. “And here I was, thinking you were a clever girl. Well my dear, at least you’re cute enough to get away with being stupid, I suppose.”
Cassie glared at him. What was he getting at all of a sudden? “I’m telling you, he doesn’t like me,” she said quietly. “He always looks at me like he wants to kill me.”
Ser broke into a grin that made her blush. Frustrated, she tried to camouflage it by turning her attention back to the dresses, but she found they all looked the same to her now.
“Oh Cassie, he’s done everything but dip your proverbial pigtail in the theoretical inkwell. And don’t even consider that color,” he said, gesturing towards a mauve dress she had been touching on the rack.
Cassie took her hands off the dresses, holding them above her head in defeat. “Ser, if everything I pick is no good, why don’t you do something useful and pick something?”
Ser grinned. “I thought you’d never ask.”
The professor disappeared in the back of the store for a minute, only to come back with a black dress draped delicately over his arm. No, it wasn’t black, Cassie realized; it was a deep, midnight blue. When Serenus twirled it in front of the late afternoon light coming through the shop window, Cassie saw tiny, translucent beads in all different shades of blue glinting at the bodice and the hips. It’s gorgeous, she thought, and it’s probably also a million dollars.
Cassie crossed her arms, as though defending herself against the onslaught of silk and baubles. “Nice. How much is it?” she asked.
Serenus continued to twirl the dress on the hanger, feeling the material of the skirt with his thumb and index finger. “No idea; no price on it,” he said. “This would definitely bring out your eyes though.”
“Then go back to the rack and get another one with a price tag, and tell me how much it is.”
“None of them have price tags.”
“You are totally lying.”
“That’s within the realm of possibility.”
“Serenus!” she yelled, then lowered her voice when the woman at the register gave her a dirty look. She uncrossed her arms and balled her fists at her side. “How. Much. Is. It.”
He pulled her arms forward and folded the dress gently within them. “Try it on, then I’ll tell you,” he said.
Cassie groaned and stomped off to the dressing room. Since Serenus had driven her here, there wasn’t much point in arguing with him; he would probably refuse to drive her home until she tried on the stupid thing.
Looking at the dress, she feared it would be tight and she might pop a seam while trying it on, but it seemed to slide on much more easily than she was expecting. A shiver ran through her at the feeling of being encased in buttery-smooth spider-silk.
She stepped out of the stall tentatively, still wearing her athletic socks under the dress. When she looked in the mirror, her breath caught: she knew she’d never looked this good in her entire life.
The slight corset effect at the waist made her normally plump figure into a perfect hourglass shape. Though she was covered up to the neck, the way the ocean-hued beads reflected the ambient light seemed to call more attention to her curves than even bare flesh would have. Finally, the midnight blue color of the silk was perfectly reflected in her eyes.
“Oh honey, you have to get that,” said the thin, blond saleswoman organizing the racks in the dressing room. “That looks like it was made for you.”
“Th-thanks,” Cassie sputtered, then she saw the expression in her own eyes harden in the mirror when she made a connection in her mind. “Actually, I’ll bet it was.”
She stomped back to her stall and hurried out of the dress and back into her clothes, pausing when she noticed the glow of her amulet before putting her t-shirt back on. Was that a hint of blue in the center of the pinkish purple stone? She decided she was imagining it, finished dressing and went out to find Serenus.
“Was this made for me?” she said, holding up the dress on its hanger when she found him right where she’d left him. “Did you special-order this and only pretend to be shopping?”
Serenus smiled and she knew she was right. “So, what did you think? Do you like it?”
“I…” Cassie started, then changed tack. “It doesn’t matter whether or not I like it, where do you get off special-ordering things for me? What do I owe you now, like a thousand dollars?”
“The dress was three thousand dollars, but as to what you owe me? Nothing,” he said, and performed an old-fashioned theater bow. “Of course, I suppose I could take it back if it’s not to your liking. After all, it’s not like you’d like your master to see you in it, right?”
“He is NOT my master!” yelled Cassie, ducking her head when the same mother-daughter couple from before looked at her like she had a screw loose. She was really going to have to stop discussing this stuff in public. “And I hate you so much right now.”
Serenus spread his arms. “Hate me today, hate me tomorrow. Want to get going? It’s all paid for, we can leave anytime.”
Cassie seriously considered throwing the garment in his face, but then she thought back to how the dress had looked on her and thought better of it. She turned her back on him without a word and began to head out to the car, furious with herself and Serenus both.
She was silent for about half the car ride home, trying to tune out the tinny, chipper 1950s pop songs that Serenus liked to listen to while he drove his VW bug. After she had calmed down, she realized that she was missing a vital opportunity to get information out of him.
“Hey, Ser?” she said keeping her eyes on the autumn colors on the stretch of trees outside her window.
“Yes my dear?”
“Is a witch a female demon?”
Serenus paused for a moment, then lowered the volume on the radio. “There are no female demons. A witch is….”
She turned toward him, put her hand on the volume knob and turned it all the way down. “A witch is what?”
Serenus looked tense, as though he was seriously considering every word he spoke. “A witch is a familiar who has learned to use her own magic.”
Cassie leaned back in her seat, considering that information. She wasn’t surprised; she hadn’t consciously given the subject much thought, but on some level, she must have suspected it. “So I could become a witch.”
To her surprise, Serenus took his eyes off the road for a few seconds to look at her; she was glad it was late enough for most of the rush hour traffic to be gone. “That’s what this is all about. As a familiar you’re valuable, but as a witch, you could be a game-changer.”
“So is a witch more powerful than a demon?” Cassie asked, feeling anticipation build in her belly.
“Oh, don’t be ridiculous, witches have nothing on demons when it comes to raw power.”
Cassie slapped her thigh and groaned. “Dammit! Why is it always so unfair?”
He chuckled at her reaction. “It’s not a question of who has more power though, Cassie. What’s more important is that demon’s and witches are different. Demons cast black magic. While they can tap into their familiars white magic— if they have a good one like you, of course— the magic they cast will always be at least slightly…gray. Only a witch can cast pure white magic.”
Cassie licked her lips; slowly but surely, this was all beginning to make sense. “There aren’t a lot of strong witches, are there.”
He didn’t answer, his silence saying it all. Cassie pulled her knees up to her chest, thinking; she didn’t think Ser would mind her feet on his seats.
“Let me guess: just like in the stories, black magic hurts people, white magic helps people. Right?”
Serenus looked at her again before he turned his blinker on for their exit. “As you’ve no doubt already assumed, it’s a little more complicated than that in practice. But that’s a good basic summary.”
Cassie rubbed her eyes, thinking. She thought of Sam rubbing his eyes when he was stressed, and wondered if she wasn’t copying him subconsciously— or maybe, it ran deeper than that. She was bonded to him now, whatever that meant.
“Serenus…my bond with Sam…” she began, quietly.
Serenus shook his head as he turned the car into her neighborhood. “It’s not my place to tell you about that; address your questions to Sam.”
“He won’t tell me anything!” she yelled, frustrated.
“He will: give him time,” said Serenus.
“Will you tell me how I can become a witch? Or is that also ‘not your place’?” she said bitterly.
Serenus pulled to a stop a block away from her house; they had agreed not to stop in front of her driveway to avoid Annette’s questions. “Give him time. I’ll answer as many of your questions as I can, but some things— important things— really need to stay between you and your master.”
She closed her eyes. “You’re going to keep calling him that, aren’t you?”
She jumped a little when his door slammed. He went around to the backseat and got her dress off the roof hanger. She grabbed her book bag and got out of the car too, ready to be free of him for the day. He handed her the dress carefully.
“I’m going to keep calling him that because that’s what he is. You’re used to the fact that, in the human world, you’re your own boss. In theory, anyway. But when you deal with demons, Cassie, you’re dealing with a culture that has changed very little since the days when women were treated as hardly more than cattle. You don’t have to like it, but you do have to accept it.”
She snatched the dress away from him. “Yeah, I’ll get right on that.”
“You’ll see what I mean when you get to court. Anyway, have fun showing off your new dress to your mother.”
“Err…” said Cassie, suddenly uncomfortable. “I can’t do that. I mean, she doesn’t…know about this whole New York trip. Yet.”
Serenus looked at her with an amused expression for a long moment before getting back in the car. “Court is next weekend: You might want to get on that.”
***

“Mom, I’m telling you it’s fine. Jay and Mike’s parents said yes already.”
“And if they all jumped off a bridge…” began Annette.
Cassie put down her fork, ignoring her dinner of microwaved lasagna. Hunter had taken a few disinterested bites and then ran back to his X-Box, so unfortunately, she had Annette’s undivided attention. “Mom, it’s not jumping off a bridge, it’s going to a coffee convention! We’re going to get to taste exotic blends learn how to make all the new espresso drinks.”
“And I’m telling you for the last time, you don’t need to learn anymore about coffee, you need to study for the PSATs. Who’s paying for this, anyway?”
Cassie averted her eyes. She was used to lying to her mother by this point, but this coffee convention story was a whopper, even for her. “The company. They’re paying for the training.”
“Really?” said her father, looking up from his dinner for the first time. She saw the bulge of his amulet under his shirt, and thanked her lucky stars that her family had agreed to wear her “art project” for a while without too much of a hassle. “A coffee chain is going to pay thousands of dollars for a couple of part-time employees to attend a seminar? Doesn’t sound very cost effective.”
Cassie licked her lips. They’d all come up with this cover story together; had everyone else’s parents asked this many questions? “Dwight and Khalil are going too, and they’re full time. Also, DG is a really generous company. They give a percentage of their profits to help save the rainforests every year.”
“Wait a minute,” said Annette, crossing her arms and fixing Cassie with a harsh look. “You said Mike’s parents allowed him to go. Since when does he work at the shop? Isn’t he the rich brat from Aston Court who doesn’t have to work?”
Could she have screwed this up any more? “He’s starting, he wants to work at DG with the rest of the gang.”
Her father looked puzzled. “Gang? You have a gang now?”
Annette brought her plate to the sink and began rinsing dishes angrily. “I’ll tell you what’s going on Jon, it’s that man from last week. She wants to go to this stupid thing so she has an excuse to stay at a hotel with her older boyfriend, and we’ll get to be grandparents nice and early.”
Cassie blushed fiercely. “Mom! You’re being totally ridiculous!”
Jon put down his fork and looked at her seriously; always a bad sign. “Cassie, is he going to the convention with you?”
Cassie stuttered; they had decided to keep as much of the story true as they could for simplicity’s sake, but if she told Annette that Sam was going, that would be the end of it. Annette took her silence as an answer, and pointed at her father. “You see, I told you! I was a high school girl once too.”
“And I was a high school boy,” said Jon gravely. “And however old that Sam fellow is. No, this time I agree with your mother: you’re staying home.”
Cassie looked at them, wanting to scream. If she didn’t go to court, Sam’s claim to her would be forfeit, and then the court would deem her their property by default. If they didn’t let her go to the “convention,” she would be taken away and they’d probably never see her again, but she couldn’t tell them that.
“Please,” she begged, hearing the tears that were beginning to well up in her voice. “Please, let me go to this thing. You don’t know how important this is.”
Jon and Annette looked at her, then exchanged worried glances. “Why is it so important, Cass?” said her father, getting up from his chair at the dinner table. “You can tell us.”
“It’s…I…” she stuttered, feeling hot tears run down her cheeks. She went to swear, tripping over her tongue when she remembered that curses were dangerous, and jumped out of her chair in frustration. She ran out of the kitchen and towards her room, where she collapsed on her bed. She tried to think of a new angle, a way to convince her parents that the convention was a good idea, but knew it was futile; the moment Annette had mentioned the prospect of Cassie coming home a pregnant teenager, she knew her parents would consider the trip off the table.
After a few minutes, there was a soft knock on her door and her father came in. He sat at the foot of her bed and began rubbing her back gently. “Cassie, you know you can tell us, right? Whatever’s going on, we can handle it.”
No you can’t she thought immediately. In theory, she could tell her parents the truth, but she couldn’t see any possible way it would help. Either they’d try to get her psychiatric help, which wouldn’t get her to court on time, or worse, they could actually believe her— in which case, Annette would probably insist on stomping into court by herself to give demonkind a piece of her mind. It might be a cliché, but it really was safer for her parents if they didn’t know.
“There’s nothing going on, Dad. I just really wanted to go to this convention, is all.”
“Well, there will be other conventions. And if anything comes up, tell us— don’t keep it bottled up. We’re here to help.”
“Thanks, Dad,” Cassie choked out softly.
It was only later, when her father had left and Cassie had resigned herself to the fact that she was going to have to get herself to court on the sly, that it occurred to her to wonder how Serenus had gotten her measurements for the dress in the first place. Maybe there were some things they were all safer not knowing.
 


Chapter Thirteen
Cassie didn’t tell Serenus or Sam that her parents hadn’t agreed to let her go to the convention. She was afraid they would suggest using some kind of demon magic to “convince” them, and the very thought of that made her feel sick. She did tell Jay, who was going to take her luggage, including her new dress, in his suitcase. If she was keeping it a secret from her parents that she was leaving for the airport after school on Friday afternoon, she couldn’t very well pack an overnight bag.
Sneaking away to court was going to put her in the doghouse with Annette for a while— perhaps forever— but as long as she got to return home, it would be worth it.
The time before the event seemed to pass quickly, with the days filled with school, homework, and shifts at DG. Cassie tried to ask Sam questions at work about witches and the nature of their bond, but every time she approached him, he suddenly found some urgent café-related task that required his attention immediately. She understood that Serenus wanted her to give him time, but she was beginning to fear that maybe the amount of time Sam needed before he’d be ready to talk to her approached geological.
For the most part it was an uneventful week, but Cassie often felt that she was being watched; men on the street seemed to look at her a little too intently, making her clutch her amulet to feel its welcome buzz of power in her palm. Once outside on the school track during gym, she felt eyes on the back of her neck and turned around to see a muscular man staring at her from behind the chain link fence that surrounded the Silver Crown Academy athletic fields. He had walked away almost immediately, but she had felt jumpy for the rest of the day.
It wasn’t just her, either; when she’d asked Mike and Jay if they’d felt like they were being watched lately, they exchanged worried glances and nodded. With court around the corner, it seemed like the only thing protecting any of them were the amulets. Cassie knew the only reason no one had attempted to snatch her outright again was that they could sense that she was protected.
When the fateful day finally arrived, Serenus picked up Cassie, Jay, and Mike at school and drove them to the airport where they met Sam, Khalil, and Dwight. Cassie hadn’t flown since a trip to Disneyworld with her family when Hunter was a toddler, and she was expecting to feel nervous, but found herself strangely calm in the terminal waiting room, thumbing through a vocab review book while Jay played a handheld game next to her. She supposed being afraid of flying just felt quaint when she had something so genuinely scary to anticipate on the other end of the route. Besides, if the plane's engines failed, Sam could probably just freeze time again.
She put her vocab book back in her bag and leaned back, trying to relax. Across the aisle from her, Sam was apparently doing the same thing, while Khalil zoned out next to him listening to his MP3 player. She had told her parents that she was going to be covering one of the shifts at the shop while most of the staff was at the convention— reasonable enough, especially considering she usually worked Friday nights. Her parents wouldn’t be concerned until after the shop closed and she didn’t come home.
Sam sensed her watching him and met her eyes for a moment, and she turned away; she didn’t know what to think of him anymore.
Mike was busy doing something with his tiny netbook (which Cassie had learned he owned in addition to his laptop and desktop computers), while Serenus and Dwight stood a little ways away from them, talking in hushed tones. What a strange team they had become.
And now we’re called an entourage, Cassie thought. 
“Now boarding, Flight 384 nonstop to La Guardia Airport New York, leaving from Gate 12,” said the calm voice over the loudspeaker, and the group all got to their feet. She supposed Khalil hadn’t been listening to his music very loud, since he got his belongings ready the fastest.
When Cassie leaned over to pick up her book bag, the only piece of luggage she’d been able to take, her amulet popped out of her shirt. Before she could tuck it back in, a large hand grabbed it, making her heart jump in her chest.
She looked up to see Sam staring down at her, holding her amulet under her chin in his fist. “What is this?” he said, something akin to panic in his eyes.
Cassie stared at him. “My amulet. You know, the one you made?” she said mockingly.
He tugged on it, pulling her forward. Before she could protest, he hissed “Look at it!”
Cassie did; where it had once been a pinkish-purple stone, the middle was now a gentle sky blue. The spot of blue she’d thought she’d noticed when she was trying on her dress had been real, and now it took up the whole center of the stone.
Sam turned to Serenus, who had come up behind him. “What is this? Did I make it wrong?”
“No,” said Serenus, stroking his chin. “You made it perfectly. But her own magic is seeping into it, changing it.”
Sam looked at her with an expression of frank disbelief. “How is that possible? She’s not even…” he started and then bit his lip. He dropped the amulet, took a few steps back and crossed his arms, shaking his head like he didn’t believe it. Serenus put a comforting hand on his shoulder.
“Don’t worry; its function hasn’t changed,” he said softly. “Maybe if she wore it for a year, enough of her magic would seep in to pervert it, but the spell isn’t meant to last that long to begin with.”
“Pervert it?” said Cassie, staring the now multi-colored amulet on her chest. As usual, she had no idea what they were getting at.
Dwight gestured to the gate. “Look, we have to board the plane. Whatever else is going on can wait.”
Serenus nodded and motioned the rest of the group forward, and they all moved toward the gate, Sam leaving last with a baffled look before he turned away, tossing his duffel bag over his shoulder with a resigned gesture. When Cassie went to move towards the gate, Serenus put his hand on her shoulder.
“It can’t be helped, Cassie; now that you’ve been tapped, you’re seeping magic. And this is what white magic does, takes black spells and turns them gray, then white.”
“If that’s what it does, then why is Sam so freaked?” Cassie asked as Serenus guided her over to the line of passengers waiting to board.
Serenus smiled, and whispered to her as they approached the flight desk next to the gate. “He’s not used to having his magic interfered with— well, no one is, really. It’s…a little scary.”
“Scary?” asked Cassie. Sam was scared of her now? That was a laugh. “It’s not like I’m trying to do this, you know.”
“I know,” he said. “That’s the problem.
***

She hadn’t expected to be able to sleep on the plane, but the seats in first class were so comfortable, she found her eyelids getting heavy soon after takeoff. The fact that she had gotten three hours of sleep the night before probably had something to do with it.
She dreamt of running away from demons, demons with glowing red eyes like Sam’s, but it was futile; her feet felt leaden, and every step felt like a chore. No matter how far she went, she never seemed to get anywhere: she was still running down the same stretch of sidewalk in front of the Daily Grind while the pack of monsters behind her walked towards her slowly, languidly, getting closer and closer with no need to run. Their sneering laughter rang in her ears as she stumbled away.
When they were almost upon her, Sam grabbed her hand and pulled her aside, into an alley that ran between DG and the next building over. When they entered the alley she somehow knew, the way one could know things in a dream, that the other demons were gone. She felt the briefest whisper of relief before the man in front of her split into two, both turning to face her.
She blinked. Two Sams?
There was a flicker of light, and they began to change form. It soon became clear to Cassie that neither had been Sam to begin with, and she felt foolish for being mistaken. Whatever else Sam was, he didn’t immediately register to her as non-human, and these things were as far from human as could be.
While still keeping a basically humanoid shape, the one on the right quickly morphed into a body filled with eyes, while the one on the left was all mouths. The Eyed One horrified Cassie in particular,  its oversized eyes staring in different directions- some blue, some green, some red, some bloodshot with pupils and some without. Some were clearly diseased, or maimed and crusted shut. But a good number of the functioning eyeballs were focused on her face.
She went to back up against the wall of the alley, only to find the familiar scenery gone; she seemed to be in a quarry filled with black volcanic rock, broiling under a red sky. She felt reasonably sure she was still somewhere on Earth, but beyond that, she had no idea.
“Look upon her now, for our time is short,” said the Mouthed One. Several of the mouths spoke simultaneously, all speaking the same words but with slightly different intonation and timing, like an out-of-synch Greek chorus.
Many of the Eyed One’s pupils flicked from Cassie to his companion, and she couldn’t tell where its voice emanated from. Nor did she particularly want to know. “I didn’t wait seventy generations merely to look at her. You will see to it that our time is long enough.”
Several of the mouths made irritated noises, but didn’t protest further. The Eyed One took a step towards Cassie, the blue-green eyes on its kneecaps drawing her attention. She tried to step back, only to find her back against the rock wall of the quarry.
“Do not fear, little daughter,” said the Eyed One, continuing to close the distance between them. “They like to say that the daughters of men were fair, but they were also clever: when the waters came, your kind took a deep breath and hid below until they receded. I trust you can keep your head below water for just a little longer.”
Cassie cleared her throat. Though she was terrified, she sensed that these creatures didn’t wish her harm. The Eyed One had called her daughter; in some way, they considered her their kin. They probably wouldn’t hurt her intentionally, but they were so inhuman she wasn’t sure they could help but hurt her.
“Who are you? Are you my ancestor?” she asked.
The Eyed One turned many pupils to its companion. “As I said,” his inexplicable voice thrummed. “Clever.”
“Who are you?” she repeated, surprised that she sounded demanding. In some strange way she would be unable to explain, she felt that she deserved to know. 
The Eyed One turned its attention back to her. “I will ask the questions. There is a part of you that is missing, small one. Can you feel it?”
Cassie knit her brows. “I don’t know what you mean.”
“Your kind, when you lose a part of your mortal body, you feel it— you feel a lack where it should be. Something was torn from you; you should feel its absence even though you can’t remember.”
“Or perhaps, because you wish to remember,” said the mouths in a sing-song tone.
Cassie’s head was swimming; this was making less and less sense the more they spoke. “I don’t understand. What do you want from me?”
“The child asks when She has been told not to ask,” said a single one of the mouths, located on the Mouthed One’s belly. It was the first time any of them had spoken individually.
“The child disobeys because She is ours,” corrected another mouth, this time on the neck.
The Eyed One came to a stop in front of Cassie and, to her horror, put its hands on her shoulders gently. The tiny purple eyes on its knuckles seemed to blink their long lashes at her playfully, coquettishly.
“I cannot tell you, because to explain in words you could understand would take longer than your lifetime; you must remember of your own accord. In the meantime, protect your birthright. It is yours alone.”
Cassie blinked. “My birthright? My white magic?”
“The time has come!” she heard several of the mouths hiss, this time in unison. “Make haste.”
The Eyed One looked confused. It was strange to see a befuddled expression in a hundred pairs of eyes. “White magic? There is no such thing. There is only Magic.”
With that, he leaned in toward her, several of the lower eyes on his face dissolving, forming a mouth-like hole. As he kissed her on the forehead, with only a gaping absence where his mouth should be, Cassie lost all sense of herself, knowing only that she was screaming uncontrollably.
She jerked awake with a start. She felt chilly, her body covered in layer of cold sweat. She pulled her complementary blanket tighter around herself and snapped her head over to the opposite row, and immediately calmed; Khalil was talking to Dwight about something on the private screen on the back of the seat in front of him. They appeared to be watching some kind of cooking show, snorting about how there was no way this particular recipe could be made in “less than thirty minutes!” if you included all the prep. The sheer banality of the conversation was infinitely comforting.
She turned back to look at Sam in another row, who appeared to be engrossed in a paperback history book, oblivious to anything else.
Cassie took a deep breath, then another; whatever that nightmare had been, she was pretty sure Sam had nothing to do with it. In fact, she was pretty sure it didn’t have much to with demons at all, leaving her confused. She wanted to ask Serenus about it later, but she couldn’t shake the strange feeling that it was none of his business; that this had been a vision for her alone.
That is, assuming her overactive imagination hadn’t simply fabricated the whole thing. When the familiar tingling in her back started up again, she shivered, remembering the Eyed Ones words.
Something was torn from you; You should feel its absence….
Shifting in her seat, she made a decision not to worry about it for at least the next 48 hours; whatever it was, she was pretty sure it wasn’t going to help her out in court. If she could emerge from court in one piece, then she’d decide whether or not to share the contents of her strange dream with anyone else. She had a vague idea what the Eyed One and the Mouthed One might have been, but she was content to push them both to the back of her mind for the time being.
Finally calm, she turned to Jay in the window seat next to her.
“Did I miss anything?” she asked, surprised to notice that his game system sat in his lap, untouched.
He flicked his eyes to her momentarily, then back to the window. “You have to see this.”
She leaned over him towards the window, glad she was sitting next to him; this would be awkward with anyone else.
She must have been asleep longer than she thought, because they were coming into La Guardia airport. The lights from Manhattan shone like thousands of jewels, reflected over the water of the harbor. A city girl all her life, not easily dazzled by urban grandeur, even she felt a shudder of excitement go through her at the sight. For once, that icy-hot surge in her belly was from pleasure, not fear.
“It’s so beautiful,” she said quietly, to which Jay nodded. They had both lived in a decent sized city all their lives, yet as far as this sight was concerned, they may as well have been country bumpkins; nothing prepared you for flying into New York City over the ocean on a clear, moonlit night.
Over the intercom, the pilot told them that the local temperature was 57 degrees, making Cassie glad she’d had the foresight to bring her denim jacket, and wished them a pleasant evening in New York. Yeah, we’ll see about that, she thought crossly.
When they landed, the other first-class passengers went to get their luggage in the overhead compartments, which Cassie’s group had all skipped; only staying two nights, they had all only brought carry-on luggage.
“So, where to for dinner?” said Khalil, tossing his book bag over his shoulder as they made their way down the passenger boarding bridge ahead of the other passengers.
“Check-in is at the hotel; I’m sure they have food there,” said Sam.
Khalil turned to walk backwards, facing Sam. “Really? We’re in the culinary capital of the United States, and you want to eat hotel food tonight?”
Sam shrugged. “What does it matter? Food is food.”
Khalil made a horrified face like Sam had just admitted to eating babies. “As a dedicated Food Network viewer, I’m going to pretend I didn’t hear you say that.”
“Actually, we have time,” said Serenus, checking his watch. “It’s dinnertime now, and most of the other guests won’t show up for check in at the Regencia until at least nine or ten p.m. If everyone wants to take advantage of this opportunity for some fine dining, I have no objections.”
Khalil fist-pumped. “I knew there was a reason the professor was my favorite customer!”
“You hate customers,” snapped Dwight.
“Well, yeah, except Professor Zeitbloom. That was the point I was making, see?”
When they reached the terminal, Khalil motioned for them all to surround him in a football-style huddle by the waiting room. “Okay, so which Michelin-starred restaurant are we going to go for: Le Bernardin? Le Cirque? Per Se?”
“We could go to the Hard Rock Café,” Jay said excitedly. The group exchanged glances and made a mutual, unspoken agreement not to respond to that particular suggestion.
“Whichever one of those has dessert,” said Cassie. Nightmares tended to leave her craving sugar, and she was learning that was especially true for the supernatural kind.
Khalil clicked his tongue at her. “Silly Cassie, you don’t only have dessert at the restaurant. After the last course, you go to a specialty bakery—"
“No,” Sam snapped. “One restaurant. We don’t have all night.”
“Oh, Sam,” Khalil chided. “All work and no play makes you a dull Hellspawn.”
 


Chapter Fourteen
Khalil and Serenus batted the names of several restaurants back and forth, most with French names, and seemed to finally settle on something. Cassie didn’t recognize the name of their choice, nor did she particularly care; food was the last thing on her mind.
Serenus led them all outside, where he expertly hailed two cabs. Cassie ended up in the car with Khalil, Dwight, and Mike, and it didn’t take long before the abundance of colorful marquees made it clear that they’d reached the theater district.
“Quick, everyone, look for the poster for Cats! I wanna see Cats!” said Khalil.
“I don’t think that’s playing anymore,” said Dwight, trying to get a look at the scenery while Khalil hogged the window.
“Whaaaaaaaat? I finally get to New York, and there’s no Cats? This blows.”
Mike looked up from playing a game on his phone to scowl at Khalil. “Why would you want to see that? My parents said it wasn’t good, the story doesn’t even make sense.”
“Hot Broadway actresses. Cat suits. Do I need to do the math for you, Boy Genius?”
Cassie tuned out their banter, enjoying the sights out the cab window. The streets were packed with people in all manner of dress. Some were decked out in fashionable outfits that made her feel self-conscious in her sweat-soaked T-shirt and denim jacket, while others were dressed in grungy jeans and little else. The lights from the theater marquees, electronic advertisements, and video screens all blended together, making the whole area look like an immense party room lit by a giant disco ball.
Even from the cab, she could sense the air crackling with energy, and for once, there was nothing magical about it— it was pure, human excitement. It was the feeling of the most exciting city in the world on a Friday night when anything was possible.
She could have happily ridden in the cab for hours, taking in the sights of Manhattan from her safe little cocoon, but they seemed to reach the restaurant in a manner of minutes. When she swung her door open, a man in an expensive- looking suit took her hand and guided her onto a red carpet.
Cassie gulped. Red carpet? How expensive is this place exactly?
The restaurant had minimalist décor, with soft red lighting that barely illuminated the white tablecloths. Tiny black candles at each table provided just enough light for the patrons to read their menus. A few well-dressed people stood before the wooden hostess podium, which was manned by an absolutely gorgeous blond woman in a dark red evening gown. Cassie had heard that a lot of the hostesses and waitresses in New York were aspiring models and actresses, and it certainly looked like this woman aspired to fame.
While Jay and Mike stared at the hostess with appreciative eyes, Khalil pushed through the small crowd and made his way to the podium. “Hi, Latif, party of seven. How long is the wait?”
The hostess looked at him for a moment as though baffled by the question. “Err, do you have a reservation?”
“No, that’s why I’m asking how long the wait is.”
The hostess haughtily drew herself up to her full height. “Sir, our waiting list is currently over six months long. I’m afraid we will be unable to serve you this evening.” She gave him a smile that was oozing with self-satisfaction, perhaps thinking how quaint it was that this poor little man in a Metallica t-shirt thought he could dine at her restaurant.
Khalil just looked at her for a moment. “Six months?”
At that, Serenus gently brushed Khalil aside. “Good evening, I apologize for not calling ahead. However, is Donatello Arrigio’s table occupied this evening? If not, we’ll take it.”
There was a pause while the hostess processed his words. Then, her perfectly made-up blue eyes widened practically to the size of teacups. “I-I don’t believe that table is taken, sir. Please give me a moment to confirm.” She turned to the phone behind her and picked up the handle, sneaking a worried glance behind her like she was afraid to take her eyes off of Serenus.
In a manner of seconds, she had hung up the phone and turned around, fixing them with a dazzling, though thoroughly forced, smile. “It seems Mr. Arrigio’s table is available. Please follow me.” She moved away from the podium slightly too quickly, shaky in her high heels, as though she were trying to get the frightening task of seating them over with as soon as possible.
She led them to separate area behind the kitchen with a single long table, situated under an old-fashioned golden chandelier. Clearly, it was some kind of VIP room.
“What up with this?” asked Mike when the hostess had brought them water, assured them they would be dining shortly and bolted. “Is there a private table for demons in all fancy restaurants or something?”
“Not all of them,” said Serenus, tucking his napkin into his collar. “But a lot of the high-end restaurants have demonic backing. How else do you think they get away with charging $150 for a piece of raw fish, some sliced vegetables and truffle foam?”
Khalil drummed his cutlery on the table slowly, looking dejected. “So the demons have got their claws all over the fine dining world. I’ll never be able to watch Top Chef again; it’s powered by evil.”
“Do you think there’s a reality show anywhere that isn’t?” said Sam, leaning back in his chair.
Khalil snorted. “You don’t know that, you’re just being an elitist snob as usual.”
“Can’t it be both?
At that, several waiters entered with their first course; apparently, VIPs didn’t wait more than a minute for their food. A small plate with a small brownish lump Cassie didn’t recognize, surrounded by pea-sized black pearls, was placed in front of her.
A vested waiter with a monocle stood at the head of the table, wringing his hands together in obvious discomfort. Cassie doubted that the wait staff knew that this table was specifically reserved for demons and their entourages, but they clearly had some inkling that the guests who sat here were dangerous. They probably assumed they were affiliated with the mob.
“Ah, what you have before you is a lightly seared goose foie gras, served with black pepper and sea salt, accompanied by some Beluga caviar from the Caspian Sea. Please enjoy,” he said, his lightly French-accented English adding to the ambiance.
When the waiter had left, Cassie crossed her arms in protest. “I’m not eating it. I read how they make foie gras, and it’s disgusting.”
Next to her, Mike cut into his foie gras with gusto; it was obvious he’d had it before. “Since when are you a vegetarian? You eat hamburgers all the time.”
“I’m not a vegetarian, but I draw the line at where they torture the animals. It’s inhumane.”
“Says the girl who probably isn’t human,” said Mike around a mouthful of goose liver.
Cassie nearly jumped out of her seat. “Hey!”
Mike swallowed and met her eyes. “No offense, but all these demons are on you like white on rice for a reason.”
“Yeah, but that doesn’t mean— Sam! Tell this moron that I am so human!”
“Honestly, I have no idea what the hell you are, Cassie,” Sam said quietly from the head of the table.
She sat back in her chair and glared at him. “Thanks so much for your support, Master,” she said acidly.
A waiter ducked in and laid the glass of white wine Serenus had requested in front of him, only to disappear just as quickly. Serenus picked up his wine like a socialite, extending his pinky finger.
“Actually, based on my knowledge not as a demon, but as a biologist, I believe the most likely explanation for our current situation is that Cassie is completely human.”
Cassie raised her hand. “Professor Zeitbloom is also my favorite customer.”
“How do you figure that?” said Sam with interest. Cassie noted that he was also completely ignoring his foie gras.
The professor took a sip of his wine before answering. “I remember once reading about a case—"
“Oh, God.” Sam groaned.
“Shush, it’s not a long story. Anyway, a few years ago two Caucasian parents produced a child with Asian features. Understandably, the father wanted a paternity test. The test confirmed that the child was his, meaning they had no explanation for the Asian features. 
“Some genealogy experts took an interest in the case, and went through the genetic history of both parents. They found evidence that on one side of the family, there was a Chinese ancestor dozens of generations previous. So the child was manifesting features from someone who had been dead for over a thousand years.”
There was silence at the table for a moment while everyone processed this information. Khalil spoke first.
“I don’t understand how this relates to Cassie. Are you saying there’s something inhuman in her background, but it’s so far back—"
“No, quite the opposite. Not often, but occasionally, you get a genetic echo. Someone who manifests traits from someone very far back in their lineage. Supposedly, thousands of years ago, humans had much stronger latent magic than they do now. Cassie is merely a throwback to that time.”
“You can’t prove this,” said Sam, looking dubious.
Serenus shrugged. “No, but Occam’s Razor tells me it’s most likely the truth.”
Cassie pushed her plate away, her head spinning. Serenus’ explanation made sense, but Khalil’s assumption wasn’t wrong either; the professor’s theory also allowed for the possibility that there was something non-human in her background. Yesterday, she would have been more convinced of Serenus’ explanation, but after encountering The Eyed One and The Mouthed One….
At that moment, the waiters entered with the second course. The French head waiter, sweat beading on his bald head, described the dish for them.
“Before you is a leg of game rabbit wrapped in Hobbs Shore Bacon, seated on a bed of golden polenta and chestnuts. There is also a salad of arugula, selected fall greens, and a brown butter gastrique. Bon Appetite.”
There was silence as they all began eating their second course, which was perhaps the most divine tasting thing Cassie had ever eaten. She gave a moment of thought to how the game rabbits were treated, then decided she was too hungry to consider the life story of all her food at the moment. At least she’d taken a stand on the foie gras.
“Mmmmmmmmmm,” said Khalil, throwing his head back while he chewed. “This is freakin’ fantastic. This is why I didn’t want to go to the hotel yet.”
“So I take it you’re warming up to the benefits of being part of a demon’s entourage?” said Serenus in a gently mocking tone.
Khalil seemed to consider that while he chewed another massive bite of his rabbit. After swallowing, he said. “Yeah. I mean, no joke, this is pretty sweet. I guess I was just a little spooked at first because I didn’t know what the deal with demons was.”
“Perfectly understandable,” said Sam, taking a sip of his water.
“I mean, at first I was afraid we were all going to have to be Sam’s hypnotized love slaves or whatever.”
There was a choking sound as Sam spit his water out all over the table.
“Excuse me?!” he said when he’d recovered his voice.
“Oh come on man, you know we were all thinking it. I’m just the first one who went there.”
“I’d just like to state for the record that we were NOT all thinking that,” said Dwight.
“Tsk,” said Serenus. “You think just because he’s a demon, he suddenly has no taste, no standards? That’s offensive.”
Khalil put down his silverware with a clunk. “You know what’s offensive? When the guy working next to you can like, blow your face off with his mind—"
Sam began rubbing his eyes.
“—or turn you into a frog, and he never bothers to mention it. Like a ‘hey, just so you know, next time you leave all the dirty, disgusting dishes in the sanitizer for me to clean, I can rip out your soul and put it in a jar’, that would have been nice. That warning would not have gone unappreciated.”
“Who would even want your soul?” Sam exclaimed, red in the face.
Jay, as incapable of reading a room as ever, jumped at the mention of souls. “Hey Sam, do souls really exist? Can you see them? What does mine look like?”
“Your soul looks like it should shut up and eat its damned rabbit.”
“Can you really hypnotize people? Because I think that would be a useful power,” said Mike, to Cassie’s surprise. She expected Jay to pepper Sam with questions, but she realized that the entire group, save Serenus, was dying with curiosity over what Sam could do; they’d just been afraid to broach the subject.
“Obviously not, because then I would have hypnotized you all to shut up by now,” growled Sam, shoveling food into his mouth like he wasn’t really tasting it.
“He’s lying,” said Khalil. “He doesn’t want us to know he can do it because it’s harder to hypnotize people when they’re expecting it.”
“Most of the urban legends about hypnosis are false, but that one happens to be true. I’m impressed, Mr. Latif.”
“Don’t encourage him!” grunted Sam.
“To be fair,” said Dwight, “You can’t really blame us for being curious, Sam. You’re the first person we’ve ever known who has superpowers.”
“They’re not superpowers,” said Sam, crossing his arms. “And this discussion is over.”
“See, are you just saying that? Or are you commanding us, as our lord?”
At that, Sam rolled up his napkin and threw it at Khalil, and Cassie giggled. Her laughter seemed to break the tension in the room, and even Sam broke into a slightly embarrassed smile. 
“You should just give us one of those Dungeons and Dragons character sheets that lists all of your powers and stuff. That way we won’t have to ask,” said Jay.
Sam’s smile disappeared quickly. “Jay, no offense, but my powers are none of your business.”
“Err, technically, they are,” said Serenus, who had drained his wine in the interim. He pointed at the table. “As official members of your entourage, these people are entitled to your protection. It is customary for them to know the limits of their lord’s power.”
Sam looked at Serenus for a long moment. “You could have told me that before I agreed to this entourage thing,” he said through gritted teeth.
At some point Cassie hadn’t noticed, Serenus must have indicated he wanted a second glass of wine, because another terrified waiter deposited a fresh glass in front of him. He lifted his drink in Sam’s direction in a mock toast.
“Yeah, well, maybe you shouldn’t have been such an obnoxious little twit when I tried to move in with your mother.”
 


Chapter Fifteen
Sam clammed up for the rest of the nine-course meal, picking at his food and shaking his head softly when anyone tried to engage him in further conversation. Cassie guessed he was shocked that Serenus had brought up something so personal in front of the entourage. For his part, Serenus was more talkative, but still seemed somewhat subdued throughout the meal, as though he were only half paying attention.
As she ate, Cassie tuned out the conversation about tomorrow’s sightseeing, and thought about what she knew about Serenus’ and Sam’s relationship. If Serenus had been in a relationship with Sam’s mother, that would explain how the two knew each other— at the very least, she was positive Serenus wasn’t his father.
Looking at Serenus over her roasted squab and black truffle shavings (or something like that; she’d stopped paying attention to a lot of the dish explanations), she wondered about the strange relationship he seemed to have with Sam. He was fiercely protective of him at times, almost like a favorite uncle, but there was resentment there, too. His comment had hinted at the fact that he blamed Sam, at least partially, for the fact that things hadn’t worked out with his lover.
The courses came quickly, no doubt motivated by the fact that the staff wanted to get them out of the restaurant as soon as possible. If any money changed hands on the way out, Cassie didn’t see it. It was still fairly early in the evening when Serenus hailed two more cabs to take them to the hotel.
In a matter of minutes, the cabs pulled up in front of the Regencia, a golden hued-building with swirls of crystal visible on the door handles and window frames; there was no doubt this was an expensive place. Cassie and Jay shared excited comments as the liveried hotel staff who met them at the curb took their minimal luggage and led them through the golden double-doors. Mike, who had stayed at expensive hotels with his parents before, tried to act casual, but Cassie could tell that even he was impressed.
The group approached the front desk, all feeling motley and out of place in the grand, cream-colored entryway with sumptuous leather coaches and marble floors. Serenus took the lead once again.
“Reservation: the Regencia Deluxe Suite, booked through Sunday,” he said, smiling at the lady at the counter. Cassie stared: even the woman who staffed the hospitality desk was wearing a sheer cream-colored evening gown, stunning against her ebony skin.
The employee returned his smile with a warm one of her own, surprisingly warm in fact; Cassie supposed that this place wouldn’t tolerate insincere half-smiles for the amount of money they paid. “Of course, Zeitbloom party, for the dental convention. One moment, let me get your keys,” she said, turning her back to them for a moment.
The group, including Sam, exchanged confused glances: dental convention? Serenus turned and whispered to them while the woman was occupied with the keys.
“That’s how they like to book these things: You say ‘dental convention,’ people get bored and they don’t ask any more questions,” he said with a subtle shrug.
The dark skinned woman returned with a small velvet drawstring bag, which Cassie assumed contained seven keycards. “Check-in, where you can pick up your badges, runs through midnight tonight in the Valencia Ballroom. Please enjoy your stay.”
Even though they were all bracing themselves for opulence , the sight of the suite still caused everyone except Serenus to pause in the entryway, jaws agape. An elevated platform in the center of the large living room, tucked under a large crystal chandelier, housed leather couches and an onyx coffee table, filled with champagne and overflowing trays of bread, cheese, chocolate bonbons and fruit. A staircase led down from the platform to a pair of large hot tubs, with what must have been a sixty-inch flatscreen TV hanging on the wall above them. There was a full dining room, complete with a wetbar and a glass minibar complete with all manner of snacks, and an alcove that seemed to be set aside just for massage tables. Topping it off, the back wall was all glass, allowing for a breathtaking view of Central Park.
“Whoo!” yelled Khalil, ripping off his shirt and making a beeline for the biggest hot tub. Cassie averted her eyes when he continued stripping. “Hey!” she yelled, only to calm when she realized he had a pair of bright red swimming trunks on under his pants. He cannonballed into the tub, splashing water over the edge and onto the marble floor.
Mike looked at him wide-eyed as Khalil came up for air, settling into a corner of the tub with an expression of perfect contentment on his face. “I’ll be right back,” he said, running off to find a bedroom to change into his bathing suit. Jay quickly followed behind him.
Serenus approached the onyx coffee table while Mike and Jay yelled something about the size of the beds. Dwight walked over to the dining room, picked up a frosted paper card, and tossed it to Khalil in the hot tub. “Check this out,” he said.
Khalil looked at the paper and then whooped again. “Whoo! Free room service 24-7!”
“We just ate,” said Sam, speaking for the first time in a while.
“Yes, I know,” said Khalil, his face hidden behind the menu. “It was so enjoyable, I might want to do it again sometime.”
Dwight looked over to Serenus. “They gave us all this for free? Seriously?”
Serenus motioned to Cassie, and she joined him at the elevated platform. Sam came up behind her and collapsed into one of the leather couches. “Despite Sam’s admirable attempts to lower the average salary of demonkind singlehandedly, money is usually no object. This is nothing to them,” Serenus said with a dismissive wave of his hand.
He poured two glasses of sparkling wine and handed the first one to Sam and extended the second one to Cassie. She held up a hand to decline. “I’m underage,” she said.
“I don’t think it matters here,” said Sam, taking a small sip from his glass.
Serenus took the champagne he had poured for her and sipped it delicately. “Your choice, but you might want a little something to relax you: we have to go to check-in.”
Khalil groaned. “I have to get out of the tub?”
“Not you,” Serenus said without turning around to look at him. “We three,” he said motioning to Sam, Cassie and himself.
Cassie felt her mouth go dry. “What’s at check-in?”
At that moment, Jay and Mike ran into the living room from the bedroom and jumped into the hot tub in their swimsuits. Dwight had to jump out of the way to avoid getting splashed, laughing softly.
Sam drained his glass in one quick motion. “Mingling, I’m afraid.”
***

Though they weren’t expected to truly dress up until the next day, Serenus made it clear that both Sam and Cassie had to look “presentable” at check-in, so she had an excuse to investigate the palatial bathrooms for a quick shower. The bathroom, four times as big as her bedroom at home, had a large shower, an old-fashioned bathtub with clawed feet, and yet another hot tub. Cassie was puzzled by the hot tub; were the two in the living room not enough? She was beginning to wonder how much of this luxurious presentation was more about showing off what you could afford than pleasure, since no one could possibly need three hot tubs.
Despite her skepticism, she still enjoyed the shower, moaning contentedly when she felt the great water pressure soothe her aching back; she must have twisted something when she was having her nightmare on the plane.
She put on a tight-fitting, purple velvet shirt, her jeans and a pair of simple black dress shoes, and Serenus nodded his approval. Sam came out of the master bedroom wearing a pair of crisp tan slacks and a black V-neck T-shirt. Cassie rolled her eyes; he looked great, with his cornsilk hair freshly combed, but damn if the man didn’t wear only the most boring clothes. Would it kill him to wear an actual color for once?
While the rest of the group set about ordering a lavish dessert from the hot tubs (Khalil had discovered the menu cards were waterproof), Sam, Serenus and Cassie took the elevator down to the ballroom to pick up their badges and mingle with some demons and their entourages. Picking up the badges was necessary, but Serenus had made it clear that the real reason the three of them had to go was to start making a good impression before their hearing tomorrow.
Which meant that Cassie should try to act like a respectable familiar. She frowned as the elevator made pleasant dings to indicate each passing floor, thinking; she could playact at being subservient to her master, but how far should she push it? Overplaying it and looking phony could be worse than not doing anything.
She turned to Sam. “Hey, do I have to pretend to be in your thrall or whatever?”
Sam looked down at her with a raised eyebrow. “Thrall. Nice vocabulary there.”
“Thanks, it’s an SAT word.”
Sam chuckled softly and shook his head. “That ship sailed when you slapped me in front of two officers of the court. Just try not to hit me for the next hour, if you can possibly help it.”
“I won’t hit you,” she whispered as the elevator doors popped open. No matter what he might think, she did have some self-control; she hadn’t tried to throttle him yet, had she?
The three of them quickly made their way to the ballroom at the end of the red-carpeted hall. The room was filled with what looked like several hundred people, in all manner of dress; some had clearly just got there and were still wearing their traveling clothes, while others were dressed elegantly. To Cassie, the sight reminded her of cocktail hour at her cousin’s wedding, complete with sharply dressed waitresses walking around with hot trays of miniature spinach pies and tiny hot dogs.
Cassie smiled to herself; maybe Khalil wouldn’t have been so keen to stay in the hot tub if he knew free pigs-in-blankets were available downstairs. The man seemed to have a gargantuan appetite, at least when the food was free.
Someone waved to Serenus within seconds of their entrance, and he winked at Sam and Cassie over his shoulder before he left to go talk to his contact. “Now, be nice,” he said. “Also, remember they are far more scared of you than you are of them.”
“True,” said Sam, still looking uncomfortable.
“I doubt that highly,” said Cassie as Serenus walked off.
Sam used his height to get the lay of the land, then motioned that she should follow him. He led them past the bar to a table adorned with black and gold balloons. A curly-haired woman in a glittering black gown manning the table gave him a big smile, which faded when a coworker whispered something in her ear as Sam and Cassie approached the table.
“Zeitbloom party, checking in?” Sam said, flashing the woman one of his rare smiles. Cassie wanted to punch herself in the stomach when she felt it flip-flop at his grin, but managed to resist the urge.
“Yes of course, I just saw the Examiner,” she said, motioning to where Serenus was already deeply engrossed in conversation with several other men. She reached behind the table and pulled up a black plastic bag.
“Here you have your badges, and a schedule. Yellow badges are for members of your entourage, while the blue badges are for any familiars you may have. Make sure your people wear their badges at all times during court tomorrow.”
Serenus had explained that the badges were critically important for their safety. As violent as demon politics might be in general, court was the exception: no violence was tolerated in court, and human servants were especially well-protected. Starting a fight at court could get a demon imprisoned, but daring to attack someone wearing a yellow badge during court was punishable by death. It was why Sam had been willing to allow them all to come.
Cassie wondered if the emphasis on keeping humans safe at court was indicative of demons trying to keep a fierce hold on whatever pretentions to civility they had left. Of course, maybe they just liked making up arbitrary rules that made everyone jump through hoops.
“Will do,” said Sam, still grinning. “Is there anything else?”
“No, you’re all set,” she said, her smile this time a little forced. Cassie wondered what she had been told about Sam. “Please feel free to relax from your trip here until you’re ready to return to your rooms.”
Sam grabbed the bag and led Cassie away from the table, stopping in a corner that was a little less crowded than the rest of the room.
“What now?” she asked, arms crossed.
“Now, we mingle,” said Sam, looking less than thrilled at the prospect. “Want a drink?”
“We just had drinks.”
“Welcome to court.”
Cassie sighed; she wasn’t thirsty, but she felt uncomfortable and at least having a drink would give her something to do. “Shirley Temple?”
Sam nodded and handed her the bag of badges before heading for the bar. “Don’t move,” he said softly.
Cassie bit her lip and looked around. How was she supposed to mingle? “Hi, I’m Cassie: I became a familiar by accident and now every demon and their uncle is trying to kidnap me so they can have their own witch. Why, if it wasn’t for this pretty pink necklace my master made out of diamonds and rat guts, I’d be in real trouble! How was your week?”
However, as she studied the room, Cassie was beginning to get the sinking feeling that an introduction wouldn’t be necessary. Some people must have recognized her, because all over the ballroom, heads were turning in her direction. One woman even pointed to her, which dispelled any doubt that it could be her imagination that made it seem like everyone was looking her way.
Of course they knew what she looked like: half the demons in the room had probably sent members of their entourage to spy on her all week.
Feeling her cheeks color, she looked through the bag for something to distract her. In addition to the badges, there were also some event favors, like pens and water bottles monogrammed with the name and date of the “dental” convention. Apparently they took this cover story rather seriously.
Smelling a familiar musk, she looked up to see Sam holding the red drink in front of her. “Thanks,” she said weakly, taking it from him. “Everybody’s looking at me.”
“I can see why; the witch situation must be even worse than I thought,” he said quietly. “There’s maybe two witches worth mentioning in this entire room, and I’m not sure about the second one.”
“You can tell?” Cassie asked.
He paused, giving her a searching look. “Can you?”
Cassie was about to utter a snarky remark when she realized that it was a legitimate question; he wanted to know if she could sense who was in the room. Squinting, she found that while she couldn’t say how she knew, she was pretty sure she could tell who was a demon and who was a familiar or a normal human just by looking at them. Part of it was the fact that the demons tended to carry themselves like they owned the joint, but she was picking up on more than just body language.
“The tall lady in the blue dress over there is a witch, probably,” she said quietly. “And that man standing next to her is a demon. The man they’re talking to is a familiar, but…not his familiar, I don’t think.”
Sam’s expression was inscrutable as she read the room, leaving her unsure if her guesses were right, even though her gut told her that they were. Sam moved as if to say something, but he was cut off before he could.
“Sam! Ha, long time no see!” said a heavyset man in a brown sport jacket and white slacks. He walked up to Sam and began pumping his hand vigorously, while Sam looked at him with an expression akin to revulsion.
“Remember me, Dan Bucknell? We met a few years ago when my company hired that construction firm you were slumming at?”
“Oh. Right,” said Sam, noncommittally. “Nice to see you again,” and Cassie suppressed a shudder at the iciness of his tone.
Dan, looking like he’d had more to drink than just the half-finished beer in his hand, either didn’t notice Sam’s coldness or ignored it entirely. “And it’s great to see you! Talk of the town now, what with the new girl and all—" at that he gave Cassie a huge grin that made her nervous—“and, I have to tell you, it’s unbelievable. Do you know they have people out scouting for witches as we speak and what have those hacks turned up? Didley-Squat. But send Sammael out and about for a few months, he’ll come back with the best potential we’ve seen in decades! Only you, my friend.”
“Ah...thanks,” said Sam, averting his eyes. “I can’t take much credit though, she is what she is.”
Dan shrugged. “Modesty doesn’t suit you, friend.” Cassie noticed that Sam seemed to wince every time Dan called him a friend. “Anyway, what are your plans? Assuming all goes well tomorrow, of course?”
Sam looked at him like he was afraid he was about to step into a trap. “What are you referring to?”
“You know. Are you going to make her a witch, immediately, or do you plan to keep her this way for a while? I’ve heard it said it’s better to let them ripen more first— not that I’ve ever raised one myself, but that’s what I’ve heard.”
Sam looked at Cassie with a pleading expression on his face. “I…uh….”
“I’d appreciate it if you wouldn’t talk about me like I’m not here,” Cassie said, glaring at Dan. Sure, she’d planned to play along with demons and their sexist attitudes, but considering what she had considered saying, he was getting off easy.
Dan chuckled, then leaned down to look her in the eye. “Of course, she’s new,” he smirked. “Don’t worry sweetie, you’ll have all that newfangled feminism smacked out of you in no time, and you’ll be happier for it. No happier woman than a witch who’s learned to please her master, you’ll see that I’m right.”
Cassie briefly considered tossing her drink in his face, but then remembered Serenus’ imploring her to make a good impression. Besides, it would be kind of ironic if she made it to court only to run afoul of their anti-violence policy herself.
Fortunately, before she could sputter out something she probably would have regretted afterwards, someone else intervened.
“I know it’s none of my business,” said an English-accented voice, “but I couldn’t help overhearing, and Dan, watch your mouth in front of the young lady. It’s her master’s business if she’s rude to him; to a pathetic quarter-breed like you, she can say whatever she likes.” The voice belonged to a dark-skinned man with a hint of gray at his temples wearing a fitted black suit.
Dan’s face turned red, and he sputtered. “What’s it your business, Cordley? Just because you finally bothered to get your ass to court for once doesn’t mean you have to stick your fingers in everything.”
The man, Cordley, smiled and stood next to Cassie, still keeping a comfortable distance between them. “Ah, but I have no desire to get involved in everything; just to make ignoramuses like you stop sounding like pre-stone age clunkers before you give us all a bad name.”
Dan bristled and looked at Sam. “Are you going to let him talk to me this way?”
Sam shook his drink, not looking at the other demon. “Seems like I just did.”
With a harrumph, Dan took off, no doubt to tell everyone else who would listen how horrendously he’d been treated by Sam and his new “potential.”
Cordley held out his hand to Sam, which Sam took. “Dr. Allan Cordley, I haven’t been to court in five years and fellows like that are why. You’re that Sam fellow everyone has a bee in their bonnet about, correct?”
“Sam Andrews,” said Sam, with something approaching warmth. “And this is Cassie.”
Cordley smiled at her, but instead of making her nervous, for once she felt like he was just being friendly. “Of course, the lady of the hour. I do apologize for Bucknell’s behavior; it’s true we’re a male-dominated society but I assure you, not everyone is quite so big an idiot as to be proud of it.” He extended a hand to her as well, which Cassie gratefully took.
“Cassie Tremblay,” she said with a smile. Look Ser, I’m mingling! Watch me mingle!
Sam looked at Cordley quizzically. “You’re British, if I’m not mistaken?”
“I’ve been called worse,” said Cordley, pausing to take a sip of his amber drink.
“Isn’t Europe part of a separate system? This is my first time at court, so maybe I’m missing something, but I always thought the European court was in London.”
“You’re correct,” said Cordley, “But I’ve been dividing my time between New York and London for nearly a decade now. Technically I’m welcome at either court, although I’d be just as happy to tell them both to buzz off, honestly. I’m only here because some contacts of mine insist that I make an appearance once a decade or so.”
“I know exactly what you mean,” said Sam flatly.
While Sam and Cordley shared stories of the annoyance of demon politics impinging on their lives— which in Cordley’s case included a wife and a successful obstetrics and gynecology practice, and in Sam’s apparently a string of dead-end jobs— Cassie’s eyes wandered the room. She did a double-take when she saw a nervous-looking red-headed boy standing next to a tall man in jeans and a windbreaker; she knew she hadn’t seen the boy before, but something about him seemed to command her attention. She had assumed he was the tall man’s son, but something clicked in her mind when she got a good look at the man’s face and realized the two looked nothing alike.
Oh my God, she thought as she left Sam’s side, briefly pleased that she was so much shorter than him; he didn’t seem to notice her absence as he chatted with Cordley. The man in the windbreaker was also engaged in conversation, so Cassie hoped he wouldn’t notice if someone talked to his familiar for thirty seconds behind his back. She approached the boy and tapped his shoulder. He jumped, turning around quickly to fix her with frightened brown eyes that reminded her of Jay’s.
“Ethan?” she asked tentatively, and when his eyes widened, she knew she was right. “I’m Cassie,” she said softly. “I read your post on the forum. Do your parents know where you are?”
“No,” the boy whispered, and trying to hold back the tears that she could see welling up in his large eyes. “Pascal says I can’t see them anymore.”
Thinking fast, she took one of the monogrammed pens out of her check-in bag and pulled an old fast food receipt out of her jeans’ pocket. Using one of the cocktail tables for support, she quickly wrote down her email address on the back of the receipt and pressed it into his small hand. “I’m going to try to help you. Email me when you can,” she said, and fixed a chipper smile on her face to camouflage the seriousness of what they had been talking about to any onlookers.
With that, she left him and headed back to Sam and Cordley, hoping that Ethan would be able to read her handwriting and she’d receive an e-mail from him. Pascal, the boy’s master, had never turned around the whole time she’d been with him. She didn’t know what, if anything, she could do to relieve him of his familiar, but she was going to look into it as soon as she could. Stealing 11-year-old boys from their parents to use as magical fodder wasn’t something she could just sit by and ignore.
When she got back to the corner of the ballroom where she’d left him, Sam was glaring at her. “Don’t run off like that again,” he said.
Cordley grinned impishly. “I beg your pardon Sam, but do you really think someone’s going to try to snatch your familiar at court check-in? Now, that would take some serious chutzpah!”
Sam looked slightly embarrassed. “Maybe not, but she isn’t just any familiar.”
“Can’t argue with that,” responded Cordley, draining his glass quickly. Sam turned back to Cassie.
“Where were you just now? Did you suddenly need a cocktail frank that desperately?”
Cassie colored at the thought that he might be making a crack about her weight, but before she could come up with a response, Serenus joined the three of them.
“Sorry about that, duty calls and all. Dr. Cordley, long time no see; always a pleasure,” he said, taking the doctor’s offered hand.
Cordley shook the older man’s hand and nodded his head. “Likewise, Examiner.”
Pleased that Serenus’ arrival had derailed Sam’s questions, Cassie decided to continue to lead the conversation away from herself. “What does that mean, anyway? I’ve heard several people call you ‘Examiner’ now.”
Serenus cleared his throat before he answered, and Cassie realized this was one of those subjects that the man simply loved talking about. “I am the court-appointed lead spell examiner for this hemisphere. Wherever a spell is cast, if there’s any sign of foul play, they call me in. It’s my task to discern what spell was cast, by whom, and for what reasons.”
Cordley, who had grabbed some hors d’oeuvres off a tray while Serenus was talking, smiled at Cassie. “It’s really quite amazing. There are other Examiners, but no one has a nose for magic quite like Dr. Zeitbloom. Can’t you identify a spell up to a year after the original casting?” he said, biting down on a miniature spinach pie.
“Ahem, actually it’s more like five years,” said Serenus, taking a sip of his drink in an attempt to hide his self-satisfied grin. Sam smirked and rolled his eyes at him, which made Cassie start laughing before she caught herself.
Cordley swallowed his morsel. “Amazing. Anyway, so glad I got to meet you two, but I should be off. Best of luck tomorrow.”
“Thanks,” said Sam and Cassie in unison as Cordley began to make his way out of the ballroom. Cassie turned to Ser. “A nice demon; who’d a thunk it?”
“I’m nice,” said Sam quietly over the rim of his drink; Cassie deigned not to even dignify that with a response.
“Yes, Cordley’s always been a class act. Glad you ran into him. However, the night is still young—"
“It is?” asked Cassie. She felt tired.
“The night is still young, and I have several people I’d like for you both to meet. Now, who’s excited?”
Sam and Cassie exchanged pained glances, knowing that for once they were in total agreement about something.
***

No one Serenus pulled aside impressed Cassie as much as Cordley had, but no one was anywhere near as rude as Dan Bucknell had been either. For the most part, the demons Serenus introduced stuck to basic pleasantries and, beyond wishing them both luck tomorrow, didn’t delve into any of the particulars of Sam and Cassie’s situation. Cassie wasn’t sure if they were scared of broaching the subject exactly, but they were definitely wary.
The only one who made much of an impression was the tall witch in the blue dress, who had a dazzling smile for Sam but looked at Cassie like she was a smear of dirt on the floor. She didn’t say anything outright nasty, but her tone was so contemptuous that Cassie felt sick to her stomach.
Serenus must have noticed her turning green, because he moved to wrap up their social session. “ Andrea, it’s been a pleasure, but it’s been a very long day and I know Cassie’s tired. Big day tomorrow, you understand.”
“Oh, of course,” said the witch, tossing her dark blonde hair out of her eyes and flashing Sam another 1,000-watt smile. “Sweet dreams, Sammael.”
As Serenus led them out of the ballroom, Cassie shuddered. “That woman…she hates me,” she whispered.
Serenus nodded. “Probably. Imagine you’re a celebrated witch, used to getting all the attention, and then you find out that some 16-year-old girl might blow you out of the water. That’s a bitter pill to swallow.”
“She liked Sam though,” she said, looking at him over her shoulder. “She was flirting with you.”
“Shut up,” he said sharply, averting his eyes. Cassie made a mental note that Sam was not a big fan of the sultry witch; either that, or he just found the very idea of anyone flirting with him insulting. With him, it was hard to tell.
When they got back to the suite, Khalil was still in the hot tub, empty trays that had once held food surrounding him. One tray, still with a few pieces of cake on it, floated aimlessly in the small pool of water outside the tub Khalil had made with his cannonball. He was riveted to the flat-screen TV, playing some movie that featured a lot of cars chasing each other, jumping over bridges and then exploding.
“Hey, how was demon bingo?” he called over his shoulder at their entrance.
“Only slightly insufferable. Everyone else go to bed?” Sam asked, ascending the central platform and collapsing once again on a leather couch, rubbing his eyes. Cassie thought he looked as tired as she’d ever seen him.
Khalil yawned. “They went to their rooms, although they could be watching skin flicks. Hey, I wasn’t supposed to stop them, was I?”
“Good night, all,” said Serenus, loosening his tie. “Get some sleep, I’m sure I don’t need to tell you how important tomorrow is.”
“Night, Ser,” Cassie said as Serenus headed down the hall toward the bedrooms. She followed Sam up to the platform and sank into the couch across from him, causing Sam to raise an eyebrow.
“Hey, Sam?” Khalil called from the hot tub. “We cool.”
Sam turned his attention from Cassie to Khalil. “Excuse me?”
“All that stuff I said, about not trusting you after you abandoned us and stuff? We’re okay now, I forgive you.”
“Oh. So pleased to hear that,” said Sam dryly, and Cassie had to crack a smile.
“Just don’t steal my soul or anything freaky like that, and you and I have no problems.”
Sam stared. “We’ve been over this: What would anyone want with your soul?”
“I dunno, am I a demon? Aren’t you guys always after souls?”
“That’s the devil,” said Cassie.
“Oh. Hey Sam, are you the devil? Because then, we might not be cool anymore, is what I’m saying. That could be a deal-breaker.”
“No, I am not the devil,” Sam said with a sigh. “And go to sleep; something tells me my familiar would like my undivided attention.”
 


Chapter Sixteen
Khalil mumbled something about being there first, but he got out of the hot tub and went to his room when Sam insisted. Even though the entourage thing was just for show, Cassie wondered if they were all beginning to defer to Sam without even realizing they were doing it.
She crossed her arms and legs, trying to keep her face blank as she spoke to him. “What is your problem with me, exactly?”
Sam threw his head back and sighed. “Do we have to do this now?”
“We do, because tomorrow, you have to try to convince a bunch of demons that you want me to stay with you, and I’m not so sure you really do.”
He looked at her again, eyes narrowed. “Just because you annoy me that doesn’t mean I’m going to let them take you away from your home and your family.”
Aha. “Why do I annoy you?”
Sam shrugged, picking a white chocolate bon bon off of one of the overflowing trays on the coffee table. “I don’t see how it matters.”
“It matters to me.”
Sam popped the chocolate in his mouth, chewing while he thought. “You’re careless,” he said after a pause. “You don’t give anything your full attention, and you get away with it. You’re opinionated, though you have no experience to back up your opinions. You’re…” he shrugged. “You’re a teenaged girl, and most teenaged girls annoy me. I’m easily annoyed.”
“Is that really all it is?” she asked, uncrossing her legs and leaning forward, elbows on her knees. “You don’t like me because you think I’m careless?”
“You are,” he said firmly, leaning forward to mirror her. “First I thought you were just sloppy at work, and now…you’re leaking magic all over the place. But what’s a little stray white magic going to do? Make the flowers grow faster? Make headaches go away?” He took a deep breath. “If I did what you’re doing now, I’d hurt people.”
Cassie ran her tongue over her teeth as the gears started to work in her mind. “You’re jealous.”
He shrugged. “Maybe. You have no idea what it’s like, having to fight for control all the time.”
At that, Cassie laughed; first a little chuckle, then peals of nigh-hysterical laughter. Sam looked mystified? “What?”
“It’s just, oh my God,” she said when she got her breathing under control again. “It’s so hard to be you, Sam! It must be so terrible to be really powerful, my heart just bleeds for you. It’s so much better to be me, watching demons fight over you like a chew toy while you can’t do a thing about it.”
He looked for a moment like he was about to lash out at her, then caught himself and sank back into the couch. “As usual, you have no idea what you’re talking about.”
“Besides, it’s not like it’s even my fault I’m leaking magic. You started it, when you tapped into me, remember? How can I control it? I just found out all this stuff really exists a few weeks ago: the hell is your excuse?”
At that, he did get to his feet, and she leaned back in her chair automatically. She didn’t really think he would hurt her, but she knew it was stupid to goad him and yet here she was, doing it. She didn’t even know why, but somehow the urge was irresistible.
He seemed to think the better of whatever he was going to do and sat back down, slowly. “See, this is another thing I don’t like about you. You know control is an issue for me, so you mock me. Because you can.”
Cassie felt her cheeks start to redden. “I am not mocking you.”
“Yes, you are, because belittling me calls attention to how little substance you have,” he said. He leaned back in his chair, mimicking a nonchalance that she was sure he didn’t really feel. “Who are you, Cassandra Tremblay? What are your hobbies? To what do you aspire?”
Cassie sat back, confused. “Uh, what? What’s that supposed to mean?”
Sam shrugged. “Your friends, they’re young but I know who they are. Mike is all about programming, and Jay loves his games. But who are you? A girl who wants everyone to know that she makes her own choices, although as far as I can tell, you never make any. What are your hopes, dreams, ambitions? Have you ever even thought about it?”
Cassie’s jaw dropped. “Of course I have! What kind of a question—"
He jumped to his feet, so quickly it startled her. “Oh, really? Who do you admire? What do you want to be when you grow up?”
Cassie just looked up at him, not sure how to answer. So she didn’t have a definitive plan mapped out for her life yet…did that make her a bad person? Was being indecisive the same as lacking substance?
He grinned at her, that sneering grin that showed more contempt than a glare. “Let’s face it, it was unfortunate I had to make you a familiar, but if you weren’t my familiar, you’d be nothing. You’re an average girl who thinks you should be treated like a princess just for being average, and I’m sick of it.”
Several emotions vied for Cassie’s attention: rage, betrayal, and a sickening rush of fear in her belly. Fear that maybe he was right, and as much as she lamented being fought over by demons, she was secretly glad of it: because without her magic, she was ordinary. Worse than ordinary, because she liked to think that she was something more.
“So that’s what you think of me,” she said, unable to keep the waver out of her voice. She didn’t want him to see her cry, but when the tears flowed freely, she didn’t even bother to hide her face; it seemed pointless. He had won again.
Through her wet lashes, she saw Sam take an awkward step forward, like he knew he should do something about the crying girl in front of him but had no idea what. She blinked, feeling hot tears drop onto her velvet blouse, and when she opened her eyes, he was kneeling in front of her.
“I’m sorry,” he said softly, moving as though he were going to take her hands in his, then thought better of it. He returned his hands to his sides awkwardly. “That was…harsh. You made me angry, and I snapped. But Cassie, please don’t ask questions if you don’t want to hear the answer.”
Cassie nodded. Though slightly mollified by his apology, she noted that he didn’t take back anything he had said. He really did think she was an average girl who lacked drive and personality.
“I think we’ve talked enough for tonight,” he continued, meeting her eyes. “Remember, we don’t have to be the best of friends tomorrow. But we do have to present a united front in court. Do you think you can do that?”
She nodded almost imperceptibly.
“Good; I’m going to sleep. I suggest you do the same.” He got up off his knees and turned to leave the platform.
“Wait,” Cassie she said, wiping her eyes with the back of her sleeve. There had been something else she’d been trying to ask him for a while. He turned to her, looking wary.
“Well?”
Cassie bit her lip before she responded. “How do I become a witch? That gross guy downstairs said you had to “make” me into one.”
Sam dropped his eyes, and if Cassie didn’t know better, she would say he looked nervous all of a sudden. “There’s a process for it.”
“What is it though? Do you have to cast a spell on me or something?”
A smile began to play on the corners of his mouth. “Not exactly.”
Cassie spread her arms, annoyed. “Then what? Just spell it out!”
Sam looked up and met her eyes, his face flickering briefly with an emotion she couldn’t read before it settled into his usual calm. “I fill you with demonic essence, and like any other invader, your body has to adapt to neutralize it. With a bacterial infection your immune system creates antibodies, but in this case, your body chemistry changes. Changes to something between a human and a demon.”
At first, Cassie looked at him like he was speaking a foreign language, then she started to sweat as her body processed his meaning before her mind caught up. It all added up; his nervousness at the question, his reticence to tell them what “demonic essence” was when he was crafting the amulets, Dan Bucknell’s comments…
She covered her mouth with her hands and turned away from him. “Oh my God, you don’t mean…tell me it’s not like that. Tell me it’s not what I’m thinking.”
He smiled a sad little smile. “As I’ve already told you several times, I don’t know what you’re thinking.”
She began to pace, holding her stomach at a sudden twinge that she wasn’t sure was from pain. “Eww. Just ewww. Is there any other way to do it? Please tell me there’s another way.”
She looked up at him to see an expression she didn’t recognize on his face. Was he…hurt? “I didn’t realize the idea was so repulsive to you,” he said softly.
“Of course it is! I don’t even know if I’m ready for normal sex yet, now you’re telling me I have to do it with a demon? Ick. Maybe being a witch isn’t worth it—"
She gasped at the ugly noise of shattering ceramic. Sam had spun, picked up one of the platters on the table, and thrown it across the room with an intensity that frightened her. Now, there was a dripping dark splat on one of the cream colored walls, where the chocolate had been pulverized by the force of his throw.
She jumped back from him, shocked at the strength of his reaction. One minute, he was berating her for being average, boring and beneath his notice, and the next he was overcome with rage that she didn’t want to sleep with him? Were men all this contradictory, or was it just him?
Sam closed his eyes and took a few deep breaths, composing himself before he gave in to the anger and broke something else. Like her.
“Do me a favor, okay?” he said as he turned away. “Don’t ask me anymore why I don’t like you.”
 


Chapter Seventeen
Cassie slept fitfully, tossing and turning into the wee hours of the morning. The king sized bed and high thread-count sheets were incredibly comfortable, but somehow it didn’t seem to help her relax. When the light of dawn became visible beneath the curtains, she woke from her dreamless half-sleep to hear the sounds of men talking. Vaguely, she remembered that the guys had decided to do some sightseeing in the city, and through the door, she heard something about Dwight telling Khalil to put down his steak and eggs and get going.
Cassie would have liked to have gone with them, but she couldn’t afford to gamble that something would happen outside that would detain her; if a bomb threat or subway breakdown caused her to be late for her hearing, she was out of luck. At least she could sleep in, in theory, but satisfying rest remained elusive.
Eventually, she gave up on being well-rested and got out of bed. On her cell phone, she had 14 missed calls and four voicemails, presumably all from her parents. Suppressing a pang of guilt, she put on one of the complimentary terry cloth robes over her t-shirt and sweat pants, she went out to the main room.
Sam and Serenus were at the dining room table, their discussion falling silent at her approach. Sam picked up a newspaper and his coffee mug and vacated the table when she sat down.
When the door to the master bedroom slammed, Serenus gave her a weary, if somewhat amused look. “You know, it would make my job easier if you wouldn’t insist on stomping on his pride every chance you get.”
Cassie poured herself some coffee from the gilded carafe on the table, not meeting his eyes. “You have a job? This is news,” she snarked. It wasn’t the brightest comeback, but she had no idea what to say. Had she “stomped” on Sam’s pride? No more than he’d stomped on hers by calling her “nothing” without her magic. As far as she could tell, he’d been far crueler to her than she had been to him.
She looked up at the spot on the wall where Sam had pulverized the tray of chocolates, which had somehow been completely cleaned in the interim. The cleaning staff here certainly didn’t let the grass grow under their feet.
Before Serenus could respond, Jay ran into the room, clumsily stretching into his brown suit jacket. “Did it start yet? Can I go?”
“Wear your badge!” Sam bellowed from behind the bedroom door.
Cassie turned to Jay over her coffee. “You didn’t go with them on the sightseeing tour?”
Jay gave her a look like she was insane. “And miss demon court? Something hardly anyone ever gets to see? I don’t freakin’ think so!”
Serenus walked over to Jay, adjusted his lapels and slapped the gaudy yellow badge on his chest. “Remember, if anyone asks tell them you’re a member of Sammael’s entourage, and they should leave you alone after that. Valencia Ballroom, downstairs by the—"
“I know, thanks!” said Jay, and he was off.
Serenus shook his head in disbelief as he came back to the table. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen someone so excited to witness proceedings at eight o’clock in the morning. Want some breakfast?”
Serenus placed a quick call to the kitchen, and a waiter brought up a tray of eggs and syrup-drenched waffles for Cassie. As she ate, Serenus gave her some information about court. The schedule would primarily be occupied with small territorial disputes and other technical matters for most of the day, and Sam and Cassie’s hearing wasn’t until seven. They were going to sit through most of the day’s proceedings for the sake of appearing interested in demon business (ha!), but there was no immediate rush; showing up for the early morning hearings was something only those who couldn’t avoid it (and Jay) did.
“There are seven demons on the board, but the one that concerns you is Donatello Arrigio; he’s been chairman for almost 30 years, and he’ll probably be doing the bulk of the talking. He’s a bastard— well, they all are, more or less by definition— but fair, if nothing else. The fact that justice is even possible at this point in time can be credited to him, in large part.”
“So what you’re saying is, he’s going to try to do the right thing,” Cassie said around a mouthful of butter and syrup.
“Yes, but keep in mind for him ‘the right thing’ concerns what’s right for our kind, not what’s right for you, personally. He won’t want to see you hurt if there’s no call for it, but remember: to him, you’re still an asset to be exploited more than you are a person. You have to understand that tightrope he’s walking.”
Cassie rolled her eyes. “Yeah, my heart bleeds for the poor guy.”
“Don’t do that.”
Cassie looked over her shoulder briefly to see Sam walk up behind her, then did a double-take; he was dressed for the occasion, looking like a scowling magazine model in a glossy black tuxedo, complete with white gloves. She was at a loss for words for a moment, but fortunately he filled the silence himself.
“Don’t be sarcastic, they’ll take it as a sign of disrespect— which it is, by the way— and hold it against you. Also, don’t lie.”
Cassie nearly choked. “Really? Not about anything?”
“Not about anything,” Serenus repeated. “They may have a witch in attendance who can use magic to detect lies. They don’t always have her present, but often enough to make lying not worth the risk.”
“But what if they ask me if Sam is a good master?”
At that, Serenus threw his head back and laughed, while Sam fumed silently.
***

Cassie never would have imagined that the details of demons trying to screw each other out of power and territory could have been so boring. Sure, there was interesting stuff going on in theory, but like any business, demons had plenty of their own jargon, and Cassie only understood maybe every third word. She thought there were a lot of cases dealing with familiar-napping, but they spoke in such impenetrable code she couldn’t be sure. What did “Unlawful access of a previously recognized wellspring without due diligence to cosigned petitions” mean?
Next to her, Jay was riveted, even as the day wore on into the afternoon. Cassie thought she would have gone crazy if proceedings didn’t break for drinks and snacks once every few hours.
To her surprise, Serenus was sitting at the dais with the board, something he hadn’t mentioned. As far as she could tell, he was a vital part of the proceedings, but didn’t chime in on any of the resolutions. She supposed it made sense that the Examiner would be a non-voting member of the board.
Also surprising was the fact that most of the demons didn’t appear to have red eyes. Sam had dropped his disguise spell, which she knew he didn’t do lightly, so either disguise spells weren’t allowed at court, or were simply considered bad form. That meant that Sam, the chairman (who Cassie assumed was Arrigio) and a few demons here and there were the only ones who had them, since most of the demons in the room had normal eye colors.
People came and went with the cases, but there seemed to always be a few hundred people in the ballroom. By four o’clock, Dwight, Khalil and Mike had returned from their sightseeing, quietly taking seats in the row behind her. Technically, they were there to support Sam as his entourage, but Cassie realized when Khalil and Dwight each put a calming hand on her shoulders that they hadn’t really come for the sightseeing; they’d come to support her. She briefly felt idiotic for not realizing it sooner.
Khalil leaned over and whispered in her ear. “Status report: The Empire State Building? Actually quite tall.”
“You don’t say,” she whispered back.
When proceedings broke for the last time before Cassie’s hearing, she felt her mood instantly shift from boredom to terror. She wanted to run away, go to the ladies room and hibernate for an hour, but knew there was nowhere to go; in five minutes, they were going to be calling Sam’s name, and she would have to sit before the board. Whereas previously there had been empty rows, now the room appeared to be full to capacity as the demons and their entourages drifted back to their seats.
She adjusted the hem of her dress, still not completely comfortable in it. She knew it flattered her, but Sam had barely looked at her when she came out of the bedroom with it, and had only shrugged noncommittally when Serenus had said she looked very pretty. Despite the fact that he was furious with her, or perhaps because of it, she’d been hoping for more of a reaction from him. I’m a very sick person, she thought, holding her third Shirley Temple that day like it was a lifeline.
When the bell rang to indicate that break was over, Cassie swallowed a big chug of her drink that hurt going down. Watching the hundreds of people walk back to their seats from the cocktail area in twos and threes, she felt frozen, rooted to the spot. Khalil, looking more elegant in his black suit than she’d ever seen him, put his hand on her arm gently.
“Chin up, baby girl; you’re up,” he said. Behind him, Dwight nodded.
“You can do this,” said Mike, while Jay just grinned at her. Cassie was torn between affection and wanting to strangle him; he was still too dazzled by the novelty of the situation to have any inkling of what she was going through.
Arrigio tapped his gavel and leaned into his mic; his deep voice would have resonated even without it. “Recess is now over. The chair calls the case of the son of Sammael and his familiar, in accordance with Section 223c of our charter. Sammael, please take your familiar and approach the dais.”
Sam walked over to her and tilted his head in the direction of the dais, his red glare unnerving her even though she knew to expect it. Sharing a nervous grin with the guys, Cassie started to move forward, then stopped suddenly when she felt a warmth at the small of her back. Realizing Sam had put his hand on her, she turned to him with narrowed eyes. “Hey, watch it,” she said. 
To her surprise, Sam looked down at her body with a look that made her stomach flip flop, then slid his arm around her waist, his hand coming to rest low on her hip. With a quick, forceful motion, he pulled her against his side, then began to walk forward, leaving her no choice but to keep pace with him.
“H-hey!” she exclaimed, hating how squeaky her voice sounded in her shock that he had just manhandled her. The feeling of her breast flattened against his side was making her dizzy. “What are you doing?”
He didn’t look down at her again, his face impassive. “If this goes poorly, I may never get to touch you again. Have a little compassion,” he whispered.
Cassie didn’t really hear anything for the next several minutes. She knew that Sam had guided her to the seats up front, right before the dais, and she heard the men seated above her spout some perfunctory sounding lines about a case number and the particulars of master-familiar law, but her mind was reeling. Never before had Sam made it so clear that he was attracted to her. Even last night, when he’d grown angry, it had seemed more like she had insulted his foolish, masculine pride than anything else; she hadn’t really believed he wanted her, specifically.
It’s impossible, she thought, looking up at him; his face remained that same impassive mask. Whatever he was feeling, he had no desire to share it with the panel. Though they were sitting, his hand remained on her hip; even through the thin material of her dress, her flesh seemed to vibrate with an electric charge where he touched her.
Did he act like he hated her guts all the time to camouflage how he really felt, or did he legitimately dislike her, but felt the attraction regardless? Or maybe it was a side effect of their magical bond? She had no way of knowing.
Sam pinched her gently, and she realized that the red-eyed demon, Arrigio, had been asking her a question. She cleared her throat, hoping her face wasn’t as flushed as she felt.
“I’m sorry, could you please repeat that?” she said, and a snicker went through the audience behind her. She bit her lip; she was afraid to look at Serenus for fear that he was banging his head on the dais at her stupidity.
Arrigio gave her a withering look, which she had to admit she probably deserved. The demon, bald except for some gray whiskers at his temples, had a face that seemed to be made for expressing scorn: deeply crevassed with a long, crooked nose and beady little eyes. “This is your master’s hearing, miss; please try to pay attention.”
“I will; I’m sorry.”
“Is it true that on October 4th, you engaged in a power transfer with the demon sitting next to you, leading to a time freeze of 17 minutes, 34 seconds?”
Cassie blinked; actually, that wasn’t quite true. “No…uh, no sir.”
A murmur ran through the audience at her words; apparently, her denial was unexpected.
The demon looked surprised for a second, then resumed his contemptuous glaring. “Are you saying a power transfer did not occur?”
“No. I mean, yes, it did happen, but not like that.”
Arrigio slammed his hand on the dais, making Cassie jump in her seat. “Explain yourself, girl,” he said quietly into his microphone. Somehow, his stage whisper was more threatening than yelling would have been. Cassie cleared her throat.
“Um, Sam didn’t tap into me until time was already frozen. He needed me to stop a building from collapsing after the earthquake, not to stop time.”
The low murmuring of the hundreds sitting behind Cassie increased in volume, and Cassie thought she determined a hint of panic. From the sound of it, this wasn’t going at all like the audience had expected.
Arrigio sucked in his breath, and turned to Sam. “Sammael, is what your servant says true? Did you stop time in that radius without the help of a familiar?”
“It’s true,” said Sam. Cassie felt his hand tighten around her waist, and tried to fight the ensuing feeling of lightheadedness; she couldn’t afford to be distracted anymore. Some rational part of her, buried deep beneath layers of heat and sensation, registered that while his touch was addling her brain, he was probably touching her to help calm his own nerves.
Arrigio turned to Serenus on the other end of the dais, a look on his face like he’d just swallowed a lemon. “Examiner, you knew of this?”
Serenus shrugged. “I knew the chronology of that day’s events; no one asked me for it.”
Some nervous laughter broke out behind Cassie and Sam; it was obvious from Serenus’ tone that he’d seen this coming.
“You knew we would assume that the familiar had been tapped to provide the power to freeze time, and you said nothing?” Arrigio continued.
“My job is to offer facts when asked, not to correct whatever assumptions you may have,” said Serenus pleasantly. The nervous laughter from the audience cut off at the enraged look on Arrigio’s face.
Cassie looked at Serenus, looking as relaxed up on the dais as if he were in front of the TV watching football, not that she could imagine him doing such a thing. She was certain he had some kind of plan that Arrigio had played right into, but she had no idea what it was, nor why he wouldn’t have simply told them about it.
Arrigio covered the microphone with his hand and muttered to the Asian man sitting next to him, who nodded in response. As they spoke, Cassie turned to Sam.
“What’s going on? Serenus is up to something.”
“I don’t know, but I think this stopped being just about you,” he said quietly, barely moving his lips.
Finished with his private conversation, Arrigio addressed the room once again. “It seems like we were ill-prepared going into this hearing. I was expecting to deal with the assignment of a new familiar, but it appears we also have to deal with the issue of a full-blooded demon among us.”
Sam’s fingers, which had been stroking her hip ever so slightly, came to a sudden stop. “I am not full-blooded,” he responded after a pause. “My mother is human, just like the rest of us.”
“The interesting question of your mother aside,” said Arrigio, giving Serenus a sidelong glance that Cassie was sure was significant, “Performing a spell of that caliber without having to tap into a familiar is an indication that you fall into a different category than other half-demons— making legal precedent virtually worthless,” he grumbled.
Cassie sat back, her mind racing. As far as she could tell, whatever their typical procedure with assigning familiars was, it didn’t apply to Sam because he was considered a full demon, not a half. From Serenus’ grin, she guessed he’d been counting on that fact.
“He shouldn’t be allowed to walk free,” said a sandy-haired demon with thick glasses on Arrigio’s other side. “We should drop the question of his familiar and arrange proper custody for him, tonight.” Serenus’ smile wavered.
Arrigio held up a hand to stop his colleague. “Graellen, one problem at a time. We’re here to deal with the familiar, and so we shall; A separate hearing can be arranged with how to deal with Sammael, if need be. Examiner, I believe you wished to address the court about this case?”
She felt Sam relax next to her; she didn’t think he’d taken a breath since they’d referred to him as a full-blooded demon.
Serenus stood and cleared his throat. “Gentlemen, despite whatever misgivings you may have about what you’ve learned today, your choice in this matter is clear. Section 223c of our charter states that a familiar with potential that exceeds normal levels, and I think we can all agree that’s the case here, must be reassigned to a master who can properly train her, if her original master is incapable.”
“We’ve all read the charter, Serenus,” said the one called Graellen snidely.
“However, do you know the intent of that subsection? To keep a young witch from overpowering her master, of course. A weak half-demon, and it pains me to say that many of us are, has no business guiding a witch. How could he teach her to control great power if he’s a stranger to it himself?”
“But in this case, chance has provided Cassandra— the most promising potential witch we’ve seen in years, if not decades— with the finest master available. To create the strongest witch, shouldn’t the strongest of our kind be the one to train her?”
There was a murmuring in the audience as everyone discussed the Examiner’s point. Cassie thought that she now understood what Serenus had been trying to accomplish: if the intent of the law was to keep powerful witches away from weak masters, the panel was going to look like idiots if they tried to reassign her from Sam mere minutes after the reveal that he was a full demon, in power if not ancestry.
Arrigio pounded his gavel to quiet the whispers. “We will have silence. A compelling argument Examiner, except you err in one respect; that was not the sole intent of that clause. In addition to ensuring that a promising familiar be placed with a master strong enough to train her as a witch, it was also to ensure her safety. Even a powerful witch is no good to anyone if her master kills her before she can be of use.”
Cassie swallowed, and Sam’s hand tightened around her waist. This was bad; Sam himself admitted that he didn’t have enough control over his powers. Whether they were genuinely concerned for her safety, or just looking for an excuse to reassign her to one of their trusted pawns, it was a legitimate reason to take her away from him.
“Son of Sammael, do you believe your familiar is safe with you? Remember the consequences of lying to this court,” said the Asian demon.
Sam grimaced. “With all due respect, sir, I don’t believe she’s safe with any of us.”
“Answer the question,” Graellen snapped.
Sam removed his hand from her; she was surprised to find that as much as she’d found it distracting, once he stopped touching her she immediately missed it. “No,” he said quietly, “she’s not safe with me.”
Another murmur went through the audience, and Arrigio slammed his gavel again. “Silence. Why isn’t she safe with you?”
Sam gritted his teeth, and looked down; Cassie was sure that there was nothing on earth he wouldn’t prefer to having to answer the chairman’s question right now.
“Because she can make me angry; because I don’t think straight when she’s around. Because I don’t know what I’m capable of just by myself, let alone with a familiar or a witch. Because I don’t know what she’s capable of. There are so many reasons; I’ve just been hoping I can get everything under control, fast enough, that she won’t have to spend her life paying for my mistake. That she won’t have to abandon life as she knows it because of my weakness,” he finished quietly.
Graellen snorted. “And how can we leave her with him after such testimony? He himself admits he’s not up to the task,” he said, gesturing to the rest of the panel.
“Force any one of us to tell the painful truth, gentleman, and you know we would share many of the same concerns,” said Serenus, his face devoid of emotion. “Is anyone here immune from the emotional highs and lows that would come with raising a strong witch? Anyone who knows the full extent of their capabilities and keeps perfect control at all times? Of course not. If Sam isn’t fit to raise her, then no one here is.”
“Actually, you’re wrong,” said the Asian man. Cassie fervently wished someone would call him by name already so she’d know who he was. “Nathaniel Lewis, please approach the dais.”
 


Chapter Eighteen
Cassie could tell by the look on Serenus’ face that he hadn’t expected the other man to be called to the front, and the prospect of Serenus being surprised made her pulse quicken. Cassie didn’t realize how much she’d counted on the professor knowing everything until it became obvious that he didn’t.
She heard the sound of someone getting up from a chair a few rows behind her and turned to look. Her breath caught in her throat as she laid eyes on quite possibly the most handsome man she’d ever seen.
Nathaniel Lewis was well over six feet tall, with a build somewhere between a swimmer and a gymnast. His eyes were a shocking blue-green color, especially vibrant against his lightly tanned skin. Looking perfectly coiffed in a tailored, pin-striped three-piece suit, his mane of light brown hair slicked back with a careless-looking flair that had to be deliberate, he smiled at her with impossibly white teeth as he made his way to the front of the room. Cassie felt her stomach doing flip flops, something that only intensified when Sam put his hand around her waist again.
She turned to Sam to gauge his reaction; he was looking at Nathaniel like he wanted to kill him, but then again that was so close to his normal expression, it was hard to be sure.
Nathaniel stood before the dais about twenty feet away from Cassie and Sam with his hands clasped loosely behind his back, looking as relaxed as though he were standing by the pool. In profile, the ambient light in the room emphasized his sharp cheekbones, and his perfectly formed nose, and the clean, formidable line of his jaw.
Cassie leaned close to Sam. “Does he really look like that, or is that magic?” Not that she didn’t have more important things to worry about, but at the moment, there was nothing she could do but talk to Sam anyway.
“No disguise spells are allowed at court,” Sam said, narrowing his red eyes as he looked at the other demon. Cassie noticed they seemed to be giving off more light than they had before; she was beginning to get the impression that his eyes glowed more when he felt threatened. Territorial.
“Nathaniel Lewis, is it true that you’ve trained five witches within the last ten years?”
Nathaniel chuckled; as Cassie would have suspected, he had a deep, melodious voice. “I’m afraid your records aren’t up to date; it’s been seven. Although I had my doubts about Melissa,” he said, to scattered laughter from the audience.
Cassie looked at him, squinting: something was bothering her. She knew she’d never seen this man before— certainly, she would have remembered a man who looked like that— but ever since his name was called, she’d felt a vague sense of dread. Like she should know who he was, and every second she couldn’t remember was wasted time.
Graellen took up the questioning. “And has a witch in your care ever been seriously hurt?”
“No, sir,” said Nathaniel, crisply. “One girl broke a leg, but that was actually from a skiing accident in the Alps; none of my witches have ever been seriously injured, and never suffered any injury from magic.” Some of the members of the board nodded as Nathaniel talked, smiling.
Cassie felt her stomach drop, and this time not at the sight of Nathaniel’s masculine body: this was their plan. They had a hand-picked witch-trainer, safe and loyal to the court, and they were going to make it as clear as possible that she was much safer with him than with Sam; furthermore, it was probably true.
Looking at him though, would that really be so bad?  She thought, then thanked her lucky stars for the thousandth time that Sam couldn’t read her mind. It was a glib thought, though, not an honest one; somehow, despite his looks and seductive voice, her gut instinct was telling her that she wouldn’t be safe with him. How could she be so sure of that?
“Please explain your method of training witches to the court,” said Arrigio, and Nathaniel smiled before answering. The light glinted off his teeth when she did and she noticed that, while he didn’t have fangs, his incisors did seem to be unusually sharp….
She stiffened as the memory of the two vampires in the shop came back to her: I don’t care if she tastes like nectar and ambrosia, it’s not worth pissing Nathan off....
Sam had felt her stiffen at the realization, and leaned in close. “What is it?” he whispered in her ear. Out of the corner of her eye, Cassie saw members of the court turn their attention away from Nathaniel (or Nathan) to look at her, and realized that it might not even be safe to whisper what she was about to say. Sam followed her eyes and presumably came to the same conclusion.
Cassie closed her eyes and took a deep breath; dimly, she could hear Nathaniel prattling on in his beautiful voice, something about benchmarking and Universal Casting Standards. Sam could read her emotions, and he had been able to speak directly into her mind when he had called her to his side; obviously, they had some kind of strong mental connection. Just because he insisted he couldn’t read her mind, that didn’t mean he wouldn’t hear something that she actually wanted him to hear, did it? At worst, if she tried to communicate with him by mind and failed, her emotions would at least give him a clue.
She locked eyes with him and began doing the mental equivalent of yelling, trying to push out her own thoughts at the maximum volume possible.  HE’S THE ONE WHO SENT THE VAMPIRES AFTER ME WHEN YOU WERE GONE! HE’S BEEN AFTER ME ALL THIS TIME.
Sam’s eyes widened, and he looked at Nathaniel again with a new intensity. Cassie leaned back, exhausted; she wouldn’t have thought thinking out loud would be so tiring, but suddenly she felt like she’d just jogged several miles. Sam had obviously gotten the message, but would it do any good?
Suddenly, she felt a hand caressing her; it took a moment for her to realize she was feeling the calming sensation in her mind, not on her skin. I see; I’ll take care of this, said the voice she almost recognized as Sam’s.
She exhaled; he was going to try something. She didn’t know what he could do at this point, but if Nathaniel was the kind of man who sent around vampires to do his bidding, she wanted nothing to do with him; she’d take her chances with her current master, thank you very much.
And next time? Inside voice, please.
Nathaniel trailed off his testimony at the sound of Cassie’s nigh-hysterical laughter; she couldn’t help it. She was so stressed out, Sam’s mild joke about her yelling in his head pushed her into a fit of mirth, and she didn’t even have the energy to be embarrassed anymore.
Arrigio fixed her with one of his disapproving glares, while Nathaniel just looked bewildered, craning his neck to look at her from his place in front of the dais.
“Once again, this is your master’s hearing, miss; I won’t ask you to maintain proper decorum again,” he said. “One more peep out of you, you can stand out in the hall like a child, do you understand?”
Before Cassie could decide how to respond to that, Sam held up a hand and replied for her. “I beg forgiveness for my familiar, chairman; though in fairness to her, if she couldn’t contain her laughter at the thought that this presumptuous half-demon was fit to train her, I can’t hold it against her; I find the idea laughable myself.”
Cassie struggled to keep her face impassive as the members of the court visibly bristled at Sam’s words, while Nathaniel’s mouth dropped open. She flicked her eyes to Sam and then back again; what was he trying to do? Insult them all into submission?
“Excuse me?” said Nathaniel through gritted teeth, turning his body to face Sam. “Is there something you’d like to say, Sammael?” He pronounced Sam’s name like it was a vile curse. For all Cassie knew, maybe it was.
“Yes, thank you,” said Sam. Cassie expected him to stand to address the court, but to her surprise, he reclined further into his chair. “I’ve no doubt Mr. Lewis here has successfully trained several witches, but what kind of spells could these witches cast when he was finished with them? Weak protection circles? Herbal charms? No wonder he’s had such consistent results; it’s easy to rack up a successful record when you’re training garden witches. Low risk, low reward.”
At his words, the audience behind Cassie exploded into outraged whispers. As little as Cassie knew about the culture of witches and demons, she was pretty sure that what Sam had done was the verbal equivalent of walking up to Nathaniel and kicking him in the groin.
The gorgeous man sputtered, outrage clearly visible in his large turquoise eyes. “And this, coming from someone who’s never trained even one witch successfully? I assure you,“ he said, turning his attention back to the court, “my witches are among the best-trained in the world. They can craft iron-clad defenses for their masters, they can perform upper-tier spellcraft, they can heal—"
“By which you mean, they can cure the sniffles and mend broken arms,” Sam said derisively. “Have you trained a witch to cure life-threatening diseases, heal a body broken beyond mortal repair, and extend lives by dozens of years? You know, the things we actually need witches for?”
The murmuring of the crowd intensified, only this time, Arrigio didn’t bother quieting it with his gavel; he had an expression on his face Cassie couldn’t read. Graellen, however, was red in the face.
“Chairman, I won’t sit here and listen to him insult our witches. You should hold him in contempt—"
“No, it’s true,” said Arrigio quietly. “Sammael raises a valid point, however impetuously. The witches today are nowhere near as powerful as the white witches of yore, and everyone knows it; it’s the elephant in the room. The kind of training Lewis provides, however proficient, may not be what this Cassandra will require.”
“Chairman, I—" began Nathaniel.
“If he has no experience training a true white witch— the one we are all hoping Cassandra will become— does his experience teaching weak witches justify ripping the girl away from her current master, changing her life irrevocably?”
Cassie began to hope that things were going her way; not only was she seeing some of the honor Serenus had characterized Arrigio with, finally, but she was beginning to understand why the demons were making such a fuss about her. It wasn’t all about a bunch of greedy men hungering for power; if a properly trained witch could cure disease, things beyond what modern medicine could accomplish, then that ability was truly worth fighting for. She wasn’t sure if half-demons suffered from human diseases, but surely they had friends, lovers— maybe even children— who did.
Nathaniel shook his head. “Chairman, obviously Cassandra’s potential is a source of concern— that’s why we’re all here,” he said, indicating the audience. “But to conclude that all of my experience isn’t worth more than that of a demon with none, simply because the nature of the charge is different? That’s insanity!”
There was a pause. “So I’m insane now, Mr. Lewis?” said Arrigio.
Cassie had to stop herself from whistling. Hoo-boy, Mr. Handsome had dug himself a hole now. She felt almost giddy.
Nathaniel licked his lips nervously. “Of course not, but sir—"
“This is all a waste of time,” said Sam, cutting Nathaniel off; she was amazed how cold he could sound when he wanted to. “The real question is, can this middling half-demon even handle my familiar? If he can’t, then everything else becomes irrelevant.”
The murmuring of the crowd increased; a few people even whistled. Arrigio banged his gavel half-heartedly, but seemed too lost in thought to care about the noise level in the room anymore.
Giving up the pretense of civility, Nathaniel turned in Sam’s direction and practically snarled his words at him. “What are you suggesting? That I tap into her right here, at court?!” he spat, his tone implying that such a thing would be more scandalous than urinating on the floor.
“I think that would be an excellent idea,” said the Asian man. Who the hell are you? Cassie wondered once again. “I know it’s usually not done, but these are unusual circumstances. If Mr. Lewis cannot handle the flow of magic from her, it will be immediately obvious. Then, the court will have little choice but to award custody to the current master, and we can skip unnecessary dialogue and move forward with the agenda.” Arrigio nodded in approval.
Graellen turned to the chairman in disbelief. “You’ll allow this?”
“Apparently, I will,” the chairman snapped. “What Mr. Yamanaka says makes perfect sense. Cassandra, are you willing to let Mr. Lewis attempt to tap your magic? It would save a lot of time.”
Cassie raised an eyebrow; after all this time being talked about like a commodity, she was surprised anyone would ask her permission for anything. Apparently Arrigio had some inkling that she should have a say over how her own magic was handled; she was liking him more by the second. 
She turned to Sam, who nodded almost imperceptibly; she didn’t know how this was going to play out, but apparently, he had expected this.
“Okay,” she said, and rose from her seat. Feeling awkward, she closed the distance between her and Nathaniel, trying to focus on his collarbone to avoid making eye contact; she didn’t want to give him any openings.
She snuck a glance up at Serenus on the panel, and guessed from the worried look in his eyes that this wasn’t part of his plan. Whatever Sam was playing at, the older demon hadn’t been a part of it.
Stopping a few feet from him, she shifted in her heels, not sure what to do. Finally giving into the temptation to look at his face, she gulped while he flashed her a brilliant smile; the fact that he showed no sign of his anger from just a moment ago was more disturbing to her than a scowl would have been.
“So, uh, what do we do? I’m still pretty new at this,” she said, provoking soft laughter from the audience. She briefly wondered how the crew from The Daily Grind was finding this whole spectacle.
Nathaniel was still grinning, but Cassie thought his smile looked a bit strained; just maybe, he wasn’t sure how this was going to play out either. “Just take my hand; I’ll do the rest,” he said, extending his arm to her.
When Cassie took his hand, she closed her eyes and tried to concentrate. Using the same senses she had when Sam had asked her to get a read on the demons in the room last night, she hoped that she could get a feel for how powerful he was. If he was weak, maybe tapping into her really would knock him for a loop, and she could go home.
Inhaling, she recognized the dark musty scent that she associated with Sam; not exactly the same, but similar. She realized it was probably the smell of demon magic.
When Nathaniel reached with his mind to tap her well, she gasped; the musky scent overwhelmed her senses and she knew he was strong. Maybe not as strong as Sam, but that wasn’t the point; he was strong enough that she doubted the act of tapping her magic was going to faze him.
As her mind began to reel from the connection, she had to resist the urge to throw a glance over her shoulder at Sam; had he just gambled everything on the hope that Nathaniel would be too weak to handle her? If he had, it was reckless and stupid.
She felt a strange sensation, like all the warmth was leaving her body. It wasn’t exactly painful, but strange. When Sam had tapped her, all that she had felt was pain; she guessed it must be because Sam hadn’t had any time to waste. Nathaniel was testing the waters, not trying to pull out all her magic through the pores of her skin under pressure.
Nathaniel laughed softly, a sound she probably would have found beautiful and sexy if she wasn’t so busy hating his guts at the moment. “Wow,” he said. “I was expecting it to be a rush, but this is…it’s so pure. This must be what magic was like at the dawn of time,” he said, something akin to awe in his voice. “Cassandra, I would be honored to teach you.”
Thanks, but I still hate you. And myself, for trusting that Sam knew what he was doing! If I have to go away with this guy now, who’s going to tease Hunter when he gets his first girlfriend? Hell, whose going to tease JAY when he gets his first girlfriend?
Someone on the dais began to speak, probably pointing out that Nathaniel seemed to be handling the power transfer just fine, but the sudden sound of Sam’s voice in Cassie’s head blocked out every other sound.
Now, this is the part where you knock him on his ass— if you can stop lusting after said ass for two whole seconds, that is. Fickle little thing.
Cassie gasped, and Nathaniel looked alarmed.
“Uh, Cassandra?” he said. “Are you alright? Would you prefer to sit?“
Oh, and by the way? That thing I kept saying about not being able to read your mind? Lying through my teeth. Did you really think I would admit to being able to do that? So much more fun if you don’t know.
Cassie felt her grasp on Nathaniel’s hand tighten into a death grip. Son of a— all this time?
There was a sound like a balloon popping, and before Cassie knew what had happened, Nathaniel was halfway across the room, twin trails of blood running from his nose, marring his perfect face. As he turned over and coughed up a mouthful of phlegm on a seated witch’s platform shoes, Cassie realized that he’d flown twenty feet away from her, as though she’d pushed him with superhuman strength.
She looked down at her hand, still extended; she hadn’t moved a muscle.
On the dais, she heard a rustle as a demon, probably Graellen, got to his feet. “That was a set-up!” he growled. “No way did the familiar do that herself— she’s not even a witch yet. Sammael did it! He’s been planning this all along.”
Cassie turned to Sam, who was still reclining in his chair, sitting cowboy style with his left ankle resting on his right knee. When he caught her eye, he couldn’t suppress a smug smile. Bastard, she thought, even though she was pretty sure that she wasn’t going to have to go home with Nathaniel anymore. 
“It was all her,” he said. “Have the Examiner check me if you don’t want to take my word for it; I haven’t cast a spell in days.”
“Oh, and I’m sure the Examiner will be totally honest with his findings!” the heavyset demon sneered. “This is a farce— Zeitbloom has known this one since childhood! He won’t testify against his friend.”
“Putting aside the ludicrous suggestion that the Examiner, of all people, would lie to this court,” said Arrigio, his voice dangerously calm, “we have more than one Examiner present for obvious conflicts of interest such as this. And sit down,” he said in a tone that brooked no argument. Still grimacing, the larger demon obeyed.
“Garcia, check him,” the chairman said, gesturing to a thin, dark-skinned man standing beside the dais. Nonchalantly, Sam stood while the smaller demon circled him, sniffing and touching his wrists.
“He’s clean, Mr. Chairman,” said Garcia. “Like he says, this one hasn’t cast a spell in days— weeks, even,” he said, shaking his head. “Furthermore, I don’t sense any spells coming from anywhere else in the room; whatever happened was between Mr. Lewis and the familiar.”
“This is ridiculous,” said Nathaniel, struggling to his feet. “I was handling her just fine— you all could see, and then there was a….a spike of some kind. It was an aberration, normally I would never—"
“Enough,” said Arrigio, fixing Nathaniel with a withering glance that made even Cassie wince. “The fact of the matter is, young man, you said you could handle her and yet you couldn’t maintain the connection for 30 seconds. Given that assigning her to you is obviously unfeasible, and no other viable candidates are available, I see no reason to reassign the girl from her current master…who can at least draw from her without embarrassing himself.” At that, the audience laughed openly; Cassie thought she could hear Khalil’s barking laughter from way in the back.
Arrigio looked from side-to-side, making eye contact with each of the demons on the board in turn. “All in favor of voting to keep the familiar in her current position?”
“Aye!” said Yamanaka. Cassie noticed he seemed awfully eager to get this over with.
“Wait!” said Graellen. “This is a landmark case— I move that we recess, go into executive session, and reserve the vote until a later date. There’s still—”
“No,” said Arrigio with more vehemence than Cassie would have expected. Apparently, this case had tried his patience…or was it Graellen who was doing that? “The evidence presented has been compelling, we have nine more cases on the agenda for this evening, and I know that most of the board is willing— dare I say, eager— to move on. Aye, or Nay?”
“Nay,” said Graellen, fixing Sam with a look of pure hatred. The rest of the demons quickly voted Aye; Cassie got the impression they didn’t disagree with the chairman without good reason.
“Aye,” said Arrigio, tapping his gavel softly. “Passed, by a vote of 6-1. We will now take a twenty-minute recess before the next case, in accordance with Section 8-A of the charter.”
 


Chapter Nineteen
When Cassie had told Sam that she needed some air after the vote, he had simply nodded. She was hoping that meant he would be surprised when she sucker-punched him.
They walked out the front door of the hotel, watching the bellhops scramble to accommodate rich patrons exiting their limos in gorgeous clothes. She inhaled greedily; she didn’t know if the night air smelled so good because it had been stuffy in the ballroom, or if it was the knowledge that she was free.
Well, almost free she thought, glancing at Sam.
She walked a few steps toward the parking lot, shivering in the fall air. When she saw Sam move to slip off his suit jacket, she turned and punched as hard as she could in the general direction of his solar plexus, but he moved faster and caught her fist in his hand.
“Dammit!” she said pulling away from him, but he didn’t let go of her. “That was supposed to be for lying about reading my mind.”
“I know, but I saw it coming a mile away. Actually, I thought you were going to aim a little lower….”
Cassie pulled her hand away from him with a determined tug, and turned her back on him. “I thought about it, but that wouldn’t be classy.”
He laughed, and she drew her arms around herself and shivered; the first shiver had been to distract Sam from her upcoming punch, but she was genuinely cold; women’s gowns always seemed to be intended for the summer months only. She shifted in surprise as he gently put his jacket over her shoulders. When she looked at him over her shoulder, he shrugged and looked away, hands in his pockets.
“I wasn’t exactly lying when I said I couldn’t read your mind. I can do it because of the bond, but compared to most other demons, I— well, I suck at it, as you would say. Normally, your master would be able to do it effortlessly, but I have to try to hear you. It’s like trying to listen to a song on the radio in the next room over. Gives me a terrible headache.”
“So you were only 90 percent lying.”
He laughed again, seemingly giddy now that the hearing was over; not that she could blame him. “I guess. The point is, you don’t have to worry about me listening in all the time; it’s a pain. Although, I’m glad I was listening tonight,” he said, turning and meeting her gaze. She sniffed and turned away.
“I wasn’t sure if the fact that Nathaniel sent those vampires made a difference.”
“It did; before you told me that— before I realized his civilized act was just that, an act— I was considering giving up my claim and letting him take you with him.”
Cassie looked at him like he’d grown another head. “Seriously? Are you crazy? The whole point of this was to stop that from happening!”
“I know, but their questions got me thinking,” he said, looking down at his shiny leather shoes, bought at Serenus’ insistence, she had no doubt. “Nothing I said in there was a lie; you’re not safe with me.”
Cassie put her hands in the pockets of his suit jacket, not sure how to respond; she knew he was right. Even if he weren’t a demon, the fact that he tended to lash out physically when he was angry made him dangerous to be around. Add stronger-than-usual demonic powers, and she would be lucky if she lived to see her 17th birthday.
She wondered how much the members of the court really knew about Sam, because she suspected if they knew the truth, they never would have allowed him near her, regardless of everything else. Serenus had probably played a role in convincing Arrigio that Sam was less volatile than he actually was.
The jacket smelled pleasantly of him, that scent of dark magic that might be addictive, but she tried not to make it obvious that she was sniffing his clothes in front of him. Her eyes widened in surprise as she felt a cold metal object in the pocket.
“Oh my God, you have a cellphone? Since when?”
He smiled, that rare smile that made her woozy; she was afraid for a moment that he would read her mind and know the effect it had on her, but she was pretty sure he was too exhausted to do anything of the sort. She could see the fatigue in his face. Whatever lies he’d told her before, she was pretty sure he was telling the truth when he admitted that reading her mind was a chore. “I felt it was time.”
She pulled out the phone and examined the display: no apps, no personalized wallpaper, but it was a start. “Well, well, will wonders never frickin’ cease.”
“There you are!”
Cassie looked up to see Dr. Cordley, his smile lighting up his face. “What a show; I would pay good money to see that smug bastard blasted across the room, and I got that just for showing up this time. Well done, Mr. Andrews,” he said, reaching to shake Sam’s hand. Sam shook hands with him, still looking slightly wary; Cassie was pretty sure he was incapable of trusting anyone, but even with her untrained senses she could tell that Cordley didn’t have enough power to challenge most demons, let alone Sam.
“Thanks,” he replied, “although I didn’t have much to do with it; it was all Cassie.”
Cordley’s eyes lit up in curiosity. “Actually, I was hoping to ask you about that; how did you two manage it? It looked like it was a surprise to you as well,” he said, looking at Cassie.
“Yeah,” said Cassie, putting her hands on her hips. “I’d kind of like to know that too.” She knew that making her angry had been part of Sam’s plan, but she didn’t know how that translated to frying Nathaniel.
Sam kicked at the sidewalk, another thing Cassie was beginning to realize was a nervous habit with him. “I may not have much finesse, but that doesn’t mean I’m blind,” he said. “I noticed that you tend to summon much more of your magic to the surface whenever…certain topics come up. It’s an unconscious thing that you do to protect yourself, so you don’t feel yourself doing it. I figured that amount of energy all at once would be too much for Lewis, and I was right.”
Cassie blinked. “So it really was all me,” she said quietly. Somehow, despite the other Examiner confirming that Sam hadn’t done anything, she hadn’t been quite sure it had been her power that had sent the demon flying across the room.
“Certain topics, eh? Well, I know when something’s none of my business,” said Cordley, rolling his eyes. “You two going back to proceedings? I’m thinking the best of the night is over.”
“I’d like to go to sleep, but we can’t,” said Sam. “I’ve been…advised…that our presence is expected at court until it adjourns.”
Cassie groaned at that; now that she wasn’t overwhelmed with dread, sitting for several more hours wouldn’t be as unpleasant, but she’d still been hoping they could ditch court now that her part of it was over. Naturally, Serenus would advise against that; staying until the end would show their engagement in upstanding demon society. Or whatever.
“That guy, Yamanaka,” she said. “He seemed really eager to get this case over with. He was the one who was pushing Arrigio.”
Cordley nodded. “He’s been the most vocal on the board about securing more and better white witches. He has no children, and the rumor is that he’s hoping for a witch to fix his wife’s infertility while there’s still time, but you didn’t hear that from me.”
Cassie and Sam exchanged tired looks; it was easier to think of the court as petty and evil. Knowing they wanted her magic for good reasons made everything so much more complicated.
Still, if she was going to sit and listen to demons squabble for several more hours, she wasn’t going to do it without a bathroom break. “I need to go to the ladies room,” she said, feeling like a child asking the teacher for permission.
Sam turned toward her. “I’ll go with you.”
“To the ladies room? Um, no?” she said. Wasn’t this the part where she was supposed to be safe for a while?
“I’m not letting you go off alone.”
Cordley laughed again; he had a pleasant laugh, like the sound of a babbling brook. “Honestly Sam, I can understand being protective, but do you really think anyone’s going to try to snatch Cassie now that you’ve been granted official custody? Now that the penalty for doing so is worse than death? I don’t think anyone’s quite got the stones for that.”
Sam knit his brows. “I am being paranoid, aren’t I?”
“Just a tad,” said Cordley.
Sam looked at Cassie. “Where’s the bathroom? Do you know?”
“It’s right up front here,” she said, pointing through the gilded double doors.
“Go there, do your business, come directly back here, and then we’ll return to court together,” he said, his instructional tone reminding her of Mr. Golding. “Don’t dawdle.”
“I think I can handle peeing, thanks,” she said, heading back into the Regencia. For a moment, she considered handing Sam’s suit jacket back to him, but instead tugged it tighter around herself; she wasn’t used to wearing something as revealing as her blue gown, and it was nice to have the coverage. Besides, she wasn’t on display anymore.
Predictably, the bathroom was massive and gorgeous, filled with varying shades of cream and gold. A woman in a cream-colored suit stood next to the sink, just for the purpose of giving out warmed hand-towels as far as Cassie could tell. She smiled professionally, but as though she’d rather be elsewhere; Cassie couldn’t really blame her.
Before heading into a bathroom stall, she looked at her face in the mirror, then did a double-take; she looked like herself, but there was something slightly different; a rosy glow to her cheeks that normally wasn’t there. It was probably from the power transfer.
Because she was looking in the mirror, she saw the second woman in a cream colored suit coming up behind her, smiling mildly. Cassie had a second to wonder what the second woman did; having one person in the bathroom to hand out hand towels kind of made sense, in an excessive sort of way, but two? Did she hand out lip gloss or something?
Or maybe, she doesn’t do anything at all. Because she doesn’t work here.
Before Cassie could scream or bolt for the door, the second woman had put something around her neck, and her vision became blurry; she had a vague sense that the two women had picked her up like she weighed nothing, and were rushing her toward the window before she went to sleep.
 


Chapter Twenty
When Cassie woke up, she was lying down in the backseat of a car. When she sat up, rubbing her head, she realized the spacious area probably belonged to a limo. Her two cream-adorned assailants were sitting across from her, looking so calm one would never guess they had just drugged and kidnapped someone. To her irritation, they did nothing but smile their mild smiles when she glared at them. There was definitely something off about these two.
Looking around, she noted it was still dark outside, but she had no idea how long she’d been asleep; it could be the next night for all she knew. There was a laptop computer sitting open between her two kidnappers, but beyond that, the interior was bare.
Still, she felt that there was something important she was forgetting. Squinting, she realized there was something missing: that vague buzzing between her shoulder blades that she’d grown so accustomed to over the past few weeks. Looking down, she saw that in addition to the amulet Sam had made for her was another pendant: a cross, filled with blue topaz, opal chips and diamond studs. If anything, it was even more beautiful than her protection amulet, but she was pretty sure it was the reason she had lost her sense of magic.
Still, shouldn’t my protection amulet have triggered? She picked up the pink amulet and frowned at the pale blue spot in the middle. Had her own magic corrupted the spell, rendering it useless, much faster than Serenus had anticipated?
“Don’t blame your amulet, it wasn’t defective,” an accented voice said. “In fact, it was quite a challenge to work around it.”
Cassie looked up to see a familiar face on the laptop screen between the two women. Her eyes widened, then she cursed herself for her own stupidity.
“So when you said no one had “the stones” to kidnap me now, that was just your way of patting yourself on the back, huh?” she asked.
“That wasn’t my intention,” said Cordley. The picture on the video was pretty clear, but Cassie couldn’t tell where he was; her best guess was that he was in another car. “And I’m sorry I can’t be with you; I wanted to explain this in person, but the logistics of your kidnapping made it impossible. There was a very narrow window of opportunity for the ladies to get you into the limo and speed off before your master got suspicious. I couldn’t afford to slow them down by making the car wait for me.”
“Oh no problem, I completely understand,” said Cassie sarcastically. She fondled her amulet, annoyed when it still gave off that comforting buzz of power. If it was still working, then why hadn’t it gone off when she needed it?
“Would you like to know how we got around that protection spell?” asked Cordley. “There’s a reason I’m asking; I think it would be instructive for you to know.”
Cassie shrugged. “I’m kind of a captive audience, so gloat away. Knock yourself out.”
“It’s not gloating,” said Cordley, the frustration in his voice surprising her. “Cassie, do you remember what your master told you about the amulet? How it works?”
She knitted her brows; it seemed like a long time ago now. “If anyone comes after me with ill intent, they’ll be in pain if they try to touch me…or so he said.”
“Celeste, Lindsey: tell her why you’re helping me bring Cassie back to London.”
“So she may know the fulfillment of serving at the pleasure of the Eastern Court,” they said in unison.
At first Cassie just stared at them, not comprehending. Then, her mouth dropped open as her own words sank in: ill intent. These women were completely brainwashed: the amulet couldn’t trigger because as far as they were concerned, they bore her no ill will. They honestly thought that kidnapping her and taking her back to their court was in her best interests.
She banged her fist on the seat, “Dammit, why is black magic so freakin’ useless all the time!?”
“And now, you see our dilemma, why we need white magic so badly. Why it’s worth doing such dishonorable things— like shoving teenaged girls into cars in the middle of the night— to get it.”
Cassie tilted her head, considering the image of Cordley on the screen. When he revealed himself as the mastermind behind her kidnapping, she’d expected his classy act to disintegrate, but she was beginning to think it wasn’t an act; they might be enemies, but he did consider himself an honorable man.
“So what are you saying? You’re sorry you kidnapped me?”
He shook his head. “No, but I do hope you can understand why I had to—if not now, then someday. Black magic is great for blowing people up Cassie, and not much else. It’s so potent, you have to use a bunch of safeguards— like your master’s ill-intent clause— just to keep it from killing everyone in the room. With safeguards come loopholes, and with loopholes….”
“Even really powerful spells can be outsmarted,” Cassie finished, looking down at her amulet. She picked up the new one— the one the woman, Celeste, had put around her neck— and noticed she didn’t feel the buzz of power in her palm that she was used to. Somehow though, she knew it was there; she was pretty sure she couldn’t take the thing off if she wanted to.
“That amulet, however,” said Cordley, pointing; his obvious love of explaining things reminded her of Serenus. “That amulet is made purely with white spells. One to put you into a painless sleep when you were first taken, one to sever your psychic connection with your master so he can’t find you, and one to stop you from taking it off. No strings, no loopholes.”
Cassie dropped it; she was mad at herself for even thinking it was pretty. “So if you’ve got a witch who can make something this cool, what do you need me for?” she asked, then remembered something Serenus had told her; something about this didn’t add up. “Besides, why would you be stealing me for the Eastern Court? I thought you guys had lots more witches than the Western Court.”
“That’s a misconception we’ve worked very carefully to maintain,” he said. “Technically it’s true, we do have more witches, but like your master would say, they’re ‘garden witches.’ Witches with your potential haven’t been common for thousands of years. The woman who crafted that amulet is one of a very select group.”
Cassie frowned; it always came back to that. For some reasons, witches were born with less power now than they were in the past, and that was why her awakening had driven the demons into such a frenzy. Why a man like Cordley— whom she was beginning to think had more respect for her and Sam than most of the Western Court— was willing to risk everything to steal her away.
“Why is that, anyway?” she asked. “Do you know why witches are so much weaker now than they used to be?”
He shook his head sadly. “There are theories. Some think it’s a natural consequence of evolution; people don’t select for magic the way they do for brains, looks, and so on, because most don’t believe it exists. Some believe it’s random chance; some even think it’s a kind of divine punishment.”
“What do you think it is?” she asked, realizing to her surprise that she genuinely wanted to know his opinion.
He gave her a thin smile. “I stopped asking myself that a long time ago. All I know is, the white witches of yore could supposedly cure any illness, any ailment. And now, they can’t. But with your help, maybe that could change.”
Cassie swallowed as she felt as she felt the pieces of the Dr. Cordley puzzle fall into place; he wasn’t saying it, but it was obvious he wanted a witch to cure someone who was sick. That’s why this man, who all her instincts were telling her was good, had worked long and hard to deceive the Western Court and snatch their most promising witch out from under their noses. Because even a good man would do that for someone they loved.
“Still, you could have asked me!” she said. “If you want someone healed, maybe after I’m actually trained, I could help; you didn’t need to kidnap me to make that happen,” she said.
“Did I?” he said, raising an eyebrow. “You know a bit about what the court is like now. If they had the most powerful white witch in the world, do you think they would run around letting her heal sick little girls out of the goodness of their hearts?”
Cassie looked down. It was his daughter: it had to be. “No, they wouldn’t. They would charge for it. They would…use it to boss everyone else around,” she said. She respected that Arrigio had a greater sense of fair play than most demons, but she didn’t doubt for a second that he would use her as a trump card when it suited him.
“Which is exactly what the Eastern Court is going to do, but unfortunately, I can’t do anything about that,” said Cordley. When Cassie looked back at the screen, he was looking down at his hands.
Suddenly, Celeste piped up. “Master, we’re almost to Albany.”
Cassie’s eyes widened “Albany? You drove me all the way to Albany?”
If she didn’t know better, she would have sworn Cordley looked embarrassed. “From there, you’re going to catch a private flight to Heathrow Airport; I assume your master’s people are canvassing JFK, Newark and La Guardia Airports now, looking for you, but no one expects anyone to go to Albany by choice.”
Cassie sighed and sat back in her chair. That was another thing she had to give Cordley credit for; he was very logical.
***

Cassie actually slept fairly well on the flight to London. She hadn’t completely given up hope of escape, but she didn’t have the energy to try to pull anything while Celeste and Lindsey were guarding her. She was sure Cordley had considered any obvious means of escape, and she didn’t feel mentally awake enough to come up with any non-obvious ones; apparently, the magically-induced sleep she’d had in the limo wasn’t very refreshing.
Periodically, she would wake up and inhale the smell of Sam’s jacket, which she was increasingly glad she had taken; somehow, the scent of him reassured her that she would find a way back.
When they reached London, after a brief wait, Cordley joined them, and he served Cassie, Celeste and Lindsey cookies and small cakes in the limo on the way to his home. Cassie briefly considered refusing to eat for about half a second, but it seemed incredibly pointless; besides, she couldn’t hate Cordley, and she didn’t see the point of trying. She didn’t forgive him for kidnapping her, but that wasn’t the same as hate.
In several respects, it would be easier if she could hate him. She wasn’t sure what would happen to him if she did manage to get away, but she was sure it wouldn’t be pretty; it would probably be a contest to see if the Western Court would kill him for betraying them before the Eastern Court could kill him for failing to procure her successfully. It almost made her apprehensive about trying to get away, but then she thought of her family— and even the crew at the Daily Grind, who were becoming more like a second family to her every day—and she wanted out. She might have sympathy for the man, but he’d brought this on himself.
Thinking of her parents brought tears to her eyes; the last thing she did was take off without telling them. If she couldn’t make this right, they would think she ran away. She dried her eyes and sniffed, telling herself she would find a way. To his credit, Cordley didn’t ask her why she was crying, but did offer her a tissue.
As she had expected, Cordley’s house was sumptuous without being ostentatious in the least. Located in a rural area an hour or two outside of London, the dark wood paneling, old-fashioned lamps and numerous plush couches appealed to Cassie’s aesthetics. If she had to be cooped up in a place against her will, at least it wasn’t hideous.
Celeste and Lindsey bid her a civil goodbye and disappeared down a dark hall; she assumed he had separate quarters for his servants. Or familiars, or whatever they were. She didn’t think they had any magic, but she didn’t know if she could trust her senses with the white amulet around her neck.
Cordley led her to a large bedroom done up in blond wood and soft pinks; obviously a girl’s room, there were dolls on the windowsill and series books on the bookshelf. She assumed it was his daughter’s bedroom.
“I’m staying here?” she asked, feeling awkward. This would normally be the part where someone would put down their suitcase, but given that she’d been kidnapped, she had no belongings other than her clothes. Even Sam’s cellphone was gone from her pocket, but she would have been shocked if Celeste and Lindsey had missed that. That was probably rule one for kidnappings these days: secure all cellphones and mobile devices.
“Just temporarily,” said Cordley. “They’re scheduling an emergency meeting of the court right now, and I assume they’ll have assigned a master for you by this time tomorrow. I hope this will be adequate, just for one day.”
“I see,” she said, running her hand over the cold surface of the computer desk. It was weird being treated like an honored guest when they both knew the truth.
“You must have jet lag; feel free to take a nap and I’ll send someone up with a meal in a few hours.”
Cassie shrugged. “Not tired; I slept for the whole plane ride.”
“Oh,” he said, looking somewhat uncomfortable for the first time. “Well, as you can see, there are books. If you can’t find anything to read, I’m sure we can make other arrangements— movies, video games. That sort of thing.”
Cassie couldn’t help but smile; he genuinely cared whether or not she was comfortable. It was almost sad. “Thanks but reading is fine; a cup of coffee would be awesome though.”
Cordley smiled a dazzling smile, like he was so pleased he could do something to accommodate her. “I’ll go tell Rosa; you’ll have it in three minutes.”
With that, he left. She was slightly disappointed, but not surprised, to hear him lock the door behind him.
***

After pacing the room for two hours, failing to come up with any plan of escape, Cassie was starting to wonder if maybe giving up and staying in London wouldn’t be so bad; at least she would be treated well, and hell, whoever Rosa was, she made good coffee.
Whatever limited appeal that plan had disintegrated when she remembered that she wasn’t staying with Cordley permanently; whoever the court picked to train her, she could be pretty sure he wouldn’t be as accommodating. In fact, they’d probably stick her with a European version of Nathaniel— or worse, Graellen. The very thought of it turned her stomach.
Don’t waste time thinking about it, she scolded herself, knocking herself on the head gently with her fist, I have to get away. No system is perfect, that’s what Mike says, and he’s right.
She sat on the bed and pulled Sam’s jacket tighter around herself; it was swimming on her, but somehow, she found the reminder of his size comforting.
What did she have? She couldn’t count on her mental link with Sam, the amulet blocked that and after spending half an hour trying to take the thing off, she was done playing with it. Her brain just wouldn’t comply when she tried to lift it over her head. Trying to physically escape from the building would be pointless; she would have no idea where she was going, and Cordley probably had people watching his house just in case. He was too meticulous to leave her unguarded. Until she had a plan, preferably a good one, she was better off staying in the house.
She had magic, but she didn’t know how to use it. If she was a trained witch, escaping from this situation would probably be child’s play, but she didn’t know that for sure. She didn’t even know what she could theoretically do with magic, besides heal people. She was slightly furious with Sam for being so tight-lipped all the time; a little bit of knowledge could have gone a long way here.
Still, everybody kept telling her she had so much latent power it was ridiculous, and that had to count for something. If there was any way out of this situation, it would have to take advantage of that.
Okay, so I have a lot of latent magic that I don’t know how to use. What can I do with it…aside from get a lot of demons really excited?
She put her head between her knees, feeling exhausted despite getting twelve hours of sleep; it seemed like the only thing her power was good for was attracting demons….
Wait, attracting demons? What do I know about attracting demons?
Suddenly, she remembered the night she’d brought Sam to her house— the night he’d cast the spell that had killed and dismembered two of her would-be captors.

“I thought you had to say incantations and draw symbols in the dirt and stuff,” she asked.
Sam fixed her with a sad smile. “That’s what people who summon demons need to do— and I’m already here, aren’t I?”

Summoned. Sam could be summoned, he’d as much as said so himself.
Her heart started to race as a plan came together; sure, she might not be able to use her magic for much, but it was still a part of her— in her body, and in her blood. They had said the amulet had cut her psychic link with Sam, but they had never said it did anything else to their bond. If she tried to summon a demon she was already bonded to— through the power of her blood— it might just be enough.
Or it might do nothing but make a mess on the carpet, but any chance of success was better than none.
Frantic, she looked around the room for something to cut herself with. Unsurprisingly, Cordley’s daughter’s room was a little light on steak knives and other cutting implements. Finally, she picked up a paperback book and began running the edges of the paper over her fingers. It was surprisingly hard to give yourself a papercut the one time you wanted to.
Finally, after what felt like hours, she let out an embarrassing squeak of pain as she drew blood. With a smile that she was sure looked deranged, she squeezed the blood out of her finger and onto the carpet, drawing a loose circle; when her middle finger wouldn’t give up any more blood, she started working on cutting her index finger. Slowly but surely, she would get enough blood to draw a complete circle.
Growing tired of forcing the paper cuts, she rifled through the girl’s room again and made a small sound of triumph when she found a jewelry box full of earrings. Taking out a sterling silver post earring, she pricked her fingertips, producing blood at a much faster rate than the papercut method. When her hands started to feel like pincushions, she moved on to her forearms.
She wasn’t sure how long it took, though she knew the sun went down at some point during her efforts, and she lost track of how many pinpricks and cuts she gave herself, but eventually, she had a complete circle. She wasn’t sure what to do for the arcane symbols, but there wasn’t much she could do about it; she scrawled some figures in the blood that looked vaguely Hebraic, and hoped for the best. She was hoping the intent counted for more than the details here.
Feeling a little woozy, she stood and looked at her circle; it was messy, but it looked vaguely like the kinds of magic circles she’d seen in movies and anime, so that was something. Furthermore, it was right next to the bookshelf, so if she made a mistake and summoned some frightening hellspawn instead of Sam, maybe the thing would be too distracted by Cordley’s daughter’s collection of Gossip Girl paperbacks to attack her.
Okay, clearly the blood loss is making me delirious; time to do this thing.
She cleared her throat, not sure if she should use her own voice or try to sound more formidable. She could put on a deeper, more sultry voice, but would that really be more likely to attract Sam? Probably not.
She knelt before the circle; it seemed like the best pose. “I, Cassie Tremblay, familiar of Sam, um, Sammael, bonded to him VERY STRONGLY, I might add— do invoke the er, power of this circle, to summon him here. To me; to my side.”
Nothing happened. Maybe she had to make it rhyme?
“Oh Sammael…you’re pale? Come to me, over the sea? This is…beyond stupid….”
Dammit, all she wanted to do was use the latent power of her blood to cause a supernatural being to materialize from the ether at her side— what was the hold up?
Nearly crying with frustration, she decided to yell; what did she have to lose?
“Sammael, get over here! I summon you- thee! Sammael, I SUMMON THEE!!!!”
Before she was finished screaming, she felt the floor shaking below her; either London was becoming a seismic hotspot, or she had succeeded, for better or for worse. As smoke filled the room, obscuring her vision of even the circle before her, she closed her eyes and prayed to whoever might listen that she hadn’t screwed this up.
 


Chapter Twenty-One
Sam stood, looking not altogether surprised to be standing in a girl’s bedroom. He dropped his eyes from Cassie to the circle that contained him, and she felt a lurch in her stomach when an expression she didn't quite recognize settled over his features. It was…wry? Amused? She didn't have a word for it, but somehow it looked wrong on his face.
"My stars, is this a sloppy business," he said, scratching his chin. "I've seen some shabby summoning circles in my time, and let me tell you, hon, this is probably the worst I've seen. It's actually kind of impressively horrific."
Cassie felt her stomach drop, the last naive hope that she'd successfully summoned Sam dying inside her. In addition to all her senses screaming at her that this was most emphatically Not Sam, the man she knew would never call her "hon." She’d succeeded in summoning something, but not who she wanted; to make matters worse, the thing had somehow taken Sam’s form just to mock her.
"I mean, I don't know if you could make a worse circle if you were trying. An impressive amount of blood, though."
Cassie cleared her throat. She might have screwed up royally, but maybe explaining herself would count for something. It wasn't like she had any other options, really. "I gave myself a lot of cuts. I didn't want to screw up the summoning because I didn't use enough blood."
Not-Sam's face curled into a smile, not really like one of Sam's rare smiles, but familiar enough it made something twinge inside her. "Really now? Heh, you remind me of someone, just a little bit. But you didn't need to use it all. Blood like yours, a bloke like me sits up and pays attention. A few drops, call my name, and I'm here, babydoll."
Cassie wasn't sure what to say to that. "Uh, sorry?" He chuckled, and went to examine the volumes on the bookcase that he could reach without leaving the circle. Well, score one for her planning.
Even in her addled state, Cassie realized something was wrong, besides the obvious. Should it really be this easy to summon a demon? Sure, she had her potent super-magic blood, but didn't demon summoning typically involve studying, animal sacrifices, and lots of complicated little drawings of pentagrams and whatnot?
She frowned as Not-Sam happily ignored her and examined the spines on the books. This had been a half-baked, desperate idea and she knew it; it shouldn't have worked at all, let alone summoned a full-blooded, shape-shifting demon. The demon didn't seem to mind talking to her, so maybe the direct approach was best.
"So, it's this easy to summon you? I didn't really expect it to work, honestly."
The demon didn't seem to be paying attention, thumbing through copies of Harry Potter and Gossip Girl, but it surprised her by answering. "Summoning us is easy, especially for one such as you. Now, the complicated part— and the part that makes mages spend all that time drawing pretty symbols— is to protect the summoner from us." He put the book he was thumbing back on the shelf and turned around, hands in his pockets. "Apparently, you don't go in for that sort of wimpy nonsense."
And with that, he crossed the line of the circle to stand before her.
Cassie gasped and jumped back, pressing her shoulders against the door. Now she was stuck in here, with this thing that probably ate people, and she couldn't blame Cordley for this one; she had brought this on herself. She felt her heart hammering in her chest painfully.
Not-Sam laughed. "Oh please, now that I'm not bound by the circle I can do anything. Even you should know that. Don't pretend you can run away." Yawning, he moved over to the bed and fell back, stretching, then sat up cross-legged and fixed his eyes on her.
"The thing is, I'm curious. I'm summoned, by a wide-eyed virgin whose veins apparently run with liquid magic— and wearing quite a fetching outfit, I might add— into a blood circle with no protection whatsoever, after dark. How convenient can you get?" he said, his voice slow and even.
"Who put you up to this, hon? Don't get me wrong, my normal MO would be to snatch you home to keep me company for the rest of your pathetic lifespan, and I still might, but I want to know who put the honey in this trap."
Cassie found her voice, hating the fact that it shook. "No one put me up to it. I was trying to summon my...master," she said, barely pausing on the hated word "...and I got you instead, somehow. Um. Sorry to bother you."
His eyes narrowed as though he didn't believe her. "Who were you trying for? I distinctly remember hearing you call my name."
Despite her fear, Cassie managed to narrow her eyes at him. He'd shown up looking like Sam just to mess with her, and now he was being cute? "Don't you know? You made yourself look like him."
There was a long pause, so long Cassie actually started to feel a little awkward, and then his red eyes widened in realization. "No I didn't, actually. Tell me, exactly, who you were trying to summon."
"Sam, half-demon. Barista at The Daily Grind. General pain in the ass, and my master...the dumbass," she trailed off.
The demon lowered his eyes and licked his lips, considering. He looked at her and shook his head, a ghost of a smile teasing. "I don't believe it; my idiot son has finally pulled his head out of his mopey, insufferable ass and taken a familiar. I thought I'd never see the day."
Cassie's jaw dropped. She had summoned Sam's father? How in hell, quite literally, had that happened?
Sam's father stood up, and walked towards her, putting his palms out flat in an "I come in peace" gesture. "It makes sense; you tried to call my son, but it's not that easy to summon a half-demon— you'd need a lock of his hair, or at least a sock or something. Something physical for him to latch onto. Me, the blood calls: you spilled your blood, called his name, and it happens to be the same name." He chuckled. "Some summoners have tried and failed to summon me after training for years, and you do it by accident? I'll bet you're some familiar, Cassie."
Cassie looked over to the bed, where Sam’s suit jacket still was. She’d taken it off when she started to feel warm during her aggressive papercut session. Dammit, she’d had the tools she needed to summon him properly all along, and she hadn’t known. She could have kicked herself for not throwing the jacket on top of the blood circle; it seemed so obvious in retrospect.
Cassie released some of the tension in her body, realizing from the ache in her back that she'd been pressing her shoulder blades against the door for as long as he'd been outside the circle. He was Sam's father, not just an inhuman monster; maybe this wouldn't be her last bad decision.
"So if you're Sam's father, does that mean you won't drag me off to, um...you know?" she said, averting her eyes.
He closed the distance between them and put his hands on her shoulders, making her jump. A calm smile on his face, he began to rub her shoulders soothingly. "For that git? No, I should take you and chain you up in my basement for the next 50 years just to punish him for being, well…you know, the way he is. Stealing his familiar from right out under his nose would serve the bastard right."
Cassie was starting to get used to the feeling of her stomach dropping to her ankles; it wasn't so bad, once you accepted the fact that you were screwed and would probably never see the sun again.
He tucked a finger under her chin and looked at her appraisingly, gently moving her head from side to side; even though she knew it wasn't him, the idea of Sam doing that to her made the blood rush to her face. Dammit, she thought, I'm about to get dragged to Hell and I'm still crushing on him? What is wrong with me?
Satisfied somehow, he took his hands from her and sighed. "Unfortunately, as much as I'd like a new friend just your shape to keep me company, Helen would definitely hold it against me, and I won't have that. So I guess you aren't leaving this plane of existence just yet."
Cassie let out a breath she didn't realize she'd been holding. Who was Helen?
"Now that you've had a moment to thank your lucky stars, tell me: why did you want to see that git of a half-demon so badly? I honestly can't imagine."
***

It took a while, but Cassie briefed the demon on everything that had happened since the morning of the time skip. From Sammael’s lack of response, she guessed that the demons already knew about the time skip. She wondered how much else they knew about what went on in the human world. 
When she had finished, Sammael rubbed his eyes; Cassie still couldn’t get past how strange it was to see the creature using so much of Sam’s body language. Whether it was intentional or not, it was creepy. “Quite a mess you two have here; not that I should have expected anything less.”
“What should I do? Since I have his jacket, I can summon him, right?”
“You can,” he said slowly, “but you have to deal with me first. Word to the wise: summon one demon at a time.”
Cassie raised an eyebrow at him; now that he’d revealed he wasn’t going to drag her off to Hell forever, she found it difficult to be properly scared of him, even though she really should be. “I thought you said you weren’t going to do anything to me?”
He jumped off the bed and took a step towards her, causing her to take an involuntary step back. Okay, maybe she was still a little scared of him.
“I said I wouldn’t take you home with me. I never said I wasn’t going to do anything to you.”
She frowned. “Aren’t you worried about Helen?”
He laughed. “Oh, from the mouths of babes! I won’t hurt you, but you have to understand, I have a reputation to consider; one does not get summoned by an innocent virgin—"
“Whose blood runs with liquid magic, you said this part already—"
“—whose blood runs with liquid magic, wearing a very sexy little thing, in the dark of a moonless night, and then just go home with nothing. It’s the principle of the thing, you understand.”
“Not really,” she sighed. Demons and their protocol; it was all the same.
He closed the distance between them, and tucked his finger under her chin again; he seemed to like doing that. “Kiss me.”
She sputtered. “Excuse me?”
“Oh come on, you may be a virgin but you’re not five years old. Kiss me, and then you’ll have a bond with me too. Not as strong as the one with my son, because God-forbid I show up the little bugger and give Helen a conniption, but I get something to save my pride and you get rid of me for the night. How does that sound?”
“Uh…” Cassie mumbled, at a loss. She didn’t want a bond with him, but it sounded like he was giving her a pretty good deal by demon standards, and it’s not like she was exactly swimming in options. A more analytical part of her brain noted that demons seemed to have no trouble saying the word “God.”
“Take the deal,” he said, and suddenly his voice sounded nothing like Sam’s. For a fraction of a second, she sensed the demon behind the human mask, and that was enough to convince her that she’d best do whatever would get him out of the room the fastest. She stood on tiptoe and gave him a kiss on the cheek.
“Deal?” she said. He just looked at her for a moment, face unreadable.
“I see why you and my son get along so famously; you probably go to the same club for pathetically inhibited people.”
With that, he pulled her against his body and crushed his lips against hers. Cassie almost screamed, and probably would have if he wasn’t covering her mouth; he felt incredibly hot, and not in the erotic sense; in the molten lava sense. She thought she might burst into flame any second.
“Deal,” he said, and before she could catch her breath, he was gone.
***

Summoning Sam was more difficult than summoning his father had been. She felt like she was mentally tugging him into the room, whereas Sammael had pretty much appeared before her once she had called him. It probably didn’t help that Sam didn’t realize he was being summoned for most of it.
Still, eventually she succeeded, and she sensed his presence in the room. Opening her eyes, she saw that he was sitting in a heap on top of his jacket, which she had put on top of the circle this time. He was still wearing his tuxedo, sans jacket, but looked slightly disheveled and worn out; she guessed it hadn’t been a fun day for him either.
He stared up at her for several seconds, as though not trusting his eyes. “I’ve never been summoned once in my entire life, and you….how….”
“Yes I’m fine, it’s great to see you too,” she said breathlessly. “Listen, we’re outside of London right now and the Eastern Court is currently discussing who gets to take me home. I’d like to get out of here sooner rather than later.”
A little shakily, he got to his feet. “The Eastern Court? Give me the short version.”
As concisely as she could, she explained her current situation to him, including how Cordley had gotten around the protection spell, which made him groan. She made a split-second decision to skip over the part about summoning his father first; she had no idea how he would take it, and they both had enough on their plates for the moment.
“I knew it was Cordley,” he said, gritting his teeth. “No one’s that friendly.”
“Whatever, the fact is we have to get out of here, pronto. Can you like, teleport us out or something?”
He looked at her incredulously. “Teleport? What do you think I am, a full-blooded demon?”
She put her hands on her hips; it felt good to be arguing with him again. “Why not? The entire Western Court seems to.”
Sam looked like he was about to argue, then changed his mind. “Alright, I’ll concede the point there, but I can’t teleport. We’re going to have to do this the hard way, which means actually going to the airport.”
“Whatever we’re going to do, let’s do it- the court’s deciding tonight! There’s no time!”
He raised an eyebrow. “You’ve been to court now: do you honestly think that they’re going to be done fighting over you before the wee hours of the morning? The original court is supposedly even more obsessed with protocol than ours.”
Cassie opened her mouth to disagree with him reflexively, then changed her mind. Actually, they probably had some time. 
“Hopefully, it won’t come to it, but if I have to, I want to be prepared to fight. Which means, I’d like to borrow some of your magic again.”
“Fine. No arguments from me,” she said, placing her hands in his.
When he closed his eyes and gently squeezed her hands, warning her that he was starting to tap in, a sensation not unlike an electric shock ran through both of them, and they jumped apart, Cassie falling onto the bed while Sam was pushed back against the dresser.
“What went wrong?” she murmured, slurring her words a little. Between the blood loss and the shock, she wasn’t sure how much more abuse she could take tonight.
“It’s that white amulet,” he snarled. “It messes with our bond; enough that tapping into you doesn’t work.”
“I can’t take it off.”
“I know.”
“Can you get it off me?”
“I don’t think so. It hurts for me to even look at it,” he said. “I guess I’ll have to rely on my own strength.” Normally Cassie would have deemed that sufficient, but he looked so incredibly tired, she wasn’t sure how much of his own magic he could use. It must have been rough, searching for her when she disappeared without a trace. She felt a pang of guilt, because if she’d agreed to let him babysit her for a little while longer like he’d wanted, none of this would have happened.
She touched the diamond-studded amulet; she had to get this thing off, otherwise Sam was in danger. It honestly hadn’t occurred to her that he might be in a weakened state when she summoned him, but now that she’d done it, she had to take responsibility for it; she owed him magical power.
“Put that down, you’re not going to get that off,” he said, sounding resigned.
“How do you know?” said Cassie, a ghost of an idea occurring to her. Finding out how Cordley had circumvented her protection amulet had given her a new insight into how magic worked. “I think there’s a loophole.”
“White magic doesn’t have loopholes, you don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“No….” she said, licking her lips as the idea came together. “It’s not that white magic doesn’t have loopholes, it’s just that black magic has so many more, because of the protection clauses, white seems foolproof in comparison. But it’s not foolproof. Nothing is.” Taking a deep breath, she closed her eyes and reached out with her mind.
Hey, Sammael? Real demon Sammael, not puny half-demon Sammael, are you listening?
There was a pause, and she thought she heard a sound like ice clinking in a glass, then the demon answered.
What could you possibly want? I just got home and poured myself a drink.
Actually, all I needed to do was confirm that I was mentally linked with you. See, this amulet is supposed to sever my mental link with my master. But when it was made, I had only one master, and now I have two. Since I’m talking to my master mind-to-mind, that means that technically, the spell doesn’t work. Which means that technically, the amulet isn’t functioning.
And with that, she pulled the amulet over her head effortlessly, to Sam’s dumbfounded expression.
You’re one of those annoying people who takes IQ tests on the internet to prove how smart you are, aren’t you? The demon put an end to the conversation, but she was sure she heard laughter in his voice.
“You broke the spell— an advanced white spell, and you broke it. You’re not even a witch yet…I don’t understand….” Sam’s eyes were wide, and she realized he was genuinely shocked. She’d been so concerned with getting the amulet off, she hadn’t thought of what she would say to him if she succeeded. She knew she would have to tell him about the deal with his father eventually, but now was not the time.
She licked her lips, holding the diamond amulet in her palm. Now that it wasn’t impeding her, and she could feel the slightly annoying, but familiar buzzing sensation at her back again, she could admit that it was pretty again. “I didn’t break it, I just…found a weakness, that’s all.”
He still looked at her, his red eyes widened. He was so shocked, he had actually forgotten his disguise spell. Either that, or he was too tired to keep it up.
“Whatever, look I promise I’ll explain everything when we get home, but we have to get home first. Tap in,” she said, offering him her arm.
He took her arm slowly, still looking at her like he didn’t quite believe what he was seeing. “You are going to tell me how you did that,” he said, emphasizing every word.
“It’s hard when I know something you don’t know, isn’t it?” she said. She couldn’t help it; teasing him was wrong, but after the day she’d had….
She gasped as a sharp pain raced through her body as he tapped into her magic, pulling it into himself greedily.
“Ow! Hey, it was a joke, okay?”
“That’s not it…sorry,” he said, gasping for air. “I wasn’t trying to hurt you, I’m just so depleted…I think it’s the summoning that did it.” The pain ebbed, replaced by the now familiar sensation of warmth leaving her body, more gently this time, and she shivered when he let go of her. She cradled the arm he had touched, full of cuts that were just beginning to heal.
Note to self: Don’t summon first Master when we might have to fight, it saps his strength. Note to self: Don’t summon second Master again, period.
Still, the first time he had done that, she had passed out; either he was getting better at holding back, or she was getting used to it. Now it just hurt like hell.
“Ahhhh,” he said, after taking a moment to catch his breath. He pulled himself up to his full height and stretched out his arms and legs, suddenly looking much more limber. “Much better. Sometimes I forget why we’re all fighting over you, but that felt really good.” At that, he made a contented noise, from deep in his throat, and finished his stretch.
For some reason, his quiet grunt of pleasure made her blush more than kissing Sammael had. “Okay, now let’s get out of here,” she muttered, turning her back to him so he wouldn’t see her flushed cheeks. “I feel like I’ve been in this room for about five years.”
Chapter Twenty-Two
Before they left the room, Cassie rifled through Cordley’s daughter’s closet, looking for something to throw over her blue gown; nice as it was, it attracted way too much attention, and it wasn’t warm enough for the chilly evening. Of course, the girl was apparently a size two, so nothing fit until Cassie found a worn old college sweatshirt, which was probably a hand-me-down from an adult. For about a fraction of a second she felt jealous of the absent girl for being model-thin, then immediately felt bad about it; hey, the girl was sick.
Sam didn’t want to wear his blood-smeared suit jacket, but leaving an item with a magical link to both of them behind was unsafe, so it had to be destroyed. Cassie heard a soft crackling noise as she pulled the sweatshirt over her head, and then saw the cloth being eaten away by a silent black flame; in a few minutes, it would be a small pile of dust on the floor. She assumed it would burn the remains of her blood away as well.
After setting the jacket aflame, Sam motioned for her to stand behind him, then spread his arms out like he was reaching for invisible walls.
“What are you doing?” she asked.
“Trying to make a protective barrier. I’ve never done it before, but with your white magic I should be able to.”
“I hope it works, because you look like a mime,” she whispered, then shuddered as her ears popped the way they had on the plane to London. Something about the air pressure had changed, which probably meant the spell had been successful. Looking around her, nothing appeared different at first, but when she squinted, she thought she could see a glittery sheen to the air in front of her when there hadn’t been before.
“Will this protect us from bullets and stuff?”
He shrugged. “We can only hope.”
Sam put his index finger on the door, and there was a snap as quick pulse of energy broke the lock. As he took her hand and led her down the hall cautiously, Cassie stared at his back in confusion. This demon, who got angry when she teased him about his clumsiness with magic, had just cast what appeared to be three rather precise spells over the course of a minute. Either his control was a lot better than he let on, or something about tapping into her, and mixing her magic with his own, improved it.
They met no one in the halls. Cassie was worried about running into Rosa, presumably the maid, but there was no sign of her.
“Do you know how many guards he has?” Sam said in a barely audible whisper as he led her through the house. She knew without him telling her that he didn’t want to waste his energy on mind-to-mind communication unless he had to. His grip on her arm was a little painful, but she didn’t want to make it easy for anyone to separate the two of them, so she put up with it.
“I only know two, Celeste and Lindsey. They’re the women that kidnapped me in the bathroom.”
“You know their names?”
“Yeah, so? I don’t know how many other people he has around.”
Sam nodded. Cordley himself would be at court, but the real question was how many people he’d left to watch her: whether they were human guards, demons, or something else entirely. Cassie had no idea what to expect; she was sure Cordley was cautious, but she wouldn’t be surprised if he’d thought the real challenge was kidnapping her out from under Sam’s nose in the first place. Even if he expected her to make an escape attempt, she doubted he had planned to deal with Sam as well.
When they reached the entry hall, and Cassie was beginning to think they had made it out of the house without incident, she saw Celeste out of the corner of her eye a fraction of a second before the guard hit Sam’s barrier, which pulsed like a strobe light on impact. The details of what happened during the next second were something that Cassie only completely understood much later.
There was a flash of silver as Celeste produced a knife from her belt with superhuman speed and pushed the tip of the blade against Sam’s barrier. In the instant before Sam could hit her with a spell, the blade slipped through the barrier with only a small jolt of resistance, finding its target beneath Sam’s ribs. His side hit the wall with a sickening thud as Celeste used her momentum to push the knife up towards his heart.
As Cassie screamed, somehow Sam managed to get his hand on Celeste’s collar and perform a spell that made the air pulse with static electricity, and the guard crumpled to the floor, her face frozen in shock. Holding the spot on his abdomen where he’d been stabbed, Sam slid down against the wall, gritting his teeth. Fear and other emotions Cassie didn’t recognize paralyzed her to the spot; Sam had obviously killed Celeste, but had she succeeded in taking him with her?
Somehow, through her fear and confusion, she felt more than heard another figure approach behind her. She turned to see Lindsey 20 feet away, training her gun on Sam. The guard was taking time to aim, making sure to put the bullet in his head. Before she even realized what she was doing, Cassie had put her body between Sam and Lindsey.
“Don’t!” she screamed, and to her relief, Lindsey bit her lip in frustration and took her finger off the trigger. Cassie licked her lips; the one thing she had going for her in this situation was that the guards knew that she was too valuable to hurt. Lindsey had obviously been instructed not to shoot if there was even a chance of hitting Cassie.
Behind her, she heard Sam’s labored breathing and wondered if her efforts were in vain. “Sam?” she asked, her voice squeaky and scared.
“In my pocket…Ser gave me…” He coughed, and Cassie thought from the sound of it that he was coughing up blood. “Get it out…give it to me…”
Still keeping her eyes on Lindsey, Cassie stepped back and knelt in front of Sam, trying to fiddle through his pockets blind while still keeping herself in front of all his vital organs. Quickly, she found a small vial filled with amber liquid. A potion?
“Feed it to me…quick…”
Settling into an awkward position that allowed her to keep Lindsey’s gun in her peripheral vision while she administered to Sam, she tipped the potion into his open mouth, her heart pounding in her ears as he struggled to swallow it. After an interminable few seconds, Cassie gasped as she felt a new barrier flicker to life around them.
Still holding his injured abdomen, Sam struggled to his feet, fixing Lindsay with a neutral expression. It was like he was past anger, no longer willing to waste the energy to hate her. “Your friend punched through a weakness in my barrier with an enchanted silver blade. Do you think you’ll have the same luck with lead bullets?”
Cassie looked at him in wonder. Though he still looked pained, color was returning to his face by the second, and it was obvious from his speech that he was healing fast. That must have been some impressive healing potion Serenus had given him.
Stone-faced, Lindsey tossed the gun aside. She bowed her head, awaiting her fate.
Cassie looked at Sam, still hunched over; after he’d been nearly killed, she didn’t think he had any reason to be generous with Lindsey’s life, but she knew something he didn’t. “Sam, she’s brainwashed. She’s not even in control of what she’s doing,” she whispered.
He flicked his eyes to her, then back to Lindsey. “You know I can’t let you call him.”
Lindsey looked up, showing Sam the same vacuous smile that seemed to be her default expression. It was even more disturbing to Cassie now. “Then I guess you will have to kill me, Sammael,” she said, as if the issue were of no more consequence than picking up a half-gallon of milk at the supermarket. As she stared at the brainwashed guard, Cassie wondered who at the Eastern Court was responsible for the woman’s complete disregard for her own life. Somehow, she didn’t think it was Cordley.
Muttering something under his breath, Sam pointed at Lindsey, and Cassie thought she saw a flicker where the barrier opened to let through the spell. Lindsey grabbed her throat and gurgled, crumpling to the floor much as Celeste had.
“She’s alive, but she won’t be calling anyone for a while,” said Sam, gently lowering himself to the floor. “The potion should be enough to heal me for now but just…give it a minute…I think it’s still working….”
At her ashen face, he cracked a pained smile. “Don’t worry, I wasn’t dying just yet. She found a weakness in the barrier, but it threw off her position enough that she missed her target. If she’d pulled off her attack the way she intended and got me in the heart, even the potion wouldn’t be able to save me.”
Cassie nodded. So the barrier hadn’t been useless; without it, Sam would already be dead.
“How did she find a weakness in the barrier?” Cassie whispered. She thought he might want silence as he regained his strength, but it seemed like he wanted to talk. Maybe it was to take his mind off the pain while the potion stitched his flesh together at a thousand times the normal rate of healing.
Sam seemed to consider the question. “I don’t know. If she was human, she shouldn’t be able to, but maybe she’s been bespelled with some kind of ability to see barriers. She had a special weapon just for piercing them.” He took a deep breath and continued, sounding stronger. “The real problem is I’ve never made one before; it obviously wasn’t equally strong at all points. I’ll have to work on that, because these healing potions can’t be cheap,” he said.
When she didn’t respond, he continued. “When you summoned me and I started…fading, Serenus shoved it in my pocket before I could disappear. I’ll have to ask him where he gets these things,” he said, his voice filled with admiration.
“Maybe when I’m a trained witch, I can make them for you,” said Cassie softly. He rewarded her with a thin smile.
After another minute, Sam got to his feet, still favoring his left side but looking otherwise healthy. Cassie squinted, trying to see the glittering light of the barrier and determined if it looked thinner in any one area, but it all just looked like a layer of shimmering air to her. They certainly couldn’t afford for it to be pierced again, but all she could do was hope that Sam had made a better one the second time.
Outside the front door, Sam hesitated, looking around. Cassie wasn’t an expert in stealth, but she was pretty sure they shouldn’t just stand there where they could be seen.
“Shouldn’t we try to keep a low profile?” she whispered.
He shrugged. “How? There’s nowhere to hide between here and the road, and anyone who can see us now isn’t going to come out so I can curse them. They’re going to hide and call Cordley, so he can hunt us down with enough demons to stop me.” Showing how fully he’d recovered, he grabbed Cassie’s wrist and pulled her into a run.
“Oh,” she replied, struggling to keep pace with him in her heels. “What can we do about that?”
“Not a goddamn thing,” he said, not even bothering to whisper anymore. The fact that he would use a swearword, even a mild one, was alarming. When they reached the street, he stopped suddenly, throwing Cassie off balance. “We need to flag down a car.”
Just then, it started to pour.
Well, England. Of course.
She bent over, panting; she hadn’t even had to run very much, but after the power transfer with Sam, not to mention two summonings, she wasn’t exactly in top shape. The cold raindrops felt almost painful on the top of her head. “Did I do the wrong thing by summoning you? I thought you could take me back, but I don’t…want you killed…” she trailed off, panting some more.
He turned to look at her, and she could see in his face that he was worried about the shape she was in. He had been stabbed, but she had been through a lot too and they were all out of healing potions. “Don’t worry about me, worry about keeping yourself in one piece,” he said, as he flagged down a car.
The next hour was a blur to Cassie; at first she thought that Sam had used compulsion on the driver of the old station wagon that had pulled over for them, but soon she realized that the elderly gentleman was just scared to death of the man in the back seat with the glowing red eyes.
“Can you even use compulsion on people you aren’t bonded to?” she asked. She had decided earlier not to ask him any questions, but she was too delirious to care at this point. She was having trouble staying awake, keeping her head on his shoulder.
“No. In theory you can, but that’s another thing I’m really bad at.”
“Oh.” She nestled into a more comfortable position against him. “You really do suck at being a demon.”
He began stroking her hair gently. In any other situation, she would have been irritated by his assuming a physical intimacy that she didn’t authorize, but now, it felt comforting. “I’m good enough at being a demon to rescue you,” he whispered.”
“Maybe. We’ll see,” she said. Then the sound of the rain hitting the car windows blocked out every other sound, and she did fall asleep.
 


Chapter Twenty-Three
When she woke up, she was lying down across several of the leather seats in an airport terminal. Sam was pacing in front of her, not unlike a guard dog determined not to let anyone through a gate. With his wet, windblown hair and tattered, bloodstained clothes, he looked a little frightening even with his disguise spell back up. Before she’d even completely regained consciousness, she noticed that the other travelers were giving him a very wide berth.
It occurred to her that he must have carried her inside from the car, and briefly she wondered if he’d carried her in front of him, princess-style, or just threw her over his shoulder like a sack of potatoes. She couldn’t help smiling at the thought that it was probably the latter.
She sat up slowly, still feeling groggy. She did a double take when she recognized the terminal.
“Heathrow Airport!” she exclaimed. “Why did you take us here? We should have gone to a smaller airport…somewhere they wouldn’t expect…” she said, thinking of the way Cordley had snuck her out of the States by driving all the way to Albany. Granted, there may not be anywhere in Britain as singularly undesirable as Albany, but there had to be some backwoods airport where the thugs from the Eastern Court would be less likely to look.
Sam continued pacing, scanning the room for threats. “A smaller airport would have fewer flights going out, meaning we could be stuck there for several hours, giving them time to track us down. There was risk either way.”
She rubbed her temples; if she ever got home, she was going to take about five painkillers, and she didn’t care if the box only advised taking two. She had a massive headache, and she was a bit worried that she couldn’t remember when it started. A few rows ahead of her, a boy was bouncing a small glow-ball— the kind you got from vending machines— up and down, and every time it bounced, the sound reverberated in her head unpleasantly.
“When does our flight leave?” she asked.
“Twenty minutes.”
She nodded, not caring to ask how Sam had got them on a flight without their passports, money, or any of the usual necessities. Just because he couldn’t compel people (or so he said) didn’t mean he couldn’t scare them into doing what he wanted.
She took off her black heels one at a time and dumped them on the floor. He stopped pacing and fixed her with a quizzical look.
“They hurt, and if we have to do any more running tonight, I’m better off without them.”
He gave her a tired smile. “Women and your stupid high-heeled shoes.”
“Men and you’re stupid penguin-suits…hey, where’s your tie?” she said, noticing his shirt was open at the collar.
He shrugged. “It hurt.”
Before she could drive home the fact that men obviously made stupid decisions in the name of fashion too, suddenly she felt a frigid chill. When she saw the glow ball the boy had been bouncing paused in mid-air above his seat, she realized someone had frozen time. “Oh no.”
Apparently their pursuers were coming from behind her chair, because Sam pushed her down before he headed off in that direction. “Stay down! Don’t move from there until I say!”
Cassie gritted her teeth, her face against the leather. She saw the wisdom of staying down during the fight, but it was going to be hell to have to listen and not know what was happening. She felt a strange sensation, like her skin was stretching, and she realized Sam had split his barrier between the two of them. This way, he could leave her side and they were both protected.
She heard the hammering of several pairs of feet against the tile floor, and a bunch of screamed curses she couldn’t identify; the air seemed to sing with magic. Her nervous system revolted with a pins-and-needles sensation that seemed to cover her whole body, taking her attention away from the sounds of the fight momentarily.
They can’t hurt him, he’s a full-blooded demon and they’re half-breeds. He’s a much bigger monster than they are…and he’s my monster...they can’t hurt him….
When she recovered her ability to focus, she grimaced as her ears popped, over and over again. Quickly, she realized that the popping was synchronized to the screams of the demons, and realized that Sam was breaking through his opponents’ barriers. They had all tapped into their familiars to get enough white magic to create protective barriers, but while Sam’s barrier may have been inexpertly crafted, it was thick; their barriers were paper-thin. They would have to find a lucky shot to find a weakness in Sam’s barrier, whereas his spells were punching through their shields like bullets through a sheet of paper.
Someone fell right behind her row of chairs, and she heard them gasp for air painfully. Unable to stand it anymore, she peeked over the back of her seat, still trying to keep her head as low as possible.
The young man in front of her was holding his throat, thrashing in the panic of not being able to breathe. When she looked around the room, she saw several other men in the same position. The dozens of frozen travelers standing around them seemed incredibly out of place, like store mannequins that had somehow ended up in a warzone.
Other than the fact that he was still favoring his left side, Sam looked unharmed. To Cassie, there was something interesting about the fact that Celeste, the human guard, had come far closer to killing him than half a dozen demons. He caught her eye and to her surprise, didn’t snap at her for disobeying his order to stay down. “I didn’t kill them. They only think they can’t breathe. Once they’re unconscious, they’ll start breathing normally.”
Cassie nodded, feeling numb. “Is that it? Are there more coming?”
“No idea,” he said, keeping one hand out as though waiting to hurl a curse at the next person to enter the room, while the other protected his abdomen. “They must be using an amulet to freeze time; otherwise, the spell would have worn off once I got the caster. Who knows where that damn thing is.”
Listening to the derision in his voice, Cassie realized she had the answer to a question she had wanted to know weeks ago; why Sam had been so dismissive when Serenus had first suggested crafting the protection amulets.
“Real demons cast from their own power, they don’t use no sissy-man amulets,” she said, walking over to him. She had started to feel feverish, and the surface of the tiled floor felt delightfully cool on the bottoms of her shoeless feet. “Am I right?”
“The sad thing is, so much of demon culture really is about macho crap like that,” said a familiar voice behind them.
Sam turned to hurl a curse in the direction of the voice, only to freeze when he saw that Cordley was pointing a gun at his chest. Cassie looked at her captor, trying to figure out how he’d gotten behind them. The only thing that made sense was that he’d entered the terminal through some unknown back entrance while the demons Sam had cursed kept him distracted.
“Keep your hands down,” said Cordley, and Sam complied. It sounded odd to Cassie, but she realized almost immediately why he’d changed it from the typical “Put your hands up” command at gunpoint; demons used their arms to direct spells. Telling Sam to put his hands in a position where he could easily point at the man holding a gun at him was a really bad idea. “I can see your barrier, but it’s been through a war; I wouldn’t trust it to repel a charmed bullet at this point if I were you.”
Sam made an irritated sound; Cordley could be lying about the bullets being charmed, but Sam couldn’t take the risk. Even Cassie could sense that his barrier was much patchier now than when he’d cast it.
“Cassandra, start walking towards me slowly.”
“You could have shot me in the back and ran off with Cassie, but you didn’t. I’m assuming you must have a reason.” said Sam, his eyes trained on Cordley’s gun.
From the expression on Cordley’s face, if he wasn’t holding someone at gunpoint, he probably would have shrugged. “I’m a doctor; killing people goes against everything I believe in. I simply want Cassandra to leave with me.”
“It’s useless, I’ll come back for her.”
“No, you won’t. Now that she’s been formally accepted into the Eastern Court as our property, attempting to kidnap her from us may as well be an act of war. The Westerners won’t risk it. Start walking, Cassie.”
Slowly, Cassie started walking towards him, trying to stall without making it obvious. It seemed ridiculous to her that Sam could be stopped with something as mundane as a handgun, but then again, it all came down to the fact that demons weren’t gifted with white magic; no half-demon could afford to take a bullet to the chest, because unless they were lucky enough to have one of Serenus’ magical potions, which Cassie was sure were incredibly hard to come by, there was no coming back from it.
“Really? If this were an ‘act of war’, the court would have sent more than six demons after us. I bet they don’t even know she’s gone yet,” and though her back was turned to him, Cassie could hear the smile in Sam’s voice, “because you didn’t tell them. You came to get her yourself, because you didn’t want them to know you lost her.”
“I haven’t lost her yet,” said Cordley, as Cassie approached. “And I’m afraid if you’re expecting me to stay and chat for another half hour, Mr. Andrews, you’ll be disappointed; I have seen a Bond movie or two. We’re done here.”
“Dr. Cordley, you don’t have to do this,” she said. “I promise you, I’ll heal your daughter. I don’t care what the Court says, I won’t let them control me.”
At that, Cordley’s eyes left Sam for the first time and shifted to hers, though his gun was still pointed at Sam’s heart. “My daughter? My daughter’s dead.”
Cassie stopped in her tracks. Oh my God, I’m wearing a dead girl’s sweatshirt.
“It was for my daughter that I began this insane quest, it’s true. Now it’s my niece. Two girls in the same family, the same prognosis. I would say we’re cursed, but your Examiner has assured me we are not; just bloody unlucky.” He laughed, a hoarse sound that held more pain than mirth.
“I swear, I’ll heal your niece! There’s no need for you to do this, I want to help you. I’ll learn how to bring your daughter back from the dead, if I can.” she exclaimed.
At that, Cordley’s attention was riveted to her; it was like he had forgotten Sam was even in the building. In his face, she could see him struggle to suppress a faint hope, so long buried.
Of course, that lapse in attention was all Sam needed to hit him with a curse. Cassie didn’t realize what had happened until Cordley reached for his throat with his free hand, struggling to keep his grip on the gun with his right. It was only a second before he too had crumpled to the floor.
Cassie looked away; it was hard to watch the dignified man struggle for breath. “He only thinks he can’t breathe, right?”
With a smile like the cat that had just swallowed the canary, Sam approached Cordley’s thrashing form. “No, that was a true black curse, just for him. He’ll die no matter what he thinks about it, the bastard.” Using the tip of his foot, he examined the struggling man’s ribs, his smile widening as he did so.
Cassie looked at him in horror, and felt a chill run down her spine as she realized something about him for the first time: that, whether it was his demonic nature or simple human cruelty, he enjoyed making people suffer. She could see no trace of empathy in his face, just satisfaction.
“I was telling the truth! Make this stop!”
He looked at her in confusion. “You were? I thought you were just…”
“Break the curse!” she screamed, as Cordley’s gasping became hoarser, like his throat was full of sandpaper.
“I’m sorry, I can’t…it doesn’t work that way...”
“God, you suck!” she yelled, dropping to her knees. This was wrong; Cordley was flawed, but he was at the core a good man broken by tragedy. He didn’t deserve to die in agony on the floor of an airport terminal.
“Wait, I- Don’t!”
Sam reached out to her, but it was too late; she had paid attention to what it felt like when demons tapped her, so she knew how to pour her magic into someone else. She didn’t know how to heal yet, but she could try to push enough white magic into his body to stop the curse from killing him.
Now that she was connected to Cordley, she found she could see the black curse, like a puddle of black oil over his body. It was thick; Sam must have saved up all the pure black magic he could muster after his summoning, just in the hopes he would get to use it on Cordley. She thought she could sense rage in the curse, like Sam was livid that Cordley had deceived him, had taken from him.
How dare you, the curse hissed. This is what happens to those who take what’s mine. I’ll see you die before you touch her. Anyone who touches her can burn alive from the inside out...No one else can touch…how dare you….
She shook her head, trying to clear it of the curse’s influence; for a second, she was afraid the black magic would ooze into her as well, but it didn’t. Though the opening was there, all the black oil stayed firmly on Cordley’s side of the connection. Perhaps the curse itself recognized her as Sam’s familiar.
Despite the fact that the curse stayed away from her, Cassie thought she could sense its progression; first, it would choke Cordley, to make him feel as though he would die from suffocation. Then, his insides would burn, reaching unfathomable temperatures until his organs were liquefied. Even then he wouldn’t be dead; he would continue to struggle to get air into the shriveled remains of his lungs, for hours, while his wasted body melted away. Normally the mind would shut down in the face of this kind of shock, but the curse was designed to keep him conscious for the sole purpose of feeling more pain. No matter how much time she spent around demons, she doubted she would ever see a blacker curse.
Vaguely, she could feel Sam’s hands on her arms, but she was connected to Cordley; she couldn’t be ripped away physically, not now. She noticed he’d stopped coughing, but the curse was still wrapped around his body; it was still killing him, only slower. She reached down into a reserve she somehow knew was there, and poured as much magic into him as she could hold. It hurt, like her chest was going to burst.
STOP THIS NOW! yelled Sam’s voice in her head, and then she had to let go. She fell backwards into his arms, finding that the room looked grainy and blurry. White spots flickered on the edges of her vision; she wondered if she was seeing traces of her own magic, or if she was just on the verge of losing consciousness again. She wondered why it had taken Sam so long to compel her to stop, but when she thought about it, she realized she had only been touching Cordley for a few seconds. It only felt like forever.
“Slowpoke,” she slurred. Her head felt like it weighed a hundred pounds, and she sank back against Sam’s chest. “I hope I got enough in him before you stopped me.”
“Cassie…”
“Why do you have to be so evil? That’s not cool….”
Her last memory of her time in Heathrow Airport was Sam wrapping his arms around her, calling her name softly.
***

“How about that,” said a voice Cassie recognized. “She just pumped him so full of white magic, the curse got too diluted to complete. No training, no knowledge, just pure brute force. She really is yours.” said Serenus.
She still couldn’t see; all she could do was hear the voices, which seemed to float around her like smoke.
“I wish she was a little less like me,” said another voice softly. “After that stunt, I thought…she felt like ice….”
“Her own magic is knitting her back together. It’s just a matter of time. You’ll see.”
“I could’ve stopped this. If I’d compelled her as soon as I realized—”
“Sam, if your first thought whenever she disobeys you is to reach for compulsion, you will lose her absolutely,” said Serenus, with a quiet gravity she wasn’t used to hearing from him. “You’ve no choice but to let her decide.”
There was a pause.
“I don’t know if I can take it, Ser.”
When she opened her eyes, she was confused; she knew Sam and Serenus were there somewhere, but all she could see was the view from her grandparents’ house once again. The fall scenery had changed to winter, and she could hear the crunch of someone walking in freshly-fallen snow. Her mind tried to reconcile the two scenes for a while, but it seemed like entirely too much work.
She realized that, despite the winter’s chill in the air and the icicles hanging from the trees, she was somewhere soft and safe, and that was all that mattered.
 


Chapter Twenty-Four
Cassie was surprised when Serenus met her on the way to The Daily Grind before one of her Friday night shifts. She’d seen very little of the man since she returned from London. For a while, she was stuck recovering from what her parents thought was yet another case of the flu, but even when she went back to work, she only saw him for a few brief moments.
“Ms. Tremblay: Would you mind taking a walk with me for a little while?”
“I gotta go to work, Ser.”
Serenus smiled a knowing smile. “I’m sure the good Mr. MacGregor will not begrudge us ten minutes.”
“Well, if it’s short,” she said.
He led her to a small park that was only a block or two away from The Daily Grind. Cassie didn’t mind the fresh air, but she wondered what Ser needed to tell her that he couldn’t say in the shop. She guessed it was something he didn’t want Sam to hear, and that piqued her interest.
After they had walked around the freezing duck pond in silence for a minute, Serenus began. “I realized I never apologized to you.”
Cassie looked at him quizzically. “Apologized?”
“For not realizing the threat that Cordley represented. Even though I knew all about his family. Even though I should have known that the Eastern Court was as desperate for witches as we are.”
She considered that; apparently, she wasn’t the only one who expected Serenus to know everything. “You couldn’t have known, Ser. Don’t beat yourself up about it.”
“Even after you were taken, Sam was insisting it was Cordley, and I was arguing with him. I was trying to convince him that it was a coincidence that the man was talking to him outside while you were taken.” He shook his head sadly. “I just couldn’t believe it of him.”
“Still. I don’t blame you, and I’m sure Sam doesn’t, if that’s what you’re worried about. Besides, it all worked out okay in the end.”
Serenus looked at her with a sadness in his eyes that took her by surprise. “Did it? Because if I had a better idea of what was going on, maybe you wouldn’t have had to pledge yourself to one of the Lords of Hell to get out of it.”
Cassie stopped short.
“How did you know? Sam doesn’t even—" She sputtered, and then she remembered. Of course he knew: he was the designated spell Examiner for this hemisphere. The man with perhaps the greatest sense for magic in the world. He could probably sense her bond with Sammael, like the scent of a musky cologne that clung to her.
“It took me a while to figure out what it was. At first, I thought you somehow had two bonds simultaneously with Sam, except that makes no sense. Eventually I realized who else’s magical residue would feel the same as his.”
Cassie shivered in her windbreaker. If she knew she would have been going for walks in the park, she would have dressed warmer today.
“You absolutely cannot tell him, Cassie,” he continued, turning to face her. “Sam hates his father; the idea that he has any claim to you would drive him insane. Do everything you can to make sure he doesn’t find out.”
Cassie regarded him coolly. She liked him, even trusted him, but it didn’t escape her notice that he thought nothing of manipulating his supposed friend. “You’re very big on deciding what Sam gets to know.”
“I am,” he said, unapologetically. He turned to look at the duck pond, not quite frozen for the winter yet, but getting there. “It may make you think less of me, but I made a promise to his mother that I would protect him, and I take that very seriously. And, just like you, the one he usually needs the most protection from is himself.”
Cassie decided to ignore the backhanded insult. After all, though she didn’t regret it, after nearly getting herself killed trying to save the life of the man who had kidnapped her, it wasn’t really up for debate whether or not she could be reckless.
“Besides, you know how he can be. It’s not safe for him to get too angry.”
Cassie nodded. They only think they can’t breathe….
“But Ser,” she murmured. “You know he’s going to find out eventually. I can’t keep something from someone who can read my mind.”
Serenus smiled that same sad smile. “I know he hasn’t read your mind since you returned from London. He’s afraid of knowing what you think of him.”
Cassie shivered again, not entirely from the cold. Oh. Well then, that’s convenient. Incredibly sad. But convenient.
“Anyway, that was all I really needed to say,” he said, turning back towards the gate that led to the street. “Go make yourself one of those drinks you like with all the sugar.”
“I will, thanks,” she said and turned to go. Thinking better of it, she turned back to him, enjoying the feeling of her wool scarf whipping around her body. “One more thing though. Sam’s mother, is her name Helen?”
A pained expression crossed the older man’s face when she said the name, but he maintained his composure quickly. “Yes. I take it the demon in question must have mentioned her.”
“Yeah,” said Cassie. “What’s she like, anyway? He talked about her like…like he loved her, I guess.”
Serenus just smiled, turning to look at the pond once more. “Go to work, Cassie.”
As she walked back to the shop, she wondered what kind of woman Helen was. It would be one thing if Serenus had talked about her like she was She Who Must Be Obeyed— given his flair for the dramatic— but Sammael, a Lord of Hell, had talked about her the exact same way.
Of course, in theory she could ask Sam, but lately, they hadn’t been talking about much of anything. As she walked the rest of the way to work, she mulled over her current predicament: how to rescue Ethan, who had emailed her and let her know he had been stolen from his parents, when she and Sam were barely speaking. Ever since London, her communication with him had been polite, but limited. She couldn’t hear his voice without remembering the sound of his curse in his head, and she was pretty sure he knew it.
Although she knew she would have to begin her training as a witch sooner rather than later in order to keep the court off her back, neither of them had broached the subject yet. She wanted to learn how to use white magic for sure, but the prerequisites…well, that was something she simply couldn’t think about right now.
When she reached The Daily Grind, she stopped in front of the window to quickly send Annette a text. As far as her parents knew, she had run off to the coffee convention behind their backs, then suffered a massive karma overdose by coming down with a severe case of stomach flu while in New York. Now, in addition to her other punishments, which she had expected, she had to keep a location indicator on her phone active and let her mother keep tabs on her at all times. While it was kind of humorous that she was perhaps the only teenaged girl in the world who had been told to use her cellphone more, it was also the only thing that allowed her to keep her position at DG.
She waved to Mike as she came in, who had taken over his typical corner with his laptop. Jay was running the register, while Khalil manned the bar. While she was securing her apron around her waist, Sam came out from the back, holding a box of beverage mix under his arm.
“Hi, Cassie,” he said, looking at her pleasantly but not quite meeting her eyes. “How was school?”
“Oh, fine….the usual,” she muttered.
“Good. If you could get the pre-close stuff done while Jay handles the front, that would be great.”
“Okay. No problem.”
“Great.” Sam walked off to start mixing up a new batch of beverage base at the bar behind Khalil. From his manner, there was no indication that he was anything other than an attractive coffee shop worker.
As she went to get the mop, she saw Jay and Khalil exchange annoyed looks; she and Sam practically sounded like retail-bots, discussing only job-related tasks. Though both had dropped hints (Dwight and Mike had known better), she hadn’t told either of them what the source of this new awkwardness between them was, and she didn’t plan to either. It wasn’t something she felt comfortable discussing.
She’d only been cleaning the shop for a few minutes when the delivery truck stopped outside. She exchanged surprised looks with Khalil. The shop got deliveries all the time, but that was from the companies DG did business with, and almost always in the early morning; a UPS delivery in the middle of the afternoon was a rarity.
A delivery worker came in, holding a package the size of a notebook. When Khalil went to sign for it, the man shook his head.
“This is addressed to Cassandra Tremblay at the Daily Grind.”
She and Khalil exchanged looks again; it had to be a demon-related thing. Who else would send a package to The Daily Grind like she lived there? And did she really want to open any packages of demonic origin?
“Uh, thanks,” she said, signing for it. When the delivery man thanked her and left, she stood at the counter, staring at the package for a long moment. Sam came to stand at her shoulder, his brow knitted in thought. Jay abandoned his post at the bar for a moment to examine it.
“You gonna open it?” Jay asked, curiosity obvious in his excited tone.
She turned to Sam. “I don’t sense any magic from it, do you?” she whispered.
“None,” he said, “Although we should probably call Serenus—"
She had already started ripping off the paper.
“— just to be on the safe side,” he finished, crossing his arms. “Or not.”
When she had unwrapped it, she frowned; it seemed like a tablet PC, only thinner and lighter than she had ever seen. The front was emblazoned with a logo she’d never seen before.
She and Sam exchanged glances, the first eye contact they had shared in some time. Demons had sent her a computer?
She’d pretty much forgotten that Mike was even in the room, so his sudden outburst came as a bit of a shock. “Oh. My. God!” he said, standing up and crossing the room faster than she’d ever seen him move. “That’s a Venus 7200X! You can’t even pre-order those yet!”
“Eh?” said Cassie, looking over the counter at him. “What is it?”
“Only the thinnest, fastest, most powerful tablet ever,” he said, his blue eyes huge in his face. He seemed to remember there were a few customers in the shop, and lowered his voice. “They sent you something that only exists as a prototype— someone really high up in the company has to be a demon.”
Cassie looked at the thing quizzically; well, it figured that some demons would be in powerful positions at computer hardware firms. Based on what court was like, she had assumed that the ranks of demonkind were mostly made up of lawyers, but there had to be exceptions.
“Touch the screen, that should turn it on,” Mike continued, staring at the tablet with a look that was almost greedy. She complied, and a text document immediately appeared on the screen. All the guys clustered around her to read it.

Dear Ms. Tremblay,
You are cordially invited to attend the next meeting of the Greater American Society of Dental Professionals on Saturday, March 23, at 7 p.m. at the Legacy Hotel in San Francisco, California. On the agenda: exploring the ethics of experimental orthodontics, exciting new products in the burgeoning field of teeth-whitening candies and gums, the latest advances in flossing, and a hearing regarding the blood status of Sammael, a.k.a. “Samuel Andrews,” in regard to Sections 48c and 336a of the Hemispheric Charter. The full text of the charter, in addition to other pertinent documents, has been provided for you on this device.
Please come prepared to speak in regard to the latter, and we look forward to seeing you in the spring. Always remember: Clean teeth are happy teeth.

Sincerely,
Donatello Arrigio,
President, Greater American Society of Dental Professionals

It was all Cassie could do to keep from throwing the thing across the room, and she probably would have were it not for the fact that Mike would have probably refused to speak to her ever again.
“Of course I have to go back to court! Of COURSE!”
“They sent your invitation before mine?” Sam asked rhetorically. “I don’t even know if I should be offended.”
Khalil threw his hands up in the air and made a triumphant noise. “Guess who’s getting a free trip to San Francisco? Whooo! Next time it’ll be Vegas, bet you 50 bucks.”
 


Epilogue
Sammael was ready: glowing red eyes, check. Brutal, savage claws, check. A physical shape somewhere between a goat, a tractor and a Dallas Cowboys Linebacker? Check.
As the final details of his figure filled in from the summoning, he raised his voice in his best, most terrifying growl. "WHO DARES SUMMON ME, THE DEMON SAMMAEL-"
"Sorry, the shock and awe approach has never really worked with me for some reason. I recommend changing into your preferred human form, I imagine it's a lot more comfortable in this venue."
Sammael coughed and considered his summoner. Sitting before him in a folding metal chair was a small woman in a brown suit, her equally brown hair pulled back into a tight bun. She wasn't beautiful by any stretch of the imagination, but there was intelligence in her narrow brown eyes, and she could be considered attractive, in a librarian-ish sort of way.
Sammael began to change form, a mist obscuring the details of the process. If she knew that he had a preferred human form, she was already better informed than the average summoner, and there wasn't much point to grandstanding with the "Ye Olde Demon" look. He changed into the 20-something blond form he preferred: good looking enough to assist in getting what he wanted when he chose to pass for human, but not so good-looking that people mistook him for a film star and chased him down for his autograph. That got annoying real fast.
Change complete, he dropped his arms casually at his side. "So, what does my mistress command— ah, what is that?" he trailed off as his nose alerted him to the huge, matted pile of blood and fur right outside his summoning circle.
The woman looked slightly embarrassed, but only for a moment. "That? I killed and drained 50 rabbits in order to get the sacrificial blood to summon you. I figured I was better off erring on the side of too much than too little."
Sammael tried not to show much emotion in front of humans on general principle, but he couldn't help raising an eyebrow at that. "Fifty rabbits? You know, it's much more cost effective to use your own blood for this, human."
"I know, but unfortunately I'm slightly anemic, and losing that amount of blood would be unsafe. Then, I might fall unconscious, and you'd be stuck in the circle with no one to dismiss you for six hours before dawn, which wouldn't be fair to you, obviously. So I used animal blood. I apologize for any inconvenience," she concluded, her face impassive.
Sammael massaged his temples, where he felt a ghost of a headache starting to grow; this was going all wrong. "Alright, whatever, you got me here. What should I call you, mistress?" he said, hissing the last word.
"Helen," she said crisply.
"Lovely. Hello, Helen; I reckon you already know my name. Now what do you want, lady?" he said, putting his hands on his hips and fixing her with an impatient glare.
Usually, when a woman of a certain age summoned him, it was because her husband had taken up with a younger woman, and the mistress had decided to put a curse on the pair of them. That was more or less how he had Helen pegged at this point, so he couldn't help but drop his jaw when she named her actual request.
She raised her chin up, looking him in the eye. "I want you to father a child for me: a son."
When he had recovered the power of speech, the demon sputtered. "You...moron! You can't use the circle to compel me to do that! How could you have the knowledge to summon me and not know that!"
"I know," she said, with that no-nonsense tone she had. "Sammael—"
"The only POSSIBLE way that could happen is if you willingly broke the circle so I could come out, in which case, do you know what I'd do first? Rip your intestines out and wear them like a feather boa, you dumb bitch. Then rip your ears and nose off and eat them as hors d’oeuvres. Then break you in half and take your torso back home as a trophy, and THEN—"
Helen didn't seem to be particularly moved by any of this. "Yes, that's a very real possibility, but obviously, I'm hoping it won't come to that. Eventually, you might decide that you want to have a child by me."
Sammael's further threats died on his lips. What was the point? He had been summoned by a complete whack job, apparently. "Uh, it doesn't work that way, hon. Either you give me an order that I can obey— curse someone, extend your life at the cost of your soul, that sort of thing— or you send me back. If you ever let me out of this circle, I'll kill you, and that's that."
Helen shrugged as if this was of no account. "Maybe," she said. "And maybe after a few thousand years of cursing people and whatnot over a bunch of trivial garbage, you'll appreciate not having to bother. In any case, I intend to summon you periodically with this request, then let you go if you say no."
Sammael blinked. "That's it? You're going to summon me and keep asking me to be your...baby daddy?"
Helen nodded, like he was a very slow child who had finally caught on. Sammael smiled: wow, she was even more bonkers than he thought. He walked up the very edge of the circle, so she was only a foot or two away, and looked down at her.
"Great. You've convinced me. Why don't you break the circle? We'll get busy, have a grand old time, and then I'll be on my way."
Helen rolled her eyes. "No Sammael, obviously if I let you out now, you're just going to kill me."
Sammael felt his eyes widen. "But you just said!—"
Helen shrugged again and crossed her arms in front of her. "I'm a judge; I have a good feel for when people are lying. I'll know when you're saying it for real."
Sammael backed up: this was bad. Sure, she was crazy, but not the fun kind of crazy: the kind of stone-cold, calculating crazy that lived long enough to put everyone who had ever called them crazy in the ground. He could imagine her summoning him every night for the rest of her natural life with her request, and never letting him out, ever. That would put a serious drag on the next several decades.
He put up his hands in supplication. "Listen to me, Helen," he said with as much earnestness as he could fake. "I'm sorry for trying to scare you with the whole scary demon act, but this is insane; this isn't good for either of us. What are you, 40 years old? You can't have too many child-bearing years left. Knock off with this crazy stuff, go find some halfway-decent bloke and have at it."
Helen's face remained impassive. “If you outwait my biological clock, I have a surrogate lined up; it's not an issue."
"And demon kids are a wreck, what with blowing things up all the time before they can control their powers, if they ever learn. Some don't. It's worse than having a retard for a kid, I swear."
"Since I want a demon to father my child, it’s my responsibility to handle the many challenges that will entail, not yours. Though I appreciate your concern."
Sammael gave up on reasoning with her and threw up his hands, frustrated. "Why? Why do this? Why do you want a demon kid so badly?"
Helen's expression softened slightly for the first time since she'd summoned him. "I want what every mother wants, for my child to survive and be happy. If I have a demon child, no human being will be able to threaten him, ever. He'll be free to do whatever he wants."
Sammael exhaled, not sure how to regard her now. He could tell she was telling the truth, and it wasn't that she'd discounted the possibility that this quest would end with her head displayed on his mantelpiece; she'd considered it, knew it was likely, and went forward with it anyway. All because she'd decided that she wanted her child to have everything she could possibly give him.
"So...what? You're going to summon me every day and ask me this?"
"No, I thought that would be cruel and unusual. I'll only summon you once a week at this time and keep you for an hour, so you can question me and decide whether you would be comfortable with me as the mother of your child."
Sammael sneered. "Why would I want a stone crazy bitch like you to mother my kid? If I want tail I can get it anywhere, and no offense but I've never been turned on by the whole sexy-librarian look, hon."
Helen smiled; he was amazed how different her face looked with that expression. "Because I'm not crazy, although I am a bitch, and I imagine it takes a bitch to properly mother a demon. And thank you for the "sexy," comment, I don't hear that often."
Sammael just looked at her. It wasn't that she wasn't afraid of anything; she was too logical to be fearless. She was smart enough to fear him, but had made peace with her fear a long time ago. There was nothing he could threaten her with that she hadn't already considered, and dismissed.
Helen leaned back her head and yawned, a voluptuous yawn from deep in her throat. "Anyway, I'm tired; since you're obviously not going to warm up to the idea immediately, I may as well send you back tonight so we both can relax. Begone, Sammael."
Sammael felt his form begin to melt away and found, to his surprise, that he didn't actually want to leave yet. "Hey, I thought you said you were going to give me an hour to question you."
"Yes, yes, next time: once I've had some practice with this summoning and it doesn't leave me so lethargic. Goodnight, Sammael, I'll see you next week."
"Goodnight, ridiculous crazy lady," said Sammael, smiling.
As her drab apartment began to disappear, only to be replaced with his sumptuous rooms, Sammael realized that if he was honest with himself, he had to admit that he was looking forward to the next time Helen summoned him. He was going to spend the next week thinking up some dynamite questions for her.
About the Author
Karen Mead (1982-) was born on Long Island, New York and still lives there because she's too lazy to move. As a journalist/editor, Karen lives the double life of writer by day...writer by night. Okay, so maybe it's not much of a double life. When not writing for work or for fun, Karen also enjoys drawing, playing games, playing with her My Little Ponies (which she liked BEFORE it was cool) and watching anime.
Currently, Karen is working on the fourth book in The Familiar Series, as well as the first book of a brand new fantasy series. In addition to writing about Cassie's adventures, she also hopes to one day publish a fantasy YA series featuring her own illustrations. For more information about The Familiar Series, you can visit the Facebook page, however, be warned: some of the artwork may include spoilers for later books! In addition, you can visit Karen's blog, Otakusphere, or read an interview with Karen at Smashwords.

PREVIEW: SUCCESSION OF WITCHES

Succession of Witches, the second book in The Familiar Series, is available now.

Sam had been staying at Bob’s Motel on the outskirts of the city for almost seven months, which was a record even for him. He’d lived in cheap motels before, but usually he found an apartment before the three-month marker. However, his first few attempts to find an apartment in Sterling had been fairly nightmarish, and at some point, procrastinating on further apartment hunting became living at Bob’s for the forseeable future.
It wasn’t all bad. The place was cheap, but the maids did a serviceable job cleaning the place, saving him the effort of cleaning up after himself. There was a free continental breakfast of all the stale cereal you could eat, which might not be very appetizing but would do in a pinch. Most importantly, the room did have one really comfy reading chair, the importance of which was not to be underestimated.
While it could get noisy at night, at 5:30 p.m. on a Tuesday afternoon the place was so quiet you could hear a pin drop. Or a bunch of library books, which was what Sam was currently trying to levitate. Taking on a familiar had done what no amount of nagging from Dr. Serenus Zeitbloom and his mother could accomplish: motivated him to practice his magic. He had realized that if he wanted to get Cassie to stop being scared of him, it would probably help if he was a little less scared of himself.
There was a painfully loud thunk as the Sterling Public Library’s copy of War and Peace banged into the ceiling. Sam winced; he shouldn’t be using the works of Russian authors for levitation practice. The book stuck to the ceiling for a moment before falling, and Sam managed to get his hands under it before it hit the carpeting. A banging on the ceiling from the room above made it clear that the hotel wasn’t entirely empty; someone up there wasn’t keen on the noise he was making. Sam knocked gently on the ceiling, hoping the guest above him would take it for the nonverbal apology it was.
After he knocked, he heard a soft thumping noise coming from the wall behind him, from behind the bed. Sam raised an eyebrow; no one was staying in that room. Maybe one of the maids was in there.
He ran his fingers over the worn cover of Tolstoy’s masterpiece, wondering what he was doing wrong. For some reason, it was easier to move the book in big, sweeping movements. Trying to get it to hover just a few inches above the table was what had led to smacking the book into the ceiling. With the big movements, it was just a general release of energy that he didn’t have to think about much, but getting the book to hover required summoning flows of air to manipulate it, and that just didn’t seem to work.
Though some magic could work around the laws of physics, in general it was much easier to work within them. That’s why he knew he must be summoning some kind of wind to power the book’s flight, but he couldn’t see it. In theory, he should be able to see the threads of air energy keeping the book aloft, but he barely saw anything. He could feel that they were there, but when he tried to concentrate on them, it all became a blur.
If he had tapped into Cassie’s magic anytime recently, he’d probably be able to see every single serpentine thread. As far as he knew, familiars were just supposed to provide fuel for spells, not make you significantly better at them. It was one of many ways in which his familiar was atypical, and while he wanted to know why, now was not the time to worry about it.
He put War and Peace back on the table and picked up a much lighter book, actually a children’s book; he’d picked it up because the mermaid on the cover reminded him of Cassie for some reason. Concentrating on lifting the book ever so slightly, he managed to levitate it above his palms for a few seconds before he had to release it and let it fall back onto the table. It was either that, or give in to the temptation to throw it really hard again.
Sam rubbed his eyes, trying not to give in to frustration. He’d all but ignored his magic for close to a decade; it wasn’t exactly a shock that his attempts to attain more precise control over it weren’t going well. The problem was that he didn’t know what he needed to do to improve. Should he just try to levitate his library books over and over again and hope to see improvement, or was it a total waste of time?
On a whim, he turned and squatted to retrieve the room’s copy of the bible from the lowest drawer of the night table next to his bed. Maybe working with something heavier would be easier, and the motel’s copy of the Holy Scripture was one of those large, annotated versions that was actually bigger than War and Peace. Feeling the weight of it in his hands, he threw it towards the table.
“Stop!” he yelled, managing to summon enough air pressure to stop the book before it fell. For a second, Sam could see the currents: funnels of translucent gold and silver that danced in strange patterns, leaving shimmering dust in their wake….
For some reason, the Holy Bible then exploded in a shower of sparks and singed paper. The force of the explosion pushed Sam down on his backside as smoke enveloped his part of the room. Coughing, he rose to his feet to see his motel room decorated with ribbons of paper from the destroyed tome—and worse, his other library books. When the bible had gone, it had taken all the other books with it, though the table was mysteriously unharmed.
He muttered a made-up word quickly, his marker for time reversal, and the pieces of the destroyed books flew back to the table and began reassembling themselves, paper and leather spines twisting together in a display that was strangely intimate. Within a moment, the books were intact.
That was his life in a nutshell: fail at a task from Magic 101 that a small half-demon child could do, then reverse time to fix his mistake, something only a handful of living demons would even attempt. He’d done a local time reversal, only affecting the room he was in, but he could do much more. He knew from last fall’s adventures that his effective range was miles.
He heard more thumping from the wall next to his bed. Whatever the maid was doing in there, he hoped she would be done soon.
At this rate, he wasn’t going to be a good master for any witch, let alone Cassie. He went to take a look at the mermaid book again, trying to figure out what it was about the female on the cover that reminded him of his familiar (since aside from her dark hair, the drawing of the fishtailed woman looked nothing like the girl he knew), and stopped in his tracks when he realized the book had changed. In fact, all the books had: they were covered with some kind of soot, and once he saw it he could smell subtle, but noxious fumes as well.
“Dammit!” he yelled, not even caring that he had cursed. This happened at random times. Sometimes using magic on an object would do nothing, sometimes it would change the mass or weight, and rarely everything would be covered by this disgusting substance, the residue of black magic. Levitating a book wasn’t a black spell by any stretch of the imagination, but apparently all of Sam’s magic was black by definition; even when he was doing something white magic could easily do, he still ran the risk of dark aftereffects.
He tried to brush the powder off the cover of the mermaid book before it could eat through the paper like acid and destroy it, but pulled his hand away quickly; the stuff was burning to the touch. Not only had he cursed his library books by accident, but the stuff was unusually potent. He wouldn’t have risked the books, but he hadn’t seen the residue in years and he’d honestly forgotten it was a possibility. Or maybe he’d just fervently hoped he’d outgrown it.
Suddenly he felt a chill; he knew he should count his blessings. Imagine if the spell he’d use to freeze time in the city last October had triggered a rare aftereffect…the possibilities were too terrible to even contemplate. Did he avoid an aftereffect that time because his magic was more suited to bigger spells than little ones? Or did he just plain get lucky?
Shielding his hand with an old undershirt, he knocked the books off the table to save its clean wooden surface. The threadbare carpeting below was probably beyond help anyway— let the magical soot eat it up like candy.
As Sam made his way toward the bathroom to get a towel to wipe off the table, two sharp bangs from behind the headboard of his bed startled him. He turned towards the far wall, tense. He no longer harbored any illusions that it was the maid.
He considered casting a spell so he could see through the wall, but given how working magic had gone tonight so far, he decided to quit while he was ahead. It was getting late, and it was almost time to go find that godforsaken club downtown where Dwight’s band was supposed to perform.
Still, Sam thought as he changed into a clean pair of jeans and a T-shirt, he could be sure of two things:
1. He wasn’t going to be able to take out books from the Sterling Public Library anymore.
2. Something was trapped in his wall, and it wanted out. Badly.
